


meramec farm | cabins - hiking trails in missouri on meramec river.











welcome 
          to 
          meramec farm 
cabins and hiking trails in mo. 

 
        come relax and stay in a lovely cabin while experiencing the beautiful hiking trails through missouri's ozark hills and valleys and along 
        the banks of the pristine upper meramec river. 








 meramec 
          river cabins and hiking trail  
          vacations in missouri.


isolation as usual!
			our cabins are 400' apart, there's even a cabin 1/2 a mile from all others so if you'd like to write your book without any contact, this is your place!!
			we've uber-cleaned, disinfected and welcome your visit!  
			kids at home?  bring them to the farm with wildflower books, mushroom guides, kites and walk/run any direction knowing you're the only one who has touched that tree-not to mention the
			bluebells have just started blooming!  we offer affordable weekly rates for those who'd like a staycation in the heart of the ozarks' spring.

 gift 
          certificates available, give the gift of a memory that lasts 
          forever, some special time away from the routine amidst nature and the 
          upper meramec river. 
          call or email us to get yours!

what's 
          new!

          now secure pay online with paypal 
          and credit or debit card.
free wi-fi

 



we 
        are a 
        family friendly
        cabin rental and 
        meramec river resort! 


your hosts provide family-friendly lodging in missouri 
        and just the right amount of involvement to make your visit as tranquil 
        or adventurous as you wish.
local attractions

we are a proud
workaway.info
        host.
volunteer - host
videos

view our videos library 








this 
          unique getaway is only an hour's drive from saint louis missouri.
please 
          call 573-732-4765 or email us to make your 
          cabin rental reservation first, 
          then return here and make payment to lock in your reservation!




please call or email and make 
                your arrangements first, 
                then use one of the buttons below to pay now and lock in your 
                reservation.







for 
                          cedar cabin





for 
                          backwoods cabin





for 
                          log cabin










missouri 
                cabin rentals




$95 for 2 persons, $15 for 
                each additional person, 1 night free for a 7 night stay.

















sitemap:
xml
ror
html
txt 
on 
              the bank of the meramec river

5 acre 
              gravel bar and many places to swim/access the river from the farm.
 

a 
              setting for all seasons



the 
        470-acre meramec farm is located on a bend of the beautiful, spring-fed 
        meramec river. it's truly a setting for all seasons--meadows graced with 
        wildflowers in the spring, summer respites in cool caves within the towering 
        vilander bluffs, wooded hillsides splashed with autumn's red, orange and 
        gold, and winter's intimate stillness after a snowfall. no matter what 
        the season, meramec farm is a place for peace and discovery, far away 
        from the pressures of everyday life.


a peaceful & comfy retreat
plan 
        a weekend - or longer - in one of our two private missouri 
        guest cabins.






























 
activities that celebrate 
          the seasons 

at meramec 
        farm, spring inspires leisurely walks amid wildflowers, picnics, and afternoons 
        spent fishing in the stocked ponds or river. summer means swimming in 
        the clear, cool water of the meramec, or spelunking in nearby caves. autumn's 
        dazzling weather invites hiking and bicycling. and winter offers cross-country 
        skiing and ice skating.

        miles of trails climb the rugged bluffs and wooded hills, cross open fields 
        and follow the rivers course. the high panoramas and river views are magnificent! 





















 





 
 
abundant wildlife 
          & friendly farm animals 
wildlife abounds at meramec 
          farm. the woods are home to wild turkey, white-tailed deer and many 
          other native missouri animals. great blue herons nest in the sycamores. 
          bass and trout flourish in the meramec river and nearby streams. since 
          meramec farm is a working farm, animals considerably less wild are usually 
          about, much to the delight of children and guests of all ages who visit 
          the farm. grazing cattle, frolicking calves, horses, foals, mules, chickens, 
          cats and dogs make their home here.  






 
a 
        working family farm
meramec 
        farm has been welcoming guests since 1982. but its been a working farm 
        since 1811, when william harrison left kentucky, swam his cattle across 
        the mississippi and started his new farm on the meramec river.  during 
        its more than 180 years, meramec farm has remained in the same family. 
        today, the sixth and seventh generations of that family, raise cattle 
        and hay, proudly continuing the family farm tradition.















for reservations or information, contact:

carol springer
      208 thickety ford road
      bourbon, mo 65441
      (573) 205-9395









or e-mail us:

 



 
 
 
 
 



 





home    |    
		the farm    |   
		cabins     |   
		
contact us     |   
		favorite links    |   
		meramec river







		photo tours:    |    
		cedar cabin    |   
		log cabin     |   
		
testimonials










© 2024 meramecfarm.com all rights reserved. | webmaster: email






