home | fnb bank 
homeskip to main contentskip to footerdownload acrobat reader 5.0 or higher to view .pdf files.    close alert fdic logofdic-insured - backed by the full faith and credit of the u.s. governmentfnb bank  toggle navigation    menuclose menu

personal


personal accounts

personal loans



commercial


commercial accounts

commercial loans

cash management



wealth


wealth management



convenience


online banking

mobile banking

telephone banking

debit cards

reorder checks

financial calculators



about


history

locations

contact us

customer complaint policy



 search close loginclose close online bankingwelcome back!log in to your account.usernameforgot password  close searchwhat can we help you find?search start site searchfnb bank   take control of your banking
turn your card on and off at your convenience in our updated mobile app.

learn more now    because you're always on the go
receive customized transaction and balance alerts via text message. 

get mobile alerts now    how money smart are you?
learn the basics of purchasing a home

get money smart now play main slider/pause main slider stay in touch with us on our facebook page
like or follow fnb   
reach out to us
we're here to help. please contact us today with any questions or concerns. lets get started!

contact us  
our locations
whether you are looking for our branch or an atm. 

find us  
adding it up
use our calculators to make sure you are making the right decision.

financial calculators  
identity theft & scams
we are here to help you protect yourself.

learn more  
lending
our experienced lenders are ready to help you with all of your personal and business needs. 

personal loans
commercial loans
  

running out?
getting low on checks? we make reordering easy. just click and go!

reorder checks
     account access anytime, anywhere.
fnb bank's online banking is your 24-hour personal link to your accounts.
enroll in online banking     your business, as unique as you are
banking power without a lot of cost.


that's why we take the time to truly understand every aspect of your business - including the dreams and aspirations that drive it. 


see business checking     keep more of your money
checking accounts that gives you more. 


even though people rarely write checks anymore, you still need a personal checking account. you just need one that fits your lifestyle today! 


checking/accounts    a safer, faster way to pay
access to your accounts anytime, 24/7.

you can forget the hassles of writing checks, searching for id and waiting for approval. just insert your fnb bank debit card, pay, and go! 

see our debit cards play secondary area slider/pause secondary area slider  stay in touch with fnb!  enter your name and email address to stay connected with fnb. sign up close newsletter signup sign up 
leave me blank for email collection.

first name * (newsletter signup) last name * (newsletter signup) email address * (newsletter signup) sign up there was an error submitting the form.noticethis form requires javascript be turned on for it to work. please turn on javascript and refresh the page if you would like to submit an online form. if you cannot turn on javascript, we encourage you to contact your nearest branch location. thank you.

you've been added to our list! we appreciate your interest. got it      

mobile alerts
receive customized balance and transaction alerts via text message!

receive alerts today
    
club account


saving for a special project or everyday expenses. start saving today with our club account. 



learn more    

e-statements
save a trip to the mailbox by having your statement securely and conveniently delivered. 

get e-statements



 back to the topfnb bank 

contact us

disclosures


©  fnb bankmember fdicequal housing lendercreated by jack henry digital 
