

song legacy custom songs - unique gifts of personalized music



















































 






song legacy
              original custom personalized songs
 birthday, anniversary, wedding, retirement,
              mother's day, 
              valentine's day

 the perfect gift for the person who has everything!


a song legacy customized original song is the perfect 
                gift for mother's day, valentine's day, birthdays, anniversaries, 
                weddings, christmas, retirement, corporate functions, quinceanera 
                celebrations, memorials or other special occasions.

if you're looking for a professional personalized song, you've 
                found the right place.

                here are seven ways song legacy differs from other custom song 
                writers:

                1. professionalism: our composers, lyricists and vocalists 
                are professionals, with over 100 years combined experience performing, 
                composing, and recording in the music industry. our musicians 
                and vocalists have performed concerts for audiences of thousands.









see a youtube 
                  video of "100 years of mayhem", featuring a song 
                  with music & personalized lyrics by andrea carter, with 
                  lip-synching of the soundtrack by the wives of the 2 men being 
                  honored on their 50th birthdays.








special feature:
                  original retirement and
                  farewell songs

 




 

 
2. fully customized lyrics: our experienced lyricists will 
              capture the life of the person(s) being honored in your song, capturing 
              the mood you want: romantic, humorous, serious, or a combination.

3. musical variety: you can select the music for your customized 
              song from a large assortment of original songs by our composers, 
              written in an incredible variety of musical styles.

4. sound quality: our recordings sound better! we give you 
              full musical arrangements, not just a midi machine.

5. professional personalized graphics: you have the option 
              of ordering professional graphics on your lyric sheets, cd jacket 
              covers and cd labels, incorporating your own photos or other illustrations.

6. experience: we have decades of song-writing experience, 
              and satisfied customers have been ordering customized songs through 
              the song legacy websites since 1999.

7. professional associations: our composers, lyricists, and 
              vocalists have worked with top professionals in the music industry 
              including doobie brothers, chaka kahn, quicksilver, b.b. king, etta 
              james, lou rawls, and more.

how it works:

              our staff will create and record the music that can turn your celebration 
              into an unforgettable event. song legacy will make your 
              legacy come alive!

              after you select the music for your song and complete a questionnaire 
              giving us details we need for writing the customized lyrics, your 
              story will transform into your very own personalized song  
              you can share and cherish for years to come.

              for a song legacy fully personalized song with lyrics created just 
              for you, based on the information you send us, and your choice of 
              original music written by our composers, prices start at $749 (plus additional charges for optional graphics and for production 
              and shipping if you request shipping instead of electronic delivery).


 


listen to the available 
              music for your own songs, including  examples of personalized 
              songs, with lyric sheets and cd covers.

              see and hear  examples of mp3 
              download songs, including lyric sheets and cd covers.


              meet some members of our staff:







  
kathleen tarp, lyricist, vocalist 
                        and owner of song legacy. learn more 
                        about kathleen tarp.












  
andrea carter, composer, lyricist, 
                        guitarist and vocalist. learn more 
                        about andrea carter.







 


 


for those on a tight budget, we offer mp3 downloads featuring 
                our original compositions and illustrated lyric sheets, for 
                only $9.99. learn more about these products.


 


 


special feature: 
              mp3 downloads of original retirement and farewell songs with illustrated lyric 
              sheets and cd jacket covers. 

 


 



 



learn about the products 
                        we offer.



hear the music available for your own personalized song, 
                        as you listen to sample songs 
                        for specific occasions.



see sample lyric sheets.



read what customers are saying 
                        about the songs.



learn more about the song legacy 
                        lyricists, performers and recording artists, including 
                        a partial list of headliners and orchestras they have 
                        appeared with and places where they have performed.



check out our links to other 
                        web sites about music and the monterey bay area.



contact us to request 
                        information.



customers make payments 
                        using your credit card. 








 home 
         about us
 products
 sample songs
 lyric 
        sheets

   comments
 links
 contact us
 make 
  payments



 


 















carmel valley, ca


phone: 831-375-1294


  e-mail:







  website: www.songlegacy.com  
          







web site
                    design by
starr sites


 


 
 
copyright © 1999-2024 song legacy

last updated 
                  june 3, 2024


 
 



 






unique 
            gifts of personalized music






 



 




