














supportkids



















toggle navigation





supportkids


get started
sign in





home
compare
how it works
our fees
what clients are saying
about us

faq

view all
our services
client information
child support


my account
sign out
sign in



















we collect child support

                                            supportkids is the largest private child support collection company in the country offering an alternative to government agencies. 
                                        
thousands of families across the nation have already discovered supportkids. find out what we can do for you by enrolling today.
get started
to enroll by phone, call: 1-800-801-kids











we get results
if you are not getting your child support consistently, your case may need more attention than the state can provide.
we personalize our collection strategy because we know each case is different, and we have the expertise to work even the most complex cases effectively.
get started











collecting child support is all we do
while private attorneys and local agencies often juggle any number of tasks, we focus exclusively on collecting child support.
our child support experts will give you the individualized attention you deserve.  with easy access to updates, you will always know what is happening on your case.
get started











why pay for child support collection?
supportkids exists because of the need for stronger, more effective child support enforcement.
with our innovative collection tools and manageable caseloads, we offer hope to those who have gone far too long without their support.
get started








previous



next











                        how is your child support being counted?
                    






                        national unpaid child support
                    


or




                        collections by supportkids
                    









government
supportkids



many custodial parents wait years for help.
as soon as you complete enrollment, our work begins immediately. your case gets the attention it deserves.



can be inconsistent and sporadic.
get updates on your case 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, online or by telephone.



lacks resources due to limited funding, continued cutbacks, and hiring freezes.
we grow with our caseload. the more clients we have, the more people we hire to work their cases.



collecting child support is just one of many functions that over-burdened state workers must handle.
our only job is to collect your child support.



over $115 billion owed.
we've collected millions for thousands of families - most sought help from government first with limited - or no - results.







how it works




1. qualify








qualifications for service:

a court order requiring non-custodial parent to pay child support
live in an eligible state
non-custodial parent not in jail or prison
must be owed $2000 or more in child support
not currently receiving temporary assistance for needy families (tanf)
no payments received within 60 days. (or 180 days if you live in ca)








2. review our product





collectpay

                fees are deducted from payments collected on your behalf, so you never pay out of pocket. 
                
                must be owed $2000 or more and not currently receiving any child support payments.
              





get started








3. complete enrollment






tell us some basic details about your case.



set up your secure online account, where you will be able to access case updates and check for payments.



sign the agreement for services electronically so we can begin our efforts on your behalf.







4. let us get to work!








case preparation

gather case details
examine collection history
collect and review required documents
coordinate with government agencies
calculate arrears, including state-specific interest
develop individualized collection strategy








locate

investigate employment and residential history
confirm information provided
search public and private databases
contact friends and relatives
determine and verify current place of employment








enforcement & collections

issue wage withholdings
negotiate directly with non-custodial parent
send collection letters
follow up on established payment plans
monitor payments
remedy payment lapses








client relations

point of contact for all client inquiries
personal contact with clients over the phone
prompt responses to email
automated phone system for 24/7 case updates
real-time case updates available via online client accounts













          our fees
        

          we understand that cost is an important factor in determining whether something is right for you. that is why we are upfront about our fees, how they are charged, and what you receive in return. our fees grant you access to a team of child support professionals who are ready to go to work for you and your family.
        








collectpay



 pay nothing out of pocket
 no fees owed if we do not collect
 fees of 34% retained from collections
 case updates available 24-hours a day
 personalized attention
 proven collection strategies






get started


 






what clients are saying...













                                                supportkids never gave up. i had gone into this figuring that i was going to get the same old run around, but supportkids stuck to it and got my child support after all those years. 
                                            


                                                    even when i lost hope, i was able to see that supportkids cared.
                                                    they were always very professional. when i would call to inquire about my case, they were very patient and very pleasant as they explained all the obstacles that they had to go through to get to the bottom of my case.
                                                

                                                    i’m really happy that my son and i pursued this, but i’m even happier that there’s somebody like supportkids that actually takes an interest. i’m not the only single parent that went through what i went through. you can’t lose anything by giving it a try.
                                                

 read more...


md
california





                                                i first learned of supportkids several years ago at a meeting regarding child support. like some parents, i put off contacting you to assist me with collection.
                                            

after being with another agency for 10 years with no success, i decided to let supportkids handle my case. within three months, you recovered over $6,000 in one payment. i received the check last week.

                                                    i highly recommend you to anyone who needs assistance in collecting child support. supportkids gets results, which is ultimately what we all want and need.
                                                

 read more...


linda b.
texas





                                                supportkids was effective at locating the non-custodial parent, they’ve been the only effective tool we’ve had.
                                            

we were looking for an alternative to the state because we were unable to get any response. when we contacted supportkids, all we could do was provide them with the last known information, but they were still able to track him down.
given the situation we were faced with and the state not being able to accomplish anything on our behalf, supportkids has been a world of difference between being paid and not being paid for the child support.
thanks supportkids.

 read more...


roger n.
florida












                                                once supportkids got all my info, i really had the feeling that people were pursuing this. it wasn’t just sitting on someone’s desk somewhere. 
                                            

i would check my case status and i thought, “oh my goodness, something is really happening, it’s really working.” within 6 months i received my first payment! it just felt so good! i love what supportkids has done for me, for my children. i will do whatever i can to help other parents in my situation know that supportkids is out there.
 i can’t thank supportkids enough.

 read more...


bennell
texas





                                                by the time i came to supportkids, i had already tried the courts for the past 11 1/2 years and got nowhere. i was going through the courts and they couldn't do anything because he was out of state. 
                                            

i figured that anything was worth a try - even if it meant paying a fee. one day my enforcement specialist called and said "guess what, i've got news." she said, "you better sit down," and told me we got a settlement. i was just really ecstatic.

 read more...


nancy f.
michigan





                                                i am writing you to tell you just what you have done has meant to us. you have made it possible for my children and i to do more than just survive and dream. we can actually begin to see some of those dreams come true.
                                            

after 16 years, you have managed to change what others could not, or would not. and you did this within only a few short weeks. i can honestly say i had given up. i had resigned myself to raising my children myself years ago. i have worked two jobs more than one time since i was divorced. i have heard my children cry because they didn't understand why other children have certain toys or clothes or shoes, and they could not.
now, thanks to the diligent efforts on behalf of supportkids staff, i can say with confidence, "there is justice in the world." thank you doesn't seem enough for how i feel. god bless you.

 read more...


terri
arizona












                                                thank you very much for all your hard work thru the years keeping track of the non-custodial parent great job everybody!
                                            


l.g.
texas




i just wanted to say thank you for all your help over the last two and a half years. it took awhile, and a lot of patience, but we did it! once again...thank you!!!


julayne
new jersey





                                                thank you so much for your help. it just goes to show that there is always hope.
                                            


vicki n.
texas








previous



next












more information 

about us

child support calculator



 

faq

privacy policy



 

contact us




join us on













 
































