






































uk's largest aquarium | the national marine aquarium
























































about us
contact us
work with us
news & blog
shop
 




				donate 




























buy tickets







visitplan your visit

book tickets & prices
vouchers
visitor information
accessibility
faqs
aquarium facilities
community groups


exploresomething for everyone

secrets of the aquarium
25 years of the nma
aquarium zones
online gift shop
ocean discovery ranger team
our husbandry team
conservation & research projects


experiencewhat’s on & events
learninglearn at the aquarium
venuehiring the aquarium
volunteersupport our charity
 


					donate 




























buy tickets

























meet our habitat heroes
this half term




































“possibly the best aquarium i've been too, excellent displays with wonderful viewing perspectives, a great variety of sea life and a highly educational day out for the kids who stayed engaged throughout.”
tony - bristol


“pre booked as requested, great visit, very informative all way round, nice cafe for a break would recommend!”
jayne - birmingham


“what an amazing day we had! fab day, such knowledgeable staff. no question was too much. the dive show was fantastic! excellent work for a self funded charity.”
sarah - truro


“i’ve been to a few aquariums and this was by far the best! took us two hours to get round so well worth the money. staff are friendly and knowledgeable! and you get to return for free within a year. my children are 8,10 and 15 and all were impressed.”
sammi jo - cornwall


“britain’s biggest and in my opinion best aquarium! really worth a visit if in plymouth or grown ups and children. the staff are extremely knowledgeable and happy to share their knowledge and answer questions. the aquarium has the biggest tank and glass window of a tank that i’ve ever seen where you could sit and watch the fish all day long!”
becks - swindon 




explore
the national marine aquarium (nma) is the uk’s largest aquarium, located in britain’s ocean city, plymouth. we are proudly the home of the ocean conservation trust, a charity dedicated to connecting people with the ocean.





 visit the uk’s national marine aquarium
with plenty to experience and explore, find out all the information you will need to plan an unforgettable trip to the national marine aquarium, or immerse yourself in an experience or an event. we are proudly the home of the ocean conservation trust, a charity dedicated to connecting people with the ocean.



ticket prices
if you’re looking to visit our aquarium during the day take a look at the following choices to make sure you get the option that is right for you!






explore
we’re an educational centre of excellence, run by the ocean conservation trust – and it is our goal to connect as many people with the ocean as we possibly can.






experiences & events
with a range of exciting and immersive ocean-themed events taking place at the national marine aquarium every single month, find out all about what we’ve got lined up here.






faqs
find out information and frequently asked questions on the uk’s national aquarium. from opening times, ticket information and more.









aquarium information

opening hours
standard opening hours
open daily 10:00am – 5:00pm
last entry 4:00pm
 
holiday opening hours
during peak periods we are open from 9:30am – 5:00pm.

last entry 4:00pm


how to find us
get directions on google maps
national marine aquarium,
rope walk, coxside, plymouth
pl4 0lf
what 3 words: ///boom.candy.gallons
call us: 0300 102 0300


parking
park nearby in the:
harbour car park
1 lockyers quay
plymouth
pl4 0dx
what 3 words: ///mess.bottle.throw
get directions on google maps





latest news 
view all






stemfest 2024: darwin’s voyage
06 nov 2024



every october, our ocean conservation trust education team run stemfest, an exciting two-week event to engage students with…

read more







a day in the life of a curator
13 sep 2024



we spoke to the curator of the national marine aquarium, home of the ocean conservation trust, about what…

read more







exciting new leadership for the ocean conservation trust
22 aug 2024



we are thrilled to announce that ian mcfadzen will be joining us this november as our new chief…

read more








news & updates
connect with our aquarium to hear about exciting news and events before anyone else!








first name 



last name 




email address 





please select all the ways you would like to hear from us:

email direct mail customized online advertising 



we use mailchimp as our marketing platform. by clicking to subscribe, you acknowledge that your information will be transferred to mailchimp for processing. learn more.





 














the national marine aquarium (nma) is the uk’s national aquarium, located in britain’s ocean city, plymouth. we are proudly the home of the ocean conservation trust, a charity dedicated to connecting people with the ocean.

find out more














































































tickets
get here
standard opening hours: 10:00am - 5:00pm 
holiday opening hours: 9:30am – 5:00pm
0300 102 0300


jobs
accessibility guide
media centre
contact us
terms and conditions
privacy policy
shop
our service standards
feedback
 


visit the uk’s largest aquarium, located in plymouth britain’s ocean city. the national marine aquarium is run by the ocean conservation trust, a registered charity with a mission to connect people with our ocean.
registered charity number 1032491







			© 2025 national marine aquarium		

			made by 














we use cookies to give you the best possible experience on our site.  find out more about our cookies.
okay!


 





pre-book tickets

during our peak periods please pre-book tickets to ensure entry












