





employment law questions and answers | my employment lawyer




















welcome guest   ·   sign in   ·   join mel








employment law topics

benefits
contracts
defamation at work
discrimination
fmla
harassment
non-compete agreements
overtime
retaliation
severance pay
unemployment
wage payment
wrongful discharge



employment law faqs

non-competition
severance pay
retaliation
sexual harassment
family leave
discrimination
wrongfully accused
overtime
tax issues in settlements
arbitration - overview
minimum wage - ohio
hiring a competitor's employee




welcome to my employment lawyer
my employment lawyer ("mel") is a network of u.s. employment lawyers who represent individual employees. mel provides employment law information for individuals and opportunities for attorneys to reach potential clients. if you cannot find answers to your employment law question, then ask mel, a free service that lets individual employees send questions to employment lawyers in their state.
mel's latest answers


could i claim age discrimination and retaliation?i was 55 years old and did a good job. i complained my supervisor to give my jobs to another young (36 years old) person with different job title, etc. after i complained, the manager gave me a lot of jobs to do. i must work extra two hours to finish the jobs every work day. the situation lasts more than 2 months. around 3 month later after i complained, i was terminated in reduction in force even...
1 answer  |  asked nov 28, 2024


i was furloughed during the pandemic after 25 years of service. ironically the very week i...
can my employer require repayment of all tuition reimbursements
the company i work for says my paystubs are under investigation. can i get in trouble for ...
does a prn employee need a separation notice when we no longer need them for shifts?
can my supervisor get maintenance to unlock my desk and go through my papers as well as ta...
more »


most popular


fired after giving notice of resignation - what can i do?once an employee turns in his/her resignation is it illegal for the employer to lay the employee off?
3 answers  |  asked mar 15, 2001


i work in florida, what are the laws in regards to pto payout?
i walked out of my job and quit, can my employer cut my pay to minimum wage! i did not giv...
do i have a case for wrongful demotion?
can an employer or co-worker touch or remove your personal belongings from your desk ?
abusive boss...is it harassment?
more »










have an employment law question?












home   ·   
	ask mel   ·   
	employment lawyers   ·   
	sign in   ·   
	join mel

mel is a service of neil klingshirn, board certified employment law specialist, serving clients in akron, canton, cambridge, cleveland, columbus, lorain, marietta, youngstown and wooster, ohio.
the information on mel is not legal advice, but general information related to legal issues commonly encountered. the law in your state may be different from that discussed here. the facts in your case may be different too. information on mel is public. do not disclose personal identifying information except to the extent necessary to ask mel a question. the information that you provide is subject to mel's privacy policy. your access to and use of this website is subject to additional terms of use.
© 2000-2025 neil klingshirn. all rights reserved.








ask a question, get an answer asap!






