








the leon audio co.   cue lights, speaker isolators, di boxes, audio splitters, theatre intercoms, speaker timers & power point remotes.




 






theatre,
broadcast and conference products


cue lights, di boxes, audio splitters, theatre intercoms, 
speaker timers, power point remotes and microphones.
 




16
channel theatre cue light



a visual signalling system for theatres that allows silent cues to be
given to actors and technicians. 

  16 channel master station.
 
control your cue lights from two master stations
simultaneously.
dual master details here (pages 14 &
15 from the user manual)
 
complete user manual here
 

standard cue light outstation

small foot-print outstation 

original small foot-print outstation

relay outstation 

contact sensor

work-light 

rs232/485 pc interface
 
 


unsolicited feedback from a repeat customer.
"here is to let you know
that the show we’ve been putting together for the past 13 months finally
opened last week and has been going extremely well.
both lighting crew and stage
management team who install and manipulate your cue light system are fully
satisfied and very happy with what we geared them with."
marc andré roy
lighting project manager
- chargé de projet éclairage
cirque du soleil

"we
absolutely love the system, it has been a great asset to the tour and the
flexibility it offers is spectacular!"
jeffrey chappell
cirque du soleil - kooza
head of lighting


an easy to use system allows cue lights to be daisy chained on a single
cable for fast setup.


up to 40 programmable cue lights.

multiple cue lights per channel.

2,000m (6500ft)+ total cable length.

2 master groups allow simple 1 button cues.

continuously monitors cables for faults.

all metal, low profile outstations have flush leds.

relay, beeper and work-light outstations available.

optional rs232/rs485 remote from your favorite show control software.

no ip networking required.



speaker
isolation module for 100v pa lines in secure areas


to prevent pa loudspeakers in a secure area from being used as microphones,
the speaker isolation module is installed within the secure area between
an incoming 100v speaker circuit and the speakers to be secured. the wiring
to the secured speakers is fully monitored.
the module can also be used on 70v systems.


speaker's
timer / conference timer


a versatile count down timer to indicate the time remaining for a speech.
has a remote display for the lectern and an optional display for the
a/v operator.


talkback
system / theatre intercom


talkback substation with vibrate and audible call indication.
compatible with clearcom.
a remote control unit enables extra features like global mic mute,
calls to 1 of 4 groups, mute all mics & open stage manager's mic with
1 button, and lots more.


camera
jib intercom system



two channel communication system for jib and crane cameras.
features include individual production and program level controls for
operator and grip(s), talkback level control, return vision and tally light
facilities. 12v battery or mains.
this product was custom designed by us for great location devices.
for further information and pricing please visit 
http://www.greatlocationdevices.com.au/equipment/comunications.html


12
channel media splitter


an audio distribution amplifier primarily designed to feed multiple
eng cameras from a single lectern microphone at media events.
balanced or unbalanced outputs adjustable from mic to line level. input
level control.
alignment oscillator and monitor speaker.


 



direct
inject boxes and line isolation transformers


active  
and   passive
direct inject boxes.



for those who discuss performance before they discuss price.
we would never build something of lesser quality to meet a price point.
our no compromise designs offer excellent sonic performance and very
high rejection of electrical noise caused by earth loops. a general purpose
passive model for every day work and an active model with an extremely
high input impedance ideally suited to the needs of piezo and other high
impedance pickups. both dis feature an earth lift switch that really does
work.
 



a dual channel passive di is also available. 
same specs and size as the single channel passive di.


line isolation transformer



a high performance line level isolation transformer designed for the
serious audio professional where sonic performance and freedom from earth
loops and ground noise is of utmost importance.
 



microphones


instrument microphones



the lsm50c, lsm900 and lsm1000 electret condenser microphones are high
performance omni-directional microphones designed for recording studio,
broadcast and sound reinforcement applications.


small windscreens(click
for dimensions)



windscreens to suit many tie-clip style mics.
packet of 10 for aud $25.00. 
postage within australia aud $5.00    other countries:
please contact us.
australian customers:  add 10% gst 
prices are in australian dollars.
 





interspace
industries





we are the australian and new zealand distributors for interspace industries
ltd, 
uk-based suppliers and manufacturers of cue lights, speaker timers,
pc balance box, wireless powerpoint control and presenter timers.
web: http://www.interspaceind.com
 





other


pre loved
pa equipment for sale
 
 
the classic
cohen microphone amplifer.
 
 
a couple of popular charts


 





contact
us



send us a message here
alternate email: leonaudio@gmail.com
skype: ian durieu
the leon audio company 
62 edgeware road, 
aldgate, 
south australia, 5154 
within australia:
phone:  (08) 8339 3865 
mobile:  0419 896 262
fax:  the fax machine has been retired to the museum.
international: 
phone:  +61 8 8339 3865
mobile (cell):  +61 419 896 262
fax:  the fax machine has been retired to the museum.
current local date and time:

 
australian business number:  86 293 234 700
| to top | 
 








copyright © 2024. the leon audio company. all rights
reserved.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


