
rustic spirit presents rustic adirondack mountain decorating arts and crafts period and arts and crafts movement home decorating clothing and jewelry













temporarily closed.  orders cannot be processed now.  we are working on a new more efficient system! sorry for any inconvenience.  please email us at info@rusticspirit.com with interest in our products. thank you
we usually ship once per week via usps priority mail which usually takes 2-3 business days from the ship date.


sorry but we are unable to sell items to people who have a foreign credit card and/or address.  since the banking privacy laws changed in 2005 we have not able to obtain full credit card approval which includes address verification. sorry for the disappointment. 


g






wallets-purses-handbags20% off !
arts & crafts and rustic books40 - 60% off books !
forest animal puppets-books20% off !
dishes-candleholders-twigware-linens
copper-linens-clocks-hooks



bronze-sterling-copper-pewter20% or more off!
pottery-tiles-vases-bowls
huge sale ! mirrors-clock-shelf
cards-fonts-journals-photo albums20% off !
?s-refund-return-privacy policy-shipping


www.seashellsetc.comsea shell jewelry
www.rootedinstone.comrooted in stone jewelry
www.historic-jewelry.comhistoric jewelry



thank you for your business !!
there are four ways to order: please either click on the order buttons provided for the fastest service, or email us:  info @ rusticspirit.com,  or mail us: po box 680490  park city, ut 84068  thank you for your business.  


email us





copyright 2001 - 2022 rustic spirit, l.l.c.


"never doubt that a small group of thoughtful citizens can change the world.
indeed, it is the only thing that ever has." margaret mead


"in our every deliberation, we must consider the impact of our decisions on the next seven generations." from the great law of the iroqois confederacy as quoted on seventh generation household products.


please recycle and conserve energy!!!we recycle everything we can - paper, cardboard, boxes, newspapers, plastic, aluminum cans, glass, non protein left over food (via composting) and those helpful packaging peanuts.  please do not drink bottled water because all the plastic bottles create huge landfills and the oil and energy needed to make a bottle is tremendous.  we try to reduce our energy consumption by doing simple things like turning off lights and equipment not in use and using energy efficient light bulbs.  when we drive we do multiple tasks at one time to conserve fuel.please help all of us by doing the same.  every little bit helps us all!
read more about bottled water from national geograhicthank you, rustic spirit




*



