


























sage truck driving school near you!


























































































home
cdl training

cdl training programs
class a
class b
refresher


admissions

admissions
tuition assistance
veterans


locations
corporate

company
fleets
defensive driving


blog
 


home
cdl training

cdl training programs
class a
class b
refresher


admissions

requirements
tuition assistance
veterans


locations
corporate

company
fleets
defensive driving


blog







request information






















 














 











your truck driving career
starts with sage truck driving schools
from training for your cdl to becoming employed as a professional driver, our school supports you every step of the way.





request information




first name(required)last name(required)email(required)

phone(required)zip code(required)best time to callbest time to callanytimemorningafternooneveningweekenddesired campus location(required)desired campus location*albuquerque, nmallentown, pabillings, mtblackfoot, idbloomsburg, pacaldwell, idcasper, wycheyenne, wycoeur d’alene, idcolumbia, scdallas, txdenver, coendicott, nyft. pierce, flgrand junction, cohouston, txidaho falls, idjacksonville, fllas vegas, nvmuncie, innew stanton, paphoenix, azrocky mount, ncrome, nysan antonio, txsalt lake city, uttampa, flconsent by checking this box, i consent to receive automated sms/text messages from sage. message & data rates may apply. messages are recurring. reply stop to opt-out anytime or help for assistance.by clicking the button and submitting this form, i agree to the privacy policy and terms of service located at
    https://sageschools.com/privacy-policy/,
    which i have read on this website. i also agree that a representative of sage truck driving schools may contact me
    via email, telephone, text (message & data rates may apply. messages are recurring.), via automatic telephone
    dialing system and/or artificial or prerecorded voice, for any purpose at the number and email i provided above. i
    understand i do not need to provide such consent to receive any good or service and that i may opt out at any time.
emailthis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
 

























class a and b cdl training

                        through our more than 25 locations in united states, our institution provides comprehensive class a and b cdl 
                        training courses. our programs prepare you to earn your commercial driver’s 
                        license and begin a great career in truck driving.
                    

convenient locations across the u.s.
easy access to our school facilities.


cdl training programs











trucking job placement assistance

                        we help sage students and graduates locate jobs by leveraging our network of local, regional, and national employers. our career services team assists with resume development, professional presentation, and interviewing skills. additionally, they help evaluate various aspects of potential employers, including benefits, compensation packages, equipment, and travel.
                     

our services include:

application and resume assistance: we help you fill out job applications and develop a compelling resume that highlights your skills and experiences.
interview preparation: our advisors provide coaching on professional presentation and interviewing techniques to help you make a great impression.
employer evaluation: we assist you in evaluating potential employers, considering factors like benefits, pay packages, equipment quality, and home time.
job offer analysis: we'll guide you through assessing the job offers you receive to ensure they meet your personal and professional needs.

trucking jobs









how to get a trucking job in just four steps









get your cdl permit

                            before you can begin the driver education for a commercial driver’s license (cdl), 
                            you first need to obtain a commercial learner’s permit (clp). we can help!
                        
continue









go to school

                            our flagship class a cdl program consists of 150 hours of instruction with a 
                            comprehensive curriculum that provides you with the knowledge and skills to 
                            become an entry-level, over-the-road truck driver.
                        
continue









take the cdl test

                            after graduating from our institution, you will take the 3-part cdl skills test. 
                            once you’ve passed and submitted the documentation to your state, 
                            you will have officially earned your cdl!
                        
continue









start your career

                            with your cdl and certification from our truck driver institute in hand, you are ready to work as a full time or part time truck driver. 
                            our employment assistance services are available to give you support as you start your new career.
                        
continue










start your journey with sage – enroll today!











 










why choose us? top of the commercial driving schools








a different experience





 a different experience


since 1989, our recognized truck driving schools have provided 
                        high quality, comprehensive professional tractor-trailer driver 
                        training to students and fleets across the country. thousands 
                        of students from all over the country have received cdl training 
                        by the highly qualified instructors. our mission is to make 
                        sure every student receives personal attention and hands-on training 
                        to make them the safest and most knowledgeable driver they can be.
                    







one student at a time





 one student at a time


our cdl training experience and national reputation set us apart from 
                        the competition. in our sage program, each student receives over the road training with an experienced instructor. there is never more than one student in a truck during road time. 
                        you won’t find groups of students crowded into a truck to watch the driver during 
                        “observation time.” we believe you learn to drive by driving, not watching.
                    







cdl training value





cdl training value


at sage, the focus is on you and your skills so you have the best chance of 
                        getting a great truck driver job. we value our students, their safety and 
                        their training. our institution does not compromise this to save money by training 
                        several students in a truck. your training is too important to us. our 
                        commitment to you is to do our best to provide the most value when you 
                        attend a sage school, meaning more driving time, more personal attention and more 
                        focus on your success. that’s our difference. contact us now to 
                        start the process.



































testimonials of our truck driving schools 




 a million thanks to all the cdl instructors for being on top of their
                                craft and passing that knowledge on to me, so that i may go on in becoming
                                a professional truck driver.  i want to tell everyone considering going to
                                a cdl training school to go to sage.  for many reasons, the location, the equipment,
                                but mainly the instructors give you the 1 on 1 training you will need to achieve your goals.
                                live in the present and go for it! if i can do it, so can you. trust the process! do it.
                               


- rose h



 i had the incredible privilege of attending to this place where i had the opportunity to
                                learn from a team of exceptional professors, with jeff being one of them. i cannot be
                                more happy for choosing this school. the dedication and commitment displayed by the professors
                                are truly remarkable, and their efforts in shaping us into professional truck drivers
                                were outstanding.


- juan mella



 hello everyone. i am very proud of the achievements that i was able to obtained with
                                sage at lcti. i truly recommend this school to everyone who would like to get their cdl.
                                they have the very best instructors. and they teach you the proper way for you to succeed
                                when you go out in the road. sage at lcti you all rock.


- nehemias gonzalez




tim and everyone at sage were very upfront, very thorough and so easy to get along with.
                                i was behind the wheel training a week after my initial phone call. no hassle! no misleading
                                information! and very easy to get along with. they are in direct contact with fmcsa and update
                                your information very promptly. the trainer’s and testers are  very down to earth. i couldn’t have
                                asked for a better experience! and the prices are very reasonable as well as no hidden fees ! thank you to everyone!
                                


- ray webber












get hands-on experience – join our program!









study with prodriveru
when you become a sage student, you gain 
                        full access to  prodriveru – one of the leading resources for cdl training and testing.  this learning tool allows you to study at home using a comprehensive curriculum that meets all eldt requirements for the theory training portion necessary to take a cdl skills exam. prodriveru is just one more way sage helps you get the best possible truck driving education as you prepare for your new career!
                    











trucking schools near you find training locations
nationwide reach
our truck driving schools are located all across the country. 
                    with multiple locations, you can train from one of the best in the industry
                
denver, co | grand junction, co | ft. pierce, fl | tampa, fl | blackfoot, id | caldwell, id | coeur d’alene, id | idaho falls, id | muncie, in | billings, mt | endicott, ny | rome, ny | rocky mount, nc | allentown, pa | bloomsburg, pa | lebanon, pa | new stanton, pa | camp hill, pa | columbia, sc | san antonio, tx | salt lake city, ut | casper, wy | cheyenne, wy
find a location near you!













proud to partner with











 


















home
cdl training



admissions
admissions
tuition assistance
veterans
consumer information
locations
trucking jobs



corporate training
company cdl coaching
fleets
defensive driving lessons
oilfield driver training
commercial vehicle consulting



blog
media requests
privacy policy and terms of service
statement of non-discrimination


















				all programs are not available at all locations. length of program may vary based on location. one-on-one over the road, on the road training varies by location. sage does not promise or guarantee employment to any student or graduate. financial options are available for those who qualify.
			




© 2025 sage truck schools is a division of iec us holdings, inc.    |    all rights reserved.    |   terms of service & privacy policy
           |    do not sell my personal information    |    
 ccpa request form
© 2025 sage truck schools is a division of iec us holdings, inc.   
      all rights reserved.    |   
      privacy policy & terms of service    |   
      do not share my personal information    |   
     ccpa request form









×



sage truck driving schools  ccpa request

              please complete the form below detailing your request. fields with an asterisk (*) are
              required fields to submit the form. we will confirm our receipt of your request at the email
              address provided below and will call you within 10 days to verify your identity before processing
              your request. we cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot
              verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information relates
              to you. we endeavor to respond to a verifiable consumer request within forty-five (45) days of its
              receipt. if we require more time (up to 90 days), we will inform you of the reason and extension
              period in writing. there is no fee for normal, reasonable requests; however, we reserve the right
              to charge a reasonable fee for requests that are manifestly unfounded, excessive or repetitive. please
              note that these rights apply only to select california consumers and exclude applicants, employees,
              and business contacts. only you, or a person registered with the california secretary of state that
              you authorize to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal
              information.
            




"*" indicates required fields

consumer name*last name*address*addresscity*state / province / region*zip code*country*countryfirst choicesecond choicethird choicecurrent email address*

student email address (if different/applicable)

phone number*student id number (if applicable)type of request*first choicesecond choicethird choicedescribe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond  to it.*i am*first choicesecond choicethird choicestate of residency*first choicesecond choicethird choiceconfirmed true information


i declare that the information provided is correct to the best of my knowledge, and that i am entitled  to make the request identified above.
consent by checking this box, i consent to receive automated sms/text messages from sage. message & data rates may apply. messages are recurring. reply stop to opt-out anytime or help for assistance.by clicking the button and submitting this form, i agree to the privacy policy and terms of service located at
    https://sageschools.com/privacy-policy/,
    which i have read on this website. i also agree that a representative of sage truck driving schools may contact me
    via email, telephone, text (message & data rates may apply. messages are recurring.), via automatic telephone
    dialing system and/or artificial or prerecorded voice, for any purpose at the number and email i provided above. i
    understand i do not need to provide such consent to receive any good or service and that i may opt out at any time.
commentsthis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
  

























we are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website.you can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in settings.


accept

 





































change cookie settings







close gdpr cookie settings






 


notice of right to opt out




strictly necessary cookies





 








notice of right to opt out

third-party cookies and sharing
like many companies, we allow certain third-party advertising partners to place tracking technology such as cookies and pixels on our websites. this technology allows these advertising partners to receive information about your activities on our website, which is then associated with your browser, device, or online identifier. these companies may use this data to serve you more relevant ads as you browse the internet.  
your right to opt-out
under california privacy law, you have the right to opt out of sharing data for targeted online advertising.  you can exercise your right to opt-out by clicking do not share my personal information.  if you opt-out, you will still see ads but they will not be personalized based on your online activity. please note that if you disable your cookies or upgrade your browser after opting out, you will need to opt-out again. further, if you use multiple browsers or devices you will need to execute this opt-out on each browser or device.  additionally, when we detect a global privacy control (gpc) signal from a user’s browser within california, we stop sharing the user’s personal information online with other companies (except with our service providers). you can learn more about the gpc and how to enable it in your browser from the global privacy control website. 
you can also generally opt-out of receiving targeted ads from third-party advertisers and ad networks who are members of the network advertising initiative (nai) by visiting http://optout.networkadvertising.org/. you may opt-out of receiving targeted advertisements from other companies that perform interest-based advertising services, including some that we may work with, via the digital advertising alliance (daa) site at http://optout.aboutads.info/. 
privacy policy
for further details on how we use your personal information, please review our privacy policy.





strictly necessary cookies

strictly necessary cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.




enable or disable cookies










if you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. this means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.












enable all
save changes

 














