
dancesport uk - dance shoes, dancewear, apparel, supplier online uk












for search facilities visit our newer site at www.dancesport-uk.com
















dance shoes, dancewear, clothing, apparel & accessories supplier
uk oldest ballroom and latin website
est.1995







photo of the moment







dance shoes |
dancewear |
dvds |
music cds |
books |
fake tan |
costumes for sale ads |
contact us









what's new

regular features





new for christmas and new year 2025 all shiny sparkle, stretchy jacket shirt for men.
great for evening party leaders and latin dancers. available now.
check it out

january sale
we have just added a lot of new items to our sale pages. these are
one-off special offers from various departments. stocks are limited, so hurry! first come first served!


dancewear sale additional price cuts and new items added.
shoe sale perfectly good shoes, some top of the range.
dvd sale world super stars, blackpool, uk open and more dvds. last few copies!
music cds by casa musica, wrd, dancelife free shipping in uk



zem dancewear range is unique, as any item can be delivered exactly to match your size in
every body part. we produce 128 or 256 sizes in any garment!
even if you are not proportionally built you can still get a garment to fit you.
check our collections at zem dancesport uk full collection


our best selling ballroom competition shirt now in new, improved fitting with slimmer standup collar
following a feedback from dancers we have improved our ms052 ballroom competition shirt.
the standup collar is 3cm wide, so the shirt can be used
with 3.5cm and 4.5cm wide plastic or cotton collars. the quality still remains excellent
as before. if none of the standard sizes fits you, we can also custom make it to your measurements.
for more info see
mens ballroom shirts page


congratulations to the new, 2023 british figure skating runners-up (vice-champions).
the man is wearing zem dancesport uk black full body vest e-mb176 and mesh open front top e-mt177.
these pieces are available from our mens latin shirts page


zem dancewear special projects for dance teams and individuals.
summer is a good time to plan your special out fits for autumn shows and performances. we will
transform your visions into reality using high quality, easy care, non crease fabrics.
let us know what you need to be made for your team by contacting
sales@zem.co.uk you may have a look at our
previous customer driven projects



we remind everyone that we also have a newer website
www.dancesport-uk.com with better search facility,
where you can find products by product code. the newer website is hosted on a different server
than this one. if you experience any technical issues at the checkout you can

use www.dancesport-uk.com instead
email your order (except credit card number!) to sales@zem.co.uk
call us on 020 8568 0083 or 07863 101960


zem dancewear wholesale now open
attention dance schools and independent resellers: we have increased our dancewear production
capacity and we are now able to offer our clothing at wholesale terms with wholesale
discounts if you order min. 10 garments. this wholesale offer relates to all items you can find in
zem dancewear section. please ask for more details by contacting
sales@zem.co.uk


elegant and stretchy ballroom waistcoats
our collection of mens waistcoats for ballroom and social dancing is now second to none.
stretchy versions, with and without buttons, with and without lapel, short and long!
any waistcoat you can think of we probably have it! for any waistcoat you can also have a matching
pair of most comfortable trousers from the same fabric.
check it out now


aery jo tanning makeup is back in stock
after a period of turbulence we are happy to announce the return of aery jo tanning makeup. dancers
favourite tan, which will not stain your costume.
colour no. 2 topaz samba (best for ballroom), no. 3 garnet stone (best for latin),
and no. 5 brown stone the same colour as no. 3 garnet stone, but without glitter.
more info and ordering


argentine tango dresses we have created and built up quite sizeable collection of
affordable tango dresses for social events and for shows. you must not miss it.
check it out now

zem dancesport uk dancewear - made in our production facility in london going from strength to strength our
catalogue of locally made dancewear has grown to over 200 designs for men and ladies, young and old.
any of our designs can be customised by choosing a non-standard colour fabric,
adding special decorations and/or can be made to custom size. our current stock collection includes:



social dancing styles for ladies
multi dance style dancewear for ladies
ballroom dancewear ladies
latin dancewear for ladies
argentine tango dancewear for ladies
practice and exercise wear for ladies
showtime dancewear
bra solutions and dance underwear for ladies
dancewear for girls
trousers for men
ballroom shirts, waistcoats, jackets for men
latin shirts for men
dancewear for boys

apart from making regular stock items we undertake special design projects for dance groups,
theatre performers, ice skaters and other artists. our costumes have been used in 3 professional
theatres, on 2 ice rinks, and on numerous dance floors around uk and worldwide. if you are looking for
a performance outfit check
zem dancesport uk custom made dancewear


we ship to all countries of the world. please note updated shipping prices:

united kingdom -> 1st item £4.95 then £1.00 per item
europe by post (10-12 days) -> 1st item £14.00 then £5.00 per item
europe by courier (3-5 days) -> 1st item £25 then £5 per item
rest of the world (not shoes) by post (10-14 days) -> 1st item £18 then £5.00 per item
rest of the world (shoes) by post (10-14 days) -> 1st item £20 then £10.00 per item
rest of the world by courier (3-5 days) -> 1st item £32 then £7.00 per item
in fact there are many more tariffs we can use, but not all countries are the same.
it would be too long list to publish all options here. if you need an item by a specific deadline
please enquire by sending an email to sales@zem.co.uk saying
what items you require, what your deadline is, what country you are in and what your postcode is.
we will then find the best and the lowest cost shipping method for you.

the above prices are based on average item weight and are computer estimated. sometimes they shipping
cost may be overestimated. if you think your shipping is overestimated contact
sales@zem.co.uk.
we will look into it and adjust down manually if possible.

if you are ordering goods and have a deadline for receiving them you must tell us about it at the time
of ordering using comments box at the checkout. this allows us to let you know if your deadline can not
be met and gives you time to find alternative product.


bespoke outfits from your design or picture did you know we can produce a bespoke outfit exactly
in the design you would like to your size from your design sketch or a picture? yes, that's right.
the only thing we do not do is we do not glue rhinestones. if you would like rhinestones you will
need to find someone else to add them on at the end.

for a free, no obligation quote send a picture of your dream outfit or a hand made sketch to eva
sales@zem.co.uk


handy partner - a solution for a dancer stuck at home handy partner is a lightweight, soft doll
with a height of an average female 5ft 5in. she/he can be your dance partner when you are
stuck at home in a quarantine and miss your dance classes or practice sessions. she/he will always
be ready and you can attempt even the most extreme and dangerous moves with her.
for single dance teachers handy partner can be a useful prop offering the additional pair of legs
allowing you to show your student a figure that requires four legs. without a doubt handy partner is
a fun and a new level of enjoyment injhected into a lesson, but it has a serious application.
as a follower she will not help you in leading and will not pull you down, so you can see the true
results of your leads..

for more info see more about our handy partner (tm)


dancebox new york collection by beata paderewska
we are pround to present the latest dancebox collection of high class practice and lower grade
competition wear. we didvided this collection into three sections:

for ballroom ladies
for latin ladies
multi-style ladies garments

for even more choices visit our dancewear dept.


dresses that change during the performance make the audience go "wow!"
amersham a cappella, a 76-people chorus win a gold medal at the prestigious labbs chorus competition
wearing our design dresses that suddenly change during the performance. you can now
watch amerhsam a cappella two song
performance on youtube

would you like a costume that changes during the performance? for more info about our special
costume projects visit
custom made performance outfits


new: heavenly stretchy warm up / cool down jacket and trousers build a deeper sense of
partnership by wearing the same "before and after dancing" jacket with your partner. very practical
piece of everyday practice wear, this zip front jacket is made from the same fabric as our so popular
heavenly stretchy mens practice trousers e-mtr142. this is a unisex jacket
available in both mens and ladies sizes. it can be made with your logo embroidered on it.
for more info go to
zem dancesport uk practice wear


aery jo tanning make-up is now in its new, improved formula and lower price too!
the best selling dancers favourite tanning make-up aery jo is now available from us in its second,
improved formula and in 3 colours: no.2 topaz samba, no.3 garnet stone and no.5 brown stone.
aery jo is a very highly regarded tanning make-up. for more info
check it out here


bra solution for dancing in low back/open back dresses new for 2019: we are very happy to present our latest development,
the ingenious criss-cross bra.

with this bra you can wear low back dresses and still feel absolutely secure and comfortable.
it is suitable for low back dresses, halterneck dresses and dresses with exposed shoulders, where
a normal bra can not be used. apart from the fact that you can wear it in 3 different ways, you can
also purchase additional shoulder straps in alternative colours (black, flesh, clear) and use one
criss-cross bra, for example flesh, with black dresses with shoulders on.

the criss-cross bra is a result of long research and development
process and after many tests carried out by our female dancing friends we can say with
confidence: you will not be disappointed.
check our criss-cross bra and more underwear


heavenly stretchy waistcoat and heavenly stretchy trousers following the success of our
heavenly stretchy mens practice trousers and responding to popular demand we are now instroducing
heavenly stretchy practice waistcoat to match them! both pieces offer unparrarel comfort of wearing,
and easy care. they are machine washable, dry quickly and do not require ironing. the fabric is stretchy
in all directions and very hardwearing, meaning a long life. very reasonable price
under £50 per piece excl.vat is also on the list of their qualities. 
check our mens trousers collection and
mens shirts and waistcoats collection
for even more choices visit our dancewear dept.


is it a jacket or is it a shirt? it is our new jacket style shirt!
looks as smart as a jacket, but is as light and comfortable as a shirt. it is available in
stretch crepe and lace or velvet or light reflecting fabric.
check our mens latin shirts collection or
for even more choices visit our dancewear dept.


dancecos tan dance fluid is the european answer to the asian
aery jo tanning makeup, which has been ballroom and latin dancers most popular face tanning product
until now. dancecos tan dance fluid is flawless skin makeup designed for the face, which can
be also used on the neck and body as well. washes off with soap and water or makeup remover.

dancecos is a product similar to aery jo tanning make-up, slightly lighter in colour.
more info about dancecos tan dance fluid
more info about aery jo tanning make-up

for even more choices visit our fake tan dept.


mens latin shirts built on boxer shorts and in classic edition to be worn outside
our collection of mens shirts for latin competitions and practice has grown to over 30 models by now.
all shirts are made from very stretchy fabrics, typically crepe, which is not only stretchy, but also
soft in touch and easy care: machine washable, dries quickly and does not require ironing.
all our dancewear is produced locally in london. our mens shirts are made in chest sizes
from 34" to 42" and custom sizes are possible as a special order requiring approx week for production.
check out our range of mens latin shirts and tops

for even more choices visit our dancewear dept.


walter laird technique of latin dancing now available as a dvd the iconic walter laird technique
book, which for 50 years has only been available as a printed book has now come to life being
re-released as a dvd. the technique is demonstrated by neil jones and elaterina jones, britains top
professional latin couple nowadays. check walter laird
latin technique set of 5 dvd now.
for even more similar dvd releases visit our dvd dept.


boys competition shirts and trousers 
we are pleased to announce our new products for boys now available from stock!
boys full body competition shirts with zip and buttons available in collar sizes from 11.5" to 14".
boys ballroom/latin trousers in sizes from 22" to 27" waist.
for more info check boys dancewear by zem page.
for even more choices visit our dancewear dept.


over 30 designs of mens latin shirts now available
our collection of mens shirts has grown
very significantly. some of them are built on boxer shorts and some are designed to be worn over
your trousers. please have a look at
our mens latin shirts.

we also developed very practical elasticated mens practice trousers which look like formal trousers
from a distance, but feel like your exercise trousers. check our
mens practice trousers.
for even more products visit our dancewear dept

vegan dance shoes now available!
good news for vegans! you can now order any international shoe model with vegan soles!
that applies to international
ladies ballroom shoes |
ladies latin shoes |
ladies practice shoes |
mens ballroom shoes |
mens latin shoes |
boys shoes |
girls shoes

vegan soles are made as a special order, subject of 4-5 weeks production time.
before the website is fully updated please mention vegan soles request in the comments section or
send a separate message. for more options visit our virtual shoe shop


valse nocturne collection by beata paderewska of dancebox
many months of works went into the design and creation of this collection,  but the results are
just fantastic! there is inspiring new dancewear valse nocturne for ballroom ladies
and valse nocturne for latin ladies.
check also dancebox previous collections for ballroom ladies
and for latin ladies.
for even more choices visit our dancewear dept.


new generation of high tech latin sandals from ray rose ray rose, highly praised by
competitive dancers for their high quality, soft shoes have now developed
a newer, high tech range of ladies latin sandals called x-range. all shoes in ray rose x-range
have an ergonomically designed extra supportive arch with a flexible front
as well as the latest triathlon grade heel support.
for more info check ray rose x-range latin sandals or
visit our virtual shoe shop

cheap british pound makes shopping in uk cheap for overseas customers
since the brexit vote british pound lost around 20% of its value.
it may be bad news for the british, but for customers from other countries shopping in uk
has became the cheapest it has been for 30 years!
why not take an advantage of the low value of the pound sterling? shop in uk now.

great sale of instructional, competition and show dvds from 2004-2014
we are now having a great clearance of dancesport dvds made between 2004 and 2014 by studio himawari,
dsi, world super stars, quasar video and some other publishers. this can be the last chance ever
to get hold of some iconic performances by iconic dancers. when they are gone they will not
come back! for more info check our special dvd sale page


santoria cavessa collection
for the last 10 years santoria has been creating beautiful and innovative dancewear collections for ladies.
this year marking their 10th anniversary on the market santoria presents their latest cavessa collection
for ballroom ladies and for latin ladies
for more info visit our dancewear dept.


supadance shoes now available with your choice of buckles and without surcharges for special orders!
any shoes with buckles can now be ordered either with traditional buckles or with hook buckles.
and the best of all: with effect from today there are no special order surcharges on supadance
shoes!
supadance black sequin training shoe now available from us.
for more shoe styles visit our virtual shoe shop


debut of the year...and the winner is dancebox! we are happy to introduce
a new clothing manufacturer with their innovateive, fresh collection of ladies dancewear made in most
body friendly liquid silk fabric. as soon as you try one piece you will want another one!
there is a large choice of bodies as well as skirts and tops
for latin ladies and
for ballroom ladies.
for more info visit our dancewear dept.


rs atelier menswear and ladies wear now available on dancesport uk - rs atelier is an italian company designing
and making very high end, high quality dancewear for dance practice and competitions.
we are pround to announce that working in partnership with rs atelier we are now able to
offer rs atelier products to you. there is a classy range of
menswear for ballroom,
high end range of menswear for latin.

now also a classy range of ladies ballroom dancewear.
for more products visit our dancewear department


topline dance frame - revolutionary training aid the topline dance frame has been
invented a couple of years ago, but some people were sceptical at first. the results of
dance competitions over the last year or two have proven however that this frame improved
the stance of those who used it as a training aid. the conclusion is now clear: it works!
wear it regulary for your practice and your top line will be transformed from average
to immaculate. topline dance frame is now available from us.
... more info about topline dance frame

michael and joanna champion wear. new trends in latin practicewear are visible
in this collection inspired and influenced by the iconic professional latin champions
michael malitowski and joanna leunis. the collection was first shown in blackpool during
the british open dance championships and was an instant hit. there is something
for latin ladies and
for latin men in it. all items are made in the highest
quality stretchy fabrics soft to the body. for more info visit
our dancewear department


the launch of michael and joanna champion wear collection coincides with the announcement
of their retirement from competitive scene after being an undefeated professional latin champions
for 8 years! this created a big demand for michael and joanna in any form. we also offer
their dvds, namely:

through the eyes of michael and joanna dvd
switch on your connection dvd
a technique of advanced latin-american figures dvd


dance without stress - new book of the year!
the second book book written by maximiliaan winkelhuis, the author of the best selling
dance to your maximum, which used to be the book of the year for 5 years! "dance without
stress" is a further development of the ideas from "dance to your maximum". free yourself
from dance stress, enjoy your performance and become a happier dancer!
for more info visit our books department

gift vouchers available
not sure what would be the best present to buy for your dancing friends? why not present
them with a dancesport uk gift voucher? we can send you an old-fashioned, paper based gift
voucher to your postal address or a digital voucher (email with discount code).
for more info and to order one please phone eva on 020 85680083


learn salsa with an excellent, newly released dvida salsa syllabus course on dvd
the latest addition to our dvd department is a truly excellent 3-level salsa tutorial. it offers both the
syllabus and very good technique training. but best of all the whole training is based on
"on 1" style (man starts left foot forward on 1 for forward break). this style has established
itself as the dominating salsa style nowadays.
the syllabus covers bronze, silver and gold level and the explanation of the technique has an
excellent attention to detail. satisfaction guaranteed!
for more info or to order check dvida salsa syllabus
or visit our dvd department


2014 world super stars  the most awaited event of the year. the famous world super star
festival held in tokyo every year since 1997 presents the world's top 6 professional
ballroom and latin couples in breathtaking shows with amazing lighting and costume changes.
we are now selling 2014 world super star standard dvd
and 2014 world super star latin dvd

we also have some copies of previous years' world super stars dance festival
at reduced prices on our dvd sale stock.
for more fantastic dvds visit our dvd department


authentic 1950s style rock'n'roll - a treasure found in the archives
in the era of so many new dance styles cropping up, the authentic rock'n'roll was in danger of
being forgotten. but by some pure luck an old vhs tape has been found
in the archives and transferred to dvd. now you too can learn this incredible, classic dance with
help of our new dvd authentic rock'n'roll dvd beginners to advanced
taught by bill and rosemary oaks, undefeated rock'n'roll champions.
for more info visit our dvd department

len goodman - latin variations for classwork this is another new dvd release, highly recommended
for teachers looking for new ideas and routines. len goodman presents 24 fresh and innovative,
but not too demanding routines for all latin-american dances. see
len goodman - latin variations for classwork dvd.
for more titles visit our dvd department


final clearance of hair pieces by tamishyo of japan
we are now having a sale of detachable hair pieces for the front and back of the head.
all substantially reduced in price. attach and detach these pieces to create amazing,
professionally looking hairstyles for competitions, shows or special events. perfect
hair style in a few minutes! looks and feels
like natural hair. but hurry! stocks are limited and some colours already sold out
...see more info
or visit our hair pieces dept.

end of studio himawari dvds 
when studio himawari, world's biggest developer of dancesport instructional dvds decided
to discontinue their dvd production, it marked the end of an era of wonderful releases with
world's best dance teachers so many dancers benefited from. a list of titles now completely sold
out is too long to mention here. there are only few titles we still have some stock of:


the last comprehensive latin syllabus dvd is new abc's of latin with corky ballas, michael wentink and kristina
the last latin choreography dvd is secrets of latin with paul killick and hanna karttunen
the last ballroom inspirational dvd is artistic approach with luca and loraine baricchi

for more info and/or to order visit our dvd dept.


ray rose shoes now available on dancesport uk we are very happy to announce that we are
now partners with ray rose, the manufacturer of probably the most professional and most competitive
dance shoes on the market today. ray rose have been bryan watson's and carmen's favourite shoes throughout
their professional careers and helped them win the world championship title 9 times!
you can now check ray rose ladies latin,
ladies ballroom
men latin,
men ballroom,
girls and  boys.
for more shoe styles visit our virtual shoe shop


dancecos tanning products back in stock by popular demand we have now re-stocked the
best selling dancecos fake tan products, still at competitive prices.
for more info see dancecos tanning products

preparing for blackpool dance festival?.
we are having a great clearance of top quality dvds including all previous year blackpool dvds,
which may prove very helpful in preparation to the next blackpool festival. you may be able to check
who you will be competing against. see our dvd sale list
or visit our dvd dept.


dance legends dvd - great gift idea if you enjoyed watching
world super stars dvds, then dance legends will be an equal or even better treat!
a new dance super show event started in new york attracting 10 of the absolutely best
couples of the world, who gave performances of their life. now you can see it all with your
own eyes recorded on two dvds. we guarantee you will be amazed.
... more about dance legends 2013 dvds 
... more about dance legends 2012 dvds 
or visit our dvds department


santoria silva collection. sophisticated yet practical dancewear collection
is now available from us! when it comes to ladies dancewear santoria established themselves as
leaders in trend setting and practical designs.
in this collection you will find comfortable and great looking practicewear
for ballroom ladies and
for latin ladies. for more info visit our
dancewear dept.

insurance for dance teachers when looking to insure a profession like dance teaching it
is much more complicated than simply insuring your house or your car, though no less important.
it can be difficult to get your head around the different covers on offer
...more


rhythm to result cds learning how to listen to the music and how to find the right beat is
often a great challenge for beginners and it can take a long time before it comes naturally.
but there is help. rhythm to result cds are a great teaching tool offering rhythm only recordings
and voice counts for any particular dance. you can learn how to listen to the music by practicing
to a single instrument characteristic to the dance. the cds also offer voice counting, so a dance
teacher can save one's own throat! we also have 18 new music cd releases. when was the last time you
updated your cd collection? for more info and/or to order visit
our music dept.

dance to your maximum since its first publication approx. 5 years ago this book has become
a bible for competitive dancers all over the world. we are proud to announce
we now have in stock its 2nd edition, now in hard cover.
for more info see dance to your maximum book
or visit our books dept.


the official idta technique of ballroom dancing by guy howard is now available on dvd!
it is a breakthrough dvd. the ballroom dancing community has had to wait for 50 years for this release.
now learning the official ballroom technique can be achieved five times faster, as students
and teachers do not have to visualise the steps from boring tables in a book. it has come alive
for us all, with the wonderful demonstration of david sycamore and denise weavers, five times world
and european 10-dance champions.
...more about this release
for more dvds visit our dvd department


musicality by arunas bizokas and katusha demidova with commentary
by geoffrey hearn. if you are looking for new ideas for content-full, action-packed,
danceable, advanced ballroom groups with top of the world demonstration available in slow motion -
you have just found it! now in stock and shipping.
for more info visit our dvd department


advanced latin-american technique after the advanced standard ballroom technique
with mirko gozzoli and alessia betti released in 2010 the world has been screaming for the equivalent
dvd with latin-american technique. finally now these requests have been answered and
we have the advanced latin-american tecnique demonstrated by michael malitowski and
joanna leunis. a delightful, highly educational release.
...visit our dvd department

oliver wessel-therhorn 1960-2010 following the sudden passing away of this great
teacher and lecturer at the age of 50, a collection of 8 lectures showcasing his
talents has been put on dvd. all profits from the sale of this release are directed to the
oliver wessel-therhorn trust fund for the continuance of his two children.
for more info visit our dvd department

shopping with even more confidence:
we have extended our return period from 30 to 60 days, so if the items do not fit you can
return them for exchange or refund within 60 days from invoice date, no questions asked.
all we require is that the items have not been used and are returned in resalable condition
quoting your original order number.
full terms of business


the irvine's legacy is a new double dvd (and a book) release compiled by
oliver wessel-therhorn with william pino and alessandra buciarelli as supporting actors.
do not think it is just a celebration of bill and bobbie's memory, this is actually a very
educational dvd containing a vast compedium of knowledge you would normally acquire only by
taking a large number of private lessons with bill or bobbie. we give it 10 out of 10.
for more info and to order visit our video/dvd dept.

a technique of advanced standard ballroom figures the dvd the whole ballroom
industry has been waiting for for decades! a visual reference book
showing 97 advanced ballroom figures categorised by geoffrey hearn and beautifully demonstrated by mirko gozzoli
and alessia betti. this dvd is becoming the new ballroom bible. for more info visit our
video and dvd dept..


25 years of internet trading being one of the oldest companies in the world
promoting dancesport on the internet since 1995, zem software - dancesport uk fusion is
celebrating the 25th anniversary in business. during those 25 years we had over 5 million website
visitors and had the visitors counter lost and restarted three times during various system upgrades.
we sent over 75,000 parcels with various dance related items to 23 countries of the world.
many thanks to all of you for so many years of continued support.

dancesport uk does not send any unsolicited emails
we are frustrated to hear that some people received spam apparently signed by zem or dancesport uk
webmaster. please be assured we do not send spam or any unsolicited emails to anyone.
if you received such message in the last few weeks please report it to
webmaster@zem.co.uk to help us investigate who sends them.


donations and payments for miscellaneous services

if you would like to make a donation or submit payment for another service please select
an amount and proceed to the shopping cart like you proceed when ordering goods in online shop




select service level and amount
miscellaneous services £5.00
miscellaneous services £10.00
miscellaneous services £20.00
miscellaneous services £50.00
miscellaneous services £75.00
miscellaneous services £100.00







about us
abc for newcomers

dance shoes
dylon for dying satin shoes
dance wear 
hair pieces 
dvds (still in stock)
music cds 
books 
accessories (fake tan etc.) 
old calendars

costumes for sale (dancers ads) 

partners wanted 

dancesportinfo.net 
eada

blackpool dance festival
the best comps 

top professionals/teachers
dance studios in uk
dance studios worldwide

photo archive 

dancing tid-bits archives

other dance suppliers

worldwide links 

webmasters/trade only 

terms of business 

contact us 




accommodation for dancers

we organise affordable
quality accommodation
for dancers from
all over the world in london.
our accommodations are
close to all dance studios!
pls contact: elle jones
07934195943 whatsapp
dancelondon4@gmail.com









dancesport uk is owned and run by zem software ltd. and any purchases
are charged by zem software ltd. we are selling the products of supadance, freed, dancesport
international, dsi, dansport, international dance shoes, rummos, tango, chrisanne, choice,
swarovski and other companies. we are however not dancesport international, dsi, or any other
company with a similar sounding name.

for uk and eu customers prices are subject of vat at 20%, except on books and children items,
which are exempt from vat . full terms of business






© 1995-2005 zem software ltd. all rights reserved.
webmaster@zem.co.uk



