







lamb & lion inn | luxury cape cod historic inn












































  








the best rates are right here!rooms & ratesraves & reviewswellness, packages, freebieswellness studiopackagesfree self-guided driving tourssomething completely differentphotoscome. sit. stay.contactdirections
rooms & ratesraves & reviewswellness, packages, freebieswellness studiopackagesfree self-guided driving tourssomething completely differentphotoscome. sit. stay.contactdirectionsbook nowrooms & ratesraves & reviewswellness, packages, freebieswellness studiopackagesfree self-guided driving tourssomething completely differentphotoscome. sit. stay.contactdirections
rooms & ratesraves & reviewswellness, packages, freebieswellness studiopackagesfree self-guided driving tourssomething completely differentphotoscome. sit. stay.contactdirectionsbook nowgo to your happy place a classic cape cod inn with the spirit of a small luxury hotel check outour roomsbring your best friendpet friendlypropertylive coastal relaxationcheck out our wellness studioexplore the capecheck out the areado it all ocean-sidecheck out our packagesheavy
best mid-cape b&b / inn, 12 yrs!cape cod life“a classic cape cod inn with the spirit of a small luxury hotel.”road & travel“one of the top 12 pet friendly properties in the world.”cnn a year-round cape cod bed and breakfast experience …re-imaginedlet’s say you have always been about social distancing, and don’t want to be told what time to eat breakfast, love your privacy, and don’t want to fret about constantly bumping into other guests or waking the innkeepers when returning from a late night out… meanwhile, they are dreaming of the “b&b experience,” with beautiful furnishings, a wood-burning fireplace suite and making new friends by the pool.​  the award-winning, “pet-friendly” lamb and lion inn features ultimate guest privacy and multiple separate guests entrances & exits, while maintaining that familiar b&b warmth. located on 4 acres in the heart of historic cape cod bay, the inn is two minutes from barnstable village’s shops, restaurants, waterfront dining and whale watch boat, a short walk to a sunset beach and hiking trails, and a ten minute drive to the island ferries and hyannis’ nightlife. the inn dates back to a 1740 farm house with horse stables (now suites) and features the original 1740 barn, and a fun and relaxed central courtyard, which became a favorite kennedy family hang out!       covid-19 inn updates! our guest’s safety is paramount. the inn has received a “5 star” cleanliness rating for over 21 years! all units are cleaned, sanitized & disinfected before check-in. the inn has multiple separate guest entrances and self sufficient suites with kitchens for ultimate guest privacy. the inn is state and federal “board of health” food, health & safety licensed & approved, and passes 8 required health and safety inspections yearly. we utilize in-house commercial laundry machines and the highest rated commercial cleaning products. hepa filters and  germicidal lamps are utilized. currently  our “help yourself” continental breakfast is not available. doesn’t your pet deserve a vacation!?!   “2020 winner ~ best mid-cape pet friendly lodging” cape cod life magazinepet etiquette & policiestripadvisor “hall of fame” 2015-2020“traveler’s choice award ~ 2020”  2020 gold winner“best mid-cape b&b/inn”2008-2017, 2018, 2019, 2020  accommodations all accommodations, whether a room, a suite, converted 1700’s horse-stable or an antique 1740 barn are all incredibly clean and sterile and feature top-of-the-line linens, comfortable sitting areas, a/c, tv/dvd, free wi-fi, and private, in-room baths. you’re always a cannonball away from the solar-heated, salt water pool, the year-round hot tub, and outdoor wood-burning fireplace. see accommodations  extras, perks, & freebies extras include free self-guided driving tours (social distancing can be fun!), pool-side seating, rooms with gas stoves, suites with “real” wood-burning fireplaces, unique packages, free use of beach chairs, umbrellas and coolers, discounted whale watching and island ferry tickets. see extras, perks, & freebies you’ll get the lowest rates right here.  virtual tourrooms and ratesraves & reviewsblogbuy a gift certificatewellness, packages, freebiesphotoscome. sit. stay.ada/accessibility statementcontactlamb and lion innpo box 5112504 main streetbarnstable, ma 02630508-362-6823copyright © 2020 lamb and lion inn. all rights reserved. | privacy policysimple software for innkeepers by odysys






