


primitive stencils - free primitive stencil












wall stencils for home decor, alphabet 
			stencils for primitive sign making, sign stencils, colonial and folk 
			art stencils



























 






site map






















site map
         
					


view cart        
					



































												
													welcome to primitive designs stencil company.  we specialize in primitive alphabet stencils used for sign making or wall personalization, primitive design stencils, folk art stencils, colonial stencils, americana stencils and so much more!   
													
													our years of experience allow us to have an  understanding of what our customers need when working with custom stencils. we offer an  online custom stencil designer, which allows you to design your very own stencil. throughout the years we have worked with large corporations, small businesses and individuals who want to add a special touch of personalization to their businesses and homes. 
												

all of our stencils are professionally laser cut. this provides you with precise, clean designs. our stencil material is a breeze to work with and 100% re-usable.  click here to learn more about our material. 
													




we strive to offer our customers the highest quality stencils that are proven sellers for professional crafters. all stencils are designed and tested by us before being offered to our customers. with over 20 years in the crafting industry, we know what people are looking for and do our best to provide it to you.
												

our custom stencils have been used throughout the craft industry in books, magazines, catalogs and used to make items sold at professional trade and craft shows. be sure to check out our   featured designs section for additional information on who's using our stencils and what's being said about us.
												


















												design  
												








 your own 
												stencil!




new stencils►



shipping specials ►




share your projects


& earn money! ►





free stencil ►

bargain stencils $9.95 and under! ►

featured designs ►




news & updates ►






frequent buyers club ►





site map ►





mailing list ►



customer comments ►

designed & manufactured by an american company located in the usa.
 







































we are not affiliated with any other 
										stencil company.  if you find a 
										company with similar designs, and their 
										web site text and offers duplicates 
										ours, please know that you are not 
										buying a genuine primitive designs 
										stencil co. stencil. all of our stencils 
										are from original designs, but 
										unfortunately not all companies are 
										honest and upright in the way they 
										conduct their business. if you ever have 
										a doubt, please don't hesitate  to 


contact us 
										and we'll be more than happy to provide 
										you with any necessary information.
 












 
										view cart





catalog   



										  
							
faq's




customer service 






about us 






terms of use

















 join 
	our mailing list for updates & special offers: 
 



 
    

subscribe


 
unsubscribe    







			home • 
			alphabets • 
			customer service • 
			canister stencils • 
			co. info • comments • custom stencils • gift certificates • floor stencils • featured designs • game board stencils • holiday/seasonal • sign stencils • wall/border stencils • supplies • free stencil • kits • site map  • web hosting on rackspace

































 




							ï¿½ 1998-2009  - primitive designs stencil co. 
							 all rights reserved
							unless otherwise indicated, all materials on the 
							pages of this website are copyrighted by primitive 
							designs stencil co.. 
							 no part of these pages, either text or image may be 
							used for any purpose.  reproduction, 
							modification, storage in a retrieval system or 
							retransmission, in any form or by any means; 
							electronic, mechanical, or otherwise, is strictly 
							prohibited without prior written permission.

view additional copyright details




							www.primitivedesigns.com













