



dragon moon tattoo









































































navigation
dragon moon tattoo
we are the home of safe, professional and responsible tattooing services – since 1978






call us on
				 (410) 768-6471			










proudly celebrating our 47th year in business!








professionally established 1978 
							 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 





professionally established in 1978
we are the standard of
safe, professional and responsible
tattooing services
tattooing primarily by appointment — advance deposit required
walk-ins wecome if space permits

we do not provide the services of 
piercing or cosmetic tattooing










 
open to the public wednesday through saturday
12 noon till 6pm
private session work monday & tuesday 
always closed on sunday
(google does not dictate our business hours)
please call (410) 768-6471
or
email tattoo@dragonmoontattoo.com






site navigation

proudly celebrating our 47th year in business!
about dragon moon
tom beasley
mick michieli-beasley
paul rogers
appointment protocols
repairs, restorations and cover-ups
guidelines for infection control in the studio environment
f.a.q.’s
contact
privacy policy
terms of service



recent post

blessings from the dalai lamaintroducing celeste campbell and her tattoo journey  […]
an incredible journeylabor day weekend, 2023 marked the 38th tattoo  […]
happy birthday pop!“pop” paul rogers born 118 years ago  […]
time is an illusion  “time may change me, but i can’t trace  […]
i am terrified of needles but really want a tattoo…overcome your fear of needles by getting a tattoo at  […]
i am afraid of getting hiv, aids and hepatitis from my tattoo…there have been to date no recorded cases of hiv  […]
how do i know that my needle has not been used on someone else and then resterilized?we have always used single serve needle set-ups. it is  […]
okay, now that i know that i am not going to get anything but a beautiful tattoo from you, what can i expect to pay for a design?our minimum fee is $125.00 dollars. small tattoos  […]
what is the difference between “wall work” and “custom work”?wall work refers to the designs that you see on our  […]
i started with a small tattoo, can i make additions?no design is finite; the possibilities for extension  […]


meta

log in
entries feed
comments feed
wordpress.org








proudly celebrating our 47th year in business!
about dragon moon
appointment protocols
guidelines for infection control in the studio environment
repairs, restorations and cover-ups
paul rogers
f.a.q.’s
contact
 

iwebbit 






















