





  





welcome to eca watch | www.eca-watch.org

















skip to main content area













international ngo campaign on export credit agencies


















 


 



 











what are ecas?ecasatradiusbpirancecescecofacecosecducroireecgd / uk export financeefic australiaexim bank chinaeuler hermes deutschland agexport development canadaexport-import bank of the united statesfinnverajbicnexioekbsaceservsimestdodgy dealsangra 3, npp in brazilbtc pipelinecoral bay nickel projectdredging suape harbourilisu damjaitapur npplending to belarusmaheshwar dampalo viejo hydroelectric plant, guatemalaissuesaircraftarms tradebric countriesclimate changepress release: new website shines a light on the extent of export credit agencies’ support for fossil fuelscoalcommon approachescorruptiondebteuend coal financinghuman rightseca watch releases report 'ecas and human rights: failure to protect'large damsnuclearoecdpulp and paperrenewablestransparencyworld trade organizationpublicationsallnewsletterswhat's new october 2022external reportseca watch reports & briefingsstatements and lettersactivists demand end of massive oecd support for fossil fuelsmapsabout usabove groundbank trackbank trackboth endscorner housecounter currenteuronaturafernfinance & trade watch austriafriends of the earth japanfriends of the earth usaglobal witnessjubilee australiales amis de la terreodgoil change internationalre:commonurgewald 



 















featured pages





end coal financing

 starting monday, june 16, 2014 governments in the organization for economic cooperation and development (oecd) will meet to discuss financing through their export credit agencies – public agencies that fund or guarantee private corporations from their home country to invest or export overseas. these governments have the opportunity to end export credit agency financing for coal – a key part of the larger effort to end public financing for fossil fuels and high carbon projects. 
read more about end coal financing





ilisu dam

 the ilisu dam was the first ever project to have export credit guarantees from european governments withdrawn after the guarantees had already been agreed. eca watch members campaigned hard to make this happen.  
read more about ilisu dam





what are ecas?

 export credit agencies and investment insurance agencies, commonly known as ecas, are public agencies that provide government-backed loans, guarantees, credits and insurance to private corporations from their home country. this makes it easier for those corporations to do business abroad, particularly in the financially and politically risky developing world. most industrialized nations have at least one eca, which is usually an official or quasi-official branch of their government.  
read more about what are ecas?




 








eca watch newsletter

stay informed on our latest news!

e-mail *










previous issues
 



 












welcome to eca watch












 export credit agences provide government-backed loans, guarantees and insurance to corporations working internationally in some of the most volatile, controversial and damaging industries on the planet.shrouded in mystery, ecas provide financial backing for risky projects that might never otherwise get off the ground. they are a major source of national debt in developing countries.eca watch is a network of ngos from around the world. we come together to campaign for eca reform - better transparency, accountability, and respect for environmental standards and human rights.most developed countries have at least one eca. take a look at some of themecas have played a hand in some very controvertial corporate projects. look at some key examples and ongoing problems.ecas are connected with many of the most controvertial issues worldwide. see what role ecas play. 












featured publications and stories





what's new for december 2024

 "what's new!" is a periodic update to keep you informed of the latest on the eca watch website. what's new! features a wide range of materials related to the reform of export credit agencies (ecas) including ngo publications and releases, news articles, commentaries and announcements about the policies and practices of ecas and eca-financed projects world-wide.if you would like to receive "what's new!" simply add your e-mail to the eca-action list at www.eca-watch.org today! questions?


south korea and turkey block landmark oecd deal to end fossil fuel subsidies
(oil change int'l, washington, 20 december 2024) oecd members have failed to pass a landmark deal to end over $40 billion in public subsidies to fossil fuels. despite last-ditch attempts by senior government and international figures to sway south korea and turkey – the only countries blocking the deal – negotiators could not agree on a proposal to restrict export finance to fossil fuels. they will instead focus on a range of measures to improve transparency in export financing. last year the uk, canada and eu tabled a proposal at the oecd to end export finance for all fossil fuels, building on a 2021 oecd agreement that ended export finance support for coal plants. in a surprise move, the us recently switched its position at cop29 and came out in support of the proposal, leaving just a handful of countries blocking it. australia and norway on december 9 published national guidelines for ending new international investment in unabated fossil fuel activities.the international institute for sustainable development (iisd) on december 9th noted: "we have seen the potential of multilateral leadership in export finance before. in 2021, the oecd ended coal-fired power export credit financing, a key milestone in the phase-out of international public finance for coal. now oecd countries have [had!] the opportunity to replicate this success for oil and gas. this could [have] freed up much-needed public finance to accelerate the uptake of clean energy. rich countries still provide export credit finance of usd 41 billion per year to oil and gas, following their earlier agreement to end export credit support for coal.president joe biden was poised to back restrictions on international funding for oil and gas projects in a move that could free up billions of dollars for clean energy and crystallize his climate legacy.
https://oilchange.org/news/south-korea-and-turkey-block-landmark-oecd-deal-to-en...


 

cop29 outcomes: balancing progress and challenges on the road to climate action
(un environment program, baku, 4 december 2024) cop29 held in baku, azerbaijan, offered an important opportunity for governments and other global stakeholders to put in place the mechanisms, tools and signals required for countries to continue implementing their contributions to the paris agreement as urgently needed. the main areas of negotiation were on:  the design & key elements of future climate financial architecture & the next collective quantified goal (ncqg) on climate finance;  the rulebook for future international, compliance carbon markets; and   countries’ collective signaling on mitigation ambition, as follow up to the various energy transition objectives captured in last year’s cop28 ’uae consensus’.as widely reported elsewhere, while opportunities were missed to create the required clarity and determination on finance and ambition, there was some good news, even a breakthrough, on the establishment of government-backed, international carbon markets of the future.  this summary highlights the recent, impressive achievements of the unep fi-convened net-zero groups, progress on financing climate adaptation, and the implications for financial institutions of some of the summit’s outcomes.
https://www.unepfi.org/themes/climate-change/cop29-outcomes-balancing-progress-a...


 

before trump takeover france's total wants usexim to back its mozambique gas export plan
(africa confidential, cambridge, 20 december 2024) france’s totalenergies is making a final push to win united states funding for its liquefied natural gas project in northern mozambique before donald j trump is inaugurated us president on 20 january. total wants to restart the project held up after attacks on it by islamist militias. the political fight over mozambique’s disputed elections together with uncertainties about the incoming trump administration’s position on the total project have further delayed exim bank's decision on financing.
https://www.africa-confidential.com/article-preview/id/15288/totalenergies-makes...


 

revisiting the rulebook: export finance roundtable
(global trade review, london, 3 december 2024) in late october, gtr gathered a group of senior figures from the export and agency finance industry to discuss the market’s ongoing shift towards new product types, the impact of the oecd arrangement modernisation package, and whether further reforms are required to boost financing for social infrastructure. [article summarizes participant comments.]
https://www.gtreview.com/supplements/gtr-risk-2024/revisiting-the-rulebook-expor...


 

growth in the value of securing trade, finance and investments in the arab region
(union of arab chambers of commerce, beirut, 23 december 2024) data issued by the arab investment and export credit guarantee corporation (daman) showed a growth in the value of outstanding commitments to secure investment, finance, and exports directed to the arab region by 7% to reach about $260 billion by the end of last year. according to the report, these commitments represent about 8% of the global total. according to the institution, these liabilities were distributed by 83% for export credit insurance destined for the region, 8% for insurance against political risks, and 9% for other cross-border insurance operations.
https://uac-org.org/en/news/details/7074


 

algeria aims to become key player in trade insurance in africa and arab-muslim world
(trade world news, dubai, 12 december 2024) algeria is positioning itself as a major force in trade insurance across africa and the arab-muslim world, reflecting its commitment to fostering fair and dynamic international trade. algeria’s ambitions align with its broader strategy to diversify exports beyond hydrocarbons. the finance minister underscored that algeria views fair international trade as a strategic pillar for economic growth and an essential mechanism for achieving the sustainable development goals (sdgs) by 2030. meanwhile, a december 11-12 french summit conference on the future of economic relations between france and arabic countries was jointly organized by the arab-french chamber of commerce, the union of arab chambers and the federation of small and medium enterprises (cpme), with the support of cci france, the international chamber of commerce - france, medef international, and business france.
https://www.tradeworldnews.com/algeria-aims-to-lead-trade-insurance/


 

africa investment forum market days 2024: global risk leaders gather to unlock africa's investment potential
(africa development bank, abidjan, 4 december 2024) the african development bank group hosted a high-profile meeting of global insurers, export credit agencies and institutional investors to explore innovative risk-sharing solutions on the sidelines of the africa investment forum market days 2024. the insurer and eca day on december 3 reinforced the bank's commitment to bringing large scale finance into africa. participants included representatives of the berne union, axa, marsh, allianz, chubb, trade and development bank, lgim, sinosure, jbic and iciec, among others. presentations highlighted the urgent need to close africa's infrastructure investment gap, noting that private investors currently account for just 10% of infrastructure financing on the continent – less than half the level in asia, with africa needing $1.3 trillion annually to achieve its sdg targets by 2030.
https://www.afdb.org/en/news-and-events/press-releases/africa-investment-forum-m...


 

sri lanka eca faces irregularities, alleged corruption
(business times, colombo, 15 december 2024) the new management of the sri lanka export credit insurance corporation (slecic), while celebrating its 46th anniversary, has an onerous task ahead of reforming an institution that has been marred by corruption and malpractice for the past 12 years. a forensic audit, initiated at the instance of the parliamentary committee on public enterprises (cope) in the previous parliament is afoot to investigate the alleged financial mismanagement of the state-run corporation. an investigation is underway into the controversial payment of an insurance claim of over rs. 400 million to a single exporter, which had been made in a manner contrary to standard procedures. the treasury has conducted two additional inquiries, clearing some officers accused of assisting the general manager in carrying out corrupt practices. however, cope intervened, ensuring the general manager’s compulsory leave and the forensic audit.
https://www.sundaytimes.lk/241215/business-times/slecic-faces-irregularities-all...


 

us sanctions on gazprombank (russian eca?) imperil uzbek copper mine expansion
(the diplomat, arlington, 5 december) the u.s. treasury department’s decision to slap sanctions on gazprombank poses a potential major headache for uzbekistan’s burgeoning mining industry, which until now has relied on the russian lender to finance a $4.8 billion mine expansion set to nearly double the country’s copper production. the u.s. designation of gazprombank could also result in a major financial hit for european mining and engineering firms, banks, and state-backed export credit agencies active in uzbekistan, which have thus far continued to transact with entities financed by gazprombank. gazprombank has established partnerships with major world financial institutions and leading national import-export agencies. access to international capital markets helps gazprombank’s customers attract considerable amounts of funding on convenient terms. ukef has guaranteed a €12.6m loan to uzbekistan’s almalyk mining and metallurgical complex to refinance its purchase of fully automated machinery from the scottish multinational weir.
https://thediplomat.com/2024/12/sanctions-on-gazprombank-imperil-uzbek-copper-mi...


 

sinosure in china’s overseas finance and the evolving international response
(odi global, london, 14 december 2023) this year old report explores the development of sinosure as an institution and its involvement in china’s overseas lending and the belt and road initiative (bri). this report makes two main contributions. first, it examines an understudied aspect of china’s bri financing to show how the chinese government uses sinosure to hedge – or protect from – risk in its overseas lending and investment. second, it contextualises sinosure within the wider landscape of financial institutions providing guarantees and risk insurance, and the challenge and change that china’s state-backed finance has provoked. in several areas, development finance institutions (dfis) and export credit agencies (ecas) are adapting not only to chinese competition but also to new demands on their mandates. the use of export credit within china’s wider official financing is a challenge to oecd regimes that separately govern finance for trade and for aid. sinosure and other chinese export credit agencies offer highly favourable terms and longer-term finance, potentially undermining the ‘level playing field’ of the oecd.
https://odi.org/en/publications/hedging-belts-de-risking-roads-sinosure-in-china...


 

polish nuclear power plant receives €22bn financial backing from us, french & canadian ecas
(enerdata, grenoble, 17 december 2024) the lubiatowo-kopalino nuclear power plant project has collected, based on the letters of intent received so far, declarations of financial commitment for a total equivalent of over pln95bn (€22bn). the project developer polskie elektrownie jądrowe (pej) has received letters of intent from american and french companies to finance poland's first nuclear power plant. the french export credit agency bpifrance assurance export and the french public development bank sfil will provide over pln15bn (€3.5bn) to the project. in addition, export development canada will finance up to pln6bn (€1.4bn), on top of commitments from the american international development finance corporation (€17.5bn) and the us export-import bank (€16.5bn). cooperation with export credit agencies is an important part of the strategy to secure financing for the nuclear power plant.
https://www.enerdata.net/publications/daily-energy-news/polands-first-nuclear-po...


 

iciec awarded “insurance adviser of the year – africa” for advancing sustainable development
(africa.com, johannesburg, 1 december 2024) the islamic corporation for the insurance of investment and export credit (iciec) (https://iciec.isdb.org), a shariah-based multilateral insurer and member of the islamic development bank (isdb) group, is proud to announce its recognition as the “insurance adviser of the year – africa” at the prestigious ijinvestor awards 2024. this honor highlights iciec’s role in advancing impactful initiatives that drive sustainable development and improve lives across africa. the award acknowledges iciec’s pivotal contributions to two transformative projects in côte d’ivoire (€194 million in insurance support for financing esg projects) and senegal (€103 million insurance agreement for 50,000 off-grid solar streetlamps in rural areas). iciec has also entered into a service agreement with the islamic international trade finance corporation (itfc), jef vincent, and actorx gmbh to create a three-year business plan for the proposed africa-arab guarantee fund (aagf) a collaboration designed to strengthen trade and investment ties between the arab and african regions, fostering economic integration and mutual growth.
https://www.africa.com/the-islamic-corporation-for-the-insurance-of-investment-a...


 

afdb & sace sign $6b investment deal
(the nation online, lagos, 5 december 2024) in continuation of existing partnerships between the african development bank (afdb) and the italian government under the “mattei plan”, a $6b investment deal has been signed to sustain the development of initiatives with africa’s public and private sectors. specifically, this investment package which gives additional opportunities for italian businesses in education, agribusiness, healthcare, energy, water and digital economy infrastructure, will provide credit protection to foster investment in africa. sace noted the first €3 billion of the plan were under their management and derived from the italian climate fund, "a €4.2b fund created a couple of years ago to help our partners transition their economy into a greener one.”
https://thenationonlineng.net/afdb-italian-export-credit-agency-sign-6b-investme...


 

 
read more about what's new for december 2024





what's new for november 2024

 "what's new!" is a periodic update to keep you informed of the latest on the eca watch website. what's new! features a wide range of materials related to the reform of export credit agencies (ecas) including ngo publications and releases, news articles, commentaries and announcements about the policies and practices of ecas and eca-financed projects world-wide.if you would like to receive "what's new!" simply add your e-mail to the eca-action list at www.eca-watch.org today! questions?


does italian eca stifle mozambique lng atrocities?
(barrons/afp, paris, 15 november 2024) french energy giant totalenergies, recipient of italian (& french?) eca funding, was aware of accusations of abuses committed by soldiers charged with protecting its gas site in mozambique as early as 2021. "complaints of extortion, disappearances and even violence leading to the deaths of two fishermen are recorded in quarterly social reports written by teams of mozambique lng," totalenergie's subsidiary in the country, according to le monde. the reports were sent to the italian export credit agency sace, from which an italian ngo, recommon, and le monde obtained them under a right of access to information legislation. totalenergies used hired guards of the local affiliate of uk security firm g4s linked to a former liberation figure and ex-minister of security in the 1980s. eca-watch noted in 2016 that korean, french, italian and chinese ecas were set to play a key role in the financing of two lng projects planned in the north of mozambique despite widespread concerns about gross human rights violations by local authorities.
https://blog.mondediplo.net/g4s-dans-les-eaux-troubles-du-marche-de-la-peur


 

europe and u.s. push for oil-funding eca curbs deal to outlast trump
(philadelphia tribune, 22 november 2024) the eu, u.s. and other countries are hammering out a plan to throttle tens of billions of dollars of financial support for foreign oil and gas projects, weeks before president-elect donald trump moves into the white house. negotiators are working toward landing a deal at the organization for economic co-operation and development gathering in paris by thursday, according to people familiar with the matter. an agreement would be a culmination of more than a year of effort to expand existing rules that prohibit member nations’ export-credit agencies from financing unabated coal projects. it’s an about-turn for the u.s., which had effectively stalled work on the broader fossil fuel restrictions for months amid concerns from the country’s export-import bank. but with trump taking office in two months, it’s a last-ditch bid to lock in a climate policy that environmental advocates say be difficult for the new administration to reverse while freeing up multibillion-dollar funds for global clean energy projects. the group’s members have a longstanding gentlemen’s agreement that effectively allows them to use export-credit agencies to give preference to domestic companies in international deals without running afoul of wto rules. member countries have an incentive to abide by the policies since they help ensure a level playing field. restricting export-credit agency support for fossil fuels is viewed as crucial to meet global climate goals, a year after nearly 200 countries agreed to transition away from polluting energy sources. “there aren’t many policy tools that trump can’t undo, and this is one of the few,” said laurie van der burg, public finance lead at oil change international. oxfam america notes that: “a ‘trump-proof’ climate deal of this magnitude is mission critical for the biden administration — not only to secure its legacy on climate progress, but also help safeguard every community, both in the u.s. and globally, from damaging storms, heat waves, and rising seas. the climate crisis won’t stop for a climate denier in the white house, and this is the last chance for the current administration to stop billions in global handouts to fossil fuel corporations." nearly 300 green groups have urged biden to block lng expansion ahead of trump.
https://www.phillytrib.com/news/business/europe-and-u-s-push-for-oil-funding-cur...


 

u.s. misses the mark on eca fossil fuel finance agreement
(friends of the earth, washington, 21 november 2024) today at the conclusion of the oecd export credit group negotiations, participating nations failed to reach an agreement on fossil fuel finance, despite scientists’ repeated calls for urgent climate action. while no formal conclusion has been announced from the talks, the united states appears to have failed to secure an agreement. the proposal has already been championed by the european union, uk, canada, norway and most recently, australia. it would have potentially restricted financing for the entire fossil fuel value chain. up to $40 billion per year could be shifted away from fossil fuels to renewable energy projects. this would have paved the way for the agreement to be presented as part of a climate finance package at cop29. unlike the paris agreement, it would have been difficult for the trump administration to remove itself from just one piece of the arrangement.
https://foe.org/news/us-misses-finance-agreement/


 

'the finance cop’ delivers a fragile climate pledge, but leaves questions unanswered
(global trade review, london, 27 november 2024) the two-week-long un climate change conference (cop29) ended last week with a contentious pledge by wealthy countries to increase climate finance. while the commitment was criticised by developing nations as insufficient, objections from some of the world’s richest nations meant there was nearly no agreement at all. the landmark pledge of cop29, nicknamed “the finance cop” due to its supposed focus on funding the green transition, was an increase of climate finance from the wealthiest countries to the poorest from us$100bn to us$300bn a year by 2035. while this is a clear upgrade – and higher than the originally proposed us$250bn – it is far less than the us$1.3tn that developing countries had sought. it is also unlikely to be enough to mitigate the effects of climate change, with ngo wateraid’s lead policy analyst for water, sanitation and hygiene finance, lesley pories, calling it a “death sentence for the millions on the climate frontlines”. though the official text of the resolution calls for financing from “all public and private sources” to reach us$1.3tn a year by 2035, it is unclear in practice how this will materialise.
https://www.gtreview.com/news/sustainability/the-finance-cop-delivers-fragile-cl...


 

china announces new eca policy measures to protect its exports from trump's new tariff threat
(economic times, delhi, 21 november 2024) china is bolstering its export sector to counter potential tariff hikes by the incoming trump administration. the nine-point plan includes expanded export credit insurance, increased financing for international trade, and support for cross-border e-commerce. these measures aim to mitigate the impact of anticipated us trade restrictions and maintain a favourable environment for chinese exports.
https://economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/international/world-news/china-announc...


 

colombia races for us climate funds but has china as back up
(bnn bloomberg, toronto, 19 november 2024) colombia is hurrying to land a deal with the us that would unlock the first tranches of cash for a $40 billion climate investment plan before donald trump takes office. if that push fails, then china could be an option. susana muhamad, colombia’s climate minister, said she would go to washington in the coming weeks to try and secure initial finance for an ambitious strategy to overhaul her country’s fossil fuel-based economy in favor of green investments. the outlook for the deal is now more complicated that trump won this month’s election, she said. it’s a race against time for the package, which mimics the just energy transition partnerships (jetps) that have been signed between rich and developing countries, with a goal of speeding up the move away from fossil fuels. colombia is looking for as much as $10 billion to come from international financial institutions and developed countries. the move may set a template for other countries looking to transition away from fossil fuels. colombia is just one of the countries currently scrambling to lock in climate commitments from the us in the two months before trump takes office. at the organization for economic co-operation and development, the biden administration is making a last-ditch push for an international agreement restricting export-credit agency financing of foreign oil and gas projects, supporting an initial proposal made by the european union.
https://www.bnnbloomberg.ca/investing/commodities/2024/11/19/trump-forces-colomb...


 

sinosure reportedly begins refusing to insure exports to russia
(kyive independent, kyiv, 6 november 2024) chinese state-owned company sinosure that insures export supplies against the risk of non-payment has begun to refuse to cooperate with russian entrepreneurs, russian newspaper vedomosti reported on nov. 5, citing four unnamed sources from importing companies. trade between russia and china has reportedly surged by 121% since 2021, underscoring beijing's role as moscow's economic lifeline. one chinese supplier told a russian importer that the company refused to insure their deal because of the nature of the exported goods. since july, china has tightened export controls on military and dual-use products, the moscow times reported. beijing has positioned itself as neutral in the ongoing war but has deepened economic ties with russia and become moscow's leading source of dual-use goods, feeding the russian defense industry.
https://kyivindependent.com/chinese-state-owned-company-reportedly-begins-refusi...


 

landmark minerals security partnership finance network established for critical minerals projects
(jd supra, sausalito, 5 november 2024) the minerals security partnership finance network (mspfn), a joint financing body, was announced by the united states, the european commission, the united kingdom, canada, japan, australia, and nine other nations on 23 september 2024 at the united nations general assembly in new york. the new financing initiative aims to enhance collaboration amongst export credit agency and development finance institutions to support financing for critical mineral projects. the mspfn is a us-led financing initiative that stems from the minerals security partnership (msp); a framework established in 2022 by 14 governments and the european commission to advance, diversify, secure, and sustain supply chains for cms. the mspfn was created to strengthen cooperation and promote information exchange and co-financing among participating institutions.
https://www.jdsupra.com/legalnews/landmark-minerals-security-partnership-4983753...


 

ukef offers new guarantee to help british firms secure international contracts
(new civil engineer, london, 19 november 2024) ukef has launched a new product aimed at aiding british companies in securing international contracts. the early project services guarantee (epsg) is the latest initiative to support firms offering engineering, design and technical services on a global scale. the epsg is designed to assist overseas buyers who opt for british service companies in the initial planning phases of their projects. when an international buyer plans a major project and requires early work such as feasibility studies or conceptual designs, they can engage a uk design service firm. under the epsg scheme, this buyer can then seek a guarantee to secure a loan from a bank. this loan enables them to finance the early work provided by the uk business, with repayment terms spanning up to two years. meanwhile, the uk service provider receives payment upon completion of services, contingent on the loan’s terms.
https://www.newcivilengineer.com/latest/uk-export-finance-offers-new-guarantee-t...


 

saudi neom gets $3 billion loan guarantee from sace
(bnn bloomberg, toronto, 13 november 2024)  italy’s state insurance and financial group will grant saudi arabia $3 billion in loan guarantees to help the kingdom develop a sprawling futuristic megacity. insurer and export credit agency sace agreed on 80% guarantees for loans from international banks backing neom, the ambitious project to build a new urban area that will be bigger than belgium, according to people familiar with the matter.
https://www.bnnbloomberg.ca/business/company-news/2024/11/13/saudi-neom-gets-3-b...


 

ukef signs £4bn air defence deal with poland
(financial times, london, 7 november 2024) britain has agreed a £4bn air defence deal with poland, the largest-ever export contract between the two countries, in the wake of russia’s invasion of ukraine. the uk will equip polish forces with a ground-based air defence system capable of countering threats such as cruise missiles and fighter jets at ranges of more than 40km. the system, known as the common anti-air modular missiles — extended range or camm-er, is manufactured by european missile maker mbda. mbda is owned by bae systems and airbus, both with a 37.5 per cent stake, with italy’s leonardo holding the balance.
https://www.ft.com/content/58485e8c-e872-40a9-9b2d-c692f3cf2cc2


 

ex-im bank’s $2.5 billion angola loan funds chinese-tied firms, not american jobs
(washington examiner, washington, 10 november 2024) the u.s. export-import bank faces scrutiny over a $2.5 billion giveaway to green energy development in angola that benefits foreign companies with ties to china and the angolan president, despite the bank’s claims that it will support thousands of american jobs. the ex-im bank, led by biden administration appointee reta jo lewis, loaned over $900 million in june 2023 and another $1.6 billion to american company sun africa, which is in charge of developing solar energy plants, mini-grids, and storage and water treatment facilities in angola. the largest-ever ex-im loans were issued as part of the biden administration’s flagship global infrastructure partnership and the china and transformational exports programs, which seek to support american companies competing against china. the bank touts that the financing will support over 4,700 american jobs. despite the bank’s statements that the financing agreement benefits american exports and jobs, the announced suppliers are foreign companies and include firms close to angolan president joão lourenço or frequent contractors to the chinese government, the washington examiner can reveal.
https://www.washingtonexaminer.com/policy/foreign-policy/3224585/exim-bank-angol...


 

troilus gold brings potential funding from credit agencies to $1.3 billion
(mining.com, toronto, 21 november 2024) troilus gold (tsx: tlg) continues to receive the financial backing of global export credit agencies (ecas), this time from export development canada (edc), to support the development of its copper-gold project in quebec. on thursday, the company announced a new letter of intent (loi) from edc for up to $300 million. this, together with the lois recently signed with the export credit agencies of germany, finland and sweden, brings the total potential funding to $1.3 billion.
https://www.mining.com/troilus-gold-brings-potential-funding-from-ecas-to-1-3-bi...


 

 
read more about what's new for november 2024





what's new for october 2024

 "what's new!" is a periodic update to keep you informed of the latest on the eca watch website. what's new! features a wide range of materials related to the reform of export credit agencies (ecas) including ngo publications and releases, news articles, commentaries and announcements about the policies and practices of ecas and eca-financed projects world-wide.if you would like to receive "what's new!" simply add your e-mail to the eca-action list at www.eca-watch.org today! questions?


ecas prepare to lock horns over fossil fuel financing
(global trade review, london, 14 october 2024) ahead of crunch talks within the oecd arrangement, climate groups are pressuring the us, korea and japan to agree to a comprehensive proposal that would halt billions of dollars in fossil fuel financing each year. in recent days, over 40 environmental and social activity groups have written to members of the oecd arrangement on officially supported export credits, urging them to expand an existing ban on coal financing to also include oil and gas projects. export credit agencies (ecas) are among the world’s largest backers of fossil fuel transactions, often in developing regions such as asia and sub-saharan africa. climate groups argue their support – in the form of guarantees, insurance and loans – can be vital in ensuring projects reach financial close. in the past year, the export-import bank of the united states (us exim) has seen two advisors on its climate board quit over a us$500mn loan guarantee backing oil and gas field expansion in bahrain, while japan’s agency has come under fire for financing a new gas field in western australia. friends of the earth, oil change international and banktrack are among the signatories of the letter, which says it is “unthinkable that oecd agencies continue to pour billions into fossil fuel projects”.
https://www.gtreview.com/news/global/ecas-prepare-to-lock-horns-over-fossil-fuel...


 

cutting fossil fuel financing
(friends of the earth, merrifield, 4 october 2024) fossil fuel companies continue to be propped up by the government in the form of public financing like us exim. often, these tax dollars are funding overseas fossil fuel projects wreaking havoc on our environment and local communities in places like mozambique, india, bahrain, papua new guinea — to name a few. at the 2021 united nations climate change conference (cop26) in glasgow, more than 30 countries signed a commitment to end international public finance for fossil fuels and to prioritize funding for clean energy. if implemented fully, this resolution could shift $28 billion a year from fossil fuels into clean energy. in particular, the uk's eca (uk export finance) cut its fossil fuel transactions from $11 billion to zero in just ten years. previously, the agency had allocated more than 99% of its energy finance to fossil fuels. we have also seen great success pressuring other countries but the united states is the biggest violator of the cop26 commitment. in 2023 and, so far, in 2024, the us provided $3.5 billion for overseas fossil fuel projects. the us exim alone just approved financing for six mega-projects, including $500 million to develop 300 oil and gas wells in bahrain. the us is the largest member of the coalition of signers and is the biggest problem. we will continue to pressure our export credit agencies to take this commitment seriously and accept responsibility and the largest historical climate polluter.
https://foe.org/impact-stories/cutting-fossil-fuel-financing/


 

oxfam calls for a green overhaul of the us export-import bank
(hacker news, mountain view ca, 17 october 2024) as mounting climate concerns cause extreme weather events, & global efforts intensify to keep warming below 1.5°c, oxfam calls on the export-import bank of the united states (exim) to cease funding fossil fuel projects to instead champion just & clean energy initiatives. in a new research report published today, “alignment of the united states export-import bank with the us climate & development policy objectives,” oxfam america & perspectives climate research found that exim has financed hundreds of fossil fuel projects globally since its founding & continues to finance the most climate damaging sectors: at least 60% of its current $40+ billion portfolio directly supports fossil fuel-producing or dependent sectors like oil, gas, & aviation. despite a requirement in its charter to devote 5% of its funding to renewable energy, energy efficiency, & storage, in 2021, only $72 million – or 1.25% of exim’s new authorizations – were considered environmentally beneficial, & only 0.2% were for renewable energies.
https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=41965160


 

petrochemical plant wins exim loan despite biden climate vow
(bloomberg, new york, 11 october 2024) the us export-import bank authorized a $690 million loan to help build a petrochemical plant in malaysia, despite objections from climate activists who say the project flouts biden-harris administration promises to halt financing for fossil fuel projects abroad. the loan approved thursday and disclosed friday comes amid intensifying scrutiny of how independent us agencies are addressing climate change following decisions that run counter to president joe biden’s environmental agenda. in 2021 biden issued an executive order vowing to curb public funding of climate-damaging ventures and the us signed a pledge with 33 other nations committing to halt such support.
https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2024-10-11/petrochemical-plant-wins-us-l...


 

us defense dept strategic capital "arsenal"
(lexology, london, 30 october 2024) the us defence department's office of strategic capital (ofc) is one of the newest entrants in the us federal arsenal of finance tools for growth companies, providing loans between $10m and $150m to develop critical technologies vital to national security, with an initial program of up to $984m. another us federal loan program is the dept. of energy's loan program office (lpo) which has a "budget" of up to $300 billion to finance domestic renewable energy companies and projects. together with usexim's "make more in america program” (mmia), created to spur u.s. manufacturing and create more resilient supply chains, these three often overlooked federal finance mechanisms take on the credit risk which traditional banks and non-bank lenders (e.g. private equity) cannot [or will not] take on and which impose terms that crush return on investment. [rare earths developer australian strategic materials (asm) has indicated that australian firms can potentially access us department of defence funding under the newly set up office of strategic capital.]
https://www.lexology.com/library/detail.aspx?g=22b4f7a2-5be9-402f-918c-f5a5863a2...


 

longer payment schedules adding to liquidity woes of india's exporters
(financial express, delhi, 22 october 2024) apart from higher costs and other difficulties, the disruption caused by the two war zones in the world has added to the liquidity woes of india’s exporters as they deal with longer payment schedules and the impact of the situation on export credit which is falling consistently since 2022. at the end of march 2022 quarter the outstanding export credit was at rs 2.27 lakh crore and by the end of march this year it was down to rs 2.17 lakh crore. while exports grew 15% between 2021-22 and 2023-24, export credit has fallen by 5%. on top of falling credit, the red sea disruptions have added to the liquidity pressures on exporters as payments are taking more time. all this has increased the time period of payment from less than 90 days to 120-150 days. exporters now require more credit for a longer period and costs for them have increased. despite the export credit guarantee corporation (ecgc) increasing the coverage of default in payment against exports to 90%, many of the banks have not reduced the collateral requirements which is also reducing the credit off-take by the sector.
https://www.financialexpress.com/business/industry-longer-payment-schedules-addi...


 

uk approves use of export finance to source critical minerals
(innovation news, london, 31 october 2024) uk export finance (ukef), the government’s export credit agency, will offer financial support for overseas projects to source critical minerals. securing contracts that increase the uk’s ability to source critical minerals will help the uk build economic resilience and lower the risk of supply-chain disruption in major industries like automotive, defence, and aerospace. critical minerals are raw materials like lithium, graphite, and cobalt, which are essential to the uk’s largest export sectors. they are used in emerging and sustainable technologies like electric vehicles, solar panels and wind turbines.
https://www.innovationnewsnetwork.com/uk-approves-use-of-export-finance-to-sourc...


 

us accelerates play for africa’s minerals
(africa report, paris, 1 october 2024) a new financing network and closer cooperation with angola, zambia and tanzania all aim to challenge china’s grip on the continent’s resources. the united states and its allies consolidated their cooperation along a range of fronts during the un general assembly in the pitched battle for access to africa’s critical minerals. [the critical minerals africa (cma) summit – africa’s leading investment platform for the critical minerals sector – will return for its second edition on november 6 - 7 in cape town. cma 2024 brings together african and global policymakers, project leaders and key stakeholders along the critical minerals value chain to unlock and promote investment opportunities across africa’s mining space.]
https://www.theafricareport.com/363094/us-accelerates-play-for-africas-minerals-...


 

ngos urge banks & china to refuse support for ugandan oil projects
(mongabay, menlo park, 17 october 2024) a group of 28 ngos have written to 34 banks, insurance companies and the chinese government, urging them to deny financing and other support for oil and gas projects in uganda. the letters, written by u.s.-based climate rights international (cri) and 27 africa-based ngos, follow a report detailing numerous human rights violations and environmental harms at the kingfisher oil project sites in uganda. similarly, uganda’s tilenga oil fields also face scrutiny over their ecological and social harms, including impacts on wildlife and displacement of local communities. both kingfisher and tilenga are co-owned by french oil and gas giant totalenergies, the chinese national offshore oil company uganda ltd. (cnooc), and the uganda national oil company (unoc). both projects are also part of the east african crude oil pipeline initiative (eacop), where totalenergies is a major partner. the initiave aims to transport oil and gas from uganda to tanzania for export.
https://news.mongabay.com/short-article/2024/10/ngos-urge-banks-and-china-to-ref...


 

uganda finally signs deal to start building 1,700km railway, dumping china
(global construction review,  london, 15 october 2024) after 9 years of striving, the government of uganda yesterday signed a contract with turkish contractor yapı merkezi to build the first section of the country’s standard gauge railway. the €2.7bn deal was formalised in the capital kampala by bageya waiswa, the permanent secretary for public works, and erdem arıoğlu, the vice chair of yapı merkezi. waiswa said uganda would use its own funds and loans from the uk’s standard chartered bank, backed by export credit guarantees, to finance the project. the deal follows a number of false starts. as far back as 2015, uganda entered into an agreement with china harbour, a subsidiary of china communications, to implement the project, on the condition that chinese capital would be made available to pay for the work. the reluctance of china’s export–import bank to finance the scheme led uganda last year to abandon the contract, clearing the way for the turkish deal.
https://www.globalconstructionreview.com/uganda-finally-signs-deal-to-start-buil...


 

hyundai gets $1.35b in export financing for georgia ev facility
(korea joongang daily, seoul, 16 october 2024) the korea trade insurance corporation granted $1.35 billion in export financing to hyundai motor's $5.5 billion ev manufacturing facility in georgia, which began partial operation in early october. the financing was decided to help hyundai "strengthen its global competitiveness by offering financial support to its ev manufacturing facility in north america, one of the biggest auto markets in the world," the state-run export credit agency said wednesday. the factory in bryan county, georgia, is the automaker's first ev-dedicated manufacturing plant in the united states. it recently started partial production, around six months ahead of schedule, in order to rapidly qualify for the u.s. government tax credits of up to $7,500 for evs assembled in north america.
https://koreajoongangdaily.joins.com/news/2024-10-16/business/industry/hyundai-g...


 

european ecas reach out to indian companies, banks
(economic times, delhi, 24 october 2024) the export credit agencies (eca) of germany (euler hermes), austria (oekb) and switzerland (swiss export risk insurance serv), together with the swiss business hub india and switzerland global enterprise, on thursday reached out to indian companies, banks and government institutions for opportunities for investment and cooperation.
https://economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/economy/foreign-trade/3-european-expor...


 

what did cuba do with the €1.2 billion offered by russia to build thermoelectric plants?
(ciber cuba, miami, 18 october 2024) according to the agreement approved in 2015 by both governments, the resources would be invested in the construction of four generation units of 200 mw for two thermal power plants. in 2022, the regime quietly admitted that it had not met the conditions to access the loan. in september 2022, the deputy minister of energy and mines stated that cuba had not been able to access the russian credit of 1.2 billion euros for thermoelectric plants as it had not managed to secure the 10% upfront payment (120 million) needed to access this credit. [the us embargo affecting cuban dollar earning exports undoubtedly had a major influence on this.]
https://en.cibercuba.com/noticias/2024-10-18-u1-e207888-s27061-nid290398-hizo-re...


 

 
read more about what's new for october 2024




pages1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
…
next ›
last »

 



 





















sign in
 



 











powered by drupal 



 







