













home | florida state parks














skip to main content

























florida state parks





florida department of environmental protection



main menu


plan your visit


accessibility


faqs


fees


rules & regulations


camping & lodging




find a park


learn


resources


experiences & amenities


educational opportunities


programs


research & collecting




get involved


events





search


camping & lodging


shop



















healthy hearts at state parks
learn more





junior rangers
learn more.





we’re hiring
join our team.





volunteers needed
become a volunteer.





show your support of state parks 
learn more about our specialty license plate.







featured








message from the director

                  welcome to february!
        









let's go glamping

                  glamping is glamorous camping. it’s a relaxing way to experience the outdoors in luxury. our partners offer special glamping experiences at several florida state parks. 
        









refill your water bottle

                  staying hydrated is key when you visit a state park – but so is protecting the planet! 
        



















learn

outdoor florida webinar series

                  calling all outdoor enthusiasts! join the office of greenways and trails for the monthly outdoor florida webinar series. hear from a variety of experts on topics in recreation, trails and more.
        










initiative

planning for the future of florida recreation

                  the florida park service plans for the future of recreation in florida. we work with local governments, park users, scientists, recreation providers and non-governmental organizations to ensure that floridians have access to safe, well-managed parks, trails and public lands.
        










learn

park admission - online payment

                  visitors may purchase their admission single-use day pass online ahead of their visit instead of paying at the park. be sure to bring your confirmation email/receipt with you to the park (either a printed copy of your receipt or a digital copy) at the time of your visit.
        












find your perfect park destination
view parks







a park for everyone
see all parks 







florida caverns state park

                  one of florida’s first state parks, the otherworldly florida caverns offers visitors the opportunity to go underground and experience a part of the state that few know exists.
        


  3345 caverns road 
            marianna  fl 32446
  










ichetucknee springs state park

                  cool off as you drift down the ichetucknee, a unique spring-fed river where you can relax as you experience the real florida. the crystal-clear ichetucknee river flows 6 miles through shaded hammocks and wetlands before it joins the santa fe river.
        


  12087 s.w. u.s. highway 27 
            fort white  fl 32038
  










jonathan dickinson state park

                  sixteen distinct natural communities create the mosaic that is jonathan dickinson, the largest state park in southeast florida. rare environments as well as the pristine loxahatchee river make this park a unique spot to explore on land or by water.
        


  16450 s.e. federal highway 
            hobe sound  fl 33455
  










people make the parks








staff spotlight

                  congratulations to chris oliver for receiving the 2022 resource manager of the year award.
        









2023 volunteer awards

                   volunteers are an integral part of our workforce. they contribute time, energy and skills to park management and visitor experiences. 
        









friends spotlight

                  the florida state parks foundation coordinates the yellow buses in the parks project, which provides opportunities for classes to experience state parks near them.
        













initiative

follow us on social media

                  florida state parks maintains an active presence on facebook, twitter, instagram and more. stay in the know and subscribe to our feeds.
        









things to know








book your overnight stay

                  the real florida is waiting for you! we recently changed our reservation system, so the process may look a little different when you book a cabin or campsite at our florida state parks. 
        









skip the straw

                  plastic straws are one of the many single-use plastics that litter beaches, pollute oceans and harm wildlife. to preserve natural resources and keep florida’s environment free of pollutants, dep encourages residents and visitors to skip the straw!
        









annual pass

                  a florida state parks annual pass allows frequent visitors to enjoy parks for pennies a day! annual passes can be purchased a variety of ways and are available for individuals or families.
        












share your park experiences #flstateparks 







      plan your adventures to florida's 175 award-winning state parks, trails and historic sites.
    










florida state parks




main menu


plan your visit


accessibility


faqs


fees


rules & regulations


camping & lodging




find a park


learn


resources


experiences & amenities


educational opportunities


programs


research & collecting




get involved


events






have questions?

contact the statewide information line:
(850) 245-2157
or send an email to:
fsp.feedback@floridadep.gov



stay connected


facebook


twitter


instagram


pinterest


you tube













  © copyright 2025 © copyright 2018 florida department of environmental protection.



customer survey


disclaimer


privacy policy


website login












