








friesians in color
























"i will not change my horse with any that treads but on four pasterns...when i bestride him, i soar, i am a hawk. he trots the air, the earth sings when he touches it, the basest horn of his hoofs is more musical than the pipe of hermes.. when bestride him i soar, i am a hawk..."â (william shakespeare).â friesiansgeorgian grandesâ friesians in color is located in the tri-cities area of eastern washington five minutes off the i82 around three hours drive from seattle or portland. in addition to â breeding and foaling up to ten of our own mares each year we also stand our beloved stallion, ramses, to a small number of outside mares. karen fish and michael fish, a father and daughter team, have been breeding these amazing horses for around a decade.â our backgroundwe offer our horsesâ for saleâ to "good homes only" at very reasonable and honest prices. we work to keep our prices reasonable because of â our dedication to breeding these amazing horses, because we are able to use our own resources, and for the wonderful friendships that we have developed with horse lovers all over north america through this enterprise. we take care of the horses ourselves, take our own pictures and videos, we also created and maintain this website. â value for moneyworming and immunizationsour horses are immunization for west nile, rhinopneumonitis, eastern & western encephalomyelitis;influenza, & tetanus toxoid.â the horses are trimmed using barefoot farrier methods every 6-8 â weeks.hoof careherd lifewe are fortunate to be able to provide our horses with a lifestyle where they can engage in natural behaviors. while we use stables for foaling, extreme weather, and for individual feeding all of our horses are free to socialize and have room to run and play the vast majority of the time.â â  â  â  â  â  â  â  â  â  â  â  â  â  â  â  â â 1homefor salestallionfriesian broodmarescolored broodmarescontact usthe first georgian grande foal out of our broodmare "moonlight jasmine" â pictured as a six year old, being shown 2nd level dressage. â he qualified for both the ods and regional championship shows (region 6). at 2nd level. â pictured at the lake oswego show in oregon at second level, he had two scroes of 67+.â breeders of friesians, baroque pintos, and georgian grandesâ we breed the legendary friesian, the horse with the majestic appearance, high stepping powerful gaits, sleek black coat and personable nature. â friesians are a legend. one of the oldest breeds they are known to have been around since the middle ages. elegant, willing, energetic but gentle and easily trainable their high stepping paces and proud appearance has caused them to regain popularity recently as dressage, carriage, and pleasure horses. â their fantasy appearance has also led them to become stars in films such as ladyhawke, â eragon, the mask of zorro, alexander, the chronicles of narnia, and 300 have also featured friesian horses.â we also breed georgian grandes a relatively new and exciting breed that have been rapidly gaining popularity asâ they have been winning at dressage, eventing and show jumping, and they also make very dependable trail horses.â the georgian grandes â we breed are a combination of the friesian and 25% or 50% of the "peacock" of the horse world, the stunningly beautiful, athletic and elegant american saddlebred. â â at friesians in color, we treasure the saddlebred part of our horses as they provide their offspring with so much more than color. â we are originally from england and the american saddlebred may well be â "america's best kept secret." in truth their fantasy-style appearance leaps out at you, but a little known secret is that the ultimate show horse has a lot more than looks in his favor. they are intelligent, have plenty of commonsense, love to interact with people and are easy to train; they have been used for years in the show world (flicka, mr ed, fury). they are also incredibly athletic and supple with inbuilt stamina, and have been used to represent the usa in dressage, show jumping, eventing, driving and endurance (an asb gelding was the world endurance champion for three years running).â while the georgian grande breed is still in it's infancy they have been gaining popularity. their appearance and trainability may lead them to become t.v. stars like some of their saddlebred and friesian ancestors. an episode of the popular tv series "lost" featured a three year old georgian grande mare (kate's horse). â â 1homefor salestallionfriesian broodmarescolored broodmarescontact uswe have moved to a new website please useâ www.badgercanyonfriesians.homestead.com

website designed at homestead™ make a website and list your business










