








above rubies - encouraging women in their high calling as wives, mothers and homemakers


































"a capable, intelligent and virtuous woman,who is he who can find her? she is far more precious than jewels and hervalue is far above rubies or pearls ."proverbs 31:10






contact ussite mapcontribute















homearticlesenglish language
abortionadoption/orphansarticles by nancy campbellautismbe fruitful and multiplybible in the homebirth storiesbreastfeedingc-sectionscan god provide?caring for the elderlycourtshipdaughters-in-waitingdown syndromefamily & churchfamily lifefamily meal tablefamily planninghealthhomemakinghomeschoolinghospitalityimmunizationinfertilityisrael and the landloss of babymarriagemiscarriagemotherhoodpoemsprayer in the homepregnancyprojects for childrenraising sonsrecipesshepherding our flockspecialtubal ligation reversalvasectomy reversalsvbac storieswedding storiesyoung adultforeign languagesdutch languageczech languagefinnish languagefrench languagehungarian languagegerman languagepolish languageportugues languagerussian languageslovenian languagespanish languagedevotionals
latest women's email devotionalwomen's email devotional archivewomen's daily devotional archivemen's devotional archiveencouragementwomen's daily encouragementmen's daily encouragementbook/cd storeevents
ar celebrationscamp testimonials


saturday, 15 february 2025
home




free subscriptions 
subscribe to above rubies magazinesubscribe to ar newslettersubscribe to women's devotionalideas for distributing above rubies

visit above rubies on facebook


follow above rubies on twitter
 

contribute to above rubies



women's daily encouragement showcase 






 








 

what’s your marriage temperature?




											nancy campbell										


women's daily encouragement blog


friday, 14 february 2025



have you lost your first love? jesus rebuked the church at ephesus because they had lost their first love for him. to keep love going, we have to rekindle it, don’t we? god’s heart of love never chang 
















1



 


continue reading



 








men's daily encouragement showcase 






 








 

one with god is a majority




											colin campbell										


meat for men daily encouragement blog


thursday, 13 february 2025



the israelites were facing the philistines with their 30,000 chariots and 6,000 horseman as well as an army “as the sand which is on the sea shore in multitude (1 samuel 13:5). the small israelite arm 
















1



 


continue reading



 













life to the full podcast



articles - for your enjoyment

biblical fatherhood--the great need of the world 7z-21) he has a generation mindset-- role modeling love that "hopes all things" (1 corinthians 13:7).
a revival of parenting
out of...into..., pt. 5 - no. 128
abortion | i scrubbed til i was raw!
the delightful way, pt 2, no. 375
above rubies
  who are the men god can use in this great hour of need?  14a. men who are teachable in god's ways
podcast transcript | episode 93: passionate mothering
disarming the gainsayers, no. 206
can god provide? | even in a wheel chair? 
above rubies magazine #90
guarding the home, no. 273
courtship | my dream
marriage | seven secrets for wives
family planning | tears of grief and tears of joy
the day of god’s power
family meal table | presidential quotes
family meal table | come to the table
contributions
podcast transcript | episode 33 – what about book parties?


featured product of the week





main menu 
homeministry overviewabout ar ministry videosstatement of faitharticles/storiesforeign language articlesnewsletter archivedonation informationencouragement blogsar devotional archives
latest women's email devotionalwomen's email devotional archivewomen's daily devotional archivemen's devotional archivemeat for men on facebookbook & music storear podcasts & transcriptsretreats/family campsfaqscontact usmagazine archivesmusic samples
music lyrics
music lyrics - peace all over memusic lyrics - soothe memusic lyrics - this is our roadmusic lyrics - angel in my arms






free subscription services 
subscribe to above rubies magazinesubscribe to ar newslettersubscribe to women's devotionalideas for distributing above rubies

related resources 
christian related productsadoption infohomeschool resourceswomens ministriesother resourcestubaligation/vasectomy reversalsdicipleship

regional above rubies sites
above rubies au and nzabove rubies so. africa above rubies uk/europe
 

above rubies address
aboverubiesemail nancypo box 681687 franklin, tn 37068-1687phone : 931-729-9861office hrs 9am - 5pm, m - f, ctz
 




~ encouraging families around the world for over 44 years ~  
 



above rubies introductionprivacy policyterms of use


© copyright 1977 - 2022 aboverubies.org. all rights reserved phone 931-729-9861 | office hours 9am - 5pm monday to friday, central time zone







