sabi sands game reserve - south african safari lodges & tours 
homeclassic safariluxury safaripremier safariromantic safarifamily safarilodgesguidelocationwelcome to sabi sands private reservethe sabi sands private game reserve offers a luxury south african safari experience, combining unrivalled big five game viewing and the best safari lodges in south africa.
add exceptional service and hospitality, and fine cuisine, to this already incredible experience and you have a luxury south african safari that will linger in your memories forever.




luxury sabi sands safari lodges


with our selection of luxury sabi sands safari lodges, think rim-flow pools with endless bush views, fluffy percale linen beds, gourmet cuisine and lantern lit dinners beneath the stars. lets not forget about the 4x4 off-road game viewing away from the crowds.





romantic honeymoon safaris


nothing says "i love you" more than a south african honeymoon safari in kruger. sabi sands offers up that "out of africa" romance with secluded honeymoon lodging, private decks, thrilling game drives and pastel-hued sunsets with a glass of bubbly.







classic safaris


witness the magic of kruger on a south african safari with our range of classic packages that will reward you with a genuine, value-for-money kruger safari. up-close game viewing on off-road 4x4 game drives and fire-lit dinner served under the african sky.





classic safari lodges


are you looking for affordable safari accommodation in the sabi sand game reserve? look no further than these classic sabi sands safari lodges. expect value-for-money accommodation options with 4x4 game drives, excellent wildlife sightings and friendly service.







premier sabi sand safari collection


if you are looking for an exceptional safari experience away from the crowds with exquisite service and ultimate quality, then these award winning sabi sand safari lodges renowned for their superior luxury and style, promise you the safari of a lifetime.





family safari holiday


school holiday inspirations. these south african family safari packages include dedicated meal menus, child minders and nature activities designed to interest children in wildlife...







getting to sabi sands

getting to sabi sands is easy, by daily scheduled flight, or private air charter. by road you have the choice of private road transfer if you do not wish to drive your self. flight times are approximately one hour, whilst travel by road varies between 5 - 7 hours depending on which sabi sand entrance gate you need to reach.




the sabi wildlife experience

sabi sands game reserve is adjacent to kruger national park and so shares the same wildlife diversity that makes the kruger famous. for the avid bird or wildlife photographer, sabi sand must be the year-round african safari destination of choice. read more about the wildlife of sabi sands game reserve.

map of lodges in sabi sand reserveif you are driving, this sabi sand map will help you to see which entrance gate you need to use, whether you are coming into the reserve from the north or the south. next - contact ustoggle navigationenquire(current)  contact us         welcome to sabi sands private reserve  customer support tel: +27 21 424 1037 fax: +27 21 424 1036 contact by mail business hours mon - fri. 08:00 - 17:00 saturday. 08:00 - 12:00 booking reservations and booking booking conditions visa and passport about siyabona africa (pty) ltd   most popular pages where is sabi sands classic sabi sand safari authentic safari experience romantic tented safari deluxe sabi safari package sabi spa and safari sabi photographic safaris extraordinary vista and wildlife  family treasures romantic seclusion bring the whole family luxury sabi sand safari lodges   game reserves balule game reserve manyeleti game reserve sabi sand game reserve thornybush game reserve timbavati game reserve near kruger national park private game reserves birding in kruger park kruger national park   ©2024 siyabona africa (pty)ltd - booking sabi sands lodges   singita | londolozi | lion sands | dulini | sabi sabi  privacy settings 


