







moulding, millwork, doors | wood building products | woodgrain









































































woodgrain

 
why woodgrain

about woodgrain
for homeowners
for builders
for dealers & distributors
careers


our products

all products
moulding & millwork
doors
lumber
distribution
nature’s animal bedding
heating pellets
woodguard
windsor windows


resources

catalogs & resource center
product finder
find a dealer
diy inspiration
collections
our blog
become a dealer
videos
faqs
locations
moulding calculator
power tools


distribution

dealer locator contact search














the essential elements 
for an extraordinary home


woodgrain products
it’s all in the family. the woodgrain family of companies is dedicated to creating exceptional customer value through the relentless improvement of our people, products, and processes.
explore products



moulding + millwork


doors


lumber


nature’s
animal bedding


heating pellets


distribution


woodguard
fencing| outdoor engineered lumber


windsor windows




the woodgrain difference
at woodgrain, we are committed to delivering the best value to our customers through constant growth of our people, products, and processes.






sustainability mission
our wood comes from sustainable sources and managed forests. more than 99% of our timber or wood fiber is used in some form — from premium animal bedding to pellets, our manufacturing process residuals don’t go to waste.






vertical integration
it all begins with our vertical integration. what does vertical integration mean? it means we own the supply chain from the forest to your location. we manage the procurement of timber to our sawmills where we process logs into lumber that then flows to our other manufacturing locations, where we make finished products. we own each step in the supply chain, which ensures complete oversight of the quality of wood we process and finished parts that we produce. as we own our own trucks and distribution, we are not dependent on industry shifts or controlled by outside environments, which means we can ensure quality control and efficient delivery times, every time.



we source logs sustainably.


our own sawmills produce lumber for our internal mills and external customers.


our millwork remanufacturing facilities produce mouldings as well as door and window components.


the sawdust created from our operations is used for animal bedding products and fuel pellets.


door components are milled, then sent to our door plants to craft beautiful stile and rail doors.


window parts are precision milled, then sent to our iowa and north carolina plants to produce premium wood-clad windows.


we have  a combined 34 woodgrain distribution warehouses and door shop locations to service customers.


we stand behind our products and take pride in the craftsmanship and quality of everything we make. owning each step of the process ensures top-notch quality.






looking to add quality products to your offering?
we look forward to connecting and learning how we can be of service. 
become a dealer



is improving your home your top priority?
search our full catalog of moulding and door profiles and get the best for your home. 
product finder











contact
about
blog
resources
products
careers
donations
corporate officers
environment
certifications
locations
privacy policy
employee resources

facebook
instagram
youtube
pinterest






our newsletter






thank you for signing up






please enter a valid email address.





1,true,6,contact email,2










© woodgrain 2025






