











population health sciences – uw-madison school of medicine and public health – uw–madison



























 











skip to main content

university of wisconsin–madison






uw crest









population health sciences

uw-madison school of medicine and public health




search






menu
open menu


close





home
expand


collapse



mission
history of the department
newsletters and monday seminar speaker schedules


people
expand


collapse



phs department faculty
administrative staff
emeritus faculty
students
post doctoral fellows
preventive medicine residents
scientists
affiliated faculty


academics
expand


collapse



graduate programs
health disparities research scholars
preventive medicine residency
master of public health
job listings


research
expand


collapse



research projects
research experts


events
contact us
 



donate
 





population health sciences



population health sciences



population health sciences






 


welcome to population health sciences


events 

feb
19




phs 820 graduate research seminar featuring eugene kahng

february 19, 2025 @ 12:00 pm - 1:00 pm
                            
                            phs warf 726  




mar
05




phs 820 graduate research seminar featuring jovana jovanovska

march 5, 2025 @ 12:00 pm - 1:00 pm
                            
                            phs warf 726  




mar
12




phs 820 graduate research seminar featuring monica ortiz-vazquez

march 12, 2025 @ 12:00 pm - 1:00 pm
                            
                            phs warf 726  


more events 
more

 

newsrebecca myerson’s research cited in “the annual report of the council of economic advisors” in the january 2025 economic report of the presidentfunding opportunity with health-first climate action research centersilvia barcellos featured in la follette q&aamy cochran secures patient-centered outcomes research institute (pcori) grantpat remington featured on wisconsin public radio, wisconsin today speaking about fluoridenatascha merten awarded vilas early-career investigator awardmore news 
more

 



our mission
our history
our programs
give to phs


 
 
 
 


 

 

 
 
 
 




explore our graduate programs
we offer masters and phd programs in epidemiology and population health. read more about our program options, admissions process, aid and find our academic guide under graduate programs.



what is population health?
population health sciences is an interdisciplinary field of study with the goal of understanding, preserving, and improving the health of human populations and individuals.
to learn more about population health, listen to emeritus faculty david kindig’s nine episode podcast population health: the unfinished journey.



phs announces small grant program with wisconsin research data center (wiscrdc)
phs is currently welcoming applications for their small grant program with wiscrdc. proposals on all topics are invited, provided that the proposal uses data available at wiscrdc.
all phs graduate students, faculty, and researchers are invited to apply. more details here.

 

 
 
 
 


 



equity, inclusion & diversity
the national institute of health (nih) and institute of medicine (iom) call for greater diversity in the research workforce as a means to address health disparities. attracting scholars of color from various disciplines such as physicians, nurses, pharmacists, sociologists, social workers, and nutritionists, into academic research careers will help in this endeavor.
since retention of researchers from underrepresented populations in academic careers is essential, we are committed to making the environment supportive, academically rewarding, culturally enriching and professionally satisfying.

 
 
 
 




why wisconsin?
check out this video to learn more about graduate school at university of wisconsin.
and read more below on the beauty of madison’s four seasons.
why we love madison year round

 

 
 
 
 







            mission          



            history of the department          



            faculty          



            ms and phd programs          



            research projects          



            contact          



 


 
 
 




site footer content




university logo that links to main university website













































part of the universities of wisconsin


contact uspopulation health sciences
610 walnut street
707 warf building
madison, wi 53726
email: pophealth@mailplus.wisc.edu
phone: (608) 263-2880

facebook


x twitter

 

website feedback, questions or accessibility issues: bkorab@wisc.edu | learn more about accessibility at uw–madison.
this site was built using the uw theme | privacy notice | © 2025 board of regents of the university of wisconsin system.














