

















	
  department of home affairs


















































































































skip to navigation
skip to main content






loading


























 ​ 
                    ​ select language

language unavailable

english

​ 
                  






















menu





menu



home affairs
                              portfolio
























​​ 
   
​​immiaccount​​  

 ​visa entitlement verification online (vevo)

​​
                    



















                  department of home affairs
              



search







                      popular searches
                    












 









portfolio functions





 

 




 border watch - make a reportif it doesn’t feel right, flag it anonymously with border watch. report suspicious​ immigration, customs and border related activity. 
 


 national security hotlineif it doesn't add up, speak up. call national security hotline.   ​​


news and updates

see all news 


​​​​our other websites
disaster assist


disasterassist.gov.au
find out how we assist australians affected by natural disasters in australia and overseas . 
harmony week


harmonyday.gov.au
harmony week celebrates australia’s cultural diversity. it's about inclusiveness, respect and a sense of belonging for everyone.​ 
australian values


australian-values.gov.au
australian values features stories of inspiring australians contributing to their communities and living australian shared values. 
smart move australia


smartmoveaustralia.gov.au
do you have the skills australia needs? make the smart move down under.​ ​ 
            national security


nationalsecurity.gov.au
​​australian national security acknowledges the traditional custodians of country throughout australia.​ 
living safe together


livingsafetogether.gov.au
living safe together is an australian government initiative to protect our communities against all forms of violent extremism. 
triple zero


triplezero.gov.au
learn how to contact emergency services in australia - police, fire and ambulance services.​ 
organisational resilience


organisationalresilience.gov.au
organisational resilience refers to a business's ability to adapt and evolve as the global market is evolving, to respond to short term shocks. 
cyber and infrastructure security centre


cisc.gov.au
protecting australia's cyber and infrastructure security.
office of the migration agents registration authority


mara.gov.au
find out about registered migration agents and how we protect consumers of migration advice services.​
​​​​agencies

   

 

​







draft2published












pop-up content starts



need a hand?


×









cancel






pop-up content ends











tell us what you think of this page 


last updated:

                          6/02/2024 9:44
                        



print this page 






​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​contactdo you have a question, feedback or a complaint? let us help you find the right answer.
contact us
​ ​ 
               

facebook page for australian department of home affairs linkedin page for australian department of home affairs  ​home affairs


home affairs portfolio
australian border force
national security
transport security
emergency management
cyber security​multicultural affairs​ what we do​


who we are  ​ 
                     our ministers 
contact our ministers 
careers​ 
contact us​​ 
senate order on entity contracts​​ 
 back to top 
                  ​​ 
      the department of home affairs acknowledges the traditional custodians of country throughout australia and their continuing connection to land, sea and community. we pay our respects to all aboriginal and torres strait islander peoples, their cultures and to their elders past and present.​​​ 
               artwork: protecting country and people | ​luke penrith, july 2022​​
web privacy statement
accessibility of this website
freedom of information
information publication scheme
copyright and disclaimer​privacy​​​ 
             ​​​​ 
​​






pop-up content starts


back



search









                                popular searches
                            







                                your previous searches
                            






pop-up content ends



 



















