









specialty jarred peppers, olives and vegetables | giuliano peppers



















































 













retail

retail products
specialty olives
bar condiments
dos hermanos
broken taco


foodservice
service deli
recipes
giuliano shop
contact us
 





select page


  
 



 



 















our family name goes on every jar.
the giuliano story
 

 
 





delicious, easy to make recipes.
cook with us
 

 
 





the finest gourmet products.
shop giuliano
 

 
 
 
 
 


 



 
 
 




 

giuliano specialty foods
 
the giuliano story
giuliano specialty foods has been family owned and operated since 1959 when my dad, connie giuliano, and i used to load up our old stake-bed truck and sell high-quality jarred products door-to-door to all the italian stores and delis throughout our neighborhood.
now, almost 60 years later, we still own and run the business, along with my sons brian and corey, and we still sell to our neighbors. but we’ve outgrown the old truck. we’re now one of the nation’s biggest suppliers of pickled peppers and vegetables, with suppliers from all over the world, including greece and spain. plus, we have the resources to acquire specific data that will support you in your efforts at providing “neighborhood marketing.”
no matter how big our business grows, though, or how many people we employ, when you really get down to it, we’re still just connie’s son and his grandsons. in other words, we’re just the giulianos, doing the same thing we’ve been doing for over five decades: giving you the absolute best quality and service you’ll find anywhere. because for us, it’s family!
errol giuliano
 
 
 


from stuffed olives to specialty peppers,
quality is our priority!
 
when it comes to our products and the service we provide to our customers, maintaining excellence is the highest priority for our quality control department. and that’s true whether we’re talking about our famous pepperoncini that arrive almost daily from greece, or any of the other fine vegetables that are grown in our own california backyard. we realize that our family’s good name depends on paying attention to detail and giving you exactly what you want and need, exactly when you want and need it.
we understand that the food you make doesn’t just nourish your family – it welcomes guests into your home, marks holiday traditions, fuels the kids for soccer practice, and takes you back to a simpler time when food was pure and hearty meals were the norm.
giuliano is proud to become part of your family with specialty jarred peppers, olives and vegetables that help you get just the right flavors in all your favorite dishes. it’s about more than just great food; we help bring people together.
committing ourselves to quality has always been – and will always be – a giuliano family tradition!
 
 



 
 

 

also from giuliano
 
broken taco

dos hermanos

 
 
 
 






 
 
 


 



contact us
 
 
 
 






name


company or group


phone


mailing address


email address


message






4 + 11 = 


submit



 
 
 
 
  


 
 
 






facebook




tumblr




instagram




pinterest




dribbble




vimeo




linkedin




myspace




skype




youtube




flickr


© giuliano 2017 | designed by fuse branding co  

 
 
 
























