








brooklyn dentist | clinton hill | fort greene | 11238


































skip to main content












 
 
 
 




						clinton hill dental					
dental specialty group
 



home
quality dental services
cosmetic dentistry
dentures
contact us
 
 
 



menu





home
quality dental services
cosmetic dentistry
dentures
contact us
 


 



 




 
 





 
 

 












our clinton hill dental practice


precision dentistry
welcome to clinton hill dental where charles grannum dmd is our dentist.
at clinton hill dental, we are dedicated to creating beautiful smiles in a warm and inviting atmosphere. we believe that everyone deserves a healthy smile and the comfort and confidence that comes along with it.
dr. charles grannum, and the rest of our talented team are committed to working with each of our patients to create a customized treatment plan that meets your needs and fits into your lifestyle. whenever possible, we prefer to prevent dental problems from ever taking hold and making the most of conservative and simple dental treatments; however, when you need a little extra care, you can take advantage of our skill and expertise with state-of-the-art modern techniques and technology.
at clinton hill dental, you’ll find that each appointment is more like a collaborative relationship. we feel that it’s important to provide you with information concerning treatment options for your care. we believe in empowering our patients and helping them to make informed decisions about their own dental care, allowing them to truly be a member of their own healthcare team.
dr. grannum is uniquely qualified as a board certified prosthodontist which is an expert in the restoration and replacement of teeth – prosthodontists make smiles look beautiful and function the way they should. after completing four years of dental school, prosthodontists receive an extra three years of specialized training in an american dental association (ada) accredited graduate program. prosthodontics is one of the nine specialties recognized by the ada.
many like to think of prosthodontists as the “quarterback” of a dental treatment plan. they regularly lead teams of general dentists, specialists, and other health professionals to develop solutions for your dental needs.
rigorous training and experience provide prosthodontists with a special understanding of the dynamics of a smile, the preservation of a healthy mouth, and the creation of tooth replacement.
we are your premier dental experts in brooklyn, ny. whether you need root canal, dentures, dental crown, dental implants, oral sedation dentistry, porcelain veneers, teeth whitening or teeth cleaning, we can help. call us today at, (718)783-6228.


6/13/2020
dear patient:
we hope this letter finds you and your family in good health. we have all been through a lot over the last several months.
as you may have already known, infection control has always been a top priority in our office. our infection control processes now includes hepa filtration units, social distancing provisions, hand-sanitizers stations, as well as other protective measures.
our office follows infection control recommendations made by the american dental association (ada), the u.s. centers for disease control and prevention (cdc) and the occupational safety and health administration (osha). we follow the activities of these agencies so that we are up-to-date on any new rulings or guidance that may be issued.
you may see some changes when it is time for your next appointment. we made these changes to help protect our patients and staff. for example:

our office will communicate with you beforehand to ask some screening questions. you’ll be asked those same questions again when you are in the office.
we have hand sanitizer that we will ask you to use when you enter the office. you will also find some in the reception area and other places in the office for you to use as needed.
you may see that our waiting room will no longer offer magazines, children’s toys and so forth, since those items are difficult to clean and disinfect.
appointments will be managed to allow for social distancing between patients. that might mean that you’re offered fewer options for scheduling your appointment.
we will do our best to allow greater time in between patients to reduce waiting times for you, as well as to reduce the number of patients in the reception area at any one time.

we miss you and look forward to seeing you soon. we are more than happy to answer any questions that you may have about the steps that we are taking to keep you safe in our office.
to make an appointment please call (718)-783-6228.
sincerely,
dr. grannum & staff



our dental  services


dental examination
custom dentures
oral sedation for dental procedures




dental crowns
dental implants
teeth whitening services
veneers






hours of operation

monday from: 8am to:8pm
tues from: 8am to: 8pm
wed from: 8am to: 8pm
thurs from: 8 am to: 8pm
fri from: 8am to: 8pm
sat from: 8am to: 3pm




payment options



cash
check
american-express
care-credit
master-card
visa
springstone







proudly serving
brooklyn, new york and the surrounding clinton hill – bedford-stuyvesant – fort greene – brooklyn heights – downtown brooklyn – kings county ny areas.
call us today! (718)783-6228


http://www.b2byellowpages.com/links.shtml













clinton hill dental 
charles grannum, dmd
136 st. james place				brooklyn, new york 11238
 (718)783-6228  drgrannum@aol.com 
 

 what are dental implants?a dental implant is an artificial tooth root that is surgically anchored into your jaw to hold a replacement tooth or bridge in place. the benefit of using implants is that they don't rely on neighboring teeth for support and they are permanent and stable. implants are a good solution to tooth loss because they look and feel like natural teeth. implant material is made from different types of metallic and bone-like ceramic materials that are compatible with body tissue. there are different types of dental implants: the first is placed directly into the jaw bone, like natural tooth roots; the second is used when the jaw structure is limited, therefore, a custom-made metal framework fits directly on the existing bone. how do they work? strategically placed, implants can now be used to support permanently cemented bridges, eliminating the need for a denture. the cost tends to be greater, but the implants and bridges more closely resemble real teeth. can anyone receive dental implants? talk with your dentist about whether you are an implant candidate. you must be in good health and have the proper bone structure and healthy gums for the implant to stay in place. people who are unable to wear dentures may also be good candidates. if you suffer from chronic problems, such as clenching or bruxism, or systemic diseases, such as diabetes, the success rate for implants decreases dramatically. additionally, people who smoke or drink alcohol may not be good candidates.convenient financial terms?clinton hill dental is a full service dental practice and works with most insurance benefits. we strive to make all procedures easily affordable. should you have any questions regarding your insurance coverage or need clarity on your insurance plan, please don't hesitate to call our office at (718) 783-6228. we always have a benefits specialist ready to answer any questions you may have. benefits of laser dentistry?what are the benefits of using dental lasers? there are several advantages. dentists may not need to use a drill or administer anesthesia in some procedures, allowing the patient to enjoy a more relaxed dental experience. laser procedures can be more precise. also, lasers can reduce symptoms and healing times associated with traditional therapies; reduce the amount of bacteria in both diseased gum tissue and in tooth cavities; and control bleeding during surgery. are dental lasers safe? if the dental laser is used according to accepted practices by a trained practitioner, then it is at least as safe as other dental instruments. however, just as you wear sunglasses to protect your eyes from prolonged exposure to the sun, when your dentist performs a laser procedure, you will be asked to wear special eyeglasses to protect your eyes from the laser.am i a candidate for dental implants?generally speaking, if you have lost teeth you are a candidate for dental implants. it is important that you are in good health, however, as there are some conditions and diseases that can affect whether dental implants are right for you. for example, uncontrolled diabetes, cancer, radiation to the jaws, smoking, alcoholism, or uncontrolled periodontal (gum) disease may affect whether dental implants will fuse to your bone. it is important to let your dental surgeon know all about your medical status (past and present) together with all medications you are taking, whether prescribed, alternative (herbal) or over-the-counter.


 

 
 


copyright 2020 clinton hill dental, brooklyn, ny 














