






historic dilworthtown of birmingham township, west chester | a 21st century vision for an 18th century treasure














































home
restaurants

ground provisions
the pear
coming soon

rooney’s at dilworthtown




campus map (pdf)
contact us about leasing
 


select page


  
 



 



 













 
 
 



exciting things are coming to historic dilworthtown!
painter house suites, llc is happy to announce that the unique, historic property which for generations has served as a gathering spot for locals and visitors alike is getting a new lease on life … a 21st century vision for an 18th century treasure!
the buildings formerly known as the dilworthtown inn, the blue pear bistro, and the inn keeper’s kitchen – and their surrounding outbuildings and property – are under new ownership. our mission is to utilize the outbuildings to accommodate small business owners that, combined with the restaurants, will create a working and leisure destination for generations to come.
2024 update: the pear is now open in the former blue pear bistro (dilworthtown store) location. see our news & updates section on this page for more details. click here for a view of our campus map.
our goal is to maintain the charm, elegance, and character of the property, while offering our small business community spaces for their restaurants, specialty retail, luxury services, office spaces, and much more. we are partnering with contractors who share our vision and are committed to preserving these beautiful buildings.
if you are a restaurateur or a small business owner interested in leasing space, you can contact our realtor, anthony nanni of bhhs fox & roach, at 215.915.9967 or email anthony.nanni@foxroach.com.
and, visit this website often for updates!
 
questions and answers


 

 
fall 2024 campus map:
 


click to view pdf
 

 

 


h. frank rupp, jr., owner
telephone:
484.443.8833
email:
painterhousesuites@gmail.com
main office:
10 beatty road, suite 201
media, pa 19063
 
 

news & updates:
 

 
 


the pear isnow open!
 
the pear at dilworthtown, an elegant tavern brought to life by hospitality enthusiasts linda and nick farrell of sovana bistro. the pear invites you to enjoy seasonal cuisine inspired by flavors from around the globe.
nick and linda aim to create a welcoming atmosphere where every guest feels like part of our family. every meal is an opportunity to build lasting relationships, and we can’t wait to share our passion with you.
the food is complemented by a selection of eclectic wines sourced from around the world, craft cocktails, and a rotating selection of local beers. whether you’re joining us for a casual meal with friends or a special celebration, our knowledgeable staff is here to ensure your experience is nothing short of exceptional.
www.thepeardilworthtown.com  •  facebook  •  instagram
 




restaurant hours:

 
tuesday – thursday3:00 pm – 9:00 pm
friday & saturday3:00 pm – 10:00 pm

 
reservations are not requiredbut highly recommended.bar seating is first-come-first-serve.
 
for more information,please visit the pear’s website at:www.thepeardilworthtown.com



 
chadds ford live articles:
 

 
 
blue pear no longer blue

 
vegetables for the carnivore palate

 
new owners for dilworthtown inn

 
 
 
 



brandywine valley authors:
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 




vedge: 100 plates large and small that redefine vegetable cooking
 
by: rich landau & kate jacoby 
 


 



chadds ford: history, heroes and landmarks
 
by: carla westerman 
 
 



beyond the marriage bed

 
by: helen murray sipala 
 
 



brandywine: a military history of the battle that lost philadelphia but saved america, september 11, 1777 
 
by: michael c. harris 
 
 
 


all proceeds benefit the authors.
 
 
 
  


 
 
 



ground provisions
the pear
|
contact us about leasing
privacy policy
 
 





facebook


 © 2020-2024. painter house suites, llc. all rights reserved. home page: wikoff, c. phillip. dilworthtown inn [painting].  login  

 
 
 









