



franklin & marshall college | home




























 















franklin & marshall

 








the diplomat way.
dig deeper. explore further.







academics

                                 									explore programs
                                 
                                 									






admission & aid

                                 									apply now
                                 
                                 									






our campus

                                 									plan your visit
                                 
                                 									





when you become an f&m diplomat, your influence reaches everywhere—the classroom and
                  laboratory, the studio and stage, the playing field, the city of lancaster and beyond.
                  because each step you take, each choice you make, expands into something greater.
to shape the world, start right where you are. that's the diplomat way.



andrew rich appointed president of franklin & marshall college



andrew “andy” rich, dean of the colin powell school for civic and global leadership
                           at the city college of new york (ccny), has been named the 17th president of franklin
                           & marshall college. following a highly competitive, international search process,
                           the f&m board of trustees voted unanimously to appoint rich as president, to begin
                           in july, following a unanimous recommendation from the presidential search committee
                           – consisting of trustees, faculty, staff and student representatives.





meet f&m's 17th president
 




f&m summer classes



at f&m, it’s your summer, your way. whether you're a high school student looking to
                           dip your toes into college academics or a guest college student hoping to stay on
                           track or get ahead with course credits, our summer classes offer a range of flexible
                           options tailored to your academic goals.dive in »










explore, experience, and succeed at f&m






real-world learningresearch an exciting theory, strengthen your resume with an internship, and immerse
                                 yourself in a new culture by studying off campus. at f&m, we take your learning far
                                 beyond the classroom.


learn more »






a global campuswe proudly embrace our global identity and commit ourselves to improving our cultural
                                 fluency. we demonstrate this commitment by recruiting students from around the world,
                                 emphasizing the transformative power of studying abroad, and creating opportunities
                                 to engage with a globalized lancaster.


learn more »






success beyond f&mwe’re a partner in your success on day 1. explore how we engage with students across
                                 all four class years — and discover how that commitment helps you land jobs in leading
                                 industries and gain admission to high-demand graduate and professional programs around
                                 the world.


learn more »









our home: the city of lancaster



f&m's extraordinary home city is an urban oasis. lancaster, pa offers a rich mixture
                           of arts and culture filled with experiences for every taste and preference — all within
                           safe walking distance of campus.discover the city »






    f&m stories      february 19, 2025 student film chronicles french farm living  abby metcalf ’25, a film and media studies major, found herself increasingly immersed in french culture and cinema during her time at f&m. that interest deepened when she studied abroad in france, where she produced her own documentary and participated in the work of a rural farm commune.    read more »      february 18, 2025 f&m’s resident poet inspires students to find their voices  documentary poet niki herd, an assistant professor of english at f&m, is an artist and a teacher who inspires.    read more »      february 12, 2025 ensuring the success of the college that brought them together  katja seim ’95 and john parapatt ’95 met for the first time at f&m in 1992. more than 30 years later, the two demonstrate gratitude for the college that brought them together through philanthropy. “our giving is motivated by a desire for other students to have the opportunities that we had, including financial support,” parapatt said.    read more »    read more stories » 










academics

                              							explore programs
                              
                              							






admission & aid

                              							apply now
                              
                              							






our campus

                              							plan your visit
                              
                              							











our website has been designed with accessibility in mind and incorporates many accessible
                     features. if you are experiencing difficulty accessing a college website, or content
                     located on a college website (video, document, etc.), please contact us at websters@fandm.edu.
                     the college does not make representations with regard to the accessibility of third-party
                     websites and is not able to remediate accessibility barriers on such websites.


© 2025 franklin & marshall college
p.o. box 3003, lancaster, pa 17604-3003
general information: 717-358-3911

facebook
                     										
twitter
                     										
instagram
                     										

linkedin
                     										

 privacy policy |




calendargivecareersf&m bookstorecontactstoriesnondiscriminationcommunity & belongingprivacyeventsfields of studymydiplomat
















javascript is required to view this site.
please enable javascript to continue browsing.



 ©






