







dealing with meniere's disease symptoms: from hopeless to hopeful





































 skip to primary navigation skip to main content skip to primary sidebar skip to secondary sidebar skip to footermenieres-disease.cameniere’s disease blog
what finally worked
meniere’s disease newsletter
contact us
approaching meniere's disease positively - there is hopedealing with meniere’s disease symptoms: from hopeless to hopeful

my husband has meniere’s disease and he says, “some days, life just wasn’t worth living!”  if you have this disease, or if you know anyone who has this horrible disease i bet they also feel like that. david still has his disease, but he no longer has the symptoms that made his life so unbearable at times.
do you suffer from dizzy spells?  have you been diagnosed with meniere’s disease?
i have had meniere’s disease for several years, and it was so bad at times i would have to crawl to bed and spend one or maybe two days just lying there because i was so dizzy. 
this could happen on a daily basis. 
i had to stop working, and haven’t worked for about three years. i had to plan my days around how i felt in the morning. some days driving or walking was out of the question and even on the mornings when i felt ok i would never know when i would get dizzy. 
the next thing that happened was i began to get very depressed. 
i started to have financial problems and i was a prisoner in my own home. i went from being self sufficient to totally reliant on other people. 
i had seen my family doctor and had the normal prescription drugs for meniere’s, all to no avail. i was referred to a specialist and had all the hearing test and an mri done, again to no avail. 
one doctor i spoke to on the internet was experiencing the same problems as i was. he would have to be carried out of his office and driven home, and cancel all his appointments. 
he found an interesting solution for meniere’s, and i decided to see if it would work for me. i had nothing to loose except a few dollars and i had spent a lot on prescription drugs, which didn’t work. 
his solution was a combination of high quality vitamins and nutritional supplements. i started this in the middle of may 2000 and by the beginning of june my dizzy spells were gone. 
i was fine until i was admitted to the hospital this nov. 2000 for one week. my doctor took me off the vitamins and nutritional supplements and at the end of five days i was dizzy again. the next day i was discharged and started taking my vitamin’s and nutritional supplements again and two days later i was dizzy free.
primary sidebarsearch this website
the meniere’s disease study guide:
if you would like a copy of our meniere’s disease study guide, please click here.
this guide is a step by step journey through your symptoms and what may be causing them.



recent posts


the signs and symptoms of meniere’s disease simply explained


meniere’s disease is a condition affecting the nerves of one or both inner ears.


i have had meniere’s disease for several years now.


do you suffer from dizzy spells? have you been diagnosed with meniere’s disease?


how to explore your own meniere’s  disease symptoms



our most popular meniere’s disease articles

the symptoms of meniere’s disease simply explained
meniere’s disease symptoms – vertigo or vertigo disease
meniere’s disease symptoms – dizziness
meniere’s disease symptoms – nausea
meniere’s disease symptoms – tinnitus
meniere’s disease symptoms – ear pain and inner ear pressure
meniere’s disease symptoms – hearing loss
the difference between hearing loss and hearing fluctuation
meniere’s disease diagnosis and testing
some causes of meniere’s disease and the effects of the symptoms
meniere’s disease treatment options to get relief from your symptoms



email responses
we respond to every email request within a few days.  if you have requested the “what finally worked” information from us or you have left us a comment or question and you did not get a reply, please email us again.  if it has taken longer than a few days, then our reply to you has been lost somewhere, or we have not received your email request for some reason.


secondary sidebarcategories

allergies and meniere's disease

balance and hearing

blood pressure and meniere's disease

causes of meniere's disease

diagnosis and understanding meniere's disease

general meniere's disease health information

meniere's disease diagnosis

meniere's disease diet information

meniere's disease faqs

meniere's disease symptoms

possible relief from meniere's disease

success stories

testimonials

treatments for meniere's disease



archives

february 2024
october 2023
august 2023
april 2023
february 2023
october 2022
july 2022
february 2022
november 2021
august 2021
may 2021
november 2020
september 2020
may 2020
april 2020
march 2020
september 2019
august 2019
june 2019
march 2019
february 2019
january 2019
december 2018


footerwho we are;
karin and david have been online since the late 1990’s sharing information about meniere’s disease and what finally worked for david. we answer all of the emails personally and we have numerous resources that we are happy to share with you.
karin and david – partners in david’s struggle with meniere’s disease


how to reach us;
21362 river road
maple ridge. b.c.
canada, v2x 2b3
(604) 463-8666
(pacific standard time)
contact us


privacy policy | copyright © 2025




