



acme awning | custom canvas awnings and canopies in the twin cities metro area of minnesota








































































 




skip to content

























 
homeawning imagesawning descriptions commercial awnings residential awnings louvered pergola motorized retractable awnings rainproof retractable patio structuresresources eco friendly awnings awning energy report sunbrella showroom sunbrella care & cleaningproject of the monthcontact us








 







 

























custom awnings in minneapolis, st. paul & greater twin cities













 call us: 612.722.2731 click here


















acme awning is the most experienced manufacturer of custom canvas awnings and canopies in the twin cities metro area of minnesota, including minneapolis, st. paul and surrounding counties. we have been designing and building commercial awnings and residential home awnings for over 80 years.

















experience
when hiring a company to provide a custom product, it is important to work with a team that has a proven track record of success. from our metal shop and sewing factory to our sales and install teams, acme awning brings robust experience and expertise to meet our customers needs. whether your project is large or small, we are here to help.













commercial awnings and canopies 














residential canvas and aluminum awnings 














retractable awnings, motorized & manual 














deck & patio covers, window awnings, and sun shades 











awning and canopy recovers 













gennius rainproof retractable awnings 










eco friendly
are you making eco-friendly choices for your home or business? awnings are a green, sustainable, and stylish addition!
* reduce energy consumption
* protect interiors from sun damage
* enhance outdoor living spaces
selection
choose from a large variety of designs or let us custom design to your specifications.
free estimates! call us (612) 722-2731,
email us, or use our online request form.


























 














acme awning






acme awning is the premier awning company in minnesota.
serving minnesota and western wisconsin including the minneapolis, st. paul and surrounding areas.
give us a call today.
open by appointment only.









brands






























































additional resources







home
project of the month
awning images
contact us










get in touch!













(612) 722-2731 














3206 bloomington avenueminneapolis, mn 55407 














info@acmeawning.com 


















© 2025 acme awning. all rights reserved.









acme awning site by superior lighthouse, llc









 
















