eastgate pools and spas

 pools+spas+outdoor furniture+fire pitsservice+about+contactrequest informationpoolsingroundabove groundhybridaccessoriessafetyspasbrandscoverssafetyoutdoor furniturepatioumbrellasgrillsfire pitsserviceservice departmentfaqsowner's manualsaboutabout useperxcareersnews & tipsmake a paymentcontactrequest informationresort living... at homewhether you want your home to have a luxurious air or a fun atmosphere, you’ve come to the right place. eastgate pools & spas can help you create the personal recreation area you’ve always dreamed of owning, whether you prefer an inground pool, a luxurious hot tub, or a beautiful outdoor seating or dining area on your greater cincinnati property.call today!resort living... at homewhether you want your home to have a luxurious air or a fun atmosphere, you’ve come to the right place. eastgate pools & spas can help you create the personal recreation area you’ve always dreamed of owning, whether you prefer an inground pool, a luxurious hot tub, or a beautiful outdoor seating or dining area on your greater cincinnati property.call today!why eastgate?unmatched selection of in-stock products the highest quality, long-lasting construction latest styles in outdoor furniture prompt, knowledgeable service ready to help open year-round for your convenienceover 40 years experiencethe largest pool builder in the region, we are your full-service swimming pool supply store. whether you are looking for an in-ground pool, above ground pool, hot tub, or spa, we’ve got you covered.award winningeastgate pools is honored to have been awarded one of our industry’s highest honors, hall of fame member of the aqua 100! it recognizes our excellence of products, competitive prices, and unmatched service.poolswe have more than 40 years of experience in the pool industry, and we’re also the only greater cincinnati region builder to have earned membership in the aqua 100 hall of fame. together, these achievements prove that we put hard work and an eye for detail into every recreational feature we install.inground poolswe’ve been installing premium, steel wall, inground swimming pools for four decades.view ingroundabove ground poolswith a variety of round and oval sizes, we can help you customize the look you want and at a price you can afford.view above groundhybrid poolsour sensation hybrid pools are a compromised between in- and above-ground, and the perfect option for sloping terrain.view hybridspas & hot tubseastgate pools & spas is your ultimate destination for quality hot tubs at affordable prices! whether you want an intimate hot tub perfectly sized for just you and a special friend, or one big enough for a neighborhood party, we have the one that’s calling your name.view spas & hot tubsoutdoor furniturewe have the latest styles and the largest selection in the greater cincinnati area. with high quality patio seating, dining sets, umbrellas, and fire pits, find the look you’re looking for right here.view outdoor furnituregrillseastgate pools is your home for world famous big green egg ceramic grills and grill accessories. whether cooking burgers or an eight-pound pork roast, you’ll love the taste and the cooking eggsperience.view grillsfrom our customersso convenient. eastgate pools had everything i need last time i stopped in. you make owning a pool easy! - jesse, eastgate, ohfrom our customersthanks to you guys, my pool no longer looks like the neighborhood eyesore! - janet, west chester, ohiofrom our customersi’ve been a customer for 25 years. you’ve opened and closed my pool for 23 of the 25 years. thanks. - art, aurora, indianafrom our customersi wanted to drop you a short note to let you know how great my new pool looks. amazing! - jim and sara, loveland, ohabout eastgate poolsfor more than 40 years, we have offered an unmatched, in-stock selection, the highest quality construction, and the latest styles in pools, spas, and outdoor furniture. we’re open 7 days a week to offer prompt, knowledgeable service to loyal customers and those just dipping a toe in alike.learn more about uslatest news & insightsnews & tipsloading content...read morenews & tipsloading content...read morenews & tipsloading content...read moreready to dive in?request informationvisit our showroom685 cincinnati-batavia pikecincinnati, oh 45245get directionshoursm - f: 10am - 7pmsaturday: 10am - 6pmsunday: 11am - 5pmget in touchshowroom: (513) 528-4141service: (513) 528-8878get email updatesdon’t fill this out if you're human: email addresssign upfollow us© 2025 eastgate pools & spas

