













cuna credit union - cunacu.org















cunacu.org














 
cuna credit union was organized on september 14, 1935, by the employees of cuna, inc., cuna mutual insurance society, and cuna supply co-op. located in wisconsin, this was their website for a number of years.
content is from the site's 1997 -1998 archived pages.

in 2005, cuna credit union changed its name to great wisconsin credit union (gwcu) and then, in 2008, changed its name to summit credit union, merging in the former summit credit union, formerly state capitol employees credit union, maintaining cuna/great wisconsin’s original charter and field of membership.
their current website is found at:
https://www.summitcreditunion.com/
 
"i am contemplating securing a loan from cuna credit union. my research on this institution revealed that it was established on september 14, 1935, a fact that provides a sense of stability and reliability crucial for entering into a financial agreement. my objective is to garner sufficient funds to kickstart an online jewelry venture, specializing exclusively in sterling silver rings. given the importance of search engine optimization (seo) for online visibility, allocating resources towards a robust seo strategy is essential to achieve high search rankings. i'm going to hire one of the best seos and development teams and they are standing by. drawing inspiration from sterlingforever.com, a leading name consistently dominating search results for sterling silver rings, i aim to replicate their success model. in my pursuit, i've diligently gathered information about cuna, engaged with their representatives, and meticulously prepared my business proposal. upon submission of my detailed plan and financial projections, i was delighted to receive approval for the loan amount i sought. this approval marks an exciting milestone." jenn lowe
 


historical content from 1997 -1998


cuna credit union will do whatever is necessary to enhance the growth and development of our member-owners financial well-being.
 a brief history of cuna credit union
 member service: an important focus
 a dedication to the community
 yesterday, today, and tomorrow
 meet our board of directors
 meet our senior management team
 meet our management team
 1997 annual report
 

cuna credit union was organized on september 14, 1935, by the employees of cuna, inc., cuna mutual insurance society, and cuna supply co-op. cuna credit union was founded and grew on the philosophy of meeting members' financial needs with personalized service. the founders, including famous credit union pioneers such as thomas doig and roy f. bergengren, sought the opportunity to offer credit union services for anyone who did not have services available to them. as a result, cuna credit union received a unique, open charter from the state of wisconsin meaning anyone, anywhere could join the credit union.
through the decades, our members have become busier with the trials and tribulations of their own daily lives. no one has nine-to-five schedules anymore. cuna credit union recognizes the need to offer services that will accommodate a hectic lifestyle.
in 1988, the credit union introduced quick teller-a voice response system that enables members to check balances, to see if a check has cleared, and more...24-hours-a-day, 7-days-a-week. in addition, we now offer access to loans on a 24 hour basis. members can talk with someone about their needs when it's convenient for them. loan approvals take just a few minutes now, not days. it won't be too long before home banking via computers will be available. keeping up with the latest in technology is part of our service commitment to you. our goal is to offer our members the best the world has to offer.
pc branch 
cuna credit union has a strong commitment to our members and the community. we believe it's important to give back to the community where our members live.
since 1992 cuna credit union, along with other area credit unions, has participated in march of dimes' fight for healthier babies. each year the credit union spirit team has hundreds of members and employees walking and raising money for this worthwhile cause. during the past four years, the team has raised over $65,000 in support of research for healthier babies.
beginning in 1998, cuna credit union and several madison area credit unions will be supporting and raising money for the children's miracle network - cmn is about helping kids with health problems - from rare childhood diseases to aids to cancer to accident victims. all money raised in dane county, will be used at the milwaukee children's hospital, last year 270 kids were helped! the money is used to purchase highly specialized equipment, research, and covering the cost of expensive procedures. all children are helped regardless of ability to pay. the nationwide credit union effort "credit unions for kids" program raised $2.3 million for cmn in its second year (1996-1997). local fundraising efforts include t-shirt sales with the cmn "credit union for kids" logo, a "credit union's have a heart for kids" paperchain, and several other events.
also in 1998, cuna provided funding for several small businesses providing goods and services to their local communities. sunlight fine rug care (new york city) which has provided services to our main offices for many years was approved for short term financing to enable them to begin offering services via the internet. they now offer heirloom persian carpet cleaning nyc and other services from their new website. vigor yoga was also approved for short term financing which enabled them to expand their premises to include more clients. both these businesses are now thriving examples of the good works being done by cuna credit union.
in 1996, cuna credit union began developing a long-term commitment to the boys & girls club of dane county (formally the south madison neighborhood center) by offering a credit recovery mentoring program and an after-school educational and snack program. the credit union also supports the families who use the dane county domestic abuse & intervention service. we donate children's welcome kits filled with a coloring book, writing materials, and a stuffed animal of the credit union's kids club mascot to help the children feel more comfortable during a sometimes frightening time.
a myriad of things have changed in the world and even for cuna credit union in the past sixty years. cuna credit union has grown to over $140 million in assets and has over 38,000 members.
although change surrounds all of us, the most important things at cuna credit union have remained constant. that is, cuna credit union's commitment to our purpose...not for profit, not for charity, but for service. and cuna credit union still offers a safe place to borrow and save money, while providing our members with financial services to enhance their lives.
when you join cuna credit union, you are a member-owner of one of the area's largest and most progressive credit unions. progressive in the products and services we offer and how we deliver them. and being a member-owner of cuna credit union is a unique opportunity to have a voice in the new products and services you want most. that's what cuna credit union is all about: yesterday, today, and tomorrow. people helping people.

 
#####
an aside: when i moved from wisconsin to nyc, i considered keeping my accounts at summit credit union. i had been banking there for more than a decade. i remember when it was still called the cuna credit union. i thought that with online banking there was no need to switch. however, seven years later i am still living in nyc and have recently decided to make the change.
the internet makes many things that one has always done a certain way obsolete. you can buy all your clothes online, go grocery shopping online, pay your bills, bank and even buy or replace prescription glasses. the trip to a glasses store is no longer necessary if one has their prescription in hand. just recently i needed to replace one of my glasses lens that i had badly scratched. instead of taking the time to go to a glasses store, i just went online to eyeglasses.com, filled out the form for replacement lens, popped my frames into an envelope and sent them to eyeglasses.com. two weeks later my frames were returned with the new prescription lens.
i suppose i could have kept my money in summit credit union, but honestly it was smarter to open an account at a local bank which just happens to across the street from where i live. i no longer have to pay atm fees when i want to get some cash. i might consider summit credit union if i were going to apply for a loan, but i would compare rates with my local bank to see where i get the best deal.
life moves on.
#####
 


 
convenience . . . it means different things to different members. convenience means having services that are top-notch and easy to use. to others, it means getting answers quickly to questions or being able to apply for a loan with a touchtone phone. and still to others, convenience means having a friendly representative to help out when needed. cuna credit union offers all of these conveniences and much more! 





 pc branch    new!

 person to person loans
 quick teller
 quick check card
 atm card
 direct deposit






 
 pc branch    new!
cuna credit union now offers pc banking. with our pc branch system, you can conduct transactions through our internet home page by clicking on the above pc branch icon. use it to...

transfer money between accounts
check your account balance
inquire about cleared checks, deposits, and withdrawals
print a copy of your statement
take an advance of a line of credit
request fund withdrawal by check
reorder your checks
view annual tax information


pc branch is safe and easy to use. click now on the pc branch icon and see for yourself!
 person to person loans
call anytime 24-hours-a-day, 7-days-a-week! it's a fast and easy way to learn about our different loans, calculate monthly payments and do "what-if" scenarios. a signature is all we'll need once you're approved.* we may even be able to handle everything by mail. in madison, call 244-2400; outside of madison, call (800) 454-9284.
*approval subject to cuna credit union's normal underwriting guidelines and standards.

 quick teller
it's easy, it's free, and you're automatically enrolled. this convenient service enables you to check your account balances, inquire on cleared checks, withdraw money, transfer money from one account to another and more . . . any time, any day, and from any touchtone phone. just follow these simple steps . . . 

here's how to use quick teller:
1) call

madison area: 244-2400
toll-free: (800) 454-9284


2) you'll need:

your member account number
your password

 
3) follow the instructions given by the automated teller . . .


find out your account balances
inquire on cleared checks
transfer money from one account to another
request a check to be sent to you
request redi-credit and home equity line-of-credit advances
and more!!



 quick check card
we designed our quick check card for the person who's always on the go, whether it's around town, across the country, or across the sea. it's the one travel companion you won't want to leave behind.

quick check gives you access to your checking account anytime, anywhere . . . all for $6.00 a year. use it like a credit card at any place that accepts visa, but the money will come out of your checking account. it's quicker and easier than writing a check! plus, there's no need to show your id.

or use quick check as a tyme card at thousands of automated teller machines worldwide. many financial institutions will charge extra for using your quick check (tyme) card outside of the tyme network. not us! use your card at any plus network machine, and the "extra charge" is on us!
 atm card
you can use your atm card at thousands of automated teller machines (atms) worldwide to receive cash when you need it.
overdraft protection:

savings transfers 
	automatic transfers in increments 
	of $100 will be made to your checking account 
	to cover overdrafts. this is a free service.
	 
redi-credit line of credit transfers

	you can protect yourself from mathematical errors by applying for 
	redi-credit. if approved, money will be transferred from
	this loan to your checking account in $100 increments 
	to cover overdrafts. you make small payments every 
	month that won't cramp your lifestyle.


 direct deposit
the fastest way between you and your paycheck. you can have your payroll directly deposited into your cuna credit union checking or savings account. you can set up automatic transfers to your loan, christmas club, ira, or any other account!
 
checking accounts
free checking
finally, an account that takes the worry out of charges and fees. with cuna credit union's free checking (share draft) account, you'll never have to think about maintaining a minimum balance again. and you won't be charged a monthly checking fee either. our free checking account has no fees and even includes unlimited checkwriting.

if you're always on the go, no problem. get cuna credit union's quick check card. use your quick check card just like a credit card at any place that accepts visa, but the money comes right out of your checking account. or use quick check as a tyme card and we'll give you 6 withdrawals free per month. unlike other financial institutions, deposits (in wis. only) and transfers are always free at any tyme machine.
dividend checking
we offer dividend checking for those who want more from their checking account. with an average daily balance of $750, you'll earn dividends and avoid a $6.00 monthly service charge. enjoy writing 30 checks per month with no fee. you can also use your quick check card and avoid writing checks! plus, enjoy 6 withdrawals free per month at any tyme machine. we'll waive all monthly checking fees (excluding tyme fees) if you have a first or second mortgage with cuna credit union or if you maintain $1,000 in your high-earning savings, investor's choice, certificate, or individual retirement account (ira).
loan checking
getting a loan soon? why not save yourself some money while you're at it. open a loan checking account and anytime you need a loan, you'll receive a .10% decrease on most closed-end loans* from cuna credit union. this is not a one-time deal. you can use the bonus on any future loans.

maintain a $300 minimum balance and avoid the monthly fee of $5.00. write up to 30 checks per month without a charge. we'll waive all monthly checking fees (excluding tyme fees) if you have a first or second mortgage with cuna credit union or if you maintain $1,000 in your high-earning savings, investor's choice, certificate, or individual retirement account.

don't forget your quick check card. quick check can be used just like a credit card at any place that accepts visa, but the money comes right out of your checking account. or use quick check as a tyme card and we'll give you 6 withdrawals free per month. unlike other financial institutions, deposits and transfers are always free at any tyme machine.

*most closed-end consumer loans are included. excludes visa credit
cards, redi-credit and home equity lines of credit, lot/land/
construction, student loans and first mortgages. no refinances.
new money only. qualified borrowers only.
vip checking

if you're 60 years old or better, then we have the club for you! join cuna credit union's vip club and receive exciting perks. earn dividends on an average daily balance of $750. with your vip checking, you'll receive a free quick check or tyme card with no annual fee and unlimited withdrawals, deposits, and transfers at any tyme machine.

there's more! you'll receive free customized checks, free money orders, free travelers checks, and free photocopies. for your added enjoyment, you'll receive a quarterly newsletter filled with timely information that's important to you! with a minimum balance of $5,000 in your savings, investor's choice, checking or certificate, we will waive all monthly checking fees.
 
christmas club
tuck away a little at a time for that special holiday. you'll receive your money in october for early shopping convenience. you can make deposits in person, by mail, or by payroll deduction - whichever is easiest!
custodial accounts
here's an easy way to save for your youth's future plans. this unique account is unavailable to your youth until 21 years of age.
certificates - choose from terms of 90 days to five years.

regular
a low minimum deposit can get you started earning a higher return on your sound investment. balances over $10,000 earn even more.

youth
a great way to start a college fund with a low minimum deposit of only $500.
individual retirement accounts (ira)
save for retirement and enjoy the tax benefits now. (please consult your tax advisor.) unlike other financial institutions, we don't charge any
maintenance fees.
ira builder
use this account to start saving for retirement slowly. open your account
with as little as you want. there is no penalty for rolling this account over into a certificate.

ira certificates
enjoy several options from one to five year terms with competitive rates.

roth ira
this new ira can be used to save for your first new home, or your retirement as a tax-free investment. that means you pay no taxes on earnings or upon withdrawals if you keep your money in the account for five years and are 59 ½, or you use it to buy your first home.

education ira
the education ira is an opportunity for parents and grandparents to save for their children or grandchildren's education. contribute up to $500 tax free per year. money in the education ira can be transferred from one child to another in the same family. money can be contributed until the child reaches age 18 and must be used for higher education expensed for the child before age 30.
convenient service

quick teller
it's easy, it's free, and you're automatically enrolled. this convenient service enables you to check your account balances, inquire on cleared checks, withdraw money, transfer money from one account to another and more . . . any time, any day, and from any touchtone phone.
244-2400 or 244-cuna

direct deposit
the fastest way between you and your paycheck. you can have your payroll directly deposited into your cuna credit union checking or savings account. you can set up automatic transfers to your loan, christmas club, ira, or any other account!
 

business checking

we have created a business account for small business owners like yourself with extremely competitive rates and fees. you can also deposit up to 20 checks per visit without a fee. this account has a monthly service fee.
 


 
west office
401 south yellowstone drive
(three blocks east of west towne mall at
mineral point road and yellowstone drive)
608-244-2400
608-271-6982 fax
608-271-2149 tdd
lobby hours



monday - thursday
9:00 - 5:00


friday
9:00 - 5:30


saturday
9:00 - 12:00 noon





drive thru



monday - friday
7:30 - 6:00


saturday
9:00 - 12:00 noon





mailing address
po box 5428
madison, wi 53705-0428

 

east office
1799 thierer road
(located one block west of east towne mall
at east washington ave and thierer road)
608-244-2400
608-244-8010 fax
608-271-2149 tdd
lobby hours



monday - thursday
9:00 - 5:00


friday
9:00 - 5:30


saturday
9:00 - 12:00 noon





drive thru



monday - friday
7:30 - 6:00


saturday
9:00 - 12:00 noon





mailing address
po box 3357
madison, wi 53704-0357

 

international commons
5810 mineral point
(located in the credit union center)
608-244-2400
608-231-2030 fax
608-271-2149 tdd
lobby hours



monday - friday
8:00 - 2:00






 

nationwide
800-454-9284
 
quick teller
madison: 244-2400 or 246-cuna
toll-free: 800-454-9284




cunacu.org












