 


energy security in focus: institute for the analysis of global security











































home

about us

our mission
our experts
contact us


publications

journal of energy security
reports
books


projects

u.s. energy security council
global forum on energy security
joint alcohol fuel automobile alliance
set america free coalition
mobility choice coalition
strategic energy metals


iags in the news

on camera

support iags

















































 



















2
8
6
3
7
5
4
10
11
15
16
17
18
19
20
jquery slider by wowslider.com v8.7












the iags mission: energy security




		
		the institute for the analysis of global security (iags) is a non-profit organization which directs attention to the strong link between
		energy and security and provides a stage for public debate on the
		various avenues to strengthening the world's energy security. 



watch: energy security roundtable 









latest energy security news



protecting offshore oil and gas installations: security threats and countervailing measures
frontline nato: energy, science and the warfighter
expanding the value of operational energy
hydrocarbon nation: algeria's energy future
why energy forecasting goes wildly wrong
iraq's oil police
the hydrocarbon potential of the republic of cyprus and nicosia?s export options
ten years after the northeast blackout: how secure is our grid?
book review: shale gas: the promise and the peril
luft & korin in foreign affairs: the myth of u.s. energy dependence 
luft: the energy-security paradox 
korin wsj debate: should the u.s. export natural gas? 
luft and korin: the folly of energy independence
heavy fuel
korin and woolsey: the flexible fuel answer to opec
luft's book chapter in energy and environmental challenges to security
korin and woolsey's article "how to break both oil?s monopoly and opec?s cartel" in mit's innovations magazine
oil and the new economic order
poland's energy security: dealing with russia
report to nato on dependence on middle east oil
the terrorist threat to liquefied natural gas: fact or fiction?
energy security reports and studies
india's hidden civil war: consequences for energy security
china's oil rush in africa
an energy pearl harbor
energy security in east asia
the connection:  water and energy security
how utilities can save america from its oil addiction
india's energy security challenge
nato forum on energy security & technology
energy security and liquefied natural gas
hybrid cars: the slow drive to energy security
a strategic approach to pipeline security
target energy: iags energy security conference 2004
finding technological solutions to the energy-water nexus
national security experts call to reduce dependence on oil
who will buy lng security?











 




















the dollar's status as the world's preeminent currency, together with the u.s. military, has underlain american power since world war ii. in a sweeping review of one of the most seminal yet least noticed developments in international affairs, gal luft and anne korin describe how an emerging coalition of revisionist countries, rogue governments, techno-visionaries and sanctioned entities, buttressed by innovations like blockchain and 5g, are working to push the dollar off of its reserve currency throne. 


































energy security resources







"the obama administration would do itself and our economy a great service if it brought back the office of energy czar for the purpose of making this book's thesis a reality - and made its co-authors, anne korin and gal luft, co-czars." the washington times











"remarkable collection spanning geopolitics, economy and technology. this timely and comprehensive volume is a one stop shop for anyone interested in one of the most important issues in international relations."

u.s. senator richard g. lugar 












"a small masterpiece -- right on the money both strategically  and technically, witty, far-sighted, and barbeques a number of sacred cows. absolutely do not miss this."

r. james woolsey, former cia director

"the book is going to become the bible for everyone who is  serious about energy and national security."

robert c. mcfarlane, former u.s. national security advisor



















 



 



 



	property of the institute for the analysis of global security © 2003-2022. all rights reserved.	
contact us





