





corduzin.com

























                         for stamina and sustained energy
                    







product
success stories
reviews
about us
shipping & returns




 call us: (877) 677 3937






















































friendly us based customer service



180 day money back guarantee



free shipping
when you subscribe & save!



180-day money back guarantee for all unopened bottles. no questions asked.
free shipping on all subscriptions
questions? call us 877 677 3937















for stamina and sustained energy

take corduzin when training for endurance support*








4.7 13 reviews


go the distance
with corduzin
take corduzin when training for strength and endurance support* 
corduzin was developed to help increase metabolism and energy levels and promote circulatory and heart health.*  



corduzin was developed to help increase energy levels and promote circulatory and heart health.* 





monthly subscription 
shipped & billed every 30 days. cancel anytime


$89.50
$63.50







corduzin - 1 month 
try it for one month at regular price


$89.50
$89.50







corduzin - 4 months 
save $89.50! (25% off - buy 3 get 1 free)


$358.00
$268.50







corduzin - 6 months 
save $179! (33% off - buy 4 get 2 free)


$537.00
$358.00







corduzin - 12 months 
save $447.50! (42% off - buy 7 get 5 free) best value!


$1,074.00
$626.50






runners, cyclists, triathletes and ordinary folks everywhere trust corduzin to help keep their endurance and metabolism levels high and their circulatory and nervous systems in shape!*

                    







corduzin | nutrients for endurance
what's in corduzin? how does is work?
corduzin contains a proprietary formula of high quality ingredients known to support heart and circulatory health and energy production*

110 mg of coq10

supports heart health* 
provides antioxidant support* 
supports energy metabolism* 
protect cells from oxidative stress* 
coq10 is an antioxidant found in organs with the highest energy needs, such as the heart, where it helps fight free radicals in the body and supports energy metabolism* 
helps convert food into cellular energy*
coq10 provides antioxidant support to protect cells from oxidative stress and supports heart function*




200 mg alpha lipoid acid

cellular energy support: a key component of the metabolic process, alpha lipoic acid produces energy in muscles and directs calories into energy production.*
nervous system support: alpha lipoic acid modulates nitric oxide metabolite activity and promotes healthy microcirculation.*
supports carbohydrate metabolism: alpha lipoic acid supports healthy carbohydrate uptake and helps to maintain healthy carbohydrate utilization.*




100 mg grape seed extract

a highly concentrated extract with a minimum of 90% polyphenols, including oligomeric proanthocyanidins (opcs), which are the potent water-soluble free radical scavenging compounds found in grape seeds.*
a growing body of research indicates that grape seed opcs may help to support the health of vascular, bone, kidney, brain, and other tissues by supporting a healthy immune response to normal oxidative and metabolic stress.*




82 mg fenugreek seed extract

may support upper and lower body strength and power output.




80 mg hawthorn berry powder 

provides antioxidant properties
traditionally used to support the circulatory system




80 mg green tea leaf extract

provides antioxidant properties
contains a small dose of caffeine (about the same as a cup of green tea) for an instant energy boost




47 mg cinnamon bark

loaded with antioxidants
studies show that this spice and its antioxidants have potent anti-inflammatory properties




45 mg of turmeric (95% curcuminoids)

curcumin, the active compound of turmeric, may help reduce the repetitive trauma, inflammation, and pain that training can cause.*
















we've shipped 250,000+ health related orders over a 21 year period.  
we've shipped 250,000+ health related orders over a 20 year period.
over 50,000 pacific health, inc. customers have trusted us to help them take care of themselves. we take pride in helping them continue doing what they love to do!

we are a small business that specializes in serving innovative health products to highly-specific niche markets. over 60,000 athletes and health-conscious professionals have trusted us to help them take care of their bodies.  

see what customers are saying about corduzin







see more reviews









proudly formulated and manufactured in the united states 
in 2004 we began helping runners and cyclists in promoting and maintaining their healthy lifestyles by offering products that we thought might interest them and help them continue doing what they love to do for as long as possible. 
after almost two decades and having served thousands of customers, we continue to provide quality products for the running, cycling, and endurance sports communities.
if you’re interested in maintaining and enhancing your endurance levels then corduzin might be right for you.

we are headquartered in bellingham, washington. our corner of the pacific northwest is a great place to run, ski and ride!






achieve breakthrough performance levels
corduzin is scientifically formulated to reduce fatigue and increase energy levels.* it also provides ingredients that support heart health and may protect cells from oxidative stress.* add corduzin to your regimen and you may see a huge difference in your performance in juist a few weeks.*



proudly formulated and manufactured in the united states
pacific health, inc. was founded in 2003. the following year we launched corduzin and began helping runners and cyclists maintain and improve their physical performance. 
now athletes everywhere count on corduzin to help them achieve breakthrough performance levels. those who want to go farther faster trust corduzin.






after almost two decades and having served thousands of customers, we continue to provide quality products for the running, cycling, tennis and horseback riding communities.
we are headquartered in bellingham, washington. our corner of the pacific northwest is a great place to run, ski and ride!






we are committed to serving our customers
dedicated to quality assurance, friendly customer service and ongoing innovation, we offer only the best health foods, vitamins and supplements.
pacific health is here to help you and your family maintain lifelong health.


friendly customer care

call us! we are standing by and here for you.
our commitment to quality and care is reflected by our dedicated staff who are available to answer your questions monday through saturday from 5a-5p pst.


fast shipping times

order today. get it in a few business days.
depending on package size your order will ship via first class or priority mail. it usually arrives at your door in 2-5 business days.


6 month risk free trial

we want you to be satisfied and enjoy what we have to offer.
if you aren't satisfied for whatever reason simply return your unopened bottles within six months of your purchase for a pro-rated refund.







building trust since 2003
our mission
our inital goal with corduzin was to help competitive athletes achieve breakthrough performance  levels and run and cycle more miles faster.* but who knew the product would catch on with weekend warriors and ordinary folks everywhere. if you want to experience more energy and improve your overall endurance, try corduzin!*
our goal is to help people with healthy, active lifestyles continue doing what they love to do for as long as possible.












              “corduzin has helped my energy, endurance, and recovery time.*”
         

steven adler phoenix, az












product information

lurosil® advanced
lurosil® original
corduzin™
customer reviews 





customer care

faq
shipping and returns
privacy policy
terms and conditions





popular brands

claroxan® - eye health
optimis7® - eye drops
lurosil® - joint health 
corduzin® - cardio
 






contact info

pacific health, inc p.o. box 2429 bellingham wa 98227
ph:  877 677 3937
e:  service@pachealth.com
©2024 pacific health, inc. all rights reserved




*these statements have not been evaluated by the fda. this product is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure or prevent any disease. success stories are not typical. customers featured in the success stories section of this website may have received free or discounted product after submitting their stories.










