







juniper hill golf course - northborough, ma



















































reservations: 508.393.2444

book a tee timeemail club
 










hometee timesgolf
course ratesriverside golf courselakeside golf coursehandicap renew/joinget directionsteaching center
player developmentjunior golfcenter directionsevents
tournamentsbanquets & eventsevents calendarget directionsfacilitiesstorecontact
























juniper hill golf course
your next golf adventure

												book a tee time






 

scroll down













 









                                                    juniper hill                        
                        
                    
located in central massachusetts
juniper hill golf course is a must play for any boston or worcester golfer. we provide two challenging courses: riverside and lakeside. the riverside course is best described as sporty, interesting and picturesque as the assabet river winds its way through the course, providing a beautiful setting. the lakeside course is a challenging carolina-style course that takes full advantage of its new england setting.

riverside golf course
lakeside golf course





















 




                                            banquets & events                    
                    
                
consider juniper hill, near worcester, massachusetts for a worry-free event experience. 
view
event info





 




                                            player development                    
                    
                
we offer private, group and on course instructions. learn from the best.
learn more





 




                                            junior golf                    
                    
                
our number one goal in our junior golf program is to make sure your children enjoy themselves playing golf.
learn more












join our e-club
 





nameemail


    please enable the javascript to submit this form



























book a tee time: 508.393.2444202 brigham street, northborough, ma 01532
 
© 2023 juniper hill golf course | contact us | site mapdesigned and hosted by 1-2-1 marketing





close 







home








tee times








rates








contact







hometee timesgolf
course ratesriverside golf courselakeside golf coursehandicap renew/joinget directionsteaching center
player developmentjunior golfcenter directionsevents
tournamentsbanquets & eventsevents calendarget directionsfacilitiesstorecontact


reservations: 508.393.2444 
book a tee timeemail club
  





×





 






×



juniper hill is now closed for the season
lakeside, riverside and the practice green are closed. 
no one is allowed on the course!
the staff of juniper hill would like to thank everyone for a great year see you in the spring!
the proshop is open monday - friday 7:00 am - 4:00 pm 




