








welcome to cass county, ne | guide to recreational activities






































































 
 





skip to content
















 things to doparks & wildlifehistory & museumsfamily funeat & drinktrailsshoppingfeatured activitiesgolfingeventsplatte river rumblesubmit eventplan a triplodgingtravel guidegroup toursday tripsgroup facilitiescontactabout 


search for:








 









search for:






















home page – 20202024-11-19t09:23:20-06:00 
cass county, nebraska – adventure starts right herediscover for yourself why nature lovers, history buffs, and specialty shoppers look to visit cass county like never before. halfway between omaha and lincoln and the grassy banks of two mighty and historic rivers, cass county is a popular destination for families seeking serenity or adventure away from the city. here you will find out about attractions, activities, and more!
things to see and do in nebraskahistory & museumsparks & wildlifetrailseat & drinkfamily funshoppingexploreupcoming eventsplease call event contact to verify any cancellations. event contacts please let cass county tourism know of
any events that should be removed from site. thank you all for your understanding and patience.
current month 







see all eventsfeatured activitieslooking for something just outside of ordinary?places to kick back, enjoy old favorites, new flavors, and quality time. if you’re looking for a fun way to break your routine come down to cass county.
more featured videosthings to dodiscover cass countynestled halfway between omaha and lincoln and the grassy banks of two mighty and historic rivers, cass county is a popular destination for families seeking serenity or adventure away from the city.
explorenebraska summer activitiesexplorenebraska winter activitiesexploreget your guide today!download the visitor guide and start your cass county adventure today!
request guide
stay in the know
 


 
 






cass county tourism
145 north 4th street (physical)
p.o. box 521 (mail)
plattsmouth, ne 68048
director@visitcasscounty.com
phone: 402.296.5999
toll free: 1.800.965.8479
 

navigation:events
things to do
eat & drink
lodging
sports
churches
 

quick links:discover cass county
getting here
communities
grants
group tours portal
tourism links
emergency
 

 
 
 





		©  cass county tourism  |  privacy policy | site by maly marketing 


emailfacebookx
 
 
 
 
 
 
page load link











visitors guide
download our official visitors guide and start your cass county adventure today!






















get the guide 













 




x

 









x

 
































go to top




