teach history - a book in time  
           - home
about us
about our books

us history books
america before 1700
america 1700s
america 1800s
america 1900s

world history books
ancient history
middle ages
age of discovery
present era
world wars

crafts & projects
america history crafts
world history crafts

games
american history games
world history games

teaching history
timelines
maps
teaching hands-on historywith the best books, games, activities, projects, crafts, & more!make history your kids' favorite school suject with a book in time. we help history teachers find the best historical reading books arranged by time period, plus. awesome kids crafts, online games, maps, timelines, & more! stay & explore!history reading listswe list the best kids world or american history books in chronological order with a grade level & a review.history crafts & projectsfind the best world or american history kids crafts listed in chronological order to go along with your theme.online games & activitieskids love interactive world or american history games & activities! we list the best on the net in chronological order.teaching toolsmaps & timelines help kids visualize the where & when  of history, & we help you find them!more resources from a book in timeprint & put together: a ready-to-go middle ages lapbook  read & learn, then create mini-books of various shapes & sizes to make a lapbook. make a blank timeline book  create 1 or many blank timeline books quickly & economically. fill them with timeline figures of everything you learn about this year! make an ancient egyptian double crown fun! simple! and minimal supplies! create this hands-on history project for ancient egypt today! make a medieval triptych this craft focuses on the cathedrals, churches, and religious way of life in the middle ages. and it's fun to make!follow us



























search




useful linkshomeblogcontactus@abookintime.comprivacy policyconditions of usecategories

uncategorized
contact  p.o. box 324, earlysville, va, 22936, usa  800-985-9609  contactus@abookintime.comsocial                            we link to outside resources so you can find further information & see photos.  it is safe to assume that all links are affiliate links, meaning we will earn a small percentage from purchases.   we only link to items that we think will benefit you.  thank you for your support!copyright 2023 a book in time llc, all rights reserved. 
        