


 






athletic field marking paints and equipment | pioneer athletics




























    the store will not work correctly when cookies are disabled.







javascript seems to be disabled in your browser.

                        for the best experience on our site, be sure to turn on javascript in your browser.                    


















 
















sign in



            create an account        

quick order

        skip to content    














search




search








search









my cart

























        painting fields    



        field paints    



        natural grass field paint    



        premium     



        super premium    



        voc-free    



        aerosol paint    



        natural grass robot paint    





        synthetic turf paint    



        removable synthetic turf paint    



        durable for infilled turf    



        paints for nylon turf    



        aerosol synthetic turf paint    



        remover solutions    



        synthetic turf robot paint    





        robot paint    





        striping machines    



        aerosol stripers    



        airless field marking machines    



        low pressure field marking machines    



        striper accessories    



        striper parts    





        layout tools    



        ground markers    





        paint accessories    



        stencils    



        field diagrams    





        field maintenance    



        natural turf    



        grass seed    



        fertilizer    



        accessories    



        natural turf chemicals    





        synthetic turf    



        sweepers    



        groomers    



        remover and extractors    



        blitz remover solution    



        turf repair    



        disinfectants    





        infield maintenance    



        infield covers and mats    



        infield conditioner, clay, and bricks    



        infield grooming equipment    



        infield tools    



        infield lining    







        facilities    



        protective padding    



        custom goal post pads    



        baseball padding    





        parking lots    



        parking lot paint    



        parking lot repair    



        pavement marking stencils    





        windscreens    



        benches    



        bleachers    



        fences    



        fence slats    





        disinfectants    



        facility branding    



        outdoor park amenities    



        ice melter    





        sports    



        baseball    



        pitching rubbers    



        baseball bases    



        home plates    



        base anchors & plugs    



        screens    



        fencing & accessories    



        batting cages    



        pitching mounds    



        infield maintenance    



        team accessories    





        football    



        sideline tarps and track protectors    



        down markers and pylons    



        football stencils    



        football accessories    



        football goal posts    



        footballs    





        soccer    



        custom corner flags    



        soccer goals    



        soccer nets    



        net fasteners and pegs    



        goal anchors    



        corner flags    



        soccer referee    



        soccer benches    



        soccer training/coaching    



        soccer balls    





        track and field    



        starting blocks    



        hurdles    



        batons    



        discus    



        jump pits    



        shot put    



        track sweepers    





        lacrosse    



        lacrosse goals    



        lacrosse goal nets    



        lacrosse training aids    



        lacrosse balls    





        tennis    



        court repair    



        tennis nets & posts    





        gym    



        training    



        custom chairs and stools    





        basketball    



        basketball nets    



        basketball systems    





        pickleball    



        pickleball paddles    



        pickleball nets    



        pickleball balls    





        volleyball    



        nets    



        accessories    





        wrestling    



        defense products    





        field hockey    





        learn    



        resources    



        blog    



        groundskeeper chats    



        baseball/softball maintenance     



        turf tips    



        natural turf    



        synthetic turf    





        videos    



        product videos    



        how-to videos    





        fields of excellence    



        fields of excellence archive    



        fields of excellence club    



        fields of excellence application    





        pioneers in the field    



        pioneers in the field archive    





        catalogs & literature    



        manuals    



        our story    



        women in turf    



        women in turf archive    





        employment    



        safety data sheets (sds)    



        faq    





        contact us    













painting fields










field maintenance










facilities










sports










learn










resources










contact us
















































 










we're committed to you & your sports fields
make your field stand out!shop field paints









popular categoriesfootballbaseballsoccerlacrossehigh-quality athletic field paint & athletic suppliesexpert knowledge

natural grass and synthetic turf athletic field marking isn’t just what we do, it’s our passion. if you have a question, we have an answer. let us show you with our commitment to superior customer service and a desire to help you look good.superior product

we stand behind our products because each component and quality of our field marking paints, sports field stripers, synthetic turf groomers, and stencils is engineered from the ground up to ensure that only the right ingredients are included. simply put: ingredients matter®.industry advances

our work is never done. we are committed to always improving our products and being trailblazers who push the industry into new directions. that’s why we are the first to offer a voc-free, epa recognized field marking paint and much more.featured products:natural grass aerosol paintgame day® aerosolgame day® aerosol
super premium natural grass aerosol paint for athletic fields.natural grass voc-free paintstarline™starline™
quality field marking paint designed for the starliner™ electric field striping machinenatural grass bulk paintbrite stripe®brite stripe®
not standard. industry standard.natural grass robot paintrobostripe concentraterobostripe concentrate
field marking paint formulated for turf tank line marking robot.
what to consider when choosing your natural grass field paintbulk vs. aerosolpaint applicatorspaint gradesairless & pre-mixchoosing which paint is best for you begins with deciding if you need bulk paint or aerosol.

bulk paint looks great and affords you many options. pioneer athletics offers several different bulk natural grass paints – from great paints that are more economical to super premium paints that may cost a few more dollars. this gives you several options to fit your budget. additionally, pioneer’s bulk grass paint brands each differ in their maximum dilution rates, allowing some paints to be diluted back further than others. for some customers, paints with greater dilution rates allow them to take a step up to a more premium paint. another benefit of bulk paints is that in addition to a large pallet of standard colors, bulk paints can be ordered as any custom color. this gives you the ability to have logos with your school’s or organization’s exact colors. 
things to keep in mind with bulk grass paints…. first, you need to make an investment into striping equipment. with machines you need to factor in maintenance, time to load the paint and clean up time. another consideration to keep in mind is that bulk paint often needs to be mixed or diluted prior to using it. these factors need to be kept in mind because they affect the time and staffing needed.
aerosol paints are also very versatile. aerosol cans work well in situations with limited staffing and time. additionally, the prep work that goes into aerosol is pretty simple – shaking the can prior to use. aerosol paints have a smaller startup cost compared to bulk paints because the machines are less expensive. an advantage of aerosol is that it can be used in inclement weather due to how quickly it dries. if you are a bulk paint user, having a few cases of aerosol on hand can help get you through those bad weather games. although we offer many standard aerosol colors, custom colors are not an option. 
bulk paints – if you use one of our bulk paints, you’ll need to use a striping machine. natural turf striping machines come in two varieties: airless and low pressure.

low pressure machines apply field marking paint at approximately 45 psi. we recommend that low pressure machines only be used on natural grass athletic fields. there are a few different varieties of low pressure field stripers. some models require you to pour your paint into a holding tank that is then pressurized by a canister of co2. other versions using the same holding tank utilize a pump that draws the paint out. there are also low pressure striping machines that draw paint directly from the bucket we send your paint in. finally, pioneer offers a unique low pressure machine – our starliner  – that utilizes plug-and-stripe technology. boxes of our starline paint are attached to the machine and the paint is drawn out by a pump.
airless striping machines can be used on both natural grass and synthetic turf. these striping machines utilize high pressure to atomize the paint as it’s sprayed out. this allows the paint to fully encapsulate the turf blade – providing an even coat while using less paint. many machines have a dial that allow you to choose how much pressure you want to use. when using an airless machine for painting natural grass, its common to set the dial anywhere from 800-100 psi. pioneer sells numerous airless striping machines, including self-propelled models.
aerosol paints can be applied using a handful of methods. the most simple, but not necessarily the most comfortable, is simply spraying by hand. there are also three different tools that can help make using aerosol paints more manageable. the first is an aerosol can gun, a foot long apparatus that secures the can and uses a trigger system to make spraying the can easy. this tool works well when you are painting logos. the second is an aerosol marking stick, a 2.5’ stick that also secures the can and uses a trigger system. the marking stick can be used for both lines and logos. finally, there are aerosol marking machines. these four-wheeled devices carry up to 12 cans of aerosol paint. the aerosol marking machines give you the most control when you are marking lines on an athletic field. pioneer sells each of these aerosol marking tools in two different sizes to correspond with our two different aerosol can sizes – standard and jumbo.
robot paints are designed for the gps line marking robots.
at pioneer athletics we categorize our natural turf paints into four categories. here are explanations for each:

super premium – these paints are our highest quality paints that will give you the most brilliant whites and stunning colors. superior quality raw materials are used to make these paints. if your organization is extremely budget conscious, these may not be the best choice for you because they are also more expensive than some other options.  although we have customers who use these paints exclusively, we also have customers who only use these paints on their game fields for special events, such as homecoming or playoff games. pioneer super premium paints are game day and game day tko.
premium – our premium paints are our most popular. they are made of very good raw materials – giving you a quality product designed specifically for natural grass that also performs much better than our competition.  if you are looking for bright whites and vivid colors that last a long time, can be diluted, and are more in line with your budgeting needs, then our premium paints are perfect for you. pioneer’s premium bulk natural turf paints are max and brite stripe. 
voc-free (ultra-friendly) – we are proud to have created the world’s first no-voc (volatile organic compound) athletic field marking paints. although all our natural turf paints are not harmful to the living plant, our ultra-friendly paints are for those customers who want to take it a step further and be even more environmentally conscious.  as an added bonus, the united states environmental protection agency has recognized our white ultra-friendly paint with their “safer choice” designation because of the environmentally preferable raw materials used. our ultra-friendly paints are available as a super-premium gameday ultra-friendly, premium  quality brite stripe ultra friendly, and our unique bag –in-a-box starline ultra-friendly – designed specifically for our battery powered starliner striping machine.
aerosols – pioneer offers three different aerosols in two different can sizes. our top-of-the-line game day aerosol gives you the brightest whites and most brilliant colors of any athletic field marking aerosol in the industry. game day aerosol is in our jumbo size can, giving you more paint per can. we also manufacture quik stripe, a premium aerosol in a standard size can that comes in 21 high-performance colors. if you are looking for a white paint that is similar to quik stripe but in our jumbo size can, we suggest purchasing pvip.
you may have noticed that some of our bulk natural turf paints come in versions with the word airless or pre-mix in the name. these paints were created for those with more specific needs.

airless paints (game day & brite stripe airless) have a viscosity specifically formulated for superior performance with an airless striping machine. this doesn’t mean that you can’t use our other bulk paints in an airless striper. it just means that this paint performs the best with airless technology. airless paints are meant to be sprayed as delivered; meaning that you shouldn’t dilute the paint any further in order to maintain its quality.
pre-mix paints (brite stripe pre-mix) are designed for customers who prefer not to dilute concentrated grass paints. so, for these customers we pre-mix our paint. just like our airless paints, pre-mix paints are meant to be sprayed as delivered – not diluted any further.
bulk vs. aerosolchoosing which paint is best for you begins with deciding if you need bulk paint or aerosol.
bulk paint looks great and affords you many options. pioneer athletics offers several different bulk natural grass paints – from great paints that are more economical to super premium paints that may cost a few more dollars. this gives you several options to fit your budget.
aerosol paints are also very versatile. aerosol cans work well in situations with limited staffing and time. additionally, the prep work that goes into aerosol is pretty simple – shaking the can prior to use. aerosol paints have a smaller startup cost compared to bulk paints because the machines are less expensive....learn more about natural grass paints.learn – natural grass paintsbuy natural grass field paint
synthetic turf bulk paintgameline® gameline® removable
highly effective, industry proven removable synthetic turf coating for infilled turf systems.synthetic turf aerosol paintgameline® aerosolgameline® aerosol
convenient, easily removable high gloss paint with the quality and durability of a permanent paint.synthetic turf bulk paintgameline® quick releasegameline® quick release
a reliable synthetic turf coating for short term events and faster field conversions.synthetic turf robot paintgameline® gpsgameline® gps
synthetic turf paint specially designed to produce crisp, long-lasting, and bright lines.
what to consider when choosing your synthetic turf field paintdo i need special paint?turf typepaint durabilitybulk vs. aerosolpaint applicatorswhen you make a large investment, like a synthetic turf athletic field, the best way to keep it in tip-top shape is to use the right products that won’t negatively impact performance or sustainability. 

a race car driver wouldn’t put low-octane, budget gasoline in his or her car. yes, the engine might actually run, but it’s going to negatively impact the vehicle’s performance. when it comes to paints for synthetic turf fields, you don’t want to simply use paint off of the shelf at your hardware store or even a paint that’s meant for natural grass. paints that are engineered for synthetic turf are designed specifically to adhere to synthetic fibers and provide either durability or removability.
long lasting synthetic turf paints provide maximum adhesion to synthetic grass blades as well as exceptional flexibility. removable paints are chemically engineered so the resin system releases from the turf blades when a remover solution is applied. among the many potential issues that using the wrong paint can lead to are infill binding, which can become a hazard for player safety, or clogging drainage systems. the moral of the story here is that using the right product will ensure that your field remains playable. 
before selecting synthetic turf paint, you need to identify if your field is infilled or not infilled, what style your fibers are, and what they are made of.

if you are not sure, we suggest you check with the company that installed your field. knowing what kind of synthetic turf system you have is very important because paint sticks to various materials differently, as it also does to different fiber shapes. for example, nylon turf is more rigid, while polyethylene fields have flexible fibers.
a paint that may work really well on a flexible blade of turf may flake off of a more stiff fiber. it may seem overwhelming, but we are more than happy to work with you so you purchase the best paint for your field type and your needs. if you want to learn more about synthetic turf systems, we put together a four part blog series that will help you. →
if you already know what type of field you will be painting, the next question you need to answer is what your intentions are for the paint.

if you want the paint to last a few games, a removable paint may be what you need. if you are looking for something that is more long-term, then a more durable paint is what you need. pioneer athletics has engineered paints that meet these criteria for both infilled and nylon athletic fields.
if you are unsure, choose a removable paint. there are many facilities that have installed synthetic turf fields certain that only one sport would be played on it. however, after installation, other sports quickly find reasons why playing on the new synthetic turf field is absolutely necessary. using a removable paint will give you more flexibility in these situations or until you are better able to determine what the actual field use will look like.
choosing which synthetic turf paint is best for you includes deciding if you need bulk paint or aerosol.

bulk paint looks great and affords you many options. pioneer athletics offers several different bulk synthetic turf paints – from paints that are removable to paints that are more durable. this gives you options to fit your needs. a benefit of bulk paints is that in addition to a large pallet of standard colors, bulk paints can be ordered as any custom color. this gives you the ability to have logos with your school’s or organization’s exact colors.
one thing to keep in mind with bulk synthetic turf paints is that you will need to make an investment into airless striping equipment. with this, you’ll need to factor in maintenance, time to load the paint and clean up time. this is important to know because it may affect the time and staffing needed.
aerosol paints work well in situations with limited staffing and time. additionally, the prep work that goes into aerosol is pretty simple – shaking the can prior to use. aerosol paints have a smaller startup cost compared to bulk paints because the machines are less expensive. an advantage of aerosol is that it can be used in inclement weather due to how quickly it dries. if you are a bulk paint user, having a few cases of aerosol on hand can help get you through those bad weather games. although we offer a palette of aerosol colors, custom colors are not an option.

bulk paints – if you use one of our bulk synthetic turf paints, you’ll need to use an airless striping machine. airless striping machines utilize high pressure to atomize the paint as it’s sprayed out. this allows the paint to fully encapsulate the turf blade and it minimizes paint going into the infill. airless stripers also use less paint. when painting synthetic turf, less paint is better. many machines have a dial that allows you to choose how much pressure you want to use. when using an airless machine for painting synthetic turf, we recommend using 900-1,000 psi with a .317 or .319 tip. pioneer sells numerous airless striping machines, including a self-propelled model.
aerosol paints can be applied using a handful of methods. the most simple, but not necessarily the most comfortable, is simply spraying by hand. there are also three different tools that can help make using aerosol paints more manageable. the first is an aerosol can pistol, a foot long apparatus that secures the can and uses a trigger system to make spraying the can easy. this tool works well when you are painting logos. the second is an aerosol marking stick, a 2.5’ stick that also secures the can and uses a trigger system. the marking stick can be used for both lines and logos. finally, there is an aerosol marking machine. this four-wheeled device carries up to 12 cans of aerosol paint. this machine gives you the most control when you are painting lines with aerosol on a synthetic turf athletic field. 
robot paints are designed for the gps line marking robots.
do i need special paint?when you make a large investment, like a synthetic turf athletic field, the best way to keep it in tip-top shape is to use the right products that won’t negatively impact performance or sustainability. 
a race car driver wouldn’t put low-octane, budget gasoline in his or her car. yes, the engine might actually run, but it’s going to negatively impact the vehicle’s performance. when it comes to paints for synthetic turf fields, you don’t want to simply use paint off of the shelf at your hardware store or even a paint that’s meant for natural grass.
paints that are engineered for synthetic turf are designed specifically to adhere to synthetic fibers and provide either durability or removability...learn more about synthetic turf paints.learn – synthetic turfshop synthetic turf paints
 latest postsfields of excellence 2024
new 2.14.25data-driven sports field mgmt.aces to asuhow to clean a starliner vers. 7see all blog postsfields of excellence winnerssee winners







helpful links
 w-9 form
 about us
 blog
 faq
 request a catalog
 sds
 artwork requirement
 field diagrams
 catalogs & literature
 manuals
 promo items
 employment
account
 customer portal
 privacy policy
 contact us
 orders and returns
 terms & conditions
 purchase order
 tax exempt request
contact
pioneer athletics
4529 industrial parkway
cleveland, oh 44135
800-877-1500

  subscribe







email



full name



zip code


























copyright © 2025 pioneer athletics. all rights reserved.



 






            choose sharing option        
×










email







url







whatsapp



 


recipient email(s)





your name (required)





your email (required)





message (optional)










                    share                





 


your name (required)





your email (required)










                                get link                            





 


your name (required)





your email (required)










                    share                








 
 


