






charter bus rental | eyre bus service | washington dc, md and va




















































 
















 



 




410-442-1330 













 

 









home
about

about us
blog
employment
guiding principles
testimonials
safety
eyre & the environment


charter bus

charter bus service
annapolis charter bus service
baltimore charter bus service
maryland charter bus service
washington dc charter bus service
get an instant quote
request charter bus service


shuttle bus

shuttle bus service
campus shuttle bus service
corporate shuttle bus service
employee shuttle bus service
sports team shuttle bus service
request shuttle bus service


tours
eyre hd

fleet services


contact
payment
 




get an instant quote 







 









request a quote 
							let us take you there 
							let us take you there 
							discover some places and
remember great experiences 
with eyre bus service.
 
							request a quote 
							bus charter request 
							discover some places you've never been before. you'll always remember the experiences.contact eyre bus  for all your transportation needs.
 
							 






 





 
eyre bus service has been providing bus rental services to maryland, washington dc & northern virginia for over 70 years.
no matter where you want to go or when you want to go there, the easiest way to get there is with eyre bus. eyre's charter bus rental and shuttle bus rental services provide dependable group transportation services, tailored to suit a variety of your travel needs. contact eyre today and let us take you there.

learn about us 










 
eyre bus service provides bus rental services to maryland, washington dc and northern virginia.
no matter where you want to go or when you want to go there, the easiest way to get there is with eyre bus. eyre's charter bus rental and shuttle bus rental services provide dependable group transportation services, tailored to suit a variety of your travel needs. contact eyre today and let us take you there.

learn about us 










 
 





 








 washington dc charter bus serviceride with confidence. eyre bus service, a full-service transportation company offers convention services, airport transfers, shuttle services, group motorcoach charters, fixed route commuter service, and emergency transportation services. simply review our selection of deluxe motorcoaches, our wheelchair accessible motorcoaches, or our executive club coach, to determine what's right for your group.explore washington dc services 





















  










 








 washington dc charter bus serviceride with confidence. eyre bus service, a full-service transportation company offers convention services, airport transfers, shuttle services, group motorcoach charters, fixed route commuter service, and emergency transportation services. simply review our selection of deluxe motorcoaches, our wheelchair accessible motorcoaches, or our executive club coach, to determine what's right for your group.explore washington dc services 





















 



75+
years in operation


60+
eyre employees


30+
charter bus


 


 











 



75+
years in operation


60+
eyre employees


30+
charter bus


5
awards


 


 











  










 








 baltimore charter bus serviceembark confidently on your journey with eyre bus service, your premier bus charter and bus rental company for trips to baltimore, maryland. with a full spectrum of transportation services, we cater to all your travel needs. explore with our diverse fleet of deluxe and wheelchair-accessible motorcoaches, along with executive club coaches, ensuring a comfortable ride for your group. trust in our expertise as we navigate the roads, providing seamless and enjoyable travel experiences.explore baltimore services 




















 








 baltimore charter bus serviceembark confidently on your journey with eyre bus service, your premier bus charter and bus rental company for trips to baltimore, maryland. with a full spectrum of transportation services, we cater to all your travel needs. explore with our diverse fleet of deluxe and wheelchair-accessible motorcoaches, along with executive club coaches, ensuring a comfortable ride for your group. trust in our expertise as we navigate the roads, providing seamless and enjoyable travel experiences.explore baltimore services 














 
 











 
 





 








  maryland charter bus service eyre bus service is your premier choice for charter bus travel throughout maryland. with a longstanding reputation for excellence, we provide top-tier transportation services for a variety of occasions, including school trips, corporate events, family reunions, and scenic tours. our modern fleet of deluxe motorcoaches, wheelchair-accessible vehicles, and executive club coaches is designed to offer the utmost comfort and convenience. whether you're exploring the historic streets of baltimore, the picturesque waterfront of annapolis, or the scenic beauty of the eastern shore, eyre bus service ensures a seamless, enjoyable, and memorable journey for your group.explore maryland services 





















  










 








  maryland charter bus service eyre bus service is your premier choice for charter bus travel throughout maryland. with a longstanding reputation for excellence, we provide top-tier transportation services for a variety of occasions, including school trips, corporate events, family reunions, and scenic tours. our modern fleet of deluxe motorcoaches, wheelchair-accessible vehicles, and executive club coaches is designed to offer the utmost comfort and convenience. whether you're exploring the historic streets of baltimore, the picturesque waterfront of annapolis, or the scenic beauty of the eastern shore, eyre bus service ensures a seamless, enjoyable, and memorable journey for your group.explore maryland services 




















 
 





 








 tour bus serviceseyre tour makes your entire trip easier to plan and more cost effective, saving you time and money. the eyre tour staff of professional tour planners has the ability to offer your group the most competitive rates in the industry. we can also offer the lowest rates for the transportation portion of any tour, because we own our coaches. whatever tour you're looking for, eyre can help you create the trip of your dreams. the eyre team will take you there. view our tours today and let's start planning your group's next trip!view our tour packages 




















 


corporateeyre’s corporate shuttle bus service gives your company the opportunity to travel on and off campus with ease. we make sure that your employees, clients, or business partners get to where they need to be. our wide selection of shuttle buses help your business avoid costly car rental and taxi fees. 




 


employeesin many cities, parking is a problem that can be challenging for companies with many employees. parking woes can lead to employee absences and lower morale. and so, it costs the company time money and lost productivity. however, eyre's parking lot shuttle service provides transportation for employees. thus, your company benefits from having employees park in large off-site parking lots and then ride buses to the office. 




 


constructioneyre does more than just event transportation. we can also provide shuttle bus services to your employees for transportation to construction sites. we understand that construction projects require a lot of work, long hours and many hands on deck. that’s why we provide vehicles of any size, and for however long you need to transport your crew to their worksites. 




 washington dc and maryland shuttle bus service 




 with eyre’s corporate shuttle bus service, employee shuttle bus, or campus shuttle bus service, travel on and off-campus has never been easier.
these contracted services can boost productivity, improve employee morale and save time and money. our experience, combined with our unparalleled safety record and modern technology, means you can be sure you are making the best possible choice for your long term corporate shuttle bus service, employee shuttle bus, or campus shuttle bus needs. eyre gives you the best in personalized professional ground transportation. we can customize a long term contract shuttle system to meet the needs of your company and your employees. you can travel in eight passenger shuttles to 56 passenger shuttles with any amenities you would need.



we offer a diverse range of shuttle bus options for various needs, including luxury coach buses for special events and maryland tour bus experiences. our comprehensive shuttle bus service ensures that whether you are arranging a corporate event, planning a campus commute, or organizing a scenic tour, we have the perfect solution to match your requirements. with our commitment to exceptional service across maryland, washington dc, and virginia, you can rely on eyre shuttle bus service for all your transportation needs, from daily commutes to memorable tours and events.




learn more & request shuttle 










 


corporateeyre’s corporate shuttle bus service gives your company the opportunity to travel on and off campus with ease. we make sure that your employees, clients, or business partners get to where they need to be. 




 washington dc and maryland shuttle bus servicewith eyre’s corporate shuttle bus service, employee shuttle bus, or campus shuttle bus service, travel on and off-campus has never been easier.
these contracted services can boost productivity, improve employee morale and save time and money. our experience, combined with our unparalleled safety record and modern technology, means you can be sure you are making the best possible choice for your long term corporate shuttle bus service, employee shuttle bus, or campus shuttle bus needs.
eyre gives you the best in personalized professional ground transportation. we can customize a long term contract shuttle system to meet the needs of your company and your employees. you can travel in eight passenger shuttles to 56 passenger shuttles with any amenities you would need.
learn more & request shuttle 




 


employee shuttlewith eyre's parking lot shuttle service, your company benefits from having employees park in large off-site parking lots and then ride buses to the office.


constructioneyre does more than just event transportation. we can also provide shuttle bus services to your employees for transportation to construction sites.  










 your safety is our top priority 




 as an industry leader in safety, eyre is committed to upholding the highest possible bus safety standards to insure that your safety is our top priority.
eyre has received numerous transportation industry awards for safety and continue to be recognized for superior service. eyre is also accredited to provide transportation to all divisions of the
us military and holds the department of defense’s highest safety rating of “1.”
learn more 










 drive your career forward with eyre bus service 




 join a trusted team in transportation—career opportunities for drivers, mechanics, management, & more!
 




 join our team 











 charter bus services in washington dctestimonials 








"i found them totally committed to carry out their tasks, without sparing themselves. they were helpful, attentive and professional throughout the entire process…"

claudio c
tours service in rome, italy




















"great customer service. eager to help. super positive attitude. best operating skills we've ever seen! (so smooth parallel parking...wow!) always on time...every time. "

robert h




















"consistently on time, on task, and anytime i get a chance to ride with eyre...i go!! the drivers are caring, consummate professionals. the destinations and trips offered are great. just go!!"

sheryl b
































 va, md, & washington dc charter bus services


maryland: annapolis, baltimore, bethesda, chevy chase, frederick, gaithersburg, germantown, potomac, rockville, silver spring, waldorf, ocean city, as well as, orioles – camden yards, ravens – m & t bank stadium, & redskins – fed ex field
washington, dc: capitol hill, georgetown, the national zoo, kennedy center, and all washington monuments
virginia: alexandria, annandale, arlington, ashburn, bristow, burke, centerville, chantilly, clifton, crystal city, fairfax, fairfax station, falls church, fredericksburg, great falls, herndon, leesburg, lorton, manassas, mclean, mount vernon, oakton, reston, springfield, sterling, vienna, warrenton, woodbridge.


 









 airports & venues


baltimore / washington international thurgood marshall airport – bwi
washington dulles international airport – iad
ronald reagan washington national airport – dca
merriweather post pavilion
wolf trap


 




awards & achievements
international motorcoach group operator of the year 2008
international motorcoach group spirit award 2007
trailways transportation outstanding operational achievement award 2001
bus ride motorcoach industry leadership achievement award 2001
united motorcoach association vision award 2000
 










 




  




  




  










 eyre bus service
p.o. box 239 • 13600 triadelphia road • glenelg, md 21737-0239
410-442-1330 • 301-854-6600
 





 




get social

© copyright 
eyre bus service  |  all rights reserved.  |  800-321-3973. |  developed by kohn creative 








top
























