 maplewood - summer and year-round day camp for kids in easton ma call us (508)-238-2387 interactive map news summer login summer loginenroll nowabout usthe maplewood familydirectorsteachers and staffour historyinteractive mapdriving directionsfaqsgiving backtestimonialssummer camppreschool & kindergarten1st-9th gradeteen leadership (c.i.t.)additional programsactivitiesswimming & boating club day - electivesbus transportationcamper daily photosmy hot lunchboxschool-yearpreschool programvacation programindoor/outdoor playgroundchildren's classes, 6 years and undermaplewood familiescamper daily photosonline storenew: my hot lunchboxsummer camp loginsummer group schedulespreschool formsschool year loginstaff why work at maplewood?apply to work herestaff traininghired summer staffdates &  ratesenroll  nowrequest inforequest  infoindoor/outdoor playgroundcheck this outindoor/outdoor playgroundcheck this outmaplewood country day camp & enrichment centercelebrating 61 years of excellenceopen year-round since 1965, the family-owned maplewood country day camp & enrichment center in easton, ma, has been a fun and exciting place for children.
we offer many quality programs: children's classes for ages 6 and younger, a preschool with individualized attention, an exciting indoor/outdoor playground, vacation programs, birthday parties, and our summer camp.  we hope you will join our family!
to register for indoor/outdoor playground click here  


summer campdetailsschool year details0 days  to summer camp opening enroll now! what our families say:“we love, love, love, maplewood - staff & programs alike are amazing and we couldn't be happier with the quality of care haley receives!-janice c. - (school year)“my son looks forward to going to school every monday, wednesday, and friday!  he has learned to write his name, dance the tooty ta, and share with his friends.  our family loves maplewood wholeheartedly.-ginger - easton, ma (school year)“we love you guys... preschool, day classes, summer camp... you’re worth every penny... the kids had a blast last summer!!... we are excited to come to camp again this summer... see you soon.... all my best!-sarah c., mansfield (summer camp)“wow!  what a difference 4 weeks makes.  words cannot express how grateful we are for your hard work, dedication and passion for helping kids have the greatest camp experience.  we have watched our son grow and transform into a happier, more confident boy.  he absolutely loves camp and is sad that it’s his last day.  we appreciate all that you’ve done to help us acclimate to camp life!  thank you!!-lauren and mark, north attleboro (summer camp)“thank you so much for all of your hard work this summer.  we were so impressed with the time you took with our concerns with our son in the pool, and the amount of communication you provided throughout his 6 weeks at maplewood.  he had an awesome summer –swimming is now his favorite thing, he sings songs at home, and made some new friends.  we look forward to him having many more years of fun at maplewood!-jen & kevin b. (summer camp)“both of my girls have had wonderful experiences at maplewood! we have been coming for 7 years and plan to continue!!-lynn b., sharon (school year)“oh my goodness, where do i start? my son, christian has been attending camp maplewood for the past three years and absolutely loves it. he will be 7 this summer and he can't wait to go back. it's our second family. everyone is so caring and courteous and genuinely cares for each child. we are blessed to have found camp maplewood. we love you guys.-slandy o., norton (summer camp)“we love, love, love, maplewood - staff & programs alike are amazing and we couldn't be happier with the quality of care haley receives!-janice c. - (school year)“my son looks forward to going to school every monday, wednesday, and friday!  he has learned to write his name, dance the tooty ta, and share with his friends.  our family loves maplewood wholeheartedly.-ginger - easton, ma (school year)“we love you guys... preschool, day classes, summer camp... you’re worth every penny... the kids had a blast last summer!!... we are excited to come to camp again this summer... see you soon.... all my best!-sarah c., mansfield (summer camp)“wow!  what a difference 4 weeks makes.  words cannot express how grateful we are for your hard work, dedication and passion for helping kids have the greatest camp experience.  we have watched our son grow and transform into a happier, more confident boy.  he absolutely loves camp and is sad that it’s his last day.  we appreciate all that you’ve done to help us acclimate to camp life!  thank you!!-lauren and mark, north attleboro (summer camp)“thank you so much for all of your hard work this summer.  we were so impressed with the time you took with our concerns with our son in the pool, and the amount of communication you provided throughout his 6 weeks at maplewood.  he had an awesome summer –swimming is now his favorite thing, he sings songs at home, and made some new friends.  we look forward to him having many more years of fun at maplewood!-jen & kevin b. (summer camp)“both of my girls have had wonderful experiences at maplewood! we have been coming for 7 years and plan to continue!!-lynn b., sharon (school year)“oh my goodness, where do i start? my son, christian has been attending camp maplewood for the past three years and absolutely loves it. he will be 7 this summer and he can't wait to go back. it's our second family. everyone is so caring and courteous and genuinely cares for each child. we are blessed to have found camp maplewood. we love you guys.-slandy o., norton (summer camp)“we love, love, love, maplewood - staff & programs alike are amazing and we couldn't be happier with the quality of care haley receives!-janice c. - (school year)1234567 latest news:vacation at maplewoodwednesday, feb 12thour school-age vacation program is the perfect way to keep your children active when school is not in session.february vacation:tuesday, 2/18, wednesday, 2/19 and thursday, 2/20 -register today read more...rock climbingmonday, feb 3rdafternoons at the playgroundrock climbing classread more...monthly membershipsmonday, feb 3rdall memberships come with exclusive perks:
unlimited monthly play. come as often as you would like each month in the morning, afternoon, and saturday.read more...maplewood day camp & enrichment center(508) 238-2387 - info@maplewoodyearround.com 150 foundry street, south easton, ma, 02375 united statesserving greater boston area and rhode island and located near the following towns: easton, sharon, mansfield, norton, canton, stoughton, bridgewater, raynham, taunton, foxboro, brockton, walpole, middleboro, franklin, wrentham, and plainville.copyright ©2013-2025 maplewood country day camp & enrichment center | website by ovs websites