


adaptive and assistive technology @ rehabtool.com






















 






 

world-class assistive technologymaking a world of difference"high-tech assistive, adaptive and accessibility aids for children and adults with disabilities and special needs..." 







 home 
|
 find a product 
|
 news 
|
 events 
|
 forum 
|
 resources 
|
 about us 
|
 privacy 
|
 help





 














"find at rehabtool.com lots of cool tools to assist you in your everyday challenges..."



















enable is an award-winning video that illustrates how people with disabilities use assistive devices and computers in all aspects of their lives. a must see!
order enable today!
vocalize is a talking communication board for people with speech impairment or severe communication difficulties. it's simple to learn and very easy to use. this breakthrough product features an ergonomic on-screen keyboard and high-quality multilingual text-to-speech output.
give vocalize a try!









 








 free product   search and referral   
click here
















welcome to   rehabtool.com 
our mission at rehabtool.com is to help children and adults with disabilities enhance their lives, increase their independence and productivity, and gain greater social inclusion through the use of leading-edge assistive technology.
rehabtool.com
 offers a variety of high-tech assistive and adaptive technology products, augmentative and alternative communication devices, computer access equipment, multilingual speech synthesis and voice recognition software. we propose a great selection of virtual on-screen keyboards, voice-enabled communication boards, as well as cognitive rehabilitation tools adapted to the special needs of the disabled.





























lookingforaugmentativecommunicationsolutions?






rehabtool.com
  specializes in computer adaptations and builds custom software solutions for children and adults with disabilities. our flagship product vocalize® is an innovative speech assistant that we developed with speech impaired persons to enable them to speak in a friendly human voice using standard computer equipment. we also offer free product searches.
for the past six years, rehabtool.com has strived to meet your special education and rehabilitation needs, often exceeding your expectations. so be sure to check out our attractive and cost-effective product and service offerings.









for information about our products and services, contact info@rehabtool.com. for ordering and pricing information, contact sales@rehabtool.com. and for reviews and recommendations on the latest assistive technologies available, or to find out how computers can help you with your special needs, we invite you to receive our free quarterly newsletter. to subscribe, send an email to newsletter@rehabtool.com.you may cancel your free subscription at any time by clicking here. 









 free quarterly newslettersubscribe here
past issues
















we are a member of the alliance for technology access (ata) and fully support their mission to connect children and adults with disabilities to technology tools. we are a volunteer member of the world association of persons with disabilities (wapd). we also subscribe to the honcode principles of the  health on the net foundation. our web site was selected and recognized by some of the largest medical, health and disability organizations and has won multiple awards. learn more...
we are accessible to everyone and proud to display the bobby approved seal. our web site complies with the web content accessibility guidelines specified by the world wide web consortium (w3c) and was approved by the center of applied technology (cast) for being fully accessible to people with disabilities. learn more...








 
      
          
    










awards & honors
click here













back to top 






product search & referral






          need help selecting the right assistive technology?
cannot locate the adaptive equipment you need?
                                   looking for specific computer access products?



take advantage of our popular product search & referral service. we offer many search options ranging from one-time searches to all-inclusive yearly research packages for healthcare and medical professionals, special education teachers, and rehabilitation therapists.






to find a product, click here. our assistive technology specialists will conduct personalized product searches, recommend appropriate solutions, and send you relevant links and references to the products that best meet your needs and requirements. simple as that! so don't hesitate to try our product search & referral service today.










 free product  search & referral let us find it!
click here











              

back to top 






assistive technology links library








first time here?help & search tips


check out rehabtool.com's favorite links and find assistive technology products, augmentative communication devices, computer access aids, and other adaptive equipment.click on the links below to conveniently access the largest product catalogs, databases, and vendor directories available on the internet. to quickly find what you need, use our color-based assistive technology classification. learn more...this collection of links is provided to you for informational purposes only. be sure to read our disclaimer.






links to  product listings


links to vendor listings






categorized



            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            


  abilityhub
  abledata 
  ablenet
  acci
  ada worklink
  adaptive technology resource center
  apple access passport
  aroga
  assis-tech
  atic (mit)
  brl
  closing the gap 
  cnib
  devices for the blind
  dynamic living
  enablemart
  enkidu research
  ergooutfitters.com
  freedom of speech
  gus communications
  hitec
  home technology systems
  iat services
  independent living aids
  infogrip
  keyalt
  keytools
  maxi-aids
  microsoft computer accessibility
  nanopac
  pocket full of therapy
  prentke romich
  rehabtool.com
  sightconnection
  snow special needs resource
  spinlife.com
  synapse adaptive
  techdis accessibility database 
  theraproducts.com
  toys for special children
  trace freeware/shareware
  v.i. guide
  woodlake technologies
  zygo




uncategorized



            
            
            


  abledata
  ablegeneration
  technology assistance group













categorized




            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            


  abledata
  asha exhibit hall
  assistivetech.net 
  dis-abilities
  disability (jim lubin)
  disability links barn
  disability online
  disability mall - medmarket
  assistive technology tech guide
  family village 
  input technologies
  kats network
  north coast functional solutions
  open directory project
  rehabilitation engineering
  rerc - wheelchair net
  rehabtool.com
  rsi ergonomic products
  school for the blind
  soar
  tasc
  tech connections
  the boulevard
  trace resources
  tri online!
  wata
  wcd virtual expo




uncategorized




            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            


  able tech
  alliance for technology access
  assistive technology industry association
  assistive technology resources
  atrc
  center for applied special technology
  business.com
  communication aids manufacturers
  courage center
  disability resource directory
  emtech
  exceptional computing
  giant disability resource
  handitel
  isaac
  naric database
  nyise blindness resource center
  resna
  simplified technology
  seri - special education resources
  wapd











 










 



 

 search the web   search our site










 do you know of outstanding assistive technology products, resources or web sites that might be of interest to others? any comments about the above links? any suggestions to improve our web site, our products, our services? tell us what you think at feedback@rehabtool.com.
back to top 






news & events


learn about at!





assistive technology news 
calendar of events
assistive technology videos 
more news...











   

find top stories on
 

search tips













assistive or adaptive technology (at) commonly refers to products, devices or equipment, whether acquired commercially, modified or customized, that are used to maintain, increase or improve the functional capabilities of individuals with disabilities. learn more...

assistive technology is best understood when divided into categories or product families. click here to view rehabtool.com's thorough assistive technology classification.




back to top 






assistive technology online community






welcome to the assistive technology online community! your destination for finding and exchanging information about assistive technologies. it's free and a lot of fun! you can interact with other members, find answers to your questions, seek advice, or share ideas through discussion forums, email lists, and chat rooms. to become a member, visit the community web sites below and choose join or subscribe.






looking for assistive technology products, reviews and recommendations, free software, books, and more? need help finding new or used equipment? join the   at online community and share at information with other members today!
enter here




have questions about assistive technology? need help finding adaptive equipment? subscribe to the at 4help email lists and start sending messages to other members today! click on yahoo! groups or topica.





enter here







join the coolest assistive technology clubs on the web and chat with other members who share your interests. membership is free. so don't wait, sign up today!
to join, or just visit the assistive technology clubs, click on msn yahoo! or lycos.









   











 everyone is welcome to join. join as many community clubs and email lists as you like.
organizations and vendors offering assistive technology information, products or services are invited to join the public discussion forums. members can list their web sites and showcase their products for free.
for more information, or for membership assistance, contact community@rehabtool.com.
















copyright © 1994-2004 rehabtool llc. all rights reserved.questions or comments? write to feedback@rehabtool.com
updated march 22, 2004
home | find a product | resources | about us | contact us | link to us | tell a friend
books | newsletter | forum | links | service terms | privacy | site map





