







felix's fish camp








































































































              home
            

            menu
          

            reservations
          

            gift cards
          

            music
          

contact


        jobs
      







back


            contact
          

            covid safeguards
          



















































































homemenureservationsgift cardsmusic
contact

contact
covid safeguards

jobs


















scroll












now accepting online reservations!!!!



seafood. steak. sensational sunsets.











the place for seafoodsituated on scenic mobile bay, felix’s fish camp is the premier choice for fresh gulf seafood, usda-certified steak, and breathtaking views on the mobile causeway. incredible entrees paired with outstanding service ensure our guests feel like the toast of the town.








dine out tonightenjoy dishes prepared from classic mobile recipes -- incredible entrees, salads, desserts, appetizers, and cocktails. 









































relax at the bar



enjoy fresh seafood



delicious usda-certified steaks



felix's fish camp is the place for delicious, fresh, gulf seafood. you'll enjoy dishes prepared from classic mobile recipes plus a few new ones! enjoy incredible entrees, salads, desserts, appetizers, and cocktails.




    menu
  








in accordance with the ada, only service animals specially trained to perform a specific task will be allowed to enter the dining areas.  as per the ada, we will inquire if the animal is a service animal and what task that service animal performs.  thank you for your understanding!








seafood and sunsets



the place for seafood



dine out tonight



food



new page










disclaimer:  for the safety of our guests, no outside food, drinks or alcoholic beverages permitted.  thank you!





hours





































 

1530 battleship parkwayspanish fort, alabama 36527



open 6 days a weekmon - sat: 11 a.m. — 10 p.m.     sunday: closed

 

(251) 626-6710musician? click for booking information. | join our team























