

  

















home | yale school of nursing











































skip to main content







 


yale university


open main navigation

close main navigation










search this site 





 





 





equityalumniprecepting at ysnnewsevent calendardonate nowsimulation lab 











 











 









aboutmission and valueshistorystaff directoryvisit usaccreditation and state authorizationjob openingscentennial celebrationysn aging well initiativesthe year in review: 2023-2024cares programadmissions & aidhow to applyvirtual appointmentsrequest informationadmissionsinformation sessionsfinancial aidstudent ambassadorsacademicsgraduate entry pre-speciality in nursingmaster of science in nursingdoctor of nursing practicephd program in nursingpost master’s aprn certificatespre and post doctoral researchacademic calendarjoint degreesschool of nursing bulletin, 2024-2025simulation & assessment labstudentsstudent liferegistrarstudent policies & guidelinesstudent awardscommencementcareer resourcesfacultyfaculty directoryfaculty practicefaculty publicationsresearch at ysnfaculty toolkit for successoffice of the deanglobal affairs & planetary healthaboutwho we areglobal health resourcescollaboration and grant opportunitiesfor alumnifor international visitors and scholarsplanetary health initiativesyale institute of global healthgivingdean’s annual fundscholarshipsplanned givingnaming opportunitieshow to givecontact us 






equity
alumni
precepting at ysn
news
event calendar
donate now
simulation lab












 












  
 yale school of nursing strengthens partnership with the university of são paulo
ysn's professor and assistant dean for research xuehong zhang recently traveled to brazil to strengthen collaborations w/ the university of são paulo.
read more yale school of nursing strengthens partnership with the university of são paulo 
  




  
  community champions: care in action
learn more about the healthcare work that ysn faculty and students bring to new haven as they live out our mission of "better health for all"!
read more  community champions: care in action 
  




  
 happy holidays 2024
ysn wishes you happy holidays and a healthy new year! click the read more link below to watch a special message from dean emami.
read more happy holidays 2024 
  




  
 priority application decisions announced
congratulations to the future yale nurses and midwives admitted under the priority deadline! see you in 2025! learn more about admissions below.
read more priority application decisions announced 
  




  
 dr. rodriguez on how heritage informs clinical practice
a descendant of the arawak people, assistant dean of simulation shares experience and advice.
read more dr. rodriguez on how heritage informs clinical practice 
  




  
 pantzer ’25 msn and otto ’26 msn connect with local residents
leading a team, the students provided free flu and covid-19 vaccines in new haven.
read more pantzer ’25 msn and otto ’26 msn connect with local residents 
  




previous next 



 





 







.

look back: centennial celebration

yale school of nursing recently celebrated its centennial year (sept. 2023-may 2024). learn more about the school, its history, and events and programming that were held throughout this special academic year.
click here






belonging at yale: ysn deib plan
review the belonging at yale infographic for yale school of nursing.






.

the “infection prevention compendium for long-term care facilities” is available online for free.
click here to view








 academic programs

 

latest news




 yale school of nursing strengthens partnership with the university of são paulo 
 february 5, 2025  

 yale school of nursing kicks off 2025 global collaborative series: "aligning advanced practice nursing with united nations sustainable development goals" 
 january 24, 2025  

 community champions: care in action 
 january 13, 2025  

 q&a with yale school of nursing’s community scholars 
 january 13, 2025  



    see all ysn news  


      displaying 1 - 4 of 626.     
 



academic programs
master of science in nursingthe master of science in nursing (msn) curriculum is for rn entrants and is designed to prepare students for advanced practice and roles as clinician-scholars.

graduate entry prespecialty in nursingthe gepn program is a three-year, full-time course of graduate nursing study with no prerequisites that combines preparation in basic nursing with advanced preparation in a clinical specialty.

doctor of nursing practicetwo post-master’s dnp programs: leadership dnp program for mid-career nurses focused on innovation in management, policy and systems leadership; clinical dnp program is for advanced practice nurses who are interested in developing and enhancing their skills as clinical leaders and innovators.

doctor of philosophythe program is designed to prepare nurse scientists to conduct cutting-edge research linking theory and clinical practice.




 




most popular links

academics
admissions
calendar
faculty directory
 









the master of science in nursing,  doctor of nursing practice, and post graduate aprn certificates at the yale school of nursing are accredited by the commission on collegiate nursing education, 655 k street, nw, suite 750, washington, dc, 20001, 202-887-6791.







 


 




helpful links

ysn library
canvas
ysn community opportunities
yale west campus
nondiscrimination & title ix
yale emergency management
university policies
it's your yale
e-value
 





facebook
x
youtube
instagram
linkedin
 














accessibility at yale ·
      privacy policy 
      copyright © 2025 yale university · all rights reserved
    













