




gyrodyne helicopter co., mfg of qh-50 series of vtol uavs

















welcome, 
to the home of the 











helicopter historical
      foundation.



    
at this site, you will find the only authoritative
source on information concerning the coaxial helicopters manufactured by the gyrodyne
company of america from 1946 to 1969 and flown through 2006, that were the prototypes for and
subsequent production models of the qh-50 dash (drone
anti-submarine helicopter) weapon system and
other variants of this remarkable series of vtol unmanned aerial vehicles.




 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


while the days of the assembly line, as seen
at left are now just the memories of old, a small group of former
gyrodyne employees formed the gyrodyne helicopter
historical foundation to keep the history alive, here at this web
site.
    
    as it can be seen, this was the final assembly line at bldg 7
of gyrodyne's manufacturing facility in st. james, new york, in 1963. here the
basic transmission assembly would receive its fuel tank and aft supporting
structure and then its t50-bo-8 boeing turbine engine. from here, the aircraft
would be moved to test and then acceptance by the on-site navy purchasing
 receiving officer (navpro).



 at this time, gyrodyne was producing and
delivering over 100 qh-50c  drones per year.








these glory days have since passed, but the
memory of gyrodyne's contribution to the defense of this nation has been
preserved in thirteen specific areas:






click on the
      highlighted text or the helicopter next to the
      subject you wish to explore!








 
first: who we are: a short
narrative of the creation of the gyrodyne helicopter
historical foundation and what we do. also, the projects we complete are 
    as varied as the missions our qh-50's flew. check out the 
historical ghhf projects we have completed.  
    the history of the qh-50 is tied to the weapon it carried: the mk-44 
    torpedo. visit our mk-44 torpedo shop 
    -  its the only place like it!


 
       







second: please take a look at the biography
of the founder of gyrodyne, the american coaxial helicopter pioneer, peter
james papadakos (1914 to 1992). the story of his life, is the story of the
company he created, called gyrodyne.


 
       





 

third: if you are looking for the
definitive story of the  drone anti-submarine
helicopter (dash) weapon system, look
no further. this is the most specific and detailed accounting of dash
      history, the ships of dash, why the program was subsequently cancelled, and accountings 
      and memories
      by the sailors that flew dash.


 
       




 

fourth: what is so different
about the co-axial rotor system from other rotor systems that caused the u.s.
navy to spend hundreds of millions of dollars perfecting?  coaxial
benefits page tells why.



 
       




 

fifth: a short story of the evolution
of the qh-50 vtol unmanned aerial vehicle.


 
       








sixth: the full story of the development and
deployment of the first unmanned armed helicopters in the world to operate from
u.s.
navy destroyers can be viewed at  qh-50 models.


 
       






seventh: it took more than
the placing of a qh-50 drone on a u.s. destroyer to make dash work! what the
destroyer needed first, was the fram (fleet rehabilitation
and modernization) program  and over 160 destroyers and destroyer escorts
received this reconstruction to carry dash and asroc and extend those ship's lives by an
additional 8 years! here are the ships of fram, as well as information on asroc,
      dash and the business end of a destroyer: its 5 inch/38 caliber gun!


 
       






 

eighth: so, you want to see a
qh-50? here is a list of the museums we
support, their locations and pictures of their displays. 


 
       




 

ninth: a short list of the milestones
and "firsts" that gyrodyne has achieved over the past 55 years is a
testament to the will and dedication of its employees and to the coaxial design
that continues to be used to this day by the united states dept. of defense and
other foreign nations. 


 
       






tenth:
      the milestones that determine a company's success would not have occurred
      without the dedicated employees of the gyrodyne company of america. here
      the foundation has placed the  written memories of some former employees
      who remembered what it was like to work on a state-of-the-art weapon
      system......a system that has never been replicated and continues to work
      to this day.


 
       






eleventh:
      our foundation has relied upon a small group of former naval officers, sailors 
    and marines to assist us in researching the history of gyrodyne's qh-50 dash
      weapon system and other fram weapon systems on-ship. some of their stories
      are of typical navy life. the stories of the secret
      scurvy dog society are here.


 
       




 

finally, for the 
      u.s. dod activity looking for the capabilities of the
      gyrodyne qh-50c/d unmanned aircraft today, seeking services and technical information 
      and such, click here and we'll try to help you. 


 
       



if you have any questions regarding our web site or require
additional information, please feel free to
      contact
us! enjoy your adventure!














a gyrodyne qh-50c uav departs the u.s. navy
destroyer, uss hazelwood (dd-531), on an anti-submarine warfare (asw) mission,
armed with two mk-44 acoustic homing torpedoes. the uav was guided by a human
pilot (located on the launching ship) to the target using the ship’s radar
system. target acquisition was achieved using the ship’s an/sqs-23 sonar
system.
 


the site has been visited 

times since it was fram'd!


 

helicopter historical foundation
p.o. box 3838, reno, nevada usa 89505


because of spam, we ask that you copy the below address 
into your mail program and send us your comments!

email us at: gyrodyne_history@yahoo.comthe name "gyrodyne" in its stylized
form above, is the trademark of and owned by the gyrodyne helicopter historical
foundation; unauthorized use is prohibited by federal law.
all photographs, technical specifications, and
content are herein copyrighted and owned exclusively by gyrodyne helicopter
historical foundation, unless otherwise stated.  all rights reserved
©2013.
the gyrodyne helicopter historical foundation (ghhf) is a
private foundation incorporated in the state of nevada as a non-profit
organization. 
ghhf is dedicated to the advancement of 
the education and preservation of the history of the ships, the men and the 
company that built, operated and flew the u.s. navy's qh-50 drone anti-submarine 
helicopter (dash) system and to the preservation of the history of the u.s. 
army's past use of dash.
your support will allow for that work to continue.

