









eagle ridge resort | resort & rentals | gull lake near bemidji, mn







































































skip to content



















want the best deals and offers on cabins? sign up →










	notice: javascript is required for this content.
















218-586-2700












eagle ridge resort bemidji facebook






















218-586-2700












eagle ridge resort bemidji facebook






































 
cabins & campground cabins cabin 1 cabin 2 cabin 3 cabin 4 cabin 5 cabin 6 cabin 7 campground rates availability resort policies and informationactivities resort activities fishing gull lake photo gallerytestimonialsblogcontacthome










book now

















 
cabins & campground cabins cabin 1 cabin 2 cabin 3 cabin 4 cabin 5 cabin 6 cabin 7 campground rates availability resort policies and informationactivities resort activities fishing gull lake photo gallerytestimonialsblogcontacthome























book now



































 













eagle ridge resort






bemidji, mn

















clean lake cabins in the bemidji, mn northwoods
































cabinswe have 7 lakeside cabins available for rent. open year round!
 







see cabins →
















campsitesrv and tent campground. open all year for our guests!
 







see campsites →
















resort activitiescanoes, kayaks, paddle-boats, stand-up paddle boards, swim raft, and sandy beach
 







see resort activities →
















gull lake fishingwalleye, northern, sunfish, bluegill, crappie, perch, and largemouth bass.
 







fishing on gull lake →





















come to eagle ridge resort of bemidji for relaxation, fishing, and fun in the minnesota north woods!






eagle ridge resort is a minnesota family vacation resort located on gull lake in beltrami county 17 miles northeast of bemidji, minnesota. gull lake is a spring-fed lake that is known for its great fishing and very large panfish! we have canoes, kayaks, paddle-boats, stand-up paddle boards, swim raft, sandy beach, and water toys for our guests to use free of charge. we also have a pontoon and several boats for rent. there is free wi-fi, a walking trail through the woods, a playground, games in the lodge and plenty of things to do and see nearby.
eagle ridge resort is now open year round! all of the cabins are available from fishing opener (2nd saturday in may) until september 30 and cabins 2, 4 and 7 available october 1st through the winter!
we welcome you and your family to enjoy the peace and tranquility of the north woods.
call us for our spring and fall discounted rates! (218) 586-2700






hope to see you soon.







check cabin and campsite availability now!







































"this is a beautiful, well-run, family owned resort. we loved it and look forward to camping there again."






alison friedrich on google






feedback from previous guests →


















 


4.5 on trip advisor 










 


4.6 on google 

















updates












 

 




why a trip to gull lake is better than disney world



vacations give families and friends the chance to escape their everyday lives to relax and rejuvenate in a peaceful, cherished location. often, families choose to spend their trip in well-known destinations like disney world, paying high prices for family fun.…
read more





 

 




amazing reasons to take your children fishing



your kids aren’t going to be little forever, so you should take the opportunity to spend time with them as often as you can. one of the best ways to do this is by taking your child or your children…
read more





 

 




get a birdie or an eagle – on the links, that is!



are you interested in getting a birdie or an eagle while spending time at eagle ridge resort? we’re not talking about birdwatching – we are talking about spending a couple of blissful days on a pristine golf course. eagle ridge…
read more












more blog posts










 














lodging







cabinsavailabilityresort ratesresort policies and information








activities







resort activitiesfishing gull lakephoto gallery








learn more







blogtestimonialscontact ushome

















10246 stallion ct ne
tenstrike, mn 56683
info@eagleridgeresort.net
218-586-2700 or 800-279-5177











eagle ridge resort - bemidji mn © 2025









web design services by bluestem media llc









 



































