


shark research committee - home









 










about the shark research 
                  committee 


support our


sponsors





guest speaker


         and


media consultant


pacific coast
                  shark news
conservation & education 
sharks of the pacific coast
white shark biosketch
distribution and diet of pacific coast white sharks
predatory behavior of pacific coast white
      sharks
shark/human interactions along the

      pacific coast
pacific coast 
                  shark attack 
                  statistics

fatal pacific coast shark 
                  attacks 
                  1900  —  present
shark attacks along the 
                  pacific coast  2000 — 
shark attacks along the pacific 
                  coast - 1990s

case histories of unprovoked white shark attacks:
  divers
                    kayakers
                    surfers
   swimmers 

white shark interactions with inanimate 
                  objects 
publications
shark encounters:
white shark encounters along the 
                  pacific coast

soupfin shark encounter 

reporting forms:
  shark
                  attack
  shark
                  encounter
  shark
                  predation
shark web sites:
recommended links
 



 







 'save the sharks — save the oceans' ™ 















support the src
support our sponsors
save the sharks 













newsletter
t-shirt
book


 
about the shark research committee 
founded in 1963 as a 501 (c) 3, tax-exempt, non-profit scientific research organization, the shark research committee's primary goal was 
              to assist leonard p. schultz of the smithsonian institution and the office of naval research in documenting shark attacks from the pacific coast 
              of north america. this primary objective was later broadened to include 
              shark conservation, in addition to conducting  research on the general biology, behavior and 
              ecology of the  sharks indigenous to waters off 
              the pacific coast, with particular emphasis on potentially dangerous 
              species. 
early in this research, it was determined that the  white shark
(carcharodon carcharias) was the species indicted for the majority of
shark attacks recorded along the pacific coast of north america.
as a consequence, a preponderance of the data gathered by the shark research
committee over
the last five decades on shark/human interactions from the west coast relates
specifically to the white shark. in fact, the white shark is deemed responsible
for, or highly suspect in, 87% of all recorded unprovoked shark attacks on
humans that occurred off the pacific coast during the twentieth century.
 results from some of the shark research committee's research on 
            shark attacks along the pacific coast of north america have been  
            published in scientific journals and a  definitive new reference 
            book, "shark attacks of the twentieth century - from the pacific 
          coast of north america."
       

pacific coast shark news  —  
current shark activities along the pacific coast of north america, 
            including; attacks, encounters, observations, and predations available 
            here. 
  
web site updates 
you are invited to return for frequent updates to our pages. the 
            following are the most recent:
          



 february 2025  
                —
support the src , pacific coast shark news


 
publications


 



 
current and ongoing projects 

shark conservation and education
            
analysis of shark attacks along the pacific coast of north america
            
pacific coast shark news (web site public service)
            
dna extraction shark teeth 
predatory behavior of the white shark
            
functional morphology of the white shark
            
ecology of the white shark along the pacific coast of north america
            
social behavior of the white shark


 public outreach program
sharks and their interactions with humans are notoriously difficult to study. the 
            shark research committee has long relied on the kindness and generosity 
            of a great many interested persons who contributed shark specimens 
            or information/photos/video detailing their shark
            attack, shark encounter(s),
            and observations of shark
            predation.
the shark research committee is interested in establishing a network of
interested volunteers willing to assist its various research programs along the
pacific coast of north america.  such research assistants might include:

 pacific coast commercial fishermen 
        willing to share their shark experiences and/or perhaps donate any large 
        or unusual shark specimens 
individuals willing to collect data on pacific coast shark attacks, 
              predations, or encounters on behalf of the shark research committee

 if you are interested in becoming a volunteer and assisting with our
research please contact ralph s. collier.











the material contained on this web site is shared as a public service and to
further the scientific goals of the shark research committee.  all text and
images on this web site are the exclusive property of the shark research
committee.  information on this web site may be used for private study, but
may not otherwise be published, duplicated, or modified in any way without the
prior written permission of ralph s. collier. 












