




























home | tcta


























javascript must be enabled for the correct page display






contact us


member login








































texas classroom teachers association









menu






membership

membership overview

professional liability insurance


online cpe

online cpe overview

in the spotlight




discount programs


get involved

get involved overview

become a faculty representative


take 2, make $25 member referral program


tcta events


2025 convention


summer training workshops


field service request


advisory committee nomination form




become a member

become a member overview

membership benefits


student memberships


faqs about tcta




tcta merchandise




legal services

legal services overview

legal issues a to z


legal updates


staff attorneys & legal representation

staff attorneys & legal representation overview

ask-a-lawyer


professional liability insurance


teacher defense fund




legal videos


tuesdays with tcta




professional resources

professional resources overview

employment

employment overview

evaluation & assessment | t-tess


teacher designations


contracts & resignations


salaries & compensation


job search


financial assistance


benefits | trs, health insurance, social security




preparation, certification & professional development


curriculum & instruction


student issues


paraprofessionals


every student succeeds act | essa


districts of innovation


covid-19 faqs


publications

publications overview

the classroom teacher


survival guide


eupdate




latest education news


in the headlines




advocacy

advocacy overview

updates from the capitol


legislative accomplishments


texas teachers vote


act for tcta




about us

about us overview

tcta structure & staff


tcta leadership


tcta remembers traditions of the past


john bremond jr. mansion | tcta headquarters







search keywords



search








member login


contact us

























welcome to tcta
our focus is on the classroom, working to protect the rights and benefits of texas teachers and instructional staff.


learn more about membership


notify me when enrollment opens












          legal protection for texas teachers
tcta’s experienced staff attorneys are available to help you with job-related questions or concerns.









find info on everything from appraisals to student conduct.
legal issues a to z









tcta’s annual survival guide is the ultimate reference tool.
read the survival guide






members only



check out our videos explaining common legal issues.
watch now















          latest news




 latest education news
feb 14, 2025

sbec approves standards for teacher preparation, special education and contracts

during its feb. 14 meeting, sbec approved several rule changes for teacher preparation, special education content competency and contract sanctions.
all latest education news


 updates from the capitol
feb 14, 2025

speaker releases house committee assignments

all updates from the capitol




stay informed
our award-winning eupdate newsletter delivers the latest education news and important reminders from tcta to your inbox.
subscribe to eupdate













          protecting texas teachers’ rights since 1927








$8m
we offer the most comprehensive professional liability insurance available.




no. 1
tcta’s top-ranked teacher lobby team has an unmatched record of success.




0
we focus on the classroom—no administrators and no conflicting interests.

























          member central
connect with us at events and explore our discounts and cpe to make the most of your membership.









hot topics in education
tcta staff members and special guests discuss important education issues in our free webinar series.
watch replays now











get involved
learn more about being a faculty representative, request a speaker or attend an upcoming event.
get involved with tcta







member discounts
use our discount programs for travel, entertainment, books, supplies, gifts and more.
explore the savings







access online cpe
tcta offers members more than 70 hours of free online continuing professional education videos.
view our collection





























my tcta membership has been 110% worth every penny over the years; any questions / concerns are quickly resolved with a phone call or email.”
r. e.




when i called the help number for legal assistance, it only took about 10 minutes for a real person to contact me. you listened and cared.  you never made me feel like i was at fault for anything.”
m. c.




thank you for your valuable time to explain everything clearly to me regarding pensions and some of my social security questions. thank you for making everything so simple to understand.”
p. s., a member in region 3




thank you for your information and advice. my conversation with you was life changing—really. there are not enough words to express my gratitude. i feel like i may have my life back.”
m. g.




i wanted to thank you so much for all your hard work and expertise. you helped a little teacher like me stand up to an entire district and i can’t thank you enough!”
h. j.




i am a member because i believe we all need and deserve the protections and benefits we get.”
m. e., texarkana isd





toggle pause/play





















become a member of tcta
we will work hard to exceed your expectations and deliver outstanding service and membership benefits this year and throughout your career.
join tcta










































texas classroom teachers association





membership


legal services


professional resources


advocacy


about us







pinterest





youtube





facebook





twitter








        copyright© 2025 texas classroom teachers association® the educated choice® all rights reserved.
      


terms of use


privacy policy









