






bart fireside | a store for all seasons

















































home

about us
links


gas logs

vent-free gas logs
vented decorative gas logs


fireplaces

woodburning fireplaces
gas fireplaces
electric fireplaces


stoves

woodburning stove & inserts
gas stoves
pellet stoves


grills & kitchens
build a fireplace

measurement sheet
fireplace builder


sale
blog
 





select page


  
 



 



 





















 
slide 1serving the midlands since 1979
serving the midlands since 1979
serving the midlands since 1979
a fireplace or stove can add beauty, warmth and value to your home and set the mood for memorable gatherings of family and friends.
a fireplace or stove can add beauty, warmth and value to your home and set the mood for memorable gatherings of family and friends.
a fireplace or stove can add beauty, warmth and value to your home and set the mood for memorable gatherings of family and friends.
 












beauty you can warm up to…bart fireside!

bart fireside has been columbia, south carolina’s premier fireplace, outdoor kitchen, and outdoor living shop since 1979. we carry a large selection of gas logs, fireplaces , stoves, grills, outdoor kitchens,  gas fire pits, outdoor heating solutions, and fireplace accessories.
the right fireplace or stove can add beauty, warmth and value to your home and set the mood for memorable gatherings of family and friends.
but choosing and installing a hearth system without adequate expertise is literally playing with fire. that is why we make quality training and credentials our mission.
planning and installing fireplaces, stoves and their venting systems requires experience, technical knowledge and skills. numerous decisions – from proper floor protection to appliance sizing and placement, to venting systems compatibility and height-should all be made with the expertise of a specialist. one of the ways to identify a component specialist is to check their credentials at www.nficertified.org
we are proud to be active nfi members, committed to continuing education and training on the latest technology and innovation for the safety of your home.







bart fireside is proud to be national fireplace institute (nfi) certified. the nfi is the professional certification division of the heart, patio & barbecue education foundation (hpbef), a 501(c)3 non-profit educational organizations for the hearth industry. nfi’s objective is to increase public safety by establishing meaningful credentials for professionals involved in planning and installing residential hearth appliances and venting systems.








bring the beauty of fire to your home


















bart fireside

fireplaces – indoor & outdoor
gas logs
wood & gas stoves
grills & outdoor kitchens
fire pits and burners
outdoor furniture












visit us
1131 broad river rdcolumbia, sc 29210
(between greystone & bush river rd)








open hours
tuesday - friday 9:30-5:30saturday 9:30-3:30sunday- mon closed








call us
803-772-7364







get in touch!



803-772-7364





website contact form




name


phone


email address


address


message




submit















 











facebook




rss


© bart fireside 













































