





 



a theosophical voice






































skip to content



 













search for: 



 





 
 a theosophical voice
 










home
theosophy
online programs

a guide to the spirit world for natives
dharma meditation: bringing the wisdom of our bodies into accord
planetary healing through powerful sounds


faq
basic theosophy
about
 

contact






















home
theosophy
online programs

a guide to the spirit world for natives
dharma meditation: bringing the wisdom of our bodies into accord
planetary healing through powerful sounds


faq
basic theosophy
about
 








 
 a theosophical voice
 













search for:







 







aboutwelcome to a theosophical voice
a theosophical voice is a site created to make theosophical ideas from diverse people around the world to be heard. through a forum, we will create exciting discussions regarding matters of the theosophical institution and its present issues.
we believe that the thoughts and opinions of each and everyone are important and are being heard in a forum and organization. in other venues where theosophy is talked about, the ideas and thoughts of the people are considered unnecessary, and they don’t get a chance to speak up. here, we put a twist.
there are a lot of …

know more


 



theosophy online programs 
 


a guide to the spirit world for nativesbe with us as we guide you through the spirit world and realm. we will share our wisdom on the domain where divine helpers, spirit teachers, totems, and angels are.
read more


 


 


dharma meditationthe stillness of the mind and body also means a good rest for the soul, which is how theosophy communicates to the higher power. there is wisdom in a human body that is waiting to be unraveled. by dharma meditation, you get to experience the beautiful mystery in you.
read more


 


 


planetary healing through powerful soundsdo you know that there are power and healing in specific sounds? however, when there are soothing, positive sounds, there are also sounds that majorly influence you to have unhealthy thoughts.
read more


 


 

view all


 




frequently asked questions 
1: what is the theosophical society composed of?
a: this society is composed of students from many religions. some of its students also do not have specific religious beliefs. their organization has an agreement that unites everyone. this society has branches and international headquarters all over the world.
2: what does theosophy mean?
a: theosophy is a doctrine that holds a lot of wisdom on life mysteries, the universe, and divinity. it is filled with philosophy, traditions, and religious beliefs.





 



latest theosophy articles 






july 25, 2024


taste the change: how freeze-dried candy inspires spiritual growth across cultures


reflect on personal growth by embracing how diverse cultures interpret spiritual evolution. begin by exploring transformative symbols like freeze-dried candy, or puffys, which metaphorically capture the essence of spiritual transformation. examine the unique cultural traditions that illuminate these spiritual journeys, using tools like karma candles as a source of inspiration to recognize the interconnected web of shared human experience. engage with various philosophical perspectives that challenge and …







december 1, 2023


is vaping clouding your spiritual path? explore the hidden implications


explore the eurovap specials for alternative options or products that could aid in aligning your physical habits with your spiritual objectives. reflect on your vaping practice as a potential barrier to spiritual growth by engaging in mind-body awareness techniques. start by setting aside daily meditation time to explore how vaping influences your inner thoughts and emotional states. incorporate breath control exercises to consciously understand how vaping alters your body’s natural rhythms, and consider how this might affect your spiritual journey. seek wisdom from cultural teachings that …







august 21, 2023


karma candles by lush- a meditative blend of scents for your home


the karma candle by lush, a top canadian candle company, is more than just a candle. well, it’s certainly not the karma you are used to. it’s an invitation to create a cozy and relaxing atmosphere in your home. it’s a unique blend of brazilian orange and earthy patchouli and is undoubtedly a best-selling fragrance. in this article, we will explore the captivating scent profile of karma candles. you’ll learn about its aromatherapy benefits and how it reflects lush’s …







march 13, 2022


spiritual awakening through vaping?


vaping can have a calming effect on the mind. it could also lead you along a road of spiritual development. keep reading to know more about how vaping e-juice could help you relax and maybe help you reach spiritual enlightenment.
having a genuine spiritual awakening
many people are curious about spiritual awakening. it’s difficult to say whether you’ve ever had a similar experience. every person’s journey is unique, however, there are a few common spiritual awakening signs.
…







january 18, 2022


the true meaning of karma


from being a foreign concept, karma became mainstream in the west when the theosophical movement and madame blavatsky introduced it. people saw the truth of karma and embraced it in their spiritual lives.
not everyone gets the true notion of the law of karma; this spiritual teaching has often been misunderstood.
law of karma
karma is the law of cause and effect, sequence and consequence, and action and reaction. this law teaches us that an effect comes back to you in everything you do, as this is the universe’s way to balance and harmonize everything and everyone in it.
you are subject to …







january 15, 2022


the theosophical movement


the difference between the theosophical movement and the theosophical society is that the former has the universal, spiritual, ethical, and moral continuous effect that will last a lifetime.
on the other hand, the theosophical society is formed by organizations and bodies made by men. these organizations may have different participants from time to time, especially when alterations happen and men stick to dogmatism.
the theosophical movement has all the freedom compared to the theosophical societies. you can see its teachings being spread to nations for centuries. these movements welcome spiritual ideas no matter how they are…









© copyright 2025 a theosophical voice. all rights reserved. 





top


















