




the bouldin house





























the bouldin house


 




home
about
contact
privacy
tos
 







early intervention programmes: what can parents do to help their children?

june 24, 2024 10:18 pm \ by jessica lopez 

in singapore, early intervention programmes are really important for kids who need help with their growth and learning. as a parent, it might seem like a lot to understand these programmes, but knowing what to do can make a big difference for your child. 


here’s a simple guide with five important steps for parents in singapore to follow when thinking about early intervention programmes:

identify early signs and seek assessment 

keep an eye on how your child is doing. if you notice they’re not doing things like other kids, having trouble talking or making friends, or acting differently, it’s important to pay attention. talk to doctors or specialists who can figure out what’s happening and help you decide what to do next.
2.        research and understand available programmes
once your child has been assessed, take the time to research and understand the early intervention programmes available in singapore. these programmes may include government-funded initiatives, community-based services, or private therapy centers. each early intervention programme can help your child in different ways. 
for example, some programmes can help them talk better (speech therapy), some can help with daily tasks (occupational therapy), others can help them move better (physical therapy), and some can help with their behavior. 
when you’re looking at these programmes, think about things like how close they are, how much they cost, and what your child needs the most help with. these factors can help you decide which programme will be the best fit for your child.
3.        consult with professionals and specialists
talk to people who know a lot about children and help them early on. these could be doctors like pediatricians, experts in child development, or therapists. they can give you good advice based on what they find out about your child. they’ll help you understand what your child is good at and where they might need extra help. then, they’ll suggest things that can help your child get better.
4.        develop an individualized intervention plan
work together with experts to make a plan just for your child. this plan will be made specifically for what your child needs and is good at. it will have goals and ways to reach them in different areas like talking, moving, making friends, and thinking. keep working with therapists and teachers to follow this plan and see how your child is doing as time goes on.
5.        engage in active participation and advocacy
get involved in your child’s programme by going to therapy sessions, workshops, and parent training. be a part of your child’s therapy sessions, try the strategies they suggest at home, and keep talking to therapists and teachers. also, speak up for what your child needs in healthcare and schools, so they can get the help and support they require.
walking the journey 
by doing these important steps, parents in singapore can understand and use early intervention programmes to help their child grow well. early help is really important for making sure your child can do their best and feel good overall. 
and remember, you’re not alone on this journey – get help from early intervention professionals, talk to other parents going through similar things, and celebrate every little success along the way.


posted in: default



the impact of early intervention: 4 success stories from singapore

june 20, 2024 9:45 am \ by jessica lopez 



in singapore, there are programmes to help specially-abled young children from early ages. these programmes are super important because they help children who might have problems with learning or growing up. they find these problems early and help fix them. 
let’s look at four stories from singapore that show how these programmes really make a big difference in kids’ lives.
1. aiden’s journey to communication success
when aiden was two, doctors told his family he had autism. this made it hard for him to talk to others and make friends. but luckily, he got help from special programmes very early on. these programmes taught him how to talk better and how to be more comfortable around other people. with the help of speech therapy and learning how to socialize, aiden got much better at expressing himself and making friends. 
now, he’s doing really well in school and interacts easily with friends. this shows how getting help early can really change someone’s life for the better
2. ella’s triumph over learning difficulties
when ella started school, she had trouble learning and it made her feel upset. she wasn’t doing as well in school as she wanted to. but ella’s parents knew it was important to get help early. so, they signed her up for special classes where teachers could give her extra help just for her. ella got help from her teachers and others. 
she learned new ways to understand things and do better in school. she worked really hard and ended up doing even better than her classmates! ella’s story shows how early help can help someone do their very best in school. 
3. raj’s path to independence with physical therapy
when raj was born, he had a condition called cerebral palsy, which made it hard for him to move around like other kids. this meant he couldn’t do things on his own like playing or getting dressed. but in singapore, there are special programmes that help kids like raj get better at moving. these programmes gave him special exercises and tools to help him get stronger and move better. 
with practice and special tools, raj learned to move better and do things by himself. now, he can do things on his own much easier. this shows how early help can really change someone’s life, making them more independent.
4. sophia’s journey to emotional resilience 
when sophia was little, she felt scared a lot because of something called anxiety. but her family knew it was important to help her feel better. they talked to people who know about feelings and got special help for sophia. she learned different ways to handle her worries, like talking about them and doing calming things. sophia practiced these, and she got much better at feeling less anxious and more confident. this shows that getting help early can really change how we feel inside.
these stories show how early help can really change someone’s life for the better. by giving support at the right time and with special care, these programmes helped people overcome problems and do great things. 
it’s important to make sure more kids can get this kind of help so they can grow up happy and successful. let’s keep supporting early intervention programmes to give every child the chance to do their best.


posted in: default



how chinese enrichment classes can help your child love mandarin

july 5, 2021 9:30 am \ by jessica lopez 

do you want your child to become fluent in speaking chinese? if yes, you likely may have used different strategies to teach him about the language at home.
if, despite your best efforts, your child did not make much progress, you should consider sending him to a chinese enrichment centre.


the tutors in the centre will be able to do a better job than you because they have years of experience under their belt and have successfully helped a lot of kids learn how to speak chinese fluently.
as a parent, you may have the notion that sending your kid to a chinese enrichmentcentre is overkill. but the truth is that it is not. as you likely know, chinese is a difficult language to learn. to successfully teach your kid how to speak it, you have to go above and beyond in your efforts.
in this article, we are going to look at some ways attending a chinese enrichment class can help develop a love for mandarinin your little one.
playing and learning
enrichment classes are successful at helping kids of all ages learn how to speak chinese because of their unique approach to learning.
unlike a regular class where students recite words and learn about vague theories, enrichment classes use play and fun activities to teach kids about chinese. most of the teaching that is done in enrichment classes happens during playtime.
enrichment centres have stuck to this method of teaching because it works wonders. in fact, a study conducted a while back supports this. the study pointed out that play can improve the memory of kids. and as you know, learning a new language involves a lot of memorizing.
below are some of the fun activities kids engage in as they learn chinese.

singing folk songs
playing interactive games
solving puzzles in chinese
listening to stories  

helping kids love the chinese culture
chinese enrichment classes can help instill the love for the chinese culture in little kids because they teach both the language and the culture in their classes.
the tutors in these classes teach kids about the culture and art through folktales and brush calligraphy.
as students learn the rich culture, history, and myth and legend of china, they will develop a deep love and appreciation for the chinese language.
the right language teachers
the teachers at chinese enrichment centres are result-oriented and have the skill and expertise to help kids become excited about learning chinese.  
their spot-on teaching strategies can help kids learn how to pronounce chinese words the right way. these teachers are passively planting a seed that will help kids develop a love for the chinese language.
note
sending your kid to a chinese enrichment class is by far the best way to help him become better at speaking chinese.
as mentioned above, these centres do a lot more than teach kids how to speak mandarin. their professional teachers can effectively use stories and a few other methods to help kids develop a deep love for chinese culture.


posted in: default



benefits of attending chinese enrichment classes in singapore

june 29, 2021 5:13 am \ by jessica lopez 


chinese is a popular language spoken in singapore, china, and other parts of the world.
teaching your kid how to speak chinese will open him to new opportunities.
if you know how to speak chinese, you may think that you can teach your kid how to speak the language at home. if you succeed at this, you should pat yourself on the back because you have achieved something amazing.
however, if after putting in the work and trying different strategies, your kid still doesn’t know the basics of the language, you should enroll him in a chinese enrichment class.
since chinese enrichment classes are available for toddlers, you don’t have to wait until your kid is all grown up before signing him up.
if you enroll your little one into a good chinese enrichment class, you will start noticing notable improvement in his chinese speaking skill in no distant time.
read on to learn some of the merits of chinese enrichment classes.
improves your child’s learning ability
while every enrichment programs have their unique goals, they are all geared toward enhancing the learning ability of kids. 
enrichment centers can help kids learn chinese because they focus on the basics and work their way up. they usually start with greetings and how to begin and carry on a conversation in chinese.
later on, they will learn how to respond to different scenarios and react to criticism. they will also be taught descriptions, idioms, sarcasm, and so on.
improve your kid’s imaginative prowess
kids need a channel to express their creativity and imaginations.
an enrichment class is the perfect environment for kids to bloom, have fun, and express their creativity and natural talents.
if you don’t send your kid to an enrichment class, there is a huge possibility that his natural skill and creativity may stay hidden and eventually disappear in the long run.
make friends
chinese enrichment center isn’t just a place for kids to learn how to speak chinese. it is also a place for kids to interact with kids their age, make friends, and air their opinion.
sending your kid to an enrichment center is a great way to improve his social skill, learn how to deal with other people, and build long-lasting relationships.
boost self-esteem
sending your child to a good chinese enrichment class will go a long way in boosting his self-esteem. as he becomes more proficient in speaking chinese, his confidence level will increase rapidly. this, in turn, will make him more motivated to learn.
have fun
chinese enrichment classes use play, storytelling, puzzles, and other fun activities that kids love to help them learn about the chinese culture and to speak mandarin fluently.
final note
the benefits offered by chinese enrichment classes are endless.
if you enroll your kid in a good one, he will become proficient at speaking chinese in no time. even more, he is going to enjoy the benefits stated above.
keep in mind that not all chinese enrichment centers in singapore are reputable and can help your kids. so before making a final decision, you have to first do deep and extensive research.


posted in: default



amazing benefits of english enrichment classes

june 24, 2021 8:11 am \ by jessica lopez 


enrichment classes are becoming more and more popular in singapore because of the benefits they offer. since they can help a child soar in every category, many parents enroll their kids into them, regardless of their cut-throat tuition.
if you are new to enrichment classes, you may have the notion that any enrichment class will help your child soar academically. well, the truth is that only enrichment classes that center on academic subjects can help your kids do well in school.
english enrichment class is one of the most sorted out enrichment classes in singapore because it can drastically improve the educational life of kids.
read on to learn a few of these benefits your kid will enjoy in an english enrichment class.
before we dive into the nitty-gritty of this article, we will first take a close look at what english enrichment program is all about.
a close look at english enrichment class
english enrichment classes focus on improving the english speaking and reading skill of kids. during the class, teachers help to narrow down the weak spot of each student and strategize ways to help them overcome their problem. what’s more, they offer tips and practical advice that will help reinforce their english competency.
benefits of english enrichment classes
the most important thing you must consider when choosing an enrichment class is what your kid will gain from them. below are a handful of the benefits of english enrichment classes.
help kids learn at their own pace
as you likely know, not all kids learn at the same pace.
whether your kid is a slow or a fast learner, he will benefit from enrichment classes, as they offer customized sessions that can help them learn at their own pace.
when kids learn at a pace they are comfortable with, they will be motivated to learn.
improve their english speaking skills
the reason why parents sign their kids up for english enrichment classes is because they want their kids to speak and read in english fluently.
english enrichment class can help you achieve this goal.
their experience teachers will arm the students with the skills they need to do everything from managing their time and study to preparing for tests and exams.
what’s more, the class encourages self-directed learning, which pushes kids to learn on their own.
make kids more interested in the english language
many kids in singapore struggle with the english language because they can’t grasp what they are learning in class. if this happens for a long time, they are going to become disengaged and uninterested in it.
english enrichment class can rekindle their lost passion and interest in the english language.
the right resources
many kids who are enrolled in english enrichment classes later become proficient english speakers in no time. one key factor that affected their progress is the resources they had access to.
english enrichment centers provide the necessary resources kids need to become better english speakers.
conclusion
see, you are not going to regret sending your child to an english enrichment class. the lessons he will learn there will not only help him become more proficient in the english language but will also help him do well in other subjects.


posted in: default



best enrichment classes for toddlers

june 20, 2021 6:00 am \ by jessica lopez 


as a loving parent, you are ready to go above and beyond to give your child a head start in life.
one way to help your little one develop quicker is by enrolling him in an enrichment center. there, he will learn new things, make friends, play, and develop new interests.
many enrichment centers in singapore offer classes on cooking, dancing, and everything in-between.
needless to say, these classes are amazingand can bring the best out of kids, but there is a chance that many of them may not be great for your child.
well, the truth is that narrowing down the best enrichment class for your little one isn’t easy. you may have to consider your kid’s interests and a few others things before making a final decision.
in this article, we are going to be exploring some of the enjoyable and educational enrichment classes for toddlers.
dancing  
does your kid love dancing? if yes, you should consider signing him up for an enrichment class that centers on dancing. there are several enrichment centers in singapore that offer dance lessons for toddlers within the ages of 18 months to 3 years.
if you are like most parents, you may have the notion that dancing is just a fun activity, but the truth is that it is a lot more than that.
you see, dancing can improve your child’s coordination and help him become more flexible.
sports
if you have a rambunctious toddler that loves to move around and play all day, you should sign him up for classes on sports like soccer, cricket, and rugby.
these classes will teach your kid how to catch, throw, and kick. and before you know it, your little one will be a mini-star athlete.
arts  
many singaporean parents sign their kids up for enrichment classes on art because of the benefits they offer.
as your toddler learns about shapes and sizes and works with brushes and colors, his creativity and motor skill are going to improve.
even if your child doesn’t like to get his hands dirty, he can still learn about arts. some enrichment centers in singapore offers workshop ranging from the theatre for kids to music appreciation. what’s surprising is that these classes are affordable.
swimming
do you want to teach your toddler how to move round in the water but don’t know how to go about doing that? if yes, you are not alone. there are a number of parents who want the same thing, but because of their busy schedule and a few other factors, they aren’t able to do that.
well, the good news is that there are enrichment classes that teach kids between 4 months to 2 years of age how to swim, float, and leave a pool.
note that the centers that offer swimming classes have qualified instructors with years of experience under their belt. what’s more, the pools in these centers are heated, clean, and contain less chlorine. so, you have nothing to worry about.
conclusion
singapore is home to many enrichment centers that offer classes that most toddlers will find fun and interesting. choosing among the many classes offered by these centers is definitely going to be a challenge for you.
to increase the odds of you picking the rightclass for your toddler, you have to consider everything from his interest to his unique needs and preferences.


posted in: default



3 reasons why you should send your toddler to an enrichment class in singapore

june 15, 2021 6:30 am \ by jessica lopez 


let’s face it, not all kids are super intelligent and can grasp complex concepts quickly.
so if your toddler isn’t learning as fast as you want him to, don’t be worried or sad. instead, you should take steps to help him. this can mean everything from sending him to an enrichment class to hiring a home tutor to offer extra help.
that said, if you want quick results, then you should sign your little one up for an enrichment class that suits his needs and can bring the best out of him.  
besides helping your child soar academically, enrichment classes can improve other areas of your child’s life.
if you are still doubtful or aren’t really sure if enrichment classes will be great for your little one, this article is for you. read on to learn some reasons why toddlers benefit from enrichment classes.
improve their social skills
since your toddler has always been with you most of his life, it is going to take him a while to get comfortable with interacting with other adults and kids.
enrichment classes can help speed things up and help your toddler learn valuable social skills that will help him during his life.
the extracurricular group activities carried out in enrichment classes encourage cooperation and collaboration between kids.
as your toddler continues to interact with other kids, it will become easier for him to make friends and share his thoughts.
improve gross motor and fine skills
in a regular class, kids spend a huge chunk of their time learning about theories that will make them think and ultimately improve their cognitive ability.
in an enrichment class, on the other hand, kids engage in activities that will improve both their mental abilities and their motor skill.
fun activities like painting and playing musical instruments can improve motor skills like hand-eye coordination and dexterity, just to mention a few.
physical activities like sports and dance can help to strengthen the gross motor skill of kids. other activities like hopping and running give kids room to express themselves physically.
what’s interesting is that while this is happening, they are learning a bunch of skills.
creativity
enrichment classes on subjects like music, art, and dance give kids an opportunity to express themselves in new ways.
they expressing themselves this way could spring up their hidden talents and ignite their creativity.
enrichment classes can also help kids learn how to express their thoughts and feelings creatively. and as you know, increased creativity and self-expression can lead to increased self-esteem and confidence.
conclusion
as a loving parent, sending your kid to an enrichment class should be at the top of your priorities. as pointed out above, enrichment classes can help kids grow in ways you cannot imagine.
unlike a regular school that sticks to a rigid curriculum, enrichment classes are flexible and can help kids learn new skills, improve their social skills, and unlock their creativity.


posted in: default



two major autism therapies for children

may 2, 2020 2:00 am \ by jessica lopez 


in modern times, ‘autism spectrum disorder’ (asd) is not a curse; instead, parents can reduce the autism symptoms of their children through significant therapies. yes, the application of a variety of autism therapies is successful in lessening the autism disorders among children. 
here, we will discuss ‘relationship development intervention (rdi)’ and ‘sensory integration and related therapies.’ yes, these two significant therapies ensure positive results to improve the learning, interaction, and social skills of the asd children in singapore to many other countries.
let’s learn more about two primary autism therapies ‘relationship development intervention (rdi)’ and ‘sensory integration and related therapies’ for children. 
for more information about the types of autism therapies, what takes place during therapy and autism therapy goals, read more here. 
relationship development intervention (rdi)
it is a pretty recent approach to autism therapy. rdi is quite useful for all aged children, and the trainers can start the therapy session of the young child.
the goal of rdi therapy is to develop the social skills of the children. here, they learn ‘how to build up social engagement with others.’ thus, asd children can able to make a strong bonding with their family members, as well. yes, the parents’ live performance is essential to the rdi therapy session. the parents can be active trainers for them to improve the social and communication skills of autistic children. sure, the parents can create more opportunities to develop the social relationship of autistic children.
 though the rdi training session is a new approach, the result is trustworthy. you can watch videos and join a workshop to learn more about rdi therapy. you must consult with the registered rdi consultant to get visible outcomes. rdi consultants may guide you to improve your child’s social and communication skills.
sensory integration and related therapies
we know, the asd children suffer from sensory problems. some autistic children are too sensitive, and they have acute symptoms shown for several objects. yes, they feel irritation or temptation from some items. like- lights, noise, and human touch.
the sensory integration and related therapies has positive effects on improving the condition of asd children. the therapists prefer to apply sensory therapy for every autistic child who has an acute disorder. like, they feel irritated or afraid of noise, lights, and human touch. the objective of this sensory therapy is to reduce the children’s attitude to external inducements.
for instance, if any asd children show hypersensitive attitude for being human touch, the therapists try to reduce it over time. yes, from the sensory therapy, the therapists can reduce the hypersensitive attitude of the asd children. the counselor prefers to apply different types of fabrics to their skin to get them habituated to the sensations. the therapists play various types of enjoyable games with the children to make a close relationship with them. the friendly relations between the physicians and the asd children can help to improve the condition of the asd children.
undoubtedly, the ‘relationship development intervention (rdi)’ and ‘sensory integration and related therapies’ are the two primary autism therapies for the children. the counselors of asd in singapore and all over the world prefer to follow these two significant therapies to improve the social and communication skills of autistic children. for more details, please, click the link: https://www.webmd.com/brain/autism/autism-therapies-aba-rdi-and-sensory-therapies


posted in: default



significant autism therapies for children

april 24, 2020 2:48 am \ by jessica lopez 


not only in singapore but also all over the world, researchers still are searching for the best treatments for ‘autism spectrum disorder’ (asd). some recent approached or autism therapies for children can develop the condition of the child’s autism. here, we will discuss significant autism therapies for the children that are successful in reducing the symptoms of autism. 
behavior & communication therapies play essential roles to improve the cognitive abilities of the children. the behavior and communication therapies are practiced to improve the verbal skills of the child. let’s learn about behavior and communication therapies for autism here.
behavior and communication therapies for children
according to the research of the american academy of pediatrics and the national research council, the behavior and communication therapies are successful for the development of ‘autism spectrum disorder’ (asd) for children. the behavior approaches teach autistic children with particular structure, shape, and direction.
the behavior and communication approaches include applied behavior analysis (aba) treatment. this aba treatment is quite applicable to different autism schools for disables children. it ensures positive behavior and improves a variety of communication skills. in aba treatment, the therapist records the progression of each child.
let’s discuss different types of aba autism therapies for the children:
discrete trial training (dtt)
dtt is one kid of teaching approaches, where the teachers use several sequences of behavior approach to teaching them appropriate behaviorisms. in this training session, the lessons need to divide into several parts. the disables child gets a reward if they provide the correct answer. the wrong answers need to be avoided.
early intensive behavioral intervention (eibi)
this kind of aba approach applies to autistic children between the age of 3 and 5. the goal of this therapy is to teach positive behaviors and social communication skills to the children. also, it reduces the negative attitude of the children. like- irritation, aggressiveness, and self-harming attitude. 
early start denver model (esdm)
this type of aba therapy is applicable for 12-48 months of asd children. the parents’ role is significant. both the parents and therapists’ roles are crucial to assist the children in developing their social, language, communication, and intellectual skills.
pivotal response training (prt)
prt aims to enhance the motivational power of the children so that they feel encouraged to learn, track their behavior, and start to communicate with others. the positive reinforcement in this approach helps to effect promisingly to their behavior.
verbal behavior intervention (vbi)
vbi is an aba therapy that mainly deals with the improvement of the verbal skills of autistic children. it focuses on the ability of the disables child on ‘how they can institute communication with others.’ this therapy is quite essential for the treatment program of the asd child. the applied behavior analysis (aba) treatment is quite successful in the improvement of autistic children. the above mentioned 5 types of aba treatment are followed in singapore and other countries as the autism therapies for children.


posted in: default



best applied autism therapies for children

april 19, 2020 8:18 am \ by jessica lopez 


remarkably, the significant number of available autism therapies can help parents to reduce their children’s autism symptoms and abilities. help in terms of autism therapy is available and accessible. 
the (aap) american academy of pediatrics suggests the parents to start treatment immediately after they get noticed autism symptoms in their children. in recent times, not only in singapore but also the therapists all over the world prefer to follow the following best autism therapies for the children to lessen their disabilities.
let’s learn about the top 5 autism therapies for children
occupational therapy
‘occupational therapy’ is quite helpful for autistic children. in the occupational therapy session, the therapists train the children to perform their daily tasks and activities. like- wearing clothes, open the t-shirt’s button, ‘how to hold the fork in a proper way’ and others. this particular therapy aims to perform the tasks at school and playground with a child’s necessity and learning objectives.
speech therapy
speech therapy for autistic children helps them to improve their communication and interaction skills. also, it aids autistic children in developing their non-verbal skills. for instance, the therapist train the children to make proper eye-contacts, involve in a conversation, and understand body movements and physical gestures.
notably, the autistic children can express their thoughts and views with the sign of pictures, symbols, and specific languages in the speech therapy training session. over recent years, speech therapists work efficiently for autistic children to improve their verbal and interaction expertise 
social developmental skills
social developmental skills for autistic children can be applied in school, home, and or in a specific community. here, the parents can be the active teachers for their children, and they can start teaching the social skills at their home. the objectives of social skills classes are to teach the child on ‘how to intact with others socially’ and ‘how to make social bonding with others.’ here, therapists or parents teach autistic children through different role-playing activities. 
therapeutic horseback riding
‘therapeutic horseback riding’ or known as “hippotherapy,” teaches the children to make interactions with the animals. here, the therapist trains an autistic child to ride on a horse to understand the reaction and the movements of the animal. according to research, the ‘therapeutic horseback riding’ is successful in improving the autistic children’s (aged between 5 to 16) social and speaking skills. in the same way, it teaches the children to make themselves less irritable and agitated.
picture exchange communication system (pecs)
this kind of autism therapy is helpful for the children, who can’t speak, face difficulties to understand and can’t comprehend anything. in this therapy session, the therapists use pictures to understand the activities and behaviorism to the children. pecs therapy is not applicable if the disable children don’t prefer to learn from pictures. according to scholars, the pecs can improve the communication skills of the disabled children, but can’t lead any active development in speech learning.


posted in: default



school needs to be a safe environment, a few reasons why

june 1, 2018 6:18 am \ by jessica lopez 

news on the global scale can be quite worrying. with terrorism and societal problems becoming the norm, schools have become soft targets.  chiltern house preschool education has a method in place that ensures that kids who attend school have adequate security in place. if you are a parent looking to send your young one to a preschool, check out this chiltern house review for an honest review of preschools in singapore.

here are a few reasons why schools need to be safe.
• preschool education is that time in the life of a child when s/he is on the precipice of learning something new every year. as a child gets to understand subjects, the environment needs to be safe otherwise; the child will never be able to concentrate and may even lose interest. also when a child is not safe, s/he will never be able to learn something new.
• surveillance cameras are an intrusive force that is a given. however, with the amounts of atrocities occurring every minute, heck every second, the need of the hour by educational institutions is to have cameras strategically placed in the school.
• children have a tendency of touching anything that looks sparkly and interesting. in this context, flowers in the garden need to be carefully planted so that thorns do not cause any damage to the little ones. however, children can be taught the do’s, don’ts of plant life, the advantages of some, and the negative effects of the others.
• some additional facets that are very important in the overall scheme of things is the right texture of the building. a preschooler will always use a smooth surface and slide on the tiles, which can cause her/him to lose her/his grip or balance and meet with an accident. it is wise to ensure that the interiors and exteriors are safe and do not pose any problem for kids and adults alike.
• many schools today have security guards who work round the clock in shifts. before employing a professional guard, a background check must be taken into account by the school. parents entrust their kids to a school and expect that all methods of safety are provided to their children while they are away from home.
to put it in perspective
the points cited above stress the issues as to why it is relevant to ensure safety for children of every age group. once this basic is in place, parents will make a beeline for a reliable and safe school for their little ones.


posted in: default



does your office look like one of the following?

may 30, 2018 6:22 pm \ by jessica lopez 

if you are reading this on a commute, you should check out these amazing office spaces that will drag you to work everyday.

a common area with comfortable sofas
 

a gym tucked in one corner of the office, where you can take a break and visit anytime of the day.


posted in: default



how long should your child spend in a nursery

april 10, 2018 11:51 am \ by jessica lopez 

while choosing the right nursery school for your child it is important to consider how much time your child would be spending in the nursery. it is no surprise the most children are sent to nursery schools from a young age. this is why there are so many nurseries and daycares around that have a range of timings. some go on for two hours in a day while others can even be for the entire day. how do you then choose how much time is appropriate for the child?
if you intend to send your child to a nursery, do consider chiltern house nursery school singapore. they prepare your child for formal education, and their activities include lessons in linguistics, mathematics, science and social group learning. if you are serious about a holistic education for your child, do check their website above.
if you are keen to send your child to a quality preschool, do check out this chiltern house review for an honest review of the school.

studies show that the optimum time for a child to be in a nursery is 3 hours a day. here are a few reasons why this timing is the most suited.
shorter time away from parents
this timing allows the child to be away from the house and interact with other children while not being so long that they begin to miss their parents and start to make a fuss. this is very important as the child needs to be able to develop their social skills right from a young age but they are still dependant on their parents for most things.
attention spans
a child that age has a very short attention span. this is why the teachers in the nurseries have to ensure that they are always kept occupied. this time span allows the teachers in the schools to plan out the activities that they will do with the kids in such a way that the child is always interested in what is happening and they don’t get bored or fed up of being at the school. this is important as they would make a fuss to come to the school if they are bored most of the time.
time with parents
as the child is growing up it is important that they spend the maximum of their time with their parents but are still able to be a little independent at times. by having the child in nursery for three hours a day the child will be able to become more independent.
children get tired easily
a child gets tired of 2-4 hours of activity therefore 3 hours of school is most appropriate for them. so unless the school has enough place for all of the kids to have naps it is best that they wear out the kids in the school and then send them home for nap time.
this timing is also helpful to prepare the child for kindergarten and for school later.


posted in: default



give your child the best start in life

november 22, 2017 5:01 am \ by jessica lopez 



posted in: default



a few reasons why reading promotes resilience

november 18, 2017 6:36 pm \ by jessica lopez 


it has been proven on a global scale that early childhood education that is provided in a singapore child care center is a medium that keeps kids involved, hones their talent and improves their learning power. while intelligence  is foremost on the list with most parents, the simple fact of reading books plays quite an integral part of the life of the average child.
chiltern house singapore is one such child care center in singapore that has incorporated some reading time during the children daily activities due to its benefits. for more information, do visit their main website at http://www.chilternhouse.com.sg/
let us look at a few reasons why reading promotes considerable resilience:
baby steps
the first step towards learning to read is to understand the letters of the alphabet. the next step is learning and counting numbers from zero onwards. as children learn these basics, they are ready for the next step, which is word formation and sentence construction. naturally, while doing so, they have to ensure that the phonetics is right and progress accordingly.
reading to kids
as parents, teachers and child carers read stories to children; the craving to recapture the story becomes quite relevant for the child. you may find the little one browsing through the book and identifying with pictures. eventually, the chore of reading is no longer one, but something that the little one may enjoy. the nurturing activity that reading brings to the fore is unlike any other. no child knows how to read or even write, it takes learning that helps them get by because they do not know if they should read from the left to the right and vice versa.
speech skills
reading aloud helps the child improve her or his basic skills of recitation and reading. the sounds and the format of the words and the sentences may get kids quite excited resulting in squeals in wanting to know more and say more. sounding out words and their meanings is therefore quite imperative and even proves that kids are resilient. understanding that there is a difference in the story from the header and the body helps kids read well and aloud too.
relationships
the module to forming relationships and making friends is the art of conversation. if a child is incapable of reading, s/he may not be ready to explore other avenues. snuggling up with a book in the parent’s lap becomes quite a constant for the preschool child who wants a cuddle and desires to learn. this brings the parent and child closer together and helps her/him down the line. bonding with friends who share the same love for reading makes the journey an easier task. a good childcare center provides ample opportunities for children to make friends and use their simple methods of communication.
academia
a good score, in the early years of childhood help kids, deepen their learning in the formal education stream. research has proven repeatedly that children exposed to reading material invariably find it easier to comprehend the simple and more complex aspects of life and its challenges. a child, who read at an early age and developed a thirst for the written word, will be able to grasp mathematics, science and the various other constructs in the pedagogy.
communicative methods
when a person is thrown into the pool, s/he automatically tries to swim, when there is a problem the lifeguard attends to the issue and helps the person. using this as an analogy of sorts, putting material that is relevant to the child, helps build up her/his resilience. it helps the little one better her/his communication skills and expresses her/him better as they identify with characters in the story. due to this alacrity of sorts, the child also learns to master the language once s/he is able to grasp the fundamentals of the subject.
the reasons cited above definitely go to prove that kids find it logical to read as it helps them develop their minds to inculcate a love for reading, writing and speaking.


posted in: default



crucial components that make a pre-school a great one

september 29, 2017 12:31 pm \ by jessica lopez 


when you, as a parent, try to choose a pre-school for your children, you may take into account several factors that include the costs involved, the quality of teaching in the schools, the emphasis on values in the schools and the benefits you want your children to get. you want to ensure that you make the right choice.
you may also want to be sure about the quality of the care your children get. not only that, your children should be safe, there should be a clean environment in the school and if the  you have chosen has a system of providing food to children, the food should contain the nutrients that are essential for kids.
what are the crucial components that make a pre-school a great one?
if, during your research, you find that some of the preschools come with the following key features, you can construe that they are worthy of consideration.
1. interpersonal interactions
if the teachers of the preschools make available the most appropriate learning environment to your children, you can be certain about the quality of the schools. remember that if children experience the right learning environment, they may have faster brain development. not only that, teachers of the preschools should have been trained in such a manner that they are able to impart interpersonal skills in children. 
before  being enrolled in a preschool in singapore , your children may not have the opportunity to meet and interact with strangers. of course, they may have played with other kids. but after joining a preschool, your children will have to interact not only with other kids but with teachers and other employees of the school. they may have to convey their needs appropriately as well. unless the teachers of the school impart such skills in children, they may not learn all these. 
in fact, interpersonal skills that are learned in the early age will greatly help children when they grow up. employers of the present day world expect that their employees have excellent interpersonal skills and a collaborative mindset because they form teams for handling large projects. 
2. physical environment
the classroom settings, the playground and the other areas where kids can involve themselves in various types of activities as well as the surroundings of the preschools should be clean. they should be maintained well also. otherwise, children may be affected by harmful health issues.
3. appropriate support structure
young children need proper guidance and hence, the preschools should have the right type of support structure. there should be appropriate resources for maintaining and improving quality on a constant basis. the schools should have enough funds not only to pay well-trained teachers and other support staff but to carry out their operations without any hassles. 
if you find preschools with these crucial components, you can shortlist them because you can justifiably assume that they are great preschools. by doing further research, you will be able to zero in on the right one that suits the learning style of your children.


posted in: default



art activities for pre-nursery

july 19, 2017 12:17 pm \ by jessica lopez 

some people think that preschool is too early to be sending your child to school. however, sending your child to preschool in singapore is an important step in their development in competitive singapore. at preschool, your child learns about many things that contribute to his/her holistic development, such as visual art. being able to appreciate art is an important part of the development of your child, and the basics of colors and how colors mix together can be taught in playgroups.
at chiltern house singapore nursery school, the curriculum is geared towards helping your child be ready for primary school. subjects such as linguistics, mathematics and science is taught, and a team of experienced teachers are ready to guide your child. if you are serious about your child’s holistic development you should check out chiltern house immediately.
also, do check out this chiltern house review for an honest review of the school.

here are a few activities that would bring out the creative side of your child in pre-nursery.
1.freeze a few cubes of paint some of the basic colors. these cubes can be taken out i the sun on a sunny day and kept together. when the colors start to blend and mix it will teach the child a lot about the mixing of colors.
2.another smart activity is to get the child to try and copy a masterpiece. give the child a printout of a masterpiece and it will be fascinating to see what they interpret from it and put down on their own page.
3.a new version of tape art can be very simple, you can get the kids to tear up a few pieces of tape and add it to the paper to create a design. the child can then add finer details to the paper with their paint.
4.try and add in a few aspects of sensory art with the help of things such as sand, salt, sugar, flour, rice, etc.
5.this may not only help the child be more creative but can teach them patience. take a ball of string and give each child a piece of this string. the kids can then pull this string around the page to create art.
6.sponge art has been part of the child curriculum for many years however it is important to give the child a simple drawing such as the rainbow so that they learn the disciple of coloring between the lines.
7.ask the child to spruce up simple household items that they can find in the house or the classroom this helps them think outside of the box and create something new from a previously familiar object.
8.another great art activity to develop motor skills is using crayon shavings and melting them to form art.
9.you can also encourage the child to bring out their creative side by using different techniques of painting at once.
10.the most fun but also messiest type of art activity for a student in pre-nursery singapore is tie dye. a t-shirt, pillowcase, or a sheet can be made special.
in conclusion, art hobbies help to spark your child’s creativity and imagination, which are important in his/her development as a person. through the activities, the traits of teamwork, motor skills, and patience are inculcated.


posted in: default



why do we love our porch?

june 6, 2017 10:03 am \ by jessica lopez 

think of all the things you can do there. enjoy your first cup of coffee in the morning. porch – the bouldin house bed and breakfast, high point, north carolina, nc, provides lodgings and accommodations in the piedmont region, randolph county, nc, near greensboro, winston-salem, archdale; close to: high point university, pilot mountain state park, hanging rock state park, furniture makers, furniture factories, golf, hiking, biking, fishingwatch people go to work or return from work while you relax. great place for a midday nap or a couple of chapters of a new book. iced tea in the afternoon. see how fast the grass grows. meet new friends. watch the birds. see geese touch down in the pond across the street. or, just plain do nothing.
as evening approaches you can sample some of our home-baked goodies from the bouldin house kitchen and complimentary tea or coffee. relax in the gathering room with a magazine, magazine or conversation with new friends. use the guest phones to check your e-mail or stay in touch with your office, family, and friends in a comfortable, quiet area. then settle in for a comfortable night’s rest. enjoy the “better than home away from home” feeling at the bouldin house bed and breakfast.
in the evening you can dine at one of the several fine restaurants in the high point/greensboro area. fine dining is moments away or sample the local fare – north carolina “piedmont style” barbeque. we will assist you with reservations.


posted in: attractions


 
 






search for:



 



pages
about
contact
privacy
tos





categories
 attractions

default






archives
 june 2024
july 2021
june 2021
may 2020
april 2020
june 2018
may 2018
april 2018
november 2017
september 2017
july 2017
june 2017





calendar

february 2025


m
t
w
t
f
s
s




 12


3456789


10111213141516


17181920212223


2425262728
 



« jun
 
 
 



recent posts
 early intervention programmes: what can parents do to help their children?
the impact of early intervention: 4 success stories from singapore
how chinese enrichment classes can help your child love mandarin
benefits of attending chinese enrichment classes in singapore
amazing benefits of english enrichment classes





tag cloud




about prana
prana is a beautiful theme with simple and clean design. theme can easily be used as a personal portfolio, simple blog or a complete business website. there is an impressive typography by google web fonts without the need for load-heavy graphics. some exciting features of prana are custom menu, custom background, custom flexible header, featured images, widgetized sidebar, threaded comments, improved seo performance and theme options. make it yours with a custom menu and  a custom flexible header for anything you like to suit your own niche.




meta

log in
entries rss
comments rss
wordpress.org



 
 
 



  copyright 2017 - the bouldin house

prana theme ⋅ powered by wordpress



 



