











home - royal dental group




















































































































 
















0shopping cartchairs

general practice
specialty
stools


cabinetry

platinum collection
c-series
specialty cabinetry


delivery

delivery configurations
mounting options


lights/monitors

lights
monitors
mounting


specialty

chairs
cabinets
lights


sales team
literature & colors





menu


menu

 






homeyou are here: homebetterdentistry | bydesign






get started building your practice below

the royal dental group offers a complete line of dental equipment for general practice and specialty dentists.


chairs
cabinetry
delivery
lighting
specialty





the royal dental group has designed and manufactured high-quality operatory equipment for the dental profession for over forty-five years.
.
the royal dental group focuses solely on the dental profession, allowing each company to concentrate on advancing the legacy of their core products.
.
together, we are passionate about creating stylish, intuitively functional and ergonomic dental equipment as the value leader.




royal chairsergonomics | comfort


royal offers the largest selection of dental patient chairs and stools in the dental industry.  our products maximize doctor/patient comfort and optimize positioning of the oral cavity to promote healthy ergonomic posture of the dental team.


all seating options

biotec custom cabinetrycustomization | durability


biotec cabinets incorporate innovative designs and extensive options to optimize the comfort, organization and efficiency of your dental team.  biotec’s product lines, modules and unmatched color palate allow you to create a modern, successful and pleasant environment for your patients.


all cabinetry options

delivery systemspinch valve | diaphram


proma and biotec have a long history of innovating and manufacturing dental delivery systems.  proma was the first to introduce clean patient water systems and pinch technology for controlling the flow of air and water to the handpiece.
biotec’s traditional pneumatic control block sets the de facto standard for reliability and durability.  both technologies provide a dependable delivery system to maximize productivity and efficiency in the dental treatment room.


all delivery options

proma lights & monitorsperformance | value


proma provides the latest innovative technology in patient treatment lighting. proma’s complete line of led reflective lights, quartz zenon halogen lights and hd monitors provide the very latest in treatment room lighting.  incorporating hd monitors enhances patient education and treatment acceptance.  


all lighting options

rdg dental specialtiesortho | pedo | oral surgery


royal dental offers equipment for all fields of dental specialization.  royal chair and biotec cabinet designs are optimized to support the unique procedures and patients associated with the pediatric, orthodontic, oral surgery, endodontic and periodontal professions.  tailor biotec’s innovative cabinet designs to optimize and distinguish your specialty practice.


all specialty options
   
find the sales rep nearest to you!

royal dental sells exclusively through dental dealers. locate your royal dental sales professional for advice and support in selecting equipment that provides ergonomics, efficiency, beauty and value.

click on your state on the map below to find your regions sales rep.


request information  


616-772-2133

425-743-0988

310-327-0035






scroll to top







request information


first name*last name*email*

phone*company*titleaddress*



street address


city

statealabamaalaskaamerican samoaarizonaarkansascaliforniacoloradoconnecticutdelawaredistrict of columbiafloridageorgiaguamhawaiiidahoillinoisindianaiowakansaskentuckylouisianamainemarylandmassachusettsmichiganminnesotamississippimissourimontananebraskanevadanew hampshirenew jerseynew mexiconew yorknorth carolinanorth dakotanorthern mariana islandsohiooklahomaoregonpennsylvaniapuerto ricorhode islandsouth carolinasouth dakotatennesseetexasutahu.s. virgin islandsvermontvirginiawashingtonwest virginiawisconsinwyomingarmed forces americasarmed forces europearmed forces pacific
state


zip code


product interest

chairs


cabinets


proma delivery


biotec delivery


lights


specialty
information desiredinformation desiredquestionmail brochurecontact sales reprequest
 











δ




			x			








































































