





boating writers international



































skip to content


 

 


boating writers international






search for:







home
newsletter
join/pay dues
contact
member login


 


 
























































































bwi annual contest

bwi’s annual writing contest is judged by peers and rewards excellence in journalism in 15 categories from fishing to travel, photography to videos, and more. the contest draws hundreds of entries and awards $15,000 annually in cash prizes.
read more










find a writer

bwi maintains a directory of writers and editors as well as a private group on linkedin for members to share issues and concerns about the marine journalist community and the world of boating. find a writer for news articles, sponsored content, and more.
read more










networking

bwi members benefit from associating with freelancers, editors, pr firms, marine manufacturers, and industry leaders. we welcome newcomers as we strive to make our numbers grow and sustain a healthy recreational marine industry. 
read more







home


welcome to boating
writers international
bwi is a professional organization consisting of writers,
editors, publishers, photographers, videographers, broadcasters, public
relations specialists and other stakeholders associated with the boating
industry. 
memberships are offered in two categories:
active marine journalists across the united states, canada, and europesupporting members, including marine manufacturers and service companies
 bwi
is best known for
the bwi annual contest, held in december, which features 15 writing and electronic media submission categories resulting in $15,000 in awards.miami boat show contest breakfast and ft. lauderdale boat show technology breakfast – both free to all members. communications efforts, including monthly newsletters, a resource-rich website, annually updated member directory and engaging social media focused on member issues and news.partnerships with leading marine manufacturer associations to recognize innovations in the marine industry where bwi members serve as judges.





bwi news: 
association news


bwi detailsboard of directors
membership benefits
supporting member partners
bwi committees
mission statement
awards judging
networking
job board
code of ethics




















 



				copyright ©  2025 boating writers international. all rights reserved.  






















