










hoff-barthelson music school | excellence in music education - taught by distinguished, award-winning faculty | scarsdale, ny



































































 


















home
get help choosing a program
school brochure
subscribe
email us
call us (914) 723-1169
my account
search search for:search button 




				developing potential, enriching lives and creating community since 1944			


early childhood
k-12

overview
comprehensive program
suzuki program
ensembles and musicianship classes
youth orchestras
chamber music
summertime at hbms
summer arts program
vocal performance institute
summer lessons


adult

overview
comprehensive program
summer lessons
classes and ensembles


register

how to register
tuition
financial aid


calendar

calendar of events
academic year calendar


faculty
community

concerts for the community
education and wellness programs


support us

donate to hbms
hb fund for innovation
spring benefit
wilma machover fund
volunteer opportunities















learn more 
							 


learn more 
							 


learn more 
							 







 









music for babies& toddlers




the suzukiprogram





lessons & classesfor children and teens




lessons & classesfor adults

 




 our distinguished, award-winning faculty serves more than 1,000 students per year

 hoff barthelson music school offers westchester county and the new york tri-state area individualized music lessons and performance training for children, teens and adults.


https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2a4bjpq77rk 
see more videos on the hoff-barthelson music school youtube channel.


 




view all

stories of impact: the power of music education 



rohun rajpal						
eastchester resident rohun rajpal, hbms class of 2018. rohun attended hackley school in tarrytown, ny for middle and high school and is currently a senior at brown university where he is studying applied mathematics. he joined hbms in 2006, was an honors program student, and was selected as a violinist for the 2018 national youth orchestra of the usa. tell a bit about your early experiences and interest in music. when did you start at…
read more










view all

testimonials"hoff-barthelson has teachers who are superb musicians and really devoted to kids, from the little ones who are tentatively playing for the first time to accomplished seniors. the school is devoted not just to education but also to performance and playing in groups, whether in one of three orchestras, an unlimited number of classical ensembles, and jazz and rock bands.

students at hb are benefited in many ways . . . social connections, passion for music, and even college admissions. our own kids have loved the school and benefited greatly." 





view all

upcoming events













hb artist series


march 2 @ 3:00 pm - 5:00 pm 

hoff-barthelson music school
the hb artist series features the exceptional talents of hoff-barthelson’s distinguished faculty. held in scarsdale, these concerts offer riveting music-making in an intimate setting at affordable prices, showcasing hoff-barthelson’s commitment to excellence in music education and performance in westchester county. purchase tickets here. general admission is $20; hbms students are admitted free of charge. program read more
















cello master class with paul watkins


march 8 @ 1:00 pm - 3:15 pm 

hoff-barthelson music school
master classes are open to the public to observe free of charge. master class coaching by guest artists has been part of hoff-barthelson’s curriculum since the school’s founding in 1944. this distinguished tradition continues this season with a roster of world-class musicians and educators including david madsen, guitar; composers nils vigeland and matt browne; almita read more



 






call us914-723-1169
our staff can guide you to the  perfect program for you or for your child.





get the details
view the  course catalog.





enrollnow
enrollment isopen all year.







subscribe for events & updates
join our mailing list to receive news about concerts, master classes, festivals, opportunities and 
special events that take place at hoff-barthelson throughout the year.





 25 school lane
scarsdale, ny 10583
914-723-1169     email us

facebookinstagramtiktokyoutube


about hbmshistory & mission
diversity, equity & inclusion policy
faculty
executive director & deans
board of trustees & advisory board
administration
master classes
youth orchestras
stories of impact
testimonials
employment opportunities
open houses
resourcesuseful info
student handbook
financial aid
online instruction
faq
terms of use
privacy policy
news & updatesnews & press
subscribe
contact us

employee login























 

early childhoodk-12▼overviewcomprehensive programsuzuki programensembles and musicianship classesyouth orchestraschamber musicsummertime at hbmssummer arts programvocal performance institutesummer lessonsadult▼overviewcomprehensive programsummer lessonsclasses and ensemblesregister▼how to registertuitionfinancial aidcalendar▼calendar of eventsacademic year calendarfacultycommunity▼concerts for the communityeducation and wellness programssupport us▼donate to hbmshb fund for innovationspring benefitwilma machover fundvolunteer opportunities 


 











































