




































    
    the herndon company real estate - property managementthe herndon company property management
  
  













              



       home



  vacancies



  apply


   paper application



  parent guarantee





  tenants


   tenants overview



  tenant portal





  owners


   owner statements



  management services





  about us



  contact us



  after hours emergencies






     
 
pay rent








    
 





       




    pay rent online
 did you know that you can now pay your rent online? it’s fast, easy, and secure, so why wait?   

learn more


  available properties
 view our available rental properties and submit an application quickly and easily.   

learn more


  management services
 we manage your properties efficiently and effectively, providing exceptional service.   

learn more




   

  find a property in lowndes county with professional help from the herndon company property management.
 
with almost 70 years of experience in the rental industry, our professional team can help you find the rental space that is most appropriate for your goals and needs in valdosta, hahira, lake park, lakeland, nashville, ray city, quitman and surrounding cities.whether you are searching for a townhome that is close to the local amenities in town or your goal is to provide enough space for a growing family by renting a house in the country , we can provide the assistance that you expect. our team of professionals understands the rental market and take measures to ensure that each rental property is exactly what residents are expecting.although we provide services to help residents find a condo, townhome or house that is suitable for renting, the professional management services at the herndon company property management can put your mind at ease if you are planning to rent out a property that you own. our team of professionals will discuss your goals and help you find the right tenants based on their policies and the standards that you would expect.feel confident that you are able to find the perfect rental space or tenant for your current situation. allow our team of management professionals to help you reach your personal goals so that you can focus on settling into the area or moving onto your next real estate project.


  
  new title
 
new paragraph


  


     


herndon manages all of our rental properties in valdosta and we have been impressed with their services and professionalism. they are extremely communicative and quick to respond to tenant requests, schedule vendors, etc. the monthly statement program they use is clear and concise, with detailed line items. additionally, they are able to advise on market trends and fully vet tenants prior to signing leases. they make the entire process easy and seamless - everything a property management company should be. 
christen mccamie
   


i decided to rent my home out for the first time and worked with marrisa throughout the process. she would always answer my phone calls or call me back as soon as she could. i had a lot of questions about the process. the herndon company helped me get my rental property ready. within the first week of being available, they had a lease signed. i trust they are here to help take care of the tenants and property. 
justin hamness
   


when we received notification that our current landlord was going to sell the house we were renting and had a limited time to find a new place and move out, my family was pretty stressed about all the logistics of such a daunting task. however, the herndon rentals team made the process as painless as possible. they kept us notified of houses coming available soon to help us find the right one, but most importantly they worked with the home owners to allow a flexible move in date so we didn’t get stuck paying two rents for more than a couple days while we are in the process of moving. they were quite diligent about keeping us informed of repair and cleaning timelines. 
carl price


         



pay rent online
     



















maintenance
      


  


  


  




















contact us









       the herndon company property management & rentals
      



 108 w mary st, valdosta, ga 31601, united states


     



 (229) 245-6380


      






 (229) 245-6375


     



 forrent@herndoncompany.com



 


    online portal
 log in
|
sign up


 owner portal
 log in
|
sign up







   sitemap © 2023 all rights reserved. the herndon company property management
 


















































































































  
  share by:





   




