











nags head nc photo tours and travel information















favorites





















 









toggle navigation


















rental homes


hotels


restaurants


shopping


activities


real estate



coupons


events













nags head vacation rental homes





outer banks fishing charters & fishing guide





2025 takeout and delivery guide
















vacation rentals
visitors are often surprised at the number and variety of weekly vacation rentals throughout the area.. vacation rentals are, in fact, an increasingly popular accommodation available to vacationers, and visitors will find that the sheer number of rentals available allows them to find an ideal retreat to fit their crew, from quiet condo complexes to brightly colored oceanfront sand castles.

 




hotels
for postcard-perfect long weekends, or full week stays that have exceptional access to indoor and outdoor pools, restaurants, and amenities, there's nothing quite like the convenience of a stay at a local hotel or motel. a number of area hotels have been welcoming guests for decades, and as a result, vacationers have come back year after year for the fantastic service and the million-dollar views.










featured local businesses


we love to highlight some of the best and most interesting outer banks restaurants, shops, attractions and activities. read on to discover some of our favorites!








outer banks real estate


after a few days of sunny beach afternoons, fantastic local attractions, and all the amenities that attract people to the outer banks, many visitors find themselves daydreaming about a more permanent vacation. whether your ultimate goal is to own an investment property, a retirement or vacation home, or simply a year-round home on the beach, the outer banks is filled with incredible opportunities and a variety of properties for sale.










cape hatteras national seashore


visitors to hatteras and ocracoke islands will simultaneously be visiting the gorgeous cape hatteras national seashore. one of the largest preserved parcels of the outer banks, the national seashore stretches across 70 miles of shoreline, encompassing seven villages on hatteras island, and providing visitors with miles of undisturbed, scenic beaches as well as some of the prettiest natural drives on the east coast.

nags head
252-473-2111
map it









the 9 best fishing & beach carts for 2025


for families travelling to the beach, or fishermen carrying tackle/coolers, a beach cart can be the best purchase of your vacation. these carts feature extra-wide wheels to move across soft sand, even when loaded. carts are often built for specific scenarios, so think about the gear you’d be putting on your cart before making a decision.










the 7 best beach chairs 2025


you’ve made the drive, gathered the family, packed the cooler with lunches and drinks, and you’re heading out onto the sand on a bright summer day. you unfold your beach chair and snap, it breaks, or bends, or the rotting fabric rips. it happens to the best of us. we’ve checked dozens of chair reviews and features. here are our picks for best beach chair.








bodie island lighthouse


the bodie island lighthouse, (pronounced "body") is located just south of the town of nags head and whalebone junction, where highway 158, highway 64, and nc highway 12 intersect. visitors travelling towards hatteras island can't help but notice the black and white horizontal striped structure, peaking out over a line of dense cedar trees on the soundside.

nags head
252-441-5711
map it











rainy day activities


the occasional rainy day doesn't have to stall a vacation, as nags head has number of shops, restaurants and sites, and is within an easy drive of some of the most acclaimed attractions on the outer banks.








activities for kids


the outer banks has a national reputation as being the premier family friendly vacation destination, so it should come as no surprise that nags head, arguably the first tourist town on the obx, has a wealth of activities designed just for kids.










best surf fishing gear for 2025


once you have your coastal recreational fishing license in hand, it’s time to start thinking about gear. anglers will find tons of options when it comes to equipment for casting into the surf, from custom designed rods and reels at local tackle shops, to name brand varieties that are designed for multiple areas along the coastline. here are just a few of the most popular gear options for surf fishermen. keep in mind that there are endless options available, and your local bait and tackle store staff will be happy to point you in the right direction if you have any questions about what you’ll need for successful surf fishing in any given area along the north carolina coastline.








the 10 best beach canopies & umbrellas for 2025


beach canopies and umbrellas create shade, lower ambient temperatures and block uv rays on hot, sunny summer days. sitting under the canopy of a quality beach umbrella can make the difference between comfort and sweltering. when choosing an umbrella, we look for durability, wind ratings, weight and size.










sailing the outer banks


vacationers will notice a handful of sailboats at every local outer banks port, either saddled up to the docks or breezing across the harbor, en route to the nearest sound for a cruise, or to the continent-spanning intracoastal waterway to continue a long coastal voyage. some vacationers are even in it for the long haul, docking for a summer or a winter season at a number of local marinas that offer all the comforts of home. clearly, sailing lovers of all varieties have plenty of options, but even newcomers to the sport can experiment with life on the water with a local sailing lesson, rental, or waterfront cruise.








the 11 best beach toys for summer 2025


here is a list of some of our favorite beach toys for kiddos. we gravitate to unique, high-quality toys that inspire creativity. some of these toys are classics, and some add a twist.













coquina beach


located just south of nags head, coquina beach is a refreshingly undeveloped stretch of shoreline that's close to the central outer banks towns of kill devil hills, nags head, and kitty hawk, but feels like it's miles away.

nags head
252-473-2111
map it









outer banks birding


for bird lovers, the outer banks is hard to beat. this delicate chain of barrier islands is not only home to dozens of different native shorebirds, but also thousands of migrating birds who make a rest stop on the outer banks every year. add to this the fact that the islands have hundreds of miles of deserted beaches, maritime forest, and marshlands for species to quietly flourish, and it's clear that the outer banks is literally for the birds.








educational activities


on the outer banks, it's easy to throw in a little education in with a vacation filled with fun, adventures, and new explorations.








outer banks fishing charters & fishing guide


long before the summer vacationing families discovered the outer banks as a hot tourist destination, fishermen from across the country flocked to coastal north carolina. with no roads to navigate, and no vacation homes to stay in, anglers would brave the makeshift sandy paths that ran along thebeaches, and would set up makeshift campsites whenever there was protection from the wind and waves. they went through great efforts to visit the outer banks for one reason: exceptional fishing.








things to do in nags head


check out our list of things to do in the town of nags head








kiteboarding


spring and fall visitors will notice the popularity of kiteboarding on the outer banks the moment they ride down a stretch of soundfront highway. in the off-season months, it's not unusual to spot dozens if not hundreds of multi-colored kites lining the skies over the outer banks' miles of sound waters.








best sunsets on the outer banks


the outer banks is known for its breathtaking sunsets. watching sunsets is a popular activity for both locals and visitors, and there are plenty of photogenic sunset spots to create special memories. here are the top places to watch a sunset on the outer banks.











select a city 



vacation planning guide


outer banks vacation rentals


outer banks jobs


outer banks hotels


carova


corolla


duck


southern shores


kitty hawk


kill devil hills


nags head


manteo


hatteras









about us


contact us


advertise with us


link to us


privacy policy


© icwnet inc. 2025













