






premade meal boxes – luxury meals delivered to your door













































premade meal boxes









home
about
healthy food


















foods that you should eat everyday for longer living

with advancement of science and various researches conducted in health related topics almost everyone is aware of the benefits of healthy cooking. research shows that only eating healthy food would ensure that one lives a longer life. healthy cooking is becoming more popular these days and it’s possible to learn more about it from different sources. if you stick to healthy diet and avoid processed and cooked food, you can live to be over 100 and still be healthy.
eat about 3 small amounts of fish, daily researchers in usa have been following 96,000 americans and they found that those who ate food that comes from plants and include a small piece of fish up to once a day lived the longest life. the best choices of fish are sardines, cod and anchovies which are not highly exposed to high level of mercury or extra chemicals.
eat three eggs per week
people normally eat just one egg at a time. for longer ling try filling out your breakfast with one egg with fruit or any other plant-based foods such as a bread or porridge. egg helps to control blood sugar. a study shows that older men and middle aged men who ate about 3 eggs a week had lower blood sugar and 31% lower risk of diabetes than those who take one egg a week.
eat chocolate
the actual pure form of chocolate that is derived from the theobroma cacao tree is a superb diet that can keep you healthy even in its enjoyable taste. the actual chocolate is filled with plant-based flavanols, healthy boosting ingredients, antioxidants and anti-inlammatory constituents that can do a lot of things for your minds and body including the increase of your life span.
avoid dairy milk
your digestive system is not optimized for cow’s milk because it contains high amount of sugar. people usually take milk with an aim of acquiring calcium. but instead, you should take kale as it give as much as a cup of milk can provide.
reduce sugar consumption
to live a healthy and long life, you should avoid adding more than 4 tablespoons of sugar a day to your food and drinks. start having candy, cookies and bakery items only a few times a week. its also important to avoid sweet processed food especially if this food has sugar listed among the first five ingredients.

add a half cup of cooked beans in your every day diet
beans are made up of 21% protein 77% carbohydrates and only a little fat. they also act as a perfect source of fiber and filled with plenty of nutrients per gram than any other food on earth. at least a half cup of beans per day of beans in your diet provides most needed vitamins and minerals that body need.
the main reason why there is much difference in our lifespan is that we are not eating our natural diet. it’s important to treat yourself by eating nutritional diets for longer living rather than depending much on doctors.









super healthy drinks that you can add to your diet

in order to stay healthy, you have to consume plenty of nutritional food. however, you are not generally advised on what to drink which is also equally essential for your health. when you have the right drinks you can maintain your optimal weight, improve your health and even keep your body fit. therefore it’s important to add healthy drinks in your diet.
thankfully, there are a lot of healthy drinks for you to choose that can do a lot of favors to your health. this article will focus on five supper healthy drinks to add to your diet.
top five healthy drinks
1. green vegetable drinks
fresh squeezed vegetable juices are superb choices to add in your diet. they contain a lot of vitamins, antioxidants and minerals. for additional benefit, they do not contain sugar thus reducing calories in your diet. moreover, since you will be using organic and fresh vegetables in your preparation, you will be certain that your diet will not contain harmful chemical compounds or any preservatives.
2. green tea
the green tea has a lot of benefit in your health. it improves metabolism which helps in weight loss. it also makes digestion to be much easier by providing proper functioning of the gastrointestinal tract. moreover, it prevents constipation and swelling as well as lowering of the cholesterol levels. if added in your morning diet it acts as an energy booster. by drinking green tea you will also have healthier teeth and gums.
3. lemon water
lemon juice is a well known solution for helping in your skin condition and improving your hair. it also have high amount of vitamin c. with a single lemon, you can meet 51% of your daily vitamin c needs.
4. orange juice
the juice is an excellent source of vitamin c and a strong antioxidant that may help in preventing you from various diseases such cataracts and lung cancer. vitamin c may stop oxidative damages that makes cells to become cancerous and also helps in improving functioning of immune-cell helping your body to fight against infections. it is also a superior source of folate, which protects against neural-tube imperfections in fetuses.

5. cranberry juices
cranberry juices help to prevent gum disease. the antibacterial properties that are contained in cranberry juice that fight infections in urinary areas may also prevent infections that affect the gums and the bones that supports the teeth. this juice contains some components called nondialysable material (ndm) which helps to restrain bacteria from sticking to your gums. to avoid high sugar content, it’s important to take less than one glass daily.
there are many drinks out there, some have powerful medicinal properties and health benefits and some have negative effects on your health. however, to determine which drinks are healthiest, you must consider the necessary factors that influence whether the drink you take benefit your health or has harmful impact on your health. in order to fill up the information gaps, it’s important to read books and look out for sites that offer you the best ideas.









foods for better sex

it is known which many foods have specific advantages, such as increasing energy. it also helps in improving memory or even assisting to lose weight. but, do you know that foods for better sex can also assist in adding a little flavor to your sex life by increasing libido?. why not try them and bring a little warmth to your love tonight?
avocados
avocados are a great source of healthy fats for the heart. they are also full of vitamin e. and this vitamin assists the body’s production of sex hormones. some of them are estrogen, progesterone, and testosterone. all these can assist upsurging sexual arousal.
bananas
the high content of potassium relaxes the walls of blood vessels and upsurges blood flow. they also counteract the undesirable effects on the libido of a diet high in sodium. remember not to put bananas in your juicer or clog it – mix and add to your juice mix.
chocolates
any woman can tell you which chocolate makes you feel good. the secret is in chemical phenylethylamine. it is a stimulant found in cocoa. it creates a feeling of happiness and emotion which can assist in upsurging the pleasures of sex.

cherries
they are rich in flavonoids which cleanse the free radicals of the arteries. in turn, they relax them and improve blood flow. that is the key to male sexual performance.

red wine
libido of women who drink two glasses of red wine is higher than those women who prefer spirits. it is also higher than those who did not drink alcohol. this was determined from a survey of 800 women between 18 and 50 years old. not only does a little red wine assist decrease inhibitions, it also assists upsurge sexual desire.
garlic
it acts as a cardiac tonic and assists blood circulation around the body and genitals. also, use ginger and chili peppers which are excellent for the immune system and better blood circulation.
oysters
oysters are full of zinc, which is known to assist the body produce testosterone. and testosterone, of course, is a hormone which upsurges sexual desire.
eggs
eggs contain a large amount of vitamins b5 and b6. the vitamins assist in balancing hormone levels. they also fight stress and anxiety thus an excellent energy food.
sweet potatoes
there are many good things about sweet potatoes. besides being a healthier option for you compared to regular white potatoes, they are also good for your sex life. the beta-carotene in the sweet potato is converted into vitamin a. vitamin a is necessary for the production of sex hormones. it also assists maintain the health of the vagina and uterus.
berries
these are full of anthocyanins chemicals that protect your arterial walls. that assist in preventing fatty plaques which cause atherosclerosis. any fruit with bright colors is good; peaches, nectarines, and plums are other good choices.
sunflower seeds
sunflower seeds, oat, and pumpkin seeds contain healthy oils which upsurge hormone levels and your libido.
figs
figs are rich in amino acids, which upsurge the energy levels which lead to an upsurge in libido. when cooking, be sure to use these herbs and spices.
watermelon
nothing is better than cold watermelon on a hot day. and even better, the sweet fruit is full of phyto-nutrient citrulline, known to upsurge the levels of nitric oxide in the body. which small advantage assists the blood vessels to relax, to upsurge blood circulation. the result is which sexual arousal is easier.
conclusion
if you eat foods for better sex, you will not only improve your sexual health in general but also your general well-being. so change your life and get the above foods to upsurge your libido.









what do i need to eat everyday to lose weight

the idea of how to lose weight has today become almost the desire of every person. different ways now exist to transform lifestyle and story across the world when it comes to losing weight. one sure way that will give you positive outcome and remain committed to giving all a new smile on the face on how to reduce weights is eating habit.
different specialist have set up a perfect way by combining both the use of perfect diet to help execute on the strategy and to ensure perfect a weight loss in a professional manner. with almost half the population of the world struggling towards the same direction and that is to lose weight, better ways on diet are arising day by day.
the cost of attending a commercial gym in the neighborhood has increased making it very expensive to achieve the best. to counter the growing expenses on people planning to adjust weight, some of the best ways are currently present with some of the on best health recommendations and weight loss blog just to give you some tips. the way to achieve a perfect process other than the home gym that has proved to be cheap and still gives you a perfect result diet has proved to be doing wonders.
many other ways of losing weight have been experience but the target results have not proved to be perfect as compared to checking what you eat. adopting such an idea will mean that every food that your eat meet certain requirements to enable establish such a goal. though many ways are being improvised the assured way that the best will be used to go is the use of these recommendations. though its one, it can be used for many different exercise making it a one stop item that will solve all your needs.
many have seen the diet and tested them and have reported the amazing experienced that have left many wondering. you can obtain an already planned diet sheet from the specialist and follow it to achieve the best. the focus on the food to be taken must mainly be with the intention to reduce the calories that will handle the desired cases. the food may be taken in a repeated habit to make them fictional and may be a commitment for more than a day. the eating habit adopted will be composed of 1 slice of grain bread, avocado medium size piece, and a large egg. this will work closely with blue berries for and yoghurt for morning snack and vegetable soup for lunch.
this will enable existing with a great mission and purpose, hence helping to transform lives and the livelihood of the people across the world. when the process is done continuously, it can help to solve all your trouble. the steps offered are excellent inclusive ideas that make all clients achieve that best weights using simple means and within a short period of time. all the client direct control, freedom and choice on how to perform their workouts making the whole program very flexible.









healthy food choices to live longer and better

“to eat is a necessity, but to eat intelligently is an art.” an art to satisfy taste buds as well as human machinery. an art to make brain happy as well as stomach to fulfill. an art to meet the particular necessities of the human body as well as to the arousing guilty demands. indeed, an art itself, but not so difficult to conquer. just remind oneself of the tons of benefits and the health is all yours. let food be your necessity, not the luxury and the luxurious life will be all yours to live.
why opt for proper diet?
the proper diet includes all the nutritious elements that fulfill all the needs of particular organs. as malnutrition is the major cause and root problem of the deficiencies that led the human body towards aging, bones weaknesses, muscle spasm, eyesight weakness, heart diseases, organs failure as well as diabetes, liver problem, anemia and couple of other associated illnesses. moreover, the nutritious deficiency not only causes illnesses but also alleviate the existing problems and increase their growth rate by causing weakness.

how to have perfect diet?
how to have the perfect-proper diet? not so hard to make but hardest to abide by. the perfect diet for one might be the food chart that correlates perfectly with one’s personality and quenches the thirst of prevailing deficiencies. the other most important point to consider while opting for diet is that each and every human body problem is not related with some deficiency but could also be caused by the efficiency of certain mineral and vitamins in the body such as diarrhea, nausea, stomach ache and on extreme level calcium increase led the body to made kidney stones. however, first and foremost, it is a necessity to figure out the deficiencies and efficiencies. and then in light of a detailed overview of one’s routine and eating habits devise a diet chart.
food is the key to live longer
as mentioned above, with and without food serious health problems can occur and shortens the lifespan. on the other hand, by taking the good care of the human body, one might easily live not just long enough but healthy to tackle all the seasonal, occasional and incidental appearing problems.

following are the healthy food choices a normal person can take in order to tackle the existing and incoming health issues:

green leafy vegetables for securing the needed amount of iron and certain minerals.
fruits enriched with vitamin d, c, e, b, a as well as potassium, sodium, and iron.
dairy products included things are milk, butter, cheese, yogurt, sour cream, dip cream, frozen dessert, cottage cheese and many more are enriched with lactose, casein, doxycycline, antibiotics, calcium and vitamin d in general.
whole grains variety, having thiamin riboflavin, niacin and folate in large quantity.
skinless poultry,
nuts and beans,
dried fruits enriched with iron, potassium, fiber, natural sugar and healthy oil.
fish and meat beneficial for health as enriched with omega-3, fatty acids, proteins, vitamin d and a.

these food are essential to have in diet but in checked quantity. the selection of food and amount should be the one that suits one’s body type well. as it not only will help in maintaining good health but will also act as an anti-aging actor address the subject that been causing aging symptoms and decrease their growth rate.













search



 

sharefacebookgoogletwitterlinkedinrecent posts





 



                  foods that you should eat everyday for longer living                




                with advancement of science and various researches conducted in health related topics almost everyone is aware of the benefits of healthy cooking. research shows that only eating healthy food would ensure that one lives a longer life. healthy...                                  read more →









 



                  super healthy drinks that you can add to your diet                




                in order to stay healthy, you have to consume plenty of nutritional food. however, you are not generally advised on what to drink which is also equally essential for your health. when you have the right drinks you...                                  read more →









 



                  foods for better sex                




                it is known which many foods have specific advantages, such as increasing energy. it also helps in improving memory or even assisting to lose weight. but, do you know that foods for better sex can also assist in...                                  read more →









 



                  what do i need to eat everyday to lose weight                




                the idea of how to lose weight has today become almost the desire of every person. different ways now exist to transform lifestyle and story across the world when it comes to losing weight. one sure way that...                                  read more →









 



                  healthy food choices to live longer and better                




                “to eat is a necessity, but to eat intelligently is an art.” an art to satisfy taste buds as well as human machinery. an art to make brain happy as well as stomach to fulfill. an art to...                                  read more →






 

privacy policy
contact
 



















copyright © 2025 · all rights reserved · premade meal boxes
swell lite from organic themes · rss feed




















we use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. if you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.ok




