
























mathematics | radboud university





















    skip to main content
  




















radboud university


nlen

















search
 
 



clear all


















breadcrumb






home







institute for mathematics, astrophysics and particle physics






mathematics









  mathematics



            department
      
  



the mission of the mathematics department (part of the institute for mathematics, astrophysics and particle physics) is to carry out research at the highest scientific level. members of the department are passionate researchers, who are involved in ambitious projects. the department also offers bachelor's and master's programmes, as well as training for phd students and activities for secondary school students.go to:  news  •  events  •  research  •  education  •  find a staff member



highlights











 two phd positions in algebraic topology







30 january 2025


      
              news item
          

  the department of mathematics is currently advertising two phd positions in algebraic topology.















 deeper still into the foundations of physics







08 january 2025


      
              news item
          

  you may have calculated something, but that doesn't mean you understand it. this is the basic idea behind the radboud centre for natural philosophy. this will realize a dream of klaas landsman, professor of mathematical physics.















 radboud students in top ten of international competition







17 december 2024


      
              news item
          

  mathematics students daan de groot and yanniek nitescu participated in the simon marais mathematics competition 2024 and were placed in the top ten of all candidates.












news







two phd positions in algebraic topology



30 january 2025


      
              news item
          









deeper still into the foundations of physics



08 january 2025


      
              news item
          









radboud students in top ten of international competition



17 december 2024


      
              news item
          









enw-xl grant for magdalena kędziorek and steffen sagave



17 december 2024


      
              research news item
          






 discover more news







events




18
feb


geometry seminar: job kuit 



      
              tuesday 18 february 2025, 4 pm - 5 pm
          

      
              colloquium / seminar
          






20
feb


mathematics colloquium: jan maas



      
              thursday 20 february 2025, 4 pm - 5 pm
          

      
              colloquium / seminar
          






06
mar


joint online math. relativity colloquium: simon brendle



      
              thursday 6 march 2025, 3:30 pm - 4:30 pm
          

      
              colloquium / seminar
          






10
mar


geometry seminar: koen van den dungen 



      
              monday 10 march 2025, 4 pm - 5 pm
          

      
              colloquium / seminar
          






 view all events










research




applied mathematicsour research group in applied mathematics is characterised by its interdisciplinary approach. we have close links to other research institutes at radboud university, as well as the applied stochastics and mathematical physics groups within the mathematics department. our research focuses on both theoretical and numerical aspects of the problems we study.applied mathematicsmathematical physicsthe aim of this research is to cover mathematical physics from a broad point of view, including all the four traditional disciplines of mathematics: analysis, algebra, geometry, and stochastics. the research primarily involves structures that originated or matured in the context of quantum mathematical physics in the tradition of von neumann. the following research directions in mathematical physics are well represented in nijmegen: differential geometry and gauge theories, mathematical general relativity, noncommutative geometry, and integrable systems.mathematical physics




probability and statisticsprobability is the area of mathematics that deals with processes and objects where randomness plays a role. statistics aims to develop methods to extract important information from data using probabilistic models. this field has a broad range of applications, in natural sciences such as statistical mechanics, biology, neuroscience, chemistry, as well as in issues related to modern society such as economics, technology, social sciences and operations research. probability and statisticspure mathematicspure mathematics is a vast area of research that includes many subfields. one of the beauties of pure mathematics is that so many mathematical themes get interwoven; seemingly distinct topics are related and connected, often in surprising ways. directions that are represented in the group are: algebraic and arithmetic geometry, algebraic topology, differential geometry, logic and computer algebra, number theory, and representation theory and lie theory.pure mathematics








educationmathematics is essential to our world and can be found everywhere, in nature, in our economy, and in our minds. through structures, formulas, and patterns, it provides the basis for understanding our environment. our bachelor's programme lays the foundations for working in the many directions of mathematics and its applications. our master's programme offers the opportunity to explore unresolved mathematical mysteries alongside cutting-edge researchers in fields such as pure mathematics, applied mathematics, and mathematical physics. the master's synergy tracks mathematics of computer science, mathematics of data science, and gravity+ allow combining the study of mathematics with that of related disciplines.bachelor's mathematicsmaster's mathematics




phd a phd in mathematics is a gateway to a career in academia, research both in and out of the public sector, positions in industry, finance, and government agencies. in the department of mathematics, phd projects in all of its areas of research can be carried out. phd vacanciesdoing a phd at radboud university







contact information


location


 huygens building







          heyendaalseweg 135
                  6525aj nijmegen







maths@math.ru.nl





024-3652985



postal address

              postbus 9010
              6500gl nijmegen


contact person





    a.h.j. linssen (astrid)






    m. oliemeulen-löw (greta)








all employees from mathematics





 





footer menu [en]


information for


students


staff


alumni


press


schools




more about


programmes


research


working at


radboud university




contact


contact details


find staff member


how to get here








address
houtlaan 46525 xz nijmegencontact us









































footer secondary


©2024 - disclaimer


privacy & cookies
















