




technical consulting by paul d. sheriff
















paul d. sheriff consulting




consulting

consulting
programming
developer mentoring
business consulting



training

pluralsight
youtube
developer training
developer seminars



blogs/articles

blog
articles
recordings


downloads
utilities
contact


pluralsight
youtube











technical consulting by paul d. sheriff


        welcome to my website. i have been in the it industry since 1985. in that time i have successfully
        assisted hundreds of companies architect software applications to solve their
        toughest business problems. i have been a teacher and mentor through my numerous video courses, blogs,
        articles and speaking engagements at user groups and conferences around the world.
      

        i would welcome the chance to assist you in your projects, or helping you with your software challenges. email me at psheriff@pdsa.com.
      












consulting


i am available for software and business consulting. learn more by clicking the button below.


view consulting options






blog


over the years i have written a multitude of blog posts. check out all of my posts by clicking below.


view blog posts








pluralsight


i have 32 courses in the pluralsight library covering .net, javascript, angular and more.


view courses






youtube


i have multiple videos and complete courses on my youtube channel covering .net core, c#, and more topics on the way. check out my course offerings here.


view courses








training



              my "from zero to ..." courses are very popular. why not bring me to your site to train your developers?
            


view training classes






mentoring



              i offer one-on-one mentoring so your team can learn and grow quickly. visit my mentoring page for more information.
            


view mentoring options








articles


i have published over 400 articles in my career. i have a list of some of those on my articles page.


view articles









paul's updates






article - exploring .net maui: mvvm, di, and commanding
                      january 01, 2025




article - exploring .net maui: data entry controls and data binding
                      october 18, 2024




article - exploring .net maui: styles, navigation, and reusable ui
                      august 28, 2024




article - exploring .net maui: getting started
                      june 27, 2024













        email: psheriff@pdsa.com


paul's bio


privacy policy








