
			















clagnut by richard rutter













clagnut


theme



system default theme






dark theme






light theme





speaking ·
archive ·
 search


 






an enthusiasm by
richard rutter


hello. i’m richard, a designer, author and speaker living by the sea in brighton, uk. i’m co-founder of clearleft, a digital design consultancy.
i love all things to do with human-centred design, typography, music and cycling. i occasionally write about them here.





latest posts


beware the faux bold (and how to fix it) 
i don’t know if it’s just me, or if something’s happened in the last few months, but i keep seeing faux bolds everywhere. the fix is tiny and simple, although frankly the mistake is pretty basic – there’s no excuse for it being so prevalent. 

7th february 2025 



what i learned by creating a dark mode toggle 
the short answer is: quite a lot. the long answer covers some accessibility issues, some new css, some slightly older css, some high level colour theory, a bit about svgs, and some typography finessing; all of which i’ll cover in this post. 

18th january 2025 



highlighting code syntax in keynote 
how to quickly get code syntax highlighting in keynote without having to select each bit of code and changing the colour manually. 

7th january 2025 



on the road to recovery 
i was back in hospital today. i needed an echocardiogram to check my heart was ok and that my lungs were clear of blood clots. it was, and they are, so all good. this is the account – primarily for future me – of  how i ended up there. 

18th november 2024 



the problem with superscripts and subscripts 
a bug in chromium and safari makes support of proper superscript and subscript characters problematic. see exactly why, and what you might be able to do about it. 

25th september 2024 



all posts


me elsewhere

mastodon
bluesky
flickr
github
strava
linkedin

latest listening
mistress by nicolás jaar
swim by nicolás jaar
no one is looking at u by nicolás jaar
the three sides of audrey and why she's all alone now by nicolás jaar
why didn't you save me by nicolás jaar
don't break my love by nicolás jaar
everything is awful by the decemberists
let's walk in the night (feat. alabaster deplume) by sam morton


last.fm






© 2002–2025 richard rutter





published in brighton, uk · colophon







