mauicabins.com homepage




    slide-show • contact us • homepage  



wai'opae cabinamendment i

congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press; or the right of the people peaceably to assemble, and to petition the government for a redress of grievances.

amendment ii

a well regulated militia being necessary to the security of a free state, the right of the people to keep and bear arms shall not be infringed.

amendment iii

no soldier shall, in time of peace be quartered in any house, without the consent of the owner, nor in time of war, but in a manner to be prescribed by law.

amendment iv

the right of the people to be secure in their persons, houses, papers, and effects, against unreasonable searches and seizures, shall not be violated, and no warrants shall issue, but upon probable cause, supported by oath or affirmation, and particularly describing the place to be searched, and the persons or things to be seized.

amendment v

no person shall be held to answer for a capital, or otherwise infamous crime, unless on a presentment or indictment of a grand jury, except in cases arising in the land or naval forces, or in the militia, when in actual service in time of war or public danger; nor shall any person be subject for the same offence to be twice put in jeopardy of life or limb; nor shall be compelled in any criminal case to be a witness against himself, nor be deprived of life, liberty, or property, without due process of law; nor shall private property be taken for public use, without just compensation.

amendment vi

in all criminal prosecutions, the accused shall enjoy the right to a speedy and public trial, by an impartial jury of the state and district wherein the crime shall have been committed, which district shall have been previously ascertained by law, and to be informed of the nature and cause of the accusation; to be confronted with the witnesses against him; to have compulsory process for obtaining witnesses in his favor, and to have the assistance of counsel for his defense.

amendment vii

in suits at common law, where the value in controversy shall exceed twenty dollars, the right of trial by jury shall be preserved, and no fact tried by a jury, shall be otherwise reexamined in any court of the united states, than according to the rules of the common law.

amendment viii

excessive bail shall not be required, nor excessive fines imposed, nor cruel and unusual punishments inflicted.

amendment ix

the enumeration in the constitution, of certain rights, shall not be construed to deny or disparage others retained by the people.

amendment x

the powers not delegated to the united states by the constitution, nor prohibited by it to the states, are reserved to the states respectively, or to the people.















makai house 
the declaration of independence

in congress, july 4, 1776

the unanimous declaration of the thirteen united states of america,

when in the course of human events, it becomes necessary for one people to dissolve the political bands which have connected them with another, and to assume among the powers of the earth, the separate and equal station to which the laws of nature and of nature's god entitle them, a decent respect to the opinions of mankind requires that they should declare the causes which impel them to the separation.

we hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal, that they are endowed by their creator with certain unalienable rights, that among these are life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness. that to secure these rights, governments are instituted among men, deriving their just powers from the consent of the governed, that whenever any form of government becomes destructive of these ends, it is the right of the people to alter or to abolish it, and to institute new government, laying its foundation on such principles and organizing its powers in such form, as to them shall seem most likely to effect their safety and happiness. prudence, indeed, will dictate that governments long established should not be changed for light and transient causes; and accordingly all experience hath shewn, that mankind are more disposed to suffer, while evils are sufferable, than to right themselves by abolishing the forms to which they are accustomed. but when a long train of abuses and usurpations, pursuing invariably the same object evinces a design to reduce them under absolute despotism, it is their right, it is their duty, to throw off such government, and to provide new guards for their future security. such has been the patient sufferance of these colonies; and such is now the necessity which constrains them to alter their former systems of government. the history of the present king of great britain is a history of repeated injuries and usurpations, all having in direct object the establishment of an absolute tyranny over these states. to prove this, let facts be submitted to a candid world.
    







      "it is natural to man to indulge in the illusions of hope. we are apt to shut our eyes against a painful truth -- and listen to the song of that syren, till she transforms us into beasts."
 
 --patrick henry
    













      government's view of the economy could be summed up in a few short phrases: if it moves, tax it. if it keeps moving, regulate it. and if it stops moving, subsidize it. 
 
 - ronald reagan
    







  
the strongest reason for the 
 people to retain the right to keep and bear arms 
 is, as a last resort, to protect themselves 
 against tyranny in government. 
 
-thomas jefferson  
 
      
the tree of liberty must be 
 refreshed from time to time with the blood of 
 patriots and tyrants.
  
=thomas jefferson  



      kalua pig, lau lau, lomi salmon & poi, smoked meat, rice & shoyu....kalua pig, lau lau, lomi salmon & poi, smoked meat, rice & shoyu....kalua pig, lau lau, lomi salmon & poi, smoked meat, rice & shoyu....kalua pig, lau lau, lomi salmon & poi, smoked meat, rice & shoyu....kalua pig, lau lau, lomi salmon & poi, smoked meat, rice & shoyu....kalua pig, lau lau, lomi salmon & poi, smoked meat, rice & shoyu & rice....
    











      links to our friends & other sites of interest:
      
tropical gardens of maui
maui hunting safari
maui hikes



   slide-show • contact us • homepage 


yescal-data.js
    

   
