






we have it all for the bride and groom



























skip to content












home
about us
services
designers
faq
contact us























welcome to sales unlimited bridal salon
sales unlimited is a full-service bridal salon featuring the latest in bridal fashions, formal wear and accessories for your special day. whether you're planning the wedding of your dreams or attending a special event, our knowledgeable staff is dedicated to providing you with the personal and professional service that you deserve. if you have a specific gown or dress in mind call ahead to see if we have it in-shop or if we can order it for you.
if the latest styles and the perfect fit are what you are looking for, a trip into the city isn't necessary... join the many happy brides that have said "yes to the dress" at sales unlimited, right here in ocean county.






























































bridal
sales unlimited features gowns made from the most beautiful satins, silks, chiffons and lace, chosen from amazing designers who stand behind their product. even the moderately priced gowns are crafted with care and made from the finest fabrics and embellishments.
bridal gown designers










mothers & special occasion
if you are the mother of the bride/groom or if you need to look stunning for a special event, visit our salon for over 200 styles of dresses and gowns, from the fun and flirty to the elegant and sophisticated. we carry sizes 4 thru 28, all available for immediate purchase or custom order.
designer lines










bridesmaid
we are proud to offer hundreds of bridesmaid dresses from various designers in an array of fabrics, colors and styles from size 2 thru 28. whether you prefer everybody in the same dress of the same color or if you want to mix styles and colors, the choice is yours and the possibilities are endless.
bridesmaid 

































































flower girls
whether you want her dress to mimic your gown or to match your bridesmaids you will find the perfect dress for your flower girl. our dresses are custom order or available for sale from our in-store selection.










veils & hair pieces
veils come in many different lengths in every shade from pure white to antique ivory (plus more!) and with a variety of trims. our bridal consultants will help you find the perfect veil and head piece to compliment your gown. we can special order a custom veil for you or you can choose one from the extensive selection we have in the salon.










accesories
the possibilities are endless when adding the accents to your look. we carry necklaces, earrings, bracelets, shoes, garters, belts and purses for the bride, mothers and bridesmaids. we can also custom order matching jewelry for your bridal party.





















appointments are preferred to assure that you receive our very best service
and attention. appointments are 90 minutes long and you may bring up to 3 guests.
call for an appointment (732) 269-7575
directions to 340 atlantic city (rt.9) boulevard, bayville, nj 08721
 




























home
about us
services
designers
faq
contact us




	copyright © 2025  — velux wordpress theme by godaddy











