






mapaw siberian husky rescue & referral service – a division of husky house inc.





















































 

 


skip to content




 
a division of husky house inc.







home
husky traits
our dogs

our available dogs
2019 happy tails
2018 happy tails
2017 happy tails
2016 happy tails
2015 happy tails
2014 happy tails


adoption

adoption application
foster


how to help

volunteer
shop with mapaw


donate
mapaw community

contact us


menu 



search for:











 
slide 1adopt!come meet your new best friend.
our adoptables 



 







about mapaw


we have great news to share!



husky house is taking over our property in boyertown, pa (berks county)! rescuing and rehoming huskies has always been our mission and we are beyond grateful that husky house is stepping up to help even more dogs.




sadly, the house and barn are in bad shape and greatly in need of repair. the volunteers from nj have been trying to do as much as possible, but local volunteers are desperately needed, so the kennels can once again be used and huskies’ lives can continue to be saved. we especially need people who have knowledge about plumbing, electricity, and general carpentry. plans are also in the works to create a sanctuary for dogs who cannot be adopted and the barn will become a home for many community events.


please be on the lookout for upcoming posts with more information. if you love northern breeds and want to be involved, we would love to have you join us in our mission!please consider making a donation to help us in our cause.









mapaw siberian husky rescue is a non-profit 501(c)3 organization dedicated to the caring and placement of siberian husky and husky mix dogs, into loving permanent homes through adoption and referral services.



mapaw siberian husky rescue was founded in 2000. 
mapaw is entirely volunteer based, consisting of a network of people who generously provide foster care, medical care, in-kind services, and numerous hours doing all of the work necessary for finding permanent new homes for siberian huskies and husky mix dogs in rescue. since 2010, our base operation has been located in berks county, pa, where we have a 10 dog kennel that also houses mapaw dogs in wait of forever homes.
upon arrival, all mapaw dogs are given individual attention that allows us to learn about their personalities and needs. this knowledge helps us to place dogs in homes that are best suited for them, which results in rewarding and lasting relationships. due to siberian husky’s high prey drive, we do not place them in homes with cats or other smaller pets.
we would love to consider you for adoption or fostering if you’re within a 100 mile radius of our main office in boyertown, pa. we depend completely upon the assistance of volunteers in our pennsylvania region to provide transport and support for our adoptions before, during, and even after a dog comes to live with you. if you are outside of our adoption area, please visit siberianrescue.com  ~  petfinder.com  ~ adopt-a-pet.com  to locate a group near you. and remember to check with your local shelters, many siberians end up there!
 *** mapaw’s kennel hours are by appointment only.*** 

 
thank you channel 6abc for featuring mapaw on the “shelter me” segment this beautiful july morning! click here to watch:












 
a siteorigin theme





















