





boyd's crystal art glass



























skip to content










about us

our history
contact us


our products

chick colors
mouldlists
our trademark


video




 



search for:
































who are we?
for four generations, the boyd family practiced the art of pressed glass making and passing their family formulas for glass colors down from father to son.
*****
boyd glass enjoyed 36 years of successful glassmaking. i started out as a barber and sue worked in the produce department with the kroger company. during those years, we raised two children. parenting is a career, so owning boyd glass made this our third career. how blessed we have been. i was able to work alongside my father for ten years, work alongside my son for 32 years, and with my supportive wife for 59 years. we’ve welcomed visitors to our showroom, built lifelong relationships with our dealers and forged strong bonds with avid boyd glass collectors. sue and i look forward to spending more time enjoying our family, walking on beaches, and gardening in our yard. we’ll catch the late day’s sun rays as they filter onto our backyard deck. we will read books and talk with friends. we will learn how to maneuver around the latest technology. for a man who’s always used his hands for work, i can boast that i have an ipad and can keep abreast of the day’s events. we are in reasonably good health for our age, but we’re mindful of what we must do to remain healthy. our moulds have found a new home, without our signature diamond b mark; some tools have arrived in glass classrooms in universities and private studios. our glassware will find its way into new collectors’ hands. we’ve never sold “seconds” and we’re proud of the legacy we continued. glassmaking has been the most rewarding time of our lives. thank you for being a part of our adventure.
bernard f. boyd

boyd crystal art glass specialized in handcrafted glass figurines and pressed glass collectibles including…
vaseline glassglass animal figurinesglass angel figurinesfrosted glass figurinesglass miniatureshand-painted glass figures










  
scroll to top






