



half-life






































half-life logo









half-life

half-life 2

episode 1

episode 2

half-life: alyxalyx














change language


english


français (french)


deutsch (german)


日本語 (japanese)


한국어 (korean)


español - latinoamérica (spanish - latin america)


русский (russian)


简体中文 (simplified chinese)


español - españa (spanish - spain)


繁體中文 (traditional chinese)


português - brasil (portuguese - brazil)


български (bulgarian)


čeština (czech)


dansk (danish)


nederlands (dutch)


suomi (finnish)


ελληνικά (greek)


magyar (hungarian)


italiano (italian)


norsk (norwegian)


polski (polish)


português (portuguese - portugal)


română (romanian)


svenska (swedish)


ไทย (thai)


türkçe (turkish)


українська (ukrainian)


tiếng việt (vietnamese)


bahasa indonesia (indonesian)


cancel [esc]










half-life














a new, full-length entry in the half-life series, built from the ground up for vr




set between the events of half-life and half-life 2, alyx vance and her father eli mount an early resistance to the combine's brutal occupation of earth. as alyx, players must battle enemies, solve puzzles, and push their way to the heart of city 17, where the secrets of the combine are hidden.





the half-life 2 20th anniversary update
experience half-life 2 all over again, with a brand-new commentary mode, improved graphics and gameplay options, steam workshop support, and more. we're also bringing back the art book, and have a new documentary featuring the original development team.


 

two decades of raising the bar


the half-life saga is the story of gordon freeman, a physicist who finds himself at the center of resistance to an alien invasion that threatens the future of humanity. from valve's 1998 debut game onward, the series has been at the forefront of immersive action and storytelling. in march 2020, that legacy continues as half-life: alyx pushes vr to new dimensions.






half-life
a physics experiment gone wrong leads to unforeseen consequences. as dr. gordon freeman, battle alien intruders in the immersive and heart-pounding action-adventure story that set the stage for a generation of first-person shooters.





half-life 2
the suspense and challenge of half-life reaches unprecedented levels of realism and responsiveness. in the dystopic city 17, repel the extradimensional combine as you solve puzzles, defeat enemies, and explore a beautifully-realized world.





half-life 2: episode 1
following the events of half-life 2, gordon freeman faces a new threat that could destroy city 17. alongside companion alyx vance—powered by innovative new ai capabilities—intercept the combine's plans and take the fight right to their door.





half-life 2: episode 2
combine forces have opened a portal that threatens to wipe out earth's beleaguered resistance movement for good. gordon and alyx must cross new frontiers in a last-ditch effort to close the portal—and save what remains of humanity.





the half-life 25th anniversary update
half-life is back and better than ever. alongside interviews with the original developers, the game is now available with the uplink mini-campaign, steam deck support, updated graphics settings, new multiplayer maps, and some bonus restored goodies.















half-life

half-life 2

episode 1

episode 2

half-life: alyx













tech support

site terms of use

privacy policy

legal












