




















welcome to aiken regional medical center | aiken, sc













skip navigation



 





find a doctor
gme program
health records online
physician portal



search


803-641-5000803-641-5000



loading
















menu









back







close






services featured services: behavioral health services 
cancer care 
cardiovascular services 
emergency services 
gastroenterology 
laboratory services 
neurology 
occupational health & wellness 
orthopedic services 
pediatrics 
primary care continuity clinic 
rehabilitation 
southside imaging center 
stroke care 
surgical services 
women's services 
wound care 


patients & visitors billing and insurance: online bill pay 

patient services: find a doctor 
patient information 
health records online 
obtaining your medical records 
healthcare equity 
price guide 
no surprises act 
the daisy award 
tell us about your patient experience 
mobile app 

visitors: visitor information 
gift shop 
send note to patient 


events events: event calendar 

programs: better health forum 
childbirth and parenting classes 
first aid and cpr training 
mammogram reminder program 
screenings at aiken regional 
senior wellness program 
support groups 
volunteer services 


about about us administration and board of governors 
contact us 
news 
mission, vision, principles, values 

resources blog 


careers 




find a doctor
gme program
health records online
physician portal
 



search form

search 






































recognized for excellence providing safe, high-quality heart attack and heart failure care  
see our awards 


























	    	find a doctor	    












	    	pay your bill	    












	    	health records online	    












	    	mobile app	    





how can we help you?

search form

search 












  
   
the da vinci® robotic surgical system
enables surgeons to perform more complex procedures with greater precision.
learn more about robotic surgery


    
   
emergency care in north augusta
er at sweetwater is a freestanding emergency room located at 160 austin graybill rd.
er at sweetwater


    
   
better health forum
learn healthy tips from our team while eating breakfast.
learn more about the better health forum


    
   
download our mobile app!
schedule an appointment, view health records, and find a doctor all from your smart phone.
download the app


 


previous next 








































aiken regional achieves national certification as a gluten-free facility for patients

aiken regional achieves national certification as a gluten-free facility for patients
validation as a gluten-free safe spot establishes trust with gluten-free patrons in the ability of a facility to provide safe gluten-free food.
read 

aiken regional introduces new, digital resuscitation training and education

aiken regional introduces new, digital resuscitation training and education
innovative program verifies cpr expertise to help increase cardiac arrest survival.
read 

aiken regional to hold hands-on community events with the da vinci® robot

aiken regional to hold hands-on community events with the da vinci® robot
the events are open to the public and will allow attendees to test their driving skills on the da vinci robotic simulator.
read 




blog


at the  aiken regional medical centers blog you'll find information you can use to improve your overall health and well-being, and stories about our amazing patients and healthcare heroes serving our community. 


advancing healthcare in our community 

advancing healthcare in our community  january 23, 2025 
	graduate medical education at aiken regional medical centers aspires to train the next generation of exceptional physicians who will stay for the long term to practice medicine in aiken communities. read article 
 

is it the winter blues or something more?

is it the winter blues or something more? january 20, 2025 
	it’s that time of year for the winter blues and seasonal affective disorder. here are ways to recognize the differences and know when it’s time to seek help. read article 
 

this simple screening could save your heart

this simple screening could save your heart january 20, 2025 
	according to the centers for disease control and prevention, heart disease is the leading cause of death among u.s. adults. cardiac imaging can help keep your heart healthy – here’s how. read article 
 



all health news articles
 

 









 







careers


 







about us


 







events









hospital facts & numbers
for aiken regional medical centers

0

                    physicians                


0

                    hospital employees                


0

                    specialties                




 








    4 min.  

    view er wait time  








          er wait time
        
  
4 min.er at sweetwaterview maprequest a time

 

	if you are having a medical emergency, call 9-1-1. refresh your screen to get the latest wait time. for the most accurate wait time, call the hospital.

















aiken regional medical centers302 university parkway, aiken, sc 29801803-641-5000803-641-5000 








contact us
about our hospital
careers
news
aiken physicians alliance



facebook
instagram
twitter
linkedin
youtube









	the information on this website is provided as general health guidelines and may not be applicable to your particular health condition. your individual health status and any required medical treatments can only be properly addressed by a professional healthcare provider of your choice. remember: there is no adequate substitution for a personal consultation with your physician. neither aiken regional medical centers, or any of their affiliates, nor any contributors shall have any liability for the content or any errors or omissions in the information provided by this website.

	the information, content and artwork provided by this website is intended for non-commercial use by the reader. the reader is permitted to make one copy of the information displayed for his/her own non-commercial use. the making of additional copies is prohibited.





site map
privacy policy
terms of use
hipaa notice of privacy practices
physician disclaimer
nondiscrimination notice
language assistance
accessibility statement
price transparency
code of conduct
compliance hotline



© 2025 aiken regional medical centers. all rights reserved.














