




































city and county of broomfield - official website | official website









  















skip to main content






















 





 
 
 


    live      work      explore      engage  


 

 

 

 





 












search







 
 
 

 














milestone achievements in 2024year in review










 
 














new watering requirementswatering ordinance








be prepared. check outbroomfield emergency preparedness tips








help  offset costs from utility increasesutility fund assistance program










 
 














learn more about contracted residentialwaste services








learn how to make your voice heard onbroomfield voice










 
 














pay your billonline bill pay








license plates and registrationmotor vehicle








careerswork with us










 
 
 



























 







broomfield news and events










read this week's broomfield community update 

the broomfield community update is your weekly source for news, events, resources, and more from the city and county of broomfield.				learn more










/civicalerts.aspx


  
 
 














broomfield residents - you're invited to the 2025 state of the city and county 


mayor guyleen castriotta will deliver her 2025 state of the city and county presentation on tuesday, march 4 at the broomfield auditorium.						read on...






metro mayors caucus names city and county of  broomfield mayor guyleen castriotta as 2025 chair 


the metro mayors caucus has appointed guyleen castriotta, mayor of the city and county of broomfield, as its new chair. castriotta, who previously served as 1st vice chair and on the executive committee, is the first broomfield mayor to hold the role.						read on...






key topics impacting broomfield's future discussed at the 2025 city council focus session 


topics at the feb. 8 focus session included broomfield’s economic and fiscal status, anticipated future development, and an overview of key programs, initiatives and projects anticipated in 2025.						read on...






ccob closures and adjusted hours for president's day 


in observance of president’s day, some city and county of broomfield facilities may be closed or have adjusted hours.						read on...






2025 one book one broomfield voting is live! 


cast your vote for the book that will be read by the whole community as part of the annual one book one broomfield!						read on...







think food safety during national canned food month 


when preparing for a disaster, build an emergency kit that includes food and water.						read on...







read this week's community update 


the broomfield community update is your weekly source for news, events, resources and more from the city and county of broomfield.			read on...







registration is open for the 2025 bpd-inside teen academy 


the teen academy provides an opportunity for understanding and interacting with members of the police department to enhance partnerships within the community.			additional info...







registration is open for the 2025 bpd-inside academy 


the bpd-inside academy is a series of three separate blocks. each block occurs over five consecutive weeks to comprise the complete trilogy. blocks 1, 2, and 3 contain specific topics of information to encompass all aspects of the bpd.			additional info...







view all news




/civicalerts.aspx


  
 
 



 

















broomfield restaurant guide
hungry for a taste of broomfield's local cuisine? look no further! say hello to the eat local interactive map, your one-stop-shop guide to discovering all the locally-owned establishments that make broomfield truly special.









practice water efficiency
don't waste water this summer, instead make sure you practice water efficiency! water efficiency may come from getting sprinklers evaluated, replacing your lawn or following simple steps to be more efficient.























  
 



  
 





 public meetings




 public meetings











february 2025




sun


mon


tue


wed


thu


fri


sat




26
27
28
29
30
31
 1

 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 8

 9
10
11
12
13
14
15

16
17
18
19
20
21
22

23
24
25
26
27
28
 1












tue, feb 18  

city council study session



tue, feb 25  

city council meeting 






view all events




/calendar.aspx







 
 
 



 















 






  
 













b in the loopnewsletter








city council








register for recreation activities








pay your bill










 
 



  
 







contact us







one descombes drivebroomfield, co 80020303-469-3301contact departments
 






  
 













report a concern or submit a question










 
 









     





 
 



  
 







quick links







calendar



public notices



emergency preparedness









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 



  
 







about this site







site map



accessibility



copyright notices









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 
 



 











government websites by civicplus®




 
 
 



















loading









				loading
			


do not show again
close


































  







arrow left



arrow right





[]



slideshow left arrow





slideshow right arrow









