





mr. outboard's | boat shop near green bay, wi









































































skip to main content











like mr. outboards  on facebook!





like mr. outboards  on instagram!





 map & hours

 920.337.9717
1785 mid valley drivede pere, wi





check out our videos
on youtube









toggle navigation





home

marine showroom

showroom

new inventory
pre-owned inventory
clearance inventory
boat brokerage
boat storage
sea legs pontoon lifts
boat detailing
get a quote
finance
value your trade
schedule a test ride
vantage protection
promotions
contact us




dealer info

about us
donations
map & hours
green bay, wi
oshkosh, wi

employment
contact us



parts/accessories

parts department
parts request
up to 50% or more!
pro shop
fishing electronics



service

service department
service appointments





customer corner

event calendar


reviews
fishing license & boat registration
lund fishing community

videos
photos
donations
contact us






mr. outboards

1785 mid valley drive
 de pere, wi 54115
us

phone: 920.337.9717
email: greg@mroutboards.com,tarah@mroutboards.com

fax:
			












































previous



next






mr. outboards - new &amp; used boats, pontoons, outboards, service, and parts in de pere, wi, near green bay, glenmore, greenleaf and freedommr. outboards - new &amp; used boats, pontoons, outboards, service, and parts in de pere, wi, near green bay, glenmore, greenleaf and freedom
mr. outboards - new &amp; used boats, pontoons, outboards, service, and parts in de pere, wi, near green bay, glenmore, greenleaf and freedommr. outboards - new &amp; used boats, pontoons, outboards, service, and parts in de pere, wi, near green bay, glenmore, greenleaf and freedom
mr. outboards - new &amp; used boats, pontoons, outboards, service, and parts in de pere, wi, near green bay, glenmore, greenleaf and freedommr. outboards - new &amp; used boats, pontoons, outboards, service, and parts in de pere, wi, near green bay, glenmore, greenleaf and freedom
mr. outboards - new &amp; used boats, pontoons, outboards, service, and parts in de pere, wi, near green bay, glenmore, greenleaf and freedommr. outboards - new &amp; used boats, pontoons, outboards, service, and parts in de pere, wi, near green bay, glenmore, greenleaf and freedom
mr. outboards - new &amp; used boats, pontoons, outboards, service, and parts in de pere, wi, near green bay, glenmore, greenleaf and freedommr. outboards - new &amp; used boats, pontoons, outboards, service, and parts in de pere, wi, near green bay, glenmore, greenleaf and freedom
mr. outboards - new &amp; used boats, pontoons, outboards, service, and parts in de pere, wi, near green bay, glenmore, greenleaf and freedommr. outboards - new &amp; used boats, pontoons, outboards, service, and parts in de pere, wi, near green bay, glenmore, greenleaf and freedom
mr. outboards - new &amp; used boats, pontoons, outboards, service, and parts in de pere, wi, near green bay, glenmore, greenleaf and freedommr. outboards - new &amp; used boats, pontoons, outboards, service, and parts in de pere, wi, near green bay, glenmore, greenleaf and freedom








previous



pause



next









marine

new
								inventory
pre-owned
								inventory



clearance
							inventory







get financed


schedule service







manufacturer promotions





















mr. outboard’s watersports has been serving the green bay and fox valley areas for 60 years.

we carry the finest quality boat brands. each of our brands are category leaders and award-winning, customer-focused brands.   if you are looking for water toys we have a complete line up including trolling motors, depth finders, boat bumpers, dock lines, and everything else you will need to make your next boat trip a success.

our business has been built on honesty and integrity along with a commitment to offering great prices on our of our new and pre-owned boats. we back our sales with seven certified mechanics to keep you on the water with quick and accurate repairs. as your premier wisconsin boat dealer, we focus only on the marine industry only, not snowmobiles, four-wheelers or chainsaws. we have over 100 years of combined experience in our sales and service staff so our customers can have confidence they will have the best experience possible to enjoy life on the water.

our mission is to employ the best people in the marine industry and deliver an exceptional customer experience. our mercury marine customer satisfaction scores (csi) demonstrate that we are accomplishing it. our csi scores put us in top 1 % of over 5,000 marine dealerships in the united states and we have been recognized as best marine dealer in green bay gazette-best of the bay award.  read












opens in new window

copyright© 2025  dealer spike all rights reserved

policy |
						privacy |
						terms |
						sitemap





about us
1785 mid valley drive
de pere, wi
phone: 920.337.9717
map & directions




like mr. outboards  on facebook!




newsletter signup
subscribe mr. outboards's mailing list!






 



quick links
new marine
pre-owned marine

showroom
financing
parts & accessories
schedule service

























