



petmeds - frontline plus and advantage







presented 
by global affiliate 
programs






              uk visitors can shop at petmeds.co.uk 




 


 



frontline 
                    plus 6pk large 45-88 lbs
frontline plus provides your dog 
                    with the most complete spot-on flea and tick protection available. 
                    in addition to killing 98-100% of adult fleas on your dog 
                    within 24 hours, frontline plus contains a special ingredient 
                    that kills flea eggs and larvae, too, and keeps all stages 
                    of fleas from developing. by effectively stopping the development 
                    of new fleas, frontline plus completely breaks the flea life 
                    cycle. and, frontline plus kills all stages of 4 major ticks 
                    including those that may transmit lyme disease and rocky mountain 
                    spotted fever. it's completely waterproof. for use in puppies 
                    8 weeks and older and over 11 lbs. 6 topical monthly treatments.
 only $ 76.99



 1-800-petmeds 
                    super joint enhancer 120 ct
double strength!! chewable!!! 
                    msm too!!! 1-800-petmeds super joint enhancer is a natural 
                    daily dietary supplement to ease joint pain and improve joint 
                    function. active ingredients 400 mg chondroitin, 500 mg glucosamine, 
                    100 mg msm, and 5 mg manganese improve flexibility and mobility 
                    as a part of the joint rebuilding formula. joint enhancer 
                    comes in a bone shaped pork liver flavor tablet dogs love.
  only $ 
                    39.99




 


  
frontline 
                6pk cat/kittens
frontline top spot provides convenient 
                and effective flea and tick control for cats and kittens. frontline 
                brand products are the #1 choice of veterinarians! fast-acting. 
                long-lasting. waterproofevan after frequent bathing. prevents 
                re-infestations. convenient to use. controls fleas which may cause 
                flea allergy dermatitis. kills all stages of 4 major ticks, including 
                those that may carry lyme disease. use on cats and kittens 12 
                weeks & older. 6 topical monthly treatments.

only $ 61.99


  
advantage 
                6pk cat purple 10-18 lbs
advantage stops fleas from biting 
                in 3-5 minutes, kills 98-100 percent of fleas within 12 hours 
                of application, kills re-infesting fleas within two hours and 
                lasts up to a month. kills fleas before they lay eggs. one treatment 
                prevents further infestation for at least four weeks. 6 topical 
                monthly treatments.

only $ 54.99


  
frontline 
                plus 3pk large 45-88 lbs
frontline plus provides your dog with 
                the most complete spot-on flea and tick protection available. 
                in addition to killing 98-100% of adult fleas on your dog within 
                24 hours, frontline plus contains a special ingredient that kills 
                flea eggs and larvae, too, and keeps all stages of fleas from 
                developing. by effectively stopping the development of new fleas, 
                frontline plus completely breaks the flea life cycle. and, frontline 
                plus kills all stages of 4 major ticks including those that may 
                transmit lyme disease and rocky mountain spotted fever. it's completely 
                waterproof. for use in puppies 8 weeks and older and over 11 lbs. 
                3 topical monthly treatments.

only $ 40.99




  
frontline 
                6pk small 2-22 lbs
frontline top spot provides convenient 
                and effective flea and tick control for dogs and puppies. frontline 
                brand products are the #1 choice of veterinarians! fast-acting. 
                long-lasting. waterproof even after frequent bathing. prevents 
                re-infestations. convenient to use. controls fleas which may cause 
                flea allergy dermatitis. kills all stages of 4 major ticks, including 
                those that may carry lyme disease. use on puppies 8 weeks and 
                older. 6 topical monthy treatments.

only $ 59.99


  
advantage 
                6pk dog blue 55-100 lbs
advantage stops fleas from biting 
                in 3-5 minutes, kills 98-100 percent of fleas within 12 hours 
                of application, kills re-infesting fleas within two hours and 
                lasts up to a month. kills fleas before they lay eggs. one treatment 
                prevents further infestation for at least four weeks. 6 topical 
                monthly treatments.

only $ 57.99


  
frontline 
                plus 6pk medium 23-44 lbs
frontline plus provides your dog with 
                the most complete spot-on flea and tick protection available. 
                in addition to killing 98-100% of adult fleas on your dog within 
                24 hours, frontline plus contains a special ingredient that kills 
                flea eggs and larvae, too, and keeps all stages of fleas from 
                developing. by effectively stopping the development of new fleas, 
                frontline plus completely breaks the flea life cycle. and, frontline 
                plus kills all stages of 4 major ticks including those that may 
                transmit lyme disease and rocky mountain spotted fever. it's completely 
                waterproof. for use in puppies 8 weeks and older and over 11 lbs. 
                6 topical monthly treatments.

only $ 72.99




  
 cosequin 
                double strength chewable 250 ct btl
cosequin is a nutritional supplement 
                to help dogs maintain healthy joints. as dogs age, it is common 
                for their joints to become less flexible which impacts their mobility 
                and quality of life. cosequin is an exclusive formula to support 
                and maintain the health of your dog's joints. each chewable tablet 
                contains 500 mg glucosamine hcl, 400 mg sodium 95% chondroitin 
                sulfate 5% mixed glycosaminoglycans, 33 mg ascorbate and 5 mg 
                manganese.

only $ 133.99


  
 glyco-flex 
                600 mg 300 ct btl
glyco-flex is a nutritional dietary 
                supplement for dogs of all breeds throughout their lives. the 
                green lipped mussels in glyco-flex is rich in amino acids, naturally 
                chelated minerals, numerous enzymes, vitamins, and nucleic acids 
                (rna and dna). each chewable tablet contains 600 mg green lipped 
                mussel, brewer's yeast, and alfalfa.

only $ 41.99


  
 glycoflex 
                3 120 ct bottle
glyco-flex iii represents the most 
                advanced formula of the glyco flex family of products designed 
                to target the older dogs that require maximum support. each chewable 
                tablet contains 600 mg green lipped mussel, 500 mg glucosamine 
                hcl, 1000 mg msm, 100 mg manganese as amino acid chelate, 30 mg 
                vitamin c, 514 mg brewer's yeast, dried chicken livers and giblets, 
                and stearic acid.

only $ 56.99




  
 cosequin 
                double strength caps 120 ct btl
cosequin is a nutritional supplement 
                to help dogs maintain healthy joints. as dogs age, it is common 
                for their joints to become less flexible which impacts their mobility 
                and quality of life. cosequin is an exclusive formula to support 
                and maintain the health of your dog's joints. each capsule contains 
                500 mg glucosamine hcl, 400 mg 95% sodium chondroitin sulfate 
                5% mixed glycosaminoglycans, 33 mg ascorbate and 5 mg manganese.

only $ 73.99


  
 1-800-petmeds 
                joint enhancer for dogs 60 ct
1-800-petmeds joint enhancer is a 
                natural daily dietary supplement to ease joint pain and improve 
                joint function. active ingredients 300 mg chrondroitin, 250 mg 
                glucosamine, and 2 mg manganese improve flexibility and mobility 
                as a part of the joint rebuilding formula. joint enhancer comes 
                in a bone shaped pork liver flavor tablet dogs love.

only $ 16.99


  
 glycoflex 
                2 double strength 90 ct btl
glyco-flex 2 double strength is a 
                dietary nutritional support supplement for dogs that is a natural 
                food. the benefit of glyco-flex 2 double stength as a nutritional 
                supplement is due to the unique biological activity of the many 
                nutrients in the product. each chewable tablet contains 600 mg 
                green lipped mussel, 500 mg glucosamine hcl, 500 mg msm, 10 mg 
                manganese as amino acid chelate. brewer's yeast, and smoke flavor. 
                initial dose: (4 - 6 weeks) 30 - 60 lbs: 2 tablets daily. 61 - 
                100 lbs: 3 tablets daily. 101 lbs and over: 4 tablets daily. maintenance: 
                (after initial dose period of 4 - 6 weeks) under 60 lbs, feeding 
                can be lowered by 1/2 tablet per month. over 60 lbs, feeding can 
                be lowered by 1 tablet per month. if feeding is more than 1 tablet, 
                divide between am and pm. tablet may be crumbled onto food or 
                given as a delicioous treat.

only $ 39.99






powered 
                by linkshare







other 
      online 
      stores you might want to look at


adult 
      friend finder
      join-up page 
advanced 
      mp3 players - ipods and more
air 
      france flights
alibris 
      books - classic horror stories
ann 
      summers corsets and basques
ann 
      summers wedding and honeymoon lingerie


art.com 
      - movie posters
 life 
      is short - have an affair. ashley maddison
barnes 
      & noble - books, music, toys, games
 benchmark 
      email marketing
      free trial  
  
dental 
      plans


 
entirely 
      pets :
      catflaps and verandas
 
 
first 
      choice holiday village costa del sol 
friendfinder


gift 
      baskets overseas guide to sending gifts to china 
hearthsong 
      - toys you'll feel good about giving
high 
      quality vitamins
      from holland and barrett
hovpod 
      - personal hovercraft
just 
      my size - ladies' fashions
kaboodle 
      gift hampers


kiwi 
      flight search
kiyonna: 
      clothes for the stylish woman
largefriends 
      uk: bbw dating
limoges 
      jewelry 
millionairematch
musician's 
      friend


pepperjam 
      store builder : batman (dark knight)
performance 
      bicycle
petmeds
      keep your pet free from fleas and ticks
 
proflowers
      freshest flowers direct from the grower
smartfares 
      cheap flights


secondipity
      deal of the day
simply 
      beach beachwear
 
success: 
      a spiritual matter ebook for successful entreprenuers 
swiss 
      air - online flight bookings
szul
      engagement rings


thornton's 
      chocolates
travelocity
      holidays and flights
wicked 
      temptations lingerie shop
how 
      to convert video to mp4 format for apple ipod
how 
      to extract pictures (jpg, bmp, png, gif) from a video file
how 
      to rip dvd to mp4 video format for iphone and sony psp


 






