















	ou college of dentistry > home








































 https://dentistry.ouhsc.edu/ parent page: home id: -1 active page: homeid:14769 

ou college of dentistry
skip navigation





 




for:
students
faculty & staff
alumni
hipaa







search






ouhs home
campus directory
insidehsc











menu





                            about
                        

welcome from the dean leadership academic departments 
research


scientific day



faculty directory 
career opportunities

careers at the ou college of dentistry


news


prospective students


                            academic programs
                        

general dentistry 
dental hygiene

dh profession apply infectious diseases policy



advanced education in general dentistry (aegd)

program structure state-of-the-art technology 
become a patient

faculty residents why i love okc quotes apply



advanced standing for international dentists (aspid)

bench test prep course for international dentists



graduate orthodontics

orthodontics faculty orthodontics graduate research assistants contact us


graduate periodontics 
pediatric dentistry residency

letter from the program director curriculum apply faculty residents



oral & maxillofacial surgery

letter from the chair externship 
residency

fellowship internship research faculty 2025 reichmann lecture






                            alumni and friends
                        

continuing education publications career opportunities 2025 alumni weekend update your information




                            labs and referrals
                        

3d printing imaging oral pathology services 
referrals

faculty practice referrals oral and maxillofacial surgery referrals graduate periodontics referrals oral implantology referrals aegd referrals graduate orthodontics referrals






                            patients
                        


student care


tulsa dental clinic

oklahoma city dental clinic



specialty care


pediatric dentistry specialty clinic



faculty practice emergency care make a payment/insurance info locations & contact refer a patient


 giving



 giving






















welcome to the university of oklahoma college of dentistry.
whether you are a prospective student eager to explore the dental profession, someone needing dental care, searching for a trusted, affordable provider, or one of our alums eager to reengage with the college, we thank you for your interest in our school. read more >







2/18/2025 - 2/19/2025 clinic closure, remote work due to inclement weather


due to inclement weather, the university of oklahoma health sciences campus, college of dentistry clinics, including ou dentistry faculty practice, are closed all day today, tuesday, february 18, 2025 and tomorrow, wednesday, february 19, 2025. our pediatric dentistry specialty clinic at oklahoma children’s hospital ou health is also closed tomorrow; however, surgeries at the hospital will proceed as scheduled unless notified otherwise.

special events, meetings, or activities scheduled to be held in the college of dentistry building are also cancelled. patients in oklahoma city, as well as patients in college of dentistry satellite clinics affected by weather closures, will be contacted to reschedule their appointments as appropriate. 

along with the campus, the college has moved to remote learning/remote work. didactic classes will be held online, and employees who are able to do so are to work remotely. 

please continue to check this website for updates.

















prospective students
the ou college of dentistry is home to the state of oklahoma’s only doctor of dental surgery degree program and bachelor of science degree in dental hygiene. in addition, the college of dentistry also provides graduate and residency programs in advanced general dentistry, oral and maxillofacial surgery, orthodontics, pediatric dentistry, and periodontics.
				


explore our programs 





prospective patients
are you interested in becoming a patient at the ou college of dentistry? the college of dentistry also provides high-quality oral health care in various clinical settings ranging from student- and resident-provided care to faculty-provided care.
				


become a patient 





referring doctors
the ou college of dentistry is proud to be an integral part of the dental community and provides professional services such as cbct imaging, oral pathology reports and more. the college also accepts referrals from outside dentists for limited and comprehensive treatment.
				


labs and referrals





































university of oklahoma announces state’s first pediatric dentistry residency program
this highly-specialized two-year program will be offered through the ou college of dentistry and will be integrated into the overall health care team at oklahoma children’s hospital ou health.
read more



















   


 assistant dean isabel rambob, dds, ficd, elected to international college of dentistry foundation board of trustees
read more










   


 dentistry alumnus dr. tamara berg elected ada second vice president
read more










   


 celebrating ou college of dentistry’s alumni weekend 2024
read more










   


 ou health sciences celebrates hundreds of students during white coat ceremonies
read more








more news >








facebook


ou college of dentistry
































































































































































































































ou college of dentistry

1201 n. stonewall ave.oklahoma city, ok 73117  

communications center(405) 271-7744







hours

monday - friday

8 a.m. - 5 p.m.







parking

patient and visitor complimentary parking is available in the stonewall garage (p4). please bring your parking ticket with you to check-in or check-out for validation. 







courtesy shuttle

7:45 a.m.-4:45 p.m. (m-f)

pick up and drop off locationsstonewall garage (first floor near garage entrance)

college of dentistry main entrance (south side)










faculty, staff and students
people directory
insight request
tal
webmail
canvas






hipaa
notice of privacy practices
report a hipaa privacy complaint
information technology 
it service desk




contact directory
maps & directions
human resources
job search




 facebook








copyright © 2025 the board of regents of the university of oklahoma. all rights reserved.

disclaimer | copyright | equal opportunity employer

	  built by ou it web services









login




























