


  



myfit.ca fitness exercises to workouts and articles
























 login  |  register    


  iphoneexercises workoutsnutritionarticlesweight lossforumsgymsfind a ptdiet    









can rapid weight loss be maintained??
								

 
								

 
								

a researched based conclusion














how much should i weigh?


a chart and other tools
								







71
								

 
								

 
								

weight loss tips





a massive collection of tools, tricks and ideas to lose weight fast.
								













body fat norms
click to find out what are the best ways to calculate body fat and also if your percentage falls in what range.
read more







printable food diary
start tracking your logs either with an app or with a pen and paper now.  it's the best way to see yourself get a leaner physique.
read more







6 meals or 3?
we discus the latest research and find out which is truly the one to focus on. grazing vs. gorging
read more












make your own workout
 lets say you have an idea of what you would like to do in the gym but want a nice fancy way to show it?  this tool is for you.
								



learn all about protein
 protein is an essential macronutrient that if you are working out you are probably not getting enough of.
								





start logging your workout 
 there are so many ways to track your workout but we suggest with an app (option 1) or through a printed workout journal (option 2). 



muscle building meal plan
 there are lots of ways to try to build muscle but you need a good meal plan to make sure your body is receiving the right calories at the right time.  
								





circuit training
 circuit training is perhaps the most important method to follow while working out to save time and do 'cardio' while working out.  



learn about periodization
 periodization is one of the most important techniques you can do to prevent a plateau.







learn more




 ebook
 become a trainer




what if you just wanted to find a book that had everything from step 1 to step 200?  we have put a lot of thought into this book for you. 
this is a complete weight loss guide from our head trainer rod ferris b.a. cpt(ymca, ace), cpafla, cfc

read more
 



there are lots of ways to educate yourself on becoming more fit.  one of those ways is to become a trainer yourself.
we have broken down the top certifications you can recieve based on popularity.

read more







top 5 diets read more



1. no diet




2. abs diet




3. the dash diet




4. mediterranean diet




5. the best life diet


















popular posts




what is hiit?










 tools


one rep max calculatoraverage weight liftedincreasing your lifting weight by 20%
logging iphone app








articles


best exercises for muscle activity
myfit created workouts















								copyright © 2016 myfit fitness |  all rights reserved
							    
contact | copyright | disclaimer | privacy 


connect with us








































