


hair styling advice blog from hairstyle.com





















    
	hair styling advice blog from hairstyle.com
	
  
visit hairstyle.com for free fashionable hairstyle photo galleries, information about haircuts, coloring your hair, hair care tips and celebrity hairstyles. we also sell the latest hair products and styling tools.





tuesday, december 11, 2007



	 
	 all about straight hair
	 
    


if you have been blessed with fairly straight hair, then you are lucky and the envy of many women (myself included). thick hair that is mostly straight, with maybe a slight wave is usually the easiest hair to style. your natural wave loves to be curled and styled, and yet is easy to straighten and looks fabulous worn straight.women with tight curly hair, or fine, dead straight hair that has little body and refuses to hold curl (yes, that's me!) struggle to style our hair at times.if your hair is not quite as straight as you want it, you have some easy options to temporarily straighten your hair: straightening products, hair dryer or straightening iron.if your hair is really not straight and you want to get rid of your curl permanently (well, at least 6 months), you have the option of professionally straightening your hair.how to blow dry hair straightblowdrying your hair straight is definitely the cheaper option to permanently straightening your hair - all it takes is a few tools and products and a bit of practice.what do i need?- a hairdryer- a large round brush. the size of the brush will depend on the length of your hair - your hair needs to be long enough to wrap around the brush once.- a large paddle brush for final smoothing.- clips to keep hair out of the way. large flat clips that hairdressers use work best.- styling products - products that protect your hair from moisture and hold the style. moisture is what reverts the hair back to its natural wave, so products like mousse protect hair from moisture as well as heat damage.- gloss or serum to smooth over hair, remove frizz and finish off the lookstart by washing your hair with a volumising range. browse our volumising range.comb with a wide-toothed comb to remove any tangles. partially blow-dry your hair to get rid of excess moisture.spray a volumising tonic on your hair, or a handful of mousse spread from tips to ends for extra oomph.pin hair up and take out small sections at a time to blow-dry. hold the dryer in one hand and a styling brush in the other.place the brush underneath the first section of hair and position it at the roots. keep the tension on the hair (without tugging too hard) and move the brush down towards the ends, while directing the air flow down the hair, following the movement of the brush. blow-dry using a large, round brush with a metal core. wind hair completely up the brush, focusing on creating lift at the roots. gently blast hair with a hair-dryer until dry.browse our range of hairdryers.curl the brush under at the ends to achieve a slight bend. continue until the back sections are completely dry and then repeat on the top sections of hai finish with a light, flexible hairspray. browse our range of hairsprays.remember, practice makes perfect!how to use a straightening ironwhat do i need?- a temperature controlled straightening iron- styling products - products that protect your hair from moisture and hold the style. moisture is what reverts the hair back to its natural wave, so products like mousse protect hair from moisture as well as heat damage.things to remember:also start with clean, dry hair. if possible, use a leave-in conditioning spray after washing your hair, but before starting to straighten.hair must be completely dry, as slightly damp hair will respond badly to straightening. also using a heated appliance on damp hair causes the hair to "cook" from the steaming, swelling the hair shaft and forcing the protective moisture from the cortex of the hair.use a flat iron appropriate for your hair length. wider irons are suitable for very long hair, but most women are better off using an appliance with heating plates 1" to 1 ½ " wide. these smaller irons offer better control and are lighter in weight.section your hair into small, manageable sections. if you try and straighten a big chunk of hair at once, you will get an uneven result. the hair on the outside might straighten but hair in the middle won't have been straightened. work on smaller sections and you will get a much straighter look.use a small amount of styling product to maintain the style. using a spray of hairspray on the straightened sections, or a small amount of mousse or gel when drying your hair, will extend the life of your hair style. your straightened hair will last longer.instructionstake a small section of hair. starting at the roots, work the flat iron through the length of your hair slowly, but keep the iron moving.after each draw, comb your hair smooth.continue, piece by piece until all of your hair is straight. professional hair straighteningpermanent straighteningwhat is it?  it's a perm that improves the condition of the hair as it straightens it. there are a few names for it - bio ionic professional haircare system, japanese ionic hair straightening - yet they are all the same.how does it work? first a treatment to prep your hair. next, a setting solution. then a rinse and light dry off before hours of flat-iron work. after this, you have straight hair. they rinse again and apply a solution so your hair remembers to stay straight. a quick dry off and iron and you're done. but no washing your hair for two days.what hair types are (most) suitable? those with thick, healthy, unbleached hair are the best candidates.which hair types are not suitable? fine, weak or dry hair or hair that is overly processed/colored. however there are lotions that cater to variations in strength and thickness, meaning those with fine but strong hair can still get the treatment.how long does it take? usually about five hours. if the hair is very thick, curly or long it can take up to 10 or 11 hours.how much does it cost? it can range anywhere from $150 to $1000 depending on the salon and the particular solutions being used (ie bio ionic is more expensive than japanese solutions)some quick-fixes include using permanent straighteners and relaxers- most of which you can find in supermarkets and drug stores to apply in your own home. a relaxer is best suited for people who have hair that is especially difficult to style. this usually applies to people of african or caribbean descent who have coarse and frizzy hair. the relaxer is a strong chemical substance that is applied to dry hair and then left on the hair anywhere from 15 to 45 minutes. the relaxer works chemically with the composition of your hair, weighing it down in certain areas and removing curls. relaxers must be reapplied to new hair growth.labels: bio ionic, flat iron, hair, hairstyle, straight, straighter, style





posted by hairstyle.com at 6:18 pm
117 comments









	 
	 all about curly hair
	 
    


for those of you with curly hair, you'll admit it can be both a blessing and a hassle. when your curls look good, they really look good. but all it takes is a slight change of weather and you've got frizz problems! it's true, curly hair can sometimes need a bit more care and attention than straight hair to keep it looking its best. hairstyle.com has curly hair information and advice, hairstyles for curly hair and curly hair care tips that will have your locks looking their best.it is important to understand your hair - once you understand what works with your curly hair, you can really enjoy your hair and learn to love it. read more about curly hair at hairstyle.comhow to style curly hairif you have wavy hair:give your naturally wavy hair more defined curls. take small sections of your hair while its damp, and roll them up into little balls. secure them into place with pins. once your hair is dry, unpin your hair. do not brush, instead just use your fingers to piece out your curls.not every stylist knows how to cut curly hair. ask various salons if they have someone who specializes in curly haircuts. curly hair needs to be cut wet so you can see the natural shape.layers can look great with curly hair, but don't get the layers cut too short as your curly hair will turn into a pouf.to get perfect ringlets, start with damp hair.step 1: apply a dime-sized amount of serum and gel through hair from mid-strand to the ends.step 2: take small sections from the top of your head & twist them down to the ends. let them fall.step 3: dry sections with a diffuser from roots to ends. (don't scrunch your curls otherwise you could cause frizzing, instead cup the hair from below).step 4: when hair is almost completely dry, bend over & shake curls loose. massage hair at the crown, this will add body.step 5: flip hair back & finish styling with your fingers. do not use a brush.twisted updohair twists and updos are always a very popular style. sweep hair into a ponytail that rests at the back of the crown. allow your curls to billow out over the top of the base. secure the ends loosely against the back of the scalp to form a soft curly bun.half up / half down styleonce you have washed, dried and applied some product in your hair to really define your curls, this style is quick and easy to do.using your thumbs, position them just above your ear lobes. slide your thumbs inwards at a 45 degree angle, towards the center of your head.  when your thumbs meet, lift that top section of hair and tie it into a ponytail. either tie it at the back of your crown, or try a looser, more casual look and tie the ponytail lower down.side sweepa sexy side ponytail - a sleek smooth crown, that ties behind one ear and displays a beautiful cascade of loose curls.use a flat iron to straighten your hair from roots to middle of your hair. brush your hair to one side and tie into a low ponytail. separate the ponytail section into 1 inch sections and use a small to medium barrel curling iron to create ringlets. holy the iron in place for up to 30 seconds.curly hair carethe best products for curly hair are alcohol-free products. curly hair is naturally more fragile and dry than straight hair. products that contain alcohol dry out your hair, and you want to avoid these products if your hair is curly.minimize breakage by allowing your hair to air-dry as often as possible. some curly haired women will skip every other shampoo and just use conditioning rinses. shampoo at least once a week to avoid greasy hair and a build up of products, but if you shampoo too often this will dry our your hair and leave it frizzy.use a moisturizing shampoo to help hydrate the scalp.tip: comb some conditioner through your hair before shampooing.on non-shampooing days, rinse your hair with warm water, apply conditioner and rinse well. this will give you clean hair, without stripping away the protective oils.apply mousse to still-damp hair and spread from roots to end. this will help control frizz.other ways to control frizz - use some leave-in conditioning products, or anti-frizz hair serums.do not use a brush on your curly hair. use a widetoothed comb or your fingers to detangle your curls.always comb the conditioner through your hair when washing it. this will help evenly spread the conditioner from root to end. detangle your hair before rinsing out the conditioner.to control frizzy hair, use an anti-frizz serum to smooth the frizz, add shine and condition your hair. most serums contain silicone which sits on top of the hair shaft and protects hair from heat.want curly hair?do you want curly hair? you might want to look into getting a perm or body wave.a perm does not mean a scary, crimped poodle-do of the 80s. perms have come a long way, and the result is a much more natural look. a perm can add body to limp hair, give you sexy loose waves or the corkscrew curls you've always wanted but weren't born with.permperms work best on thick, strong hair that hasn't been colored. if you have a few highlights or even a full color, that is ok. but heavy highlighted, double processed hair can leave your hair fragile and slightly damaged. the strong chemicals for a perm could totally kill your hair if its already damaged.if you're not sure if your hair could handle a perm, ask your stylist. they will want to know your hair history and can tell you if you are a suitable candidate for a perm.here's a trick to try at home. take a few strands of hair and put them in a glass of water. if they float, your hair is healthy. if they sink, your hair is damaged and is soaking up moisture.a perm will take about 1-2 hours, depending on the length of your hair. the way it works- chemicals are used to break and reform the structural bonds of your hair. after the hair is wrapped on a perm rod and the hair is placed in the physical shape we want it to take. the size of the rod determines the tightness of the curl. a chemical solution is applied which raises the cuticle of the hair strand and breaks of the bonds that of your natural hair wave pattern. after this chemical solution has been rinsed off, a neutralizer is used to reform the bonds of the hair and sets the new curl pattern.if done correctly a perm will last about 2-6 months. body wavewhat is it?  a new take on the horrid old "perm". it's a loose body wave and gives hair movement and volume. how does it work? it depends on the natural texture and condition of the hair. if the hair is dead-straight, large curls are done to create a soft, natural wave. if the hair already has a slight wave, the natural curl is emphasised by focusing on the bottom layers of the hair. this is all achieved with large rollers and strong setting solution. what hair types are (most) suitable? those with healthy hair who are looking for a little bit of oomph, or those with the kind of limp hair that just sits there.which hair types are not suitable? anyone with bleached, overcolored hair.how long does it take? usually around one and a half hours.how much does it cost? from $60 to $150.temporary methods for curling your hairhome-made rag curlers/rollersyou will need to make 40 rag curlers depending on the thickness and ultimate length of your hair.use clean old sheets or old t-shirts to make the rag strips. make sure they are natural fiber and lint free! cut or tear into strips about an inch wide and 6 inches long. if your hair is very long you made need longer strips.wash your hair and let it dry until its just a little damp. section your hair into ½ - 1 inch sections. take one of the rags and lay it alongside the section of hair. wrap the hair around the rag in a spiral, leaving enough cloth at the top and bottom so you can tie the ends together. make sure the end of the strand isn't sticking out anywhere. the tighter you wrap the hair the tighter the curls will be. finish wrapping up the rest of your hair and then go to bed! the rags shouldn't be too uncomfortable at all.the next morning, untie the rags gently and you should have some beautiful sausage curls.if your hair is hard to curl, use some gel or setting lotion before rolling your hair.labels: body wave, curly, hair, hairstyle, perm, style





posted by hairstyle.com at 6:03 pm
52 comments






sunday, january 15, 2006



	 
	 what your hair color says about you
	 
    


natural or colored, your hair shade affects how the world sees you... and how you see yourself.alot of our self-image is based on the perceptions of other people. you partially view yourself through others' eyes and act accordingly. that's why the color of our hair tends to stereotype us.here's the deal of what that means for all you redheads, blondes and brunettes. we've also got tips on how to keep your hair looking shiny and gorgeous, whatever the color.red hair there are very few natural redheads - only 3 perfect of the population is said to have fiery locks. for centuries, redheads have had to fight stereotypes. for many, red hair atop a female head automatically conjured images of wild women, hotheads, femme fatales, sexpots. redheaded women are often portrayed as strong, independant women. they are usually seen as feisty irish "tough girls".  "red is the new blond," says tim rogers, editorial stylist and spokesman for charles worthington hair and beauty salons in london. "she is a head-turning hybrid between the moody brunette and the bubbly blonde. she's not afraid to have fun and get noticed." red hair compliments brown which seems to be the color in fashion this season. brown hair with brown fashion can look dull, while red adds more depth and contrast. red hair also seems to have more shine, which can make your hair look more healthy and beautiful. red hair care tips accentuate the fire and shine of your red hair with color stay shampoo and hair treatments. the best way to stop color fade is by using products specifically designed for colored hair.john frieda radiant red color envy daily color sealerprice: $6.19john frieda radiant red color finish super-hold hair sprayprice: $6.19hask shine stay red shampoocleans red hair without stripping color.price: usd $4.59blonde hair  do blondes really have more fun? maybe. blonde is a happy color that reminds us of sunny days at the beach.people see blondes as having more youthful vitality than other colors, and blonde hair can make you look younger. there's a subtle correlation between youth and blondness, since babies and children tend to have lighter hair than adults.q. what is the difference between a blonde and a shopping card?a: the shopping cart has a mind of its own. she was so blonde, she stood staring at the frozen orange juice because it said "concentrate". do we still think blondes are dumb? many people say we don't anymore. the dumb-blonde jokes are old. modern blondes are perceived as powerful, independent and of course, still very sexy.  blonde hair tends to require alot of attention to keep it looking glamorous and healthy, so blondes can give off the impression of high maintenance. tigi hair care bed head dumb blonde conditionerprice: usd $15.96tigi bed head, dumb blonde reconstructorprice: $16.99tigi hair care bed head dumb blonde shampooprice: usd $9.96brown hair / brunette  brunettes project a grounded, stable image. darker colors also connote earthiness. if you are wanting a more serious, sophisticated look, try a darken brunette hair color. 76 percent of american women think the first female president will have brown hair, according to allure magazine. according to a study into hair colour and the intensity of attraction, 51% of men thought brunettes were more attractive. brunettes were described as intelligent, independent and self-sufficient. two-thirds of the men said the brunette women appeared stable and competent. women with medium-length darker hair such as sandra bullock and jennifer garner areperceived as smarter and more fun loving.  pantene pro-v brunette expressions glossing serumprice: $5.99pantene pro-v brunette expressions sleekening balmprice: $4.99john frieda brilliant brunette simply sleek straightening balmprice: $5.19





posted by hairstyle.com at 8:09 pm
35 comments






wednesday, november 23, 2005



	 
	 celebrity hairstyles - lindsay lohan at the ama's
	 
    


lindsay lohan performed at the american music awards on tuesday night. she looked so amazing with long, brunette extensions.





posted by hairstyle.com at 10:47 pm
10 comments






thursday, november 17, 2005



	 
	 our favourite hair straighteners
	 
    


the best straighteners are ceramic, as ceramic hair straighteners are less damaging to your hair than metal or aluminium. it should have at least 150 watts of power.using john frieda frizz-ease daily nourishment leave-in fortifying spray after you wash your hair, will leave your hair hydrated, enriched with vitamins and will protect against hair styling. this is especially important if you don't have a ceramic flat iron.our favourites - for under $50hot tools ceramic flat iron (2")rrp: $61.99 | on sale $49.99- suitable for any hair length, even bangs.- 170 watts of power.- ceramic plates that preserve moisture, eliminate frizz and damaging hot spots.- 10 variable heat settings.- quick heat up.click tobuy hot tools ceramic flat iron (2")revlon professional ceramic straightener, model rv045crrp: $26.99 | on sale $22.99- suitable for any hair length, even bangs.- 2" ceramic plates.- 25 heat settings.- high heat, even heat.- tangle proof swivel cordclick to buy revlon professional ceramic straightener our favourite professional straighteners  chi ceramic flat iron turbo (2")rrp: $220 | on sale $144.99 free shipping- ceramic technology for flash quick heating.- even temperature at all time.- seals the cuticle.- repels humidity.- locks in hair color and retards fading.- ceramic heat will ensure the penetration of the silk molecules to the hair.- valid, one year warranty.click to buy chi ceramic flat iron turbo (2") babyliss pro vented ceramic straightening ironrrp: $99.99 | on sale $73.99- use on dry or damp hair!- vent & channel system allows water to escape as steam.- seals in hair's natural moisture.- 200 watts of power.- easy grip handle.- one-year limited warranty.click to buy babyliss pro vented ceramic straightening ironlabels: flat iron, hair, hairstyle, straight, straightener





posted by hairstyle.com at 6:28 pm
15 comments






wednesday, november 16, 2005



	 
	 how to : the pouf
	 
    


the poufimportant: don't go too crazy with this look. keep the pouf a reasonable size!step 1 - liftstart with a two-inch square of hair gathered from the front of your head. spritz with a volumising spray from the hairline to two inches above the root.step 2 - blowdrywrap hair under and around a large round brush. blow-dry, blasting the roots with cool air - that's what sets the style.step 2 - heightenbuild volume by taking small sections of hair and teasing it toward the root. then smooth the kinked-out hair by gently combing in into pompadour form (a woman's hairstyle formed by sweeping the hair straight up from the forehead into a high, turned-back roll.)gather into a pouf and use your fingers to shape and play with the height. fasten with pins and you're good to go.source: teen people, november 2005. scanned by sammie323.





posted by hairstyle.com at 9:48 am
23 comments






monday, november 14, 2005



	 
	 celebrity hairstyles - lindsay lohan: red again?
	 
    


earlier this year we were shocked to see photos of disney-movie starlet, lindsay lohan, looking gaunt and pasty. she lost a dramatic amount of weight, rumours were she was suffering from an eating disorder.she was almost un-recognisable - her beautiful, curvy figure was practically gone and her famous red locks had been bleached. some celebrities should not mess with their natural hair color.however, i'm pleased to announce that recent photos of lindsay lohan show her sporting a much more flattering hair color.her hair was red back in september for the premiere movie awards, and just last month at a fendi store opening she was seen with a new, darker hair color.personally, we all agree red hair brings out the best of features, but this rich, chocolately brown is certainly an improvement.... as is the slight weight gain!





posted by hairstyle.com at 4:53 pm
34 comments











about me

name:  hairstyle.com 

webmaster of hairstyle.com
view my complete profile

previous posts

all about straight hair
all about curly hair
what your hair color says about you
celebrity hairstyles - lindsay lohan at the ama's
our favourite hair straighteners
how to : the pouf
celebrity hairstyles - lindsay lohan: red again?
big hair is back this season!
want beautiful curly hair?
how to avoid split ends

hair links

hairstyle.com
celebrity hairstyles
women's hairstyle photos
updo hair styles
men's hair styles
shop for hair products
hair styling accessories
hair coloring advice

beauty & related sites

bath & bodies
crush - online dating connection
jack & hill: a beauty blog

celebrity gossip websites

oh no they didn't!
pink is the new blog
the superficial

archives

november 2005
january 2006
december 2007











all content copyright  hairstyle.com 2005











