








contractors institute florida contractor school






































































































contractors institute

search


primary menu
skip to content
home
exam preparation

exam preparation

florida exam prep. brochure


florida eligibility requirements
nascla exam prep
license upgrade
endorsement


continuing education

continuing ed. brochure
join our newsletter! – continuing education
florida ce
georgia ce
massachusetts ce


specialty training

ci certified


store
student login
technical bulletins
mailing list sign-up
 





search for:



 







home

contractors institute home page


welcome to contractors institute!






			student login		






			student login inspectors exam prep		






			free to anyone - construction math webinar!		





			
			florida continuing education		





			
			building officials institute		





			
			georgia continuing education		





			
			florida examination preparation		





			
			stucco education institute		





			
			nascla exam preparation		




click here to sign up for our mailing list code talk.




			
			click here to learn how to look up your dbpr ce and renew your florida state license!		




ce: 2-hour fbc hurricane mitigation course for endorsement!
this course fulfills the requirements for endorsement candidates who needs a 2-hour course on the florida building code which includes information on wind mitigation techniques.



online 14 hour financial responsibility course-$150.50
looking for a contractor 14-hour financial responsibility course if your fico credit score is less than 660? here it is...



about contractors institute
contractors institute has been offering quality construction education in florida for over 50 years, and now we've opened enrollment to georgia contractors too. students can choose from our broad selection of exam prep and ce courses taught conveniently online or in the classroom. private seminars are also available upon request.
contractors institute students have achieved a 96% first-time pass rate for state licensing exams. that's because of our expert instructors and easy-to-learn material.
it is our mission to see that every contractor is held to the highest standards of safety and professionalism. our loyalty to these core values has led contractors institute to become the official training provider of the association of construction industry certified professionals (acicp).

please click here to view our anti-discrimination policy.

please click here to view our anti-discrimination policy.

 










american owned and operated



contact information

 
office/bookstore is located at:
15409 us hwy 19, hudson fl 34667
hours: m-f 8am-5pm saturday: 8am-1pm
classroom ( learning center) is located at:
8238 joliet street, hudson fl 34667
 
if you have any questions, please call us! we have student representatives standing by to help with all of your education needs!
email us here!
phone: 1-877-542-3673 or locally 727-861-7225
fax: 727-869-6660


 



business information

instructors and staff
see our business partners and supporters




our family of institutes

contractors institute
building officials institute
home inspectors institute
mold services institute
stucco institute
other services

fingerprint and background
contractors business services
acicp certification testing


construction industry related material

industry links and downloads
licensed contractor search


sealed cladding system
join our newsletter and discussion with codetalk@myfloridacode.com
 

map15409 us hwy 19 
	hudson, fl.
	34667 


 





					proudly powered by wordpress				





contractors institute




























