     ford dealer in ravena, ny | used cars ravena | crossroads ford ravena                             
 

                                      crossroads ford ravena        sales 518-618-4127    service 518-635-0231  parts 518-776-1422      2351 route 9 westravena, ny 12143                                 service        map        contact                       crossroads ford ravena             call 518-618-4127   directions                       new   new inventory   new ford offers   regional incentives   all-new fordpass rewards   ford protect   about the section 179 tax deduction   about custom ordering     used   used inventory   used offers   used truck offers   certified pre-owned vehicles   certified pre-owned offers   certified pre-owned program   vehicles under 20k   schedule test drive   find my car     specials   new ford offers   new ford bronco offers   new ford bronco sport offers   new ford escape offers   new ford f-150 offers   new ford super duty offers     ev & hybrid   new evs & hybrids   used evs & hybrids   understanding electric vehicles     research    2024 ford f-150   2024 ford ranger   2024 ford mustang     service & parts   service & parts   schedule your service   service offers   ford pickup & delivery   mobile service   fordpass rewards   service department   parts department   ford protect   order parts   quick quote   ford accessories   tires     finance   finance department    ford credit application   second chance financing   ford protect   should i buy or lease   ford military & first responder discount   first time car buyer program   college grad discount   quick quote     about us   about us   the crossroads commitment   careers   meet our staff   reviews     contact us   dealer information   hours & directions                     home   new   new inventory   new ford offers   regional incentives   all-new fordpass rewards   ford protect   about the section 179 tax deduction   about custom ordering     used   used inventory   used offers   used truck offers   certified pre-owned vehicles   certified pre-owned offers   certified pre-owned program   vehicles under 20k   schedule test drive   find my car     specials   new ford offers   new ford bronco offers   new ford bronco sport offers   new ford escape offers   new ford f-150 offers   new ford super duty offers     ev & hybrid   new evs & hybrids   used evs & hybrids   understanding electric vehicles     research    2024 ford f-150   2024 ford ranger   2024 ford mustang     service & parts   service & parts   schedule your service   service offers   ford pickup & delivery   mobile service   fordpass rewards   service department   parts department   ford protect   order parts   quick quote   ford accessories   tires     finance   finance department    ford credit application   second chance financing   ford protect   should i buy or lease   ford military & first responder discount   first time car buyer program   college grad discount   quick quote     about us   about us   the crossroads commitment   careers   meet our staff   reviews     contact us   dealer information   hours & directions                  




 retail customer cash 
 click here















less hassle, less time, better experience
learn more



     132 vehicles available   filter your search   basic search advanced search search by stock   basic advanced by stock      new used certified    any year  any make  any model search     new used certified    any year  any make  any model  any body style  any price search     new used      search       











custom order your ford
start custom order










shop used vehicles
view inventory










schedule service
schedule now










mobile service
learn more




      search new inventory     search used inventory            a vehicle for every lifestyle  see our full lineup of vehicles and find the one that best fits you.      mustang      mach-e      escape      edge      explorer      expedition      bronco      bronco sport      maverick      ranger      f-150      f-150 lightning      super duty      e-transit      transit      transit connect     explore all new inventory        



crossroads ford
serving ravena, ny
if there's one thing at crossroads ford we love more than the lineup of new and used vehicles in our ravena showroom, it's the excitement we get out of helping delmar, hudson and chatham drivers find their match. we take the time to explore the features that are important to you and our knowledgeable staff is here to answer all of your questions.
more about us 






ford f-series & explorer 
check out the top selling models at crossroads ford!
view inventory 




                                                         disclaimer                                              disclaimer          disclaimer          disclaimer                                                       


sales, service & parts hours     sales hours         monday 9:00am - 7:00pm    tuesday 9:00am - 7:00pm    wednesday 9:00am - 7:00pm    thursday 9:00am - 7:00pm    friday 9:00am - 6:00pm    saturday 9:00am - 5:00pm     sunday closed         service hours         monday 8:00am - 5:00pm    tuesday 8:00am - 5:00pm    wednesday 8:00am - 5:00pm    thursday 8:00am - 5:00pm    friday 8:00am - 5:00pm    saturday closed     sunday closed         parts hours         monday 8:00am - 5:00pm    tuesday 8:00am - 5:00pm    wednesday 8:00am - 5:00pm    thursday 8:00am - 5:00pm    friday 8:00am - 5:00pm    saturday closed     sunday closed        

      crossroads ford ravena if you're shopping in the albany, new york, area, visit crossroads ford ravena to take advantage of great pricing, a one-stop buying experience, and a wide selection of vehicles.   community support and awards one of our main areas of focus at crossroads ford ravena is giving back to our local community in ravena, new york. we support many local events that aid those around us who are struggling or less fortunate. our dealership has also earned the prestigious president's award three times. this honor is given by ford to several dealerships each year across the nation. in order to qualify, a dealership must have the highest levels of satisfaction, customer service, and overall experience. at crossroads ford ravena, you can find the perfect car for your lifestyle while enjoying a better experience. we specialize in creating a one-on-one focus that allows you to express your expectations and work closely with just one person throughout the process. you don't have to move through departments or talk to multiple people when you're shopping with us. instead, your salesperson can provide you with financing options, information about the latest models from ford, and service details.   top-selling new models the leading new ford at crossroads ford ravena is the f-150, a powerful full-size pickup truck that leads the segment in towing and hauling capabilities. whether you need a truck for your work tasks or to haul your weekend toys, this is a great option. however, if the f-150 can't keep up with your to-do list, take a closer look at the super duty line, which includes the f-250 and f-350. both are extremely capable and rugged, boasting high towing and hauling estimates and plenty of appealing comfort and convenient features. if you're looking for a family vehicle, test drive the ford explorer. this three-row suv has come a long way since it was introduced in 1994, showing off a unibody frame for a more comfortable ride. the ford escape is another popular suv, boasting a choice of three engine options, class-leading cargo space, and high-end tech features to keep you connected and entertained.   benefits of pre-owned you can also shop our selection of pre-owned vehicles when you visit crossroads ford ravena. many of our customers are looking to save money by shopping pre-owned, but you don't have to sacrifice quality or style when you shop with us. all of our used vehicles go through an extensive inspection process to ensure each model is ready for you to test drive and take home. we also have certified pre-owned ford models, which come with additional warranty coverage and other benefits to give you peace of mind.  even after you become a customer and purchase a car from us, we'll still be with you for any support or service needs. taking care of your vehicle can help keep it in good condition for many years, as well as ensure it's safe to drive. we have a service department staffed with skilled technicians who provide repair and maintenance services on ford vehicles. our team members also continue to support customers, even after they've left the lot.       although every reasonable effort has been made to ensure the accuracy of the information contained on this site, absolute accuracy cannot be guaranteed. this site, and all information and materials appearing on it, are presented to the user "as is" without warranty of any kind, either express or implied. all vehicles are subject to prior sale. prices include all costs to be paid by a consumer, except for licensing costs, registration fees, and taxes. ‡vehicles shown at different locations are not currently in our inventory (not in stock) but can be made available to you at our location within a reasonable date from the time of your request, not to exceed one week.             copyright © 2025 by dealeron | sitemap | forddirect privacy | privacy | additional disclosures crossroads ford ravena | 2351 route 9 west, ravena, ny 12143 | sales: 518-618-4127 |                

















                     