


golden age comics downloads, download golden age comics, golden age
		comic books 







56gd981


golden age comics on cdrom for your
			 pc or mac

support | contact us | home
				page
other sites:comic-art.com |
				comicbidz.com
				auctionspinupworld.com |
				movieposterbid.com


 
 






we are currently changing formatof our
				cdrom product family


 







 what is changing at comicsoncdrom...






we are currently re-designing our entire line of
								comicsoncdrom golden age comics.
please keep your eyes here for announcemts in spring
								2007 about our entire new line of comicsoncdrom which will have larger
								collections of comic books than our previous cdroms and with easier
								navigation..
we will also be adding many new titles from the golden
								age of comics as well as huge libraries of classic comic strips from 1904-1950
								 
 


during this transitional period we are not offering our
						cdrom product because we know you will like the new cdrom's better when they
						come out. so please check out our download site at the links in the column to
						the right.. we have 100's of great classic golden age comics available in high
						resolution for your reading pleasure.



 

meanwhile, we have uploaded a couple of free golden
								age comics downloads for you
this week we have a complete spacehawk comic story
								from target comics by basil wolverton to download. the download is an adobe
								acrobat file.
this is an adobe acrobat file and
								is 6mb.





also this week we have a
								gallery of jungle comics covers with art by golden
								age comic artist dan zolnerowich at our companion comic history site.
download them to use as your desktop graphic or just
								collect new covers each week. 
 

 

 


 recent deaths in the comic industry









jack burnley passed away last week
at 95 years old, he was the last of the great golden
								age superman artists and was one of the most heralded cover artists of dc
								during the early forties.
born in 1911, he went to work for dc comics in 1939
								and eventually become the artist who did superman stories in action comics.
								
read his biography from our companion history
								site





green lantern creator martin nodell passed away
								december 9, 2006. .
nodel was the creator of the golden age era green
								lantern and later the pillsbury doughboy. he was also a really nice guy!.
read his biography from our companion history
								site



 




 please note






please note that comicsoncdrom, pulpsoncdrom and
								electro-comics downloads are not royalty free clipart and are sold pursuant
								to the software license on each disc or in each downloadable file. they may
								not be redistributed in any manner.
we do however maintain a library of images for rental
								for use in publication projects. 
we have leased images to wizardworld.com, kitchen sink
								enterprises, eclipse comics, i-guide media, imax film productions and various
								other publishers.
our images are available in the highest resolution for
								the most important projects. please email
								us with information on your project and we will get back to you.
our imgae library covers comic books, comic strips,
								movie posters and star photos, pulp magazines, classic advertising, toys,
								games, gum cards and many other areas of collectibles or historic
								imagery.

these are just some of the types
								of images we maintain in our image archive

 






click a title below for
						downloadable comics



all top comicsamazing
					 manamazing mystery funnies avon comics
					 titlesbasil wolverton 
blue
					 beetlebulletmancaptain
					 midnightcentaur comics chamber of
					 chills classic comic strips crack
					 comics crime does not pay 
durango
					 kideerie (avon)exciting
					 comics fantastic worlds feature
					 comics fight comicsfighting
					 yank flame comicsfox good girl
					 comics frank frazetta green
					 maskhit comics jet
					 fighters jo jo, congo king jumbo
					 comics jungle comics kid
					 eternitylars of marslittle
					 nemo comic stripslost
					 worlds military
					 comics mystery men comics national
					 comics planet comics rulah, jungle
					 goddess sheena, queen of the jungle silver
					 streak smash
					 comics space bustersspace
					 crusaderspace detective spy
					 smasher steve ditko charltons strange
					 worlds target comics this is
					 war  thundatrue
					 crime comics uncle sam web of
					 evil weird comics 
white
					 indianwings comics wonder
					 comics wonderworld comics zago zegra zoot

new titles are added
						all the time..click here to see a
						video of our cdrom factory





sponsor
						sites




auctions of comic books, original comic art, monster
						magazines, gum cards, toys & much more.. 

comicbidz.com




daily auctions of movie posters, lobby cards, stills
						  and other cinema collectibles 
movieposterbid.com




the history of comicsfrom cave painting to
						  spider-man
comic-art.com










this site is ©1996-2007  graffix multimedia. all rights reserved. comicsoncdrom
				is a trademark of graffix multimedia.  no part may be reproduced
				in any form electronic or otherwise without the express written consent of the
				author of this site.



best
				online couponsbody shop couponsfeb
				25 2006 3:00 am

 

