





prometheus - home page for john deitz













prometheus

		long island






prometheus homefamily historyour hometownimmediate familyrecipesmotorcyclingmy movies






my
fibber mcgee's closet -- although i'm occasionally  
flabbergasted with email from someone who found something of interest here.

this site is under repair.  
		some sections may be weird.
contents


one of my hobbies is
 

family history and genealogy. a large-ish volume, with lots of 
information on my ancestors.

our 
			hometown -- brookhaven/south haven hamlets.  a mushrooming 
			volume which now has its own url.  it originally started with 
			just a few scenes and comment.  it's now growing to include 
			history, genealogies, censuses, cemetery surveys and more!  
			it's now, by far, the largest volume.
my immediate household & family.

my daughter runs a wonderful 
					restaurant in morrisville, vermont a target="_blank" href="http://www.thebeesknees-vt.com/">the 
					bees knees.  if you're up that way, stop in for 
					breakfast, lunch or dinner.
recipes
                        -- some of my favorites.  i like to cook, and my 
			cardiologist wished i didn't.another of my 
			hobbies (passion?) was
                  

motorcycling.  
			however, i believe i've gotten too old to safely ride anymore—i 
			found myself making bad errors in judgment and not reacting quickly 
			enough.  i've given up the bike, and it's now in the possession 
			of my son-in-law and daughter.  i much miss it!  in this 
			volume you'll find more about my bikes, including some travel logs 
			(such as harley-davidson's 95th anniversary, northern 
			england & scotland,
                  key west, canada's maritime provinces, and 
                  west to arizona). 

movies -- 
			since i retired and gave up motorcycling, i have greatly expanded my 
			interest in cinema.  i had a small collection of vhs tapes 
			which, in recent years, i have greatly expanded with dvds.  
			this link takes you to my film collection pages, including a link to 
			my online catalog 

			"the saint is the man who keeps his word and is on time." 

			elbert hubbard: white hyacinths:  as to science.  
			1907.


this year's rolex log replica watches type is mainly between the gold section, and rolex replica then when the standard with a diamond or bar scale, and last year's all-precious metals replica watches uk than first, is undoubtedly lower the replica watches threshold, but also a lot more than last year.




â© john deitz  *  
		






