















piqua, oh | official website









 















skip to main content


















create a website account - manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more.   

website sign in













    government      departments      business      community      how do i...  


 

 

 

 

 





 












search







 
 



  
 










     





 
 
 

 















 






  
 
 












 














paying bills - smarthub








parks & recreation








geopiqua (gis) & street closings










 
 














employment








request for information








permits










 
 
 

























 







stay up to date







latest news
 






  
 
 





 news
 city programs & notices




 news















city commission to consider backyard chicken ordinance 


piqua city commission will consider on first reading an ordinance to permit backyard chickens at its regular meeting on tuesday, february 18.						read on...







february 18, 2025 piqua city commission regular meeting with executive session 


notice is hereby given that piqua city commission will meet for a regular city commission meeting with executive session on tuesday, february 18, 2025, at 5:30 p.m.						read on...







city of piqua offices closed on monday, february 17, 2025 


city of piqua offices will be closed on monday, february 17, 2025 in observance of presidents' day. 
there has been a change in the published refuse schedule. refuse will be collected on monday, february 17.						read on...







city of piqua receives chamber beautification award for lock 9 park redevelopment 


the piqua area chamber of commerce (pacc) recently recognized the city of piqua for its redevelopment of lock 9 park with a commercial beautification award.						read on...







city alerts customers to high energy usage bill cycle 


the city of piqua utility business office is informing customers in the current billing cycle that statements this month may reflect higher than typical electric usage figures.						read on...







kris black sworn in as new piqua fire department assistant chief 


the city of piqua is proud to announce kris black has been appointed as assistant chief of the piqua fire department.						read on...







city commission approves contracted sanitation services 


piqua city commission on tuesday, february 4 authorized the city manager to enter into a contract agreement with rumpke waste & recycling to provide refuse, recycling and yard waste collection.						read on...







city of piqua pauses implementation of rental registration program 


the city of piqua announces a pause on the implementation of its rental registration program due to recent legislative changes in state and federal law that require additional review and consideration.						read on...







mayor & commissioners' corner open forum meetings 


notice is hereby given that piqua city commission will meet for the mayor & commissioners’ corner on wednesdays at 4 p.m. throughout 2025.						read on...







instructional guide offers tips for using new meeting software 


the city of piqua recently launched new meeting software with advanced features to best serve the city’s boards and commissions as well as residents. an instructional guide offers residents tips on using the new software.						read on...







city of piqua offers autumn property maintenance reminders 


as temperatures drop into the fall and winter season, the city of piqua offers property maintenance reminders for residences and businesses.						read on...







sign up for notifications through notify me 


with the myaccount feature, you can customize your viewing experience, sign up for notifications, and engage in information you care about.						read on...







view all news




/civicalerts.aspx


 

 city programs & notices











city commission to consider backyard chicken ordinance 

piqua city commission will consider on first reading an ordinance to permit backyard chickens at its regular meeting on tuesday, february 18.				read on...




february 18, 2025 piqua city commission regular meeting with executive session 

notice is hereby given that piqua city commission will meet for a regular city commission meeting with executive session on tuesday, february 18, 2025, at 5:30 p.m.				read on...




city of piqua offices closed on monday, february 17, 2025 

city of piqua offices will be closed on monday, february 17, 2025 in observance of presidents' day. 
there has been a change in the published refuse schedule. refuse will be collected on monday, february 17.				read on...








city of piqua receives chamber beautification award for lock 9 park redevelopment 

the piqua area chamber of commerce (pacc) recently recognized the city of piqua for its redevelopment of lock 9 park with a commercial beautification award.				read on...




city alerts customers to high energy usage bill cycle 

the city of piqua utility business office is informing customers in the current billing cycle that statements this month may reflect higher than typical electric usage figures.				read on...




kris black sworn in as new piqua fire department assistant chief 

the city of piqua is proud to announce kris black has been appointed as assistant chief of the piqua fire department.				read on...





view all news




/civicalerts.aspx


 



 
 
 





 







get connected with piqua







calendar & events
 






  
 




 meetings & events




 meetings & events










february 2025




sun


mon


tue


wed


thu


fri


sat




26
27
28
29
30
31
 1

 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 8

 9
10
11
12
13
14
15

16
17
18
19
20
21
22

23
24
25
26
27
28
 1












mon, feb 17  

city offices closed



tue, feb 18  

city commission meeting



wed, feb 19  

mayor and commissioners' corner open forum meeting







mon, feb 24  

city historic review commission  meeting



tue, feb 25  

board of zoning appeals



wed, feb 26  

mayor and commissioners' corner open forum meeting






view all events




/calendar.aspx







 
 
 








 















 






  
 



  
 







contact us







piqua city offices201 w water streetpiqua, oh 45356phone: 937-778-8300
 






  
 



  
 







quick links







visiting piqua



communications



agendas and minutes



charter and ordinances



community and economic development









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 



  
 







helpful links







home



site map



contact us



accessibility



copyright notices



privacy policy









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 
 



 












government websites by civicplus®



 
 
 












loading









				loading
			


do not show again
close
























arrow left



arrow right





[]



slideshow left arrow





slideshow right arrow









