

































































the grand island independent | breaking news | read grande island, ne and nebraska breaking news. get latest news, events and information on nebraska sports, weather, entertainment and lifestyles.





















skip to main contentskip to main content










        we are currently undergoing maintenance on some services, which may temporarily affect access to subscription accounts and the e-edition. we apologize for any inconvenience and appreciate your patience as we work to resolve the issues.
    

















-8°











 log in
                                    
subscribe






guest


logout

read today's e-edition





























news


local



wildfires



crime



state & regional



education



politics



business



nation & world



news tip




obituaries


share a story



recent obituaries



find an obituary




opinion


submit a letter



letters



editorials



columnists



cartoon




sports


huskers



preps



college



professional



danger




lifestyles


event calendar



arts & theatre



food & cooking



movies & tv



music



contests



comics



games & puzzles



play



home & garden



health



get healthy



parenting



fashion



people



pets



travel



faith



annoucements




join the community


news tip



share video



send a story



share a photo



brand ave. studios




print edition


e-edition



special sections



the independent archives




buy & sell


place an ad



jobs



tom dinsdale automotive



marketplace



shop local



public notices



today's deal




shopping


curated commerce




customer service


manage subscription



activate digital subscription



newsletter signup



subscribe



alexa flash briefing



social media directory



staff directory



contact us



help center



gift subscriptions


mobile apps


weather: live radar






facebook





twitter





youtube








© 2025 lee enterprises
terms of service | privacy policy






















































































subscribe
read today's e-edition




























                                        subscribe
                                    




























                                                    log in
                                                








welcome, guest

my account
 dashboard
 profile
 saved items

 logout







e-edition

news

obituaries

opinion

sports

puzzles

lifestyles

public notices

jobs

wildfires

dinsdale









-8°
snow
























        
        
            after a great ride, equine vet with practice next to fonner park in grand island calls it quits

doug brunk liked everything about being an equine vet. "it was never like a job. i enjoyed every minute of it. there's not a thing i didn't like about it." 

















        
        
            'waste, fraud and abuse' is a political fight older than the nation. here's what to know

pinpointing the genesis of “waste, fraud and abuse” as political rhetoric is difficult. but the concept is older than the nation: think “taxation without representation.”

















        
        
            girls state wrestling preview: northwest's harb enjoying senior season

grand island area state girls wrestling preview.

















        
        
            grand island public schools calls off school for tuesday

the national weather service extended its winter weather advisory until 6 p.m. tuesday, calling for light to moderate snow off and on. 

















        
        
            200-plus huskers named to deans' commendation list for fall 2024

more than 200 university of nebraska-lincoln students have been named to the deans' commendation list for the fall semester of the 2024-25 academic year.

















        
        
            regulation of abortion-inducing drugs one priority for those at pro-life event in grand island

another bill would direct the state board of education to develop standards for elementary and high school science classes to include basic embryology.

















        
        
            families worry after nebraska joins suit against disability protections

nebraska attorney general mike hilgers is one of 17 republican attorneys general across the country to join the lawsuit, which states that a long-held law mandating disability protections is unconstitutional.










            curated commerce
        
6 cbd topicals for potential relaxation and wellness





                
                the latest


















        
        
            grand island neighbors: obituaries for february 18

read through the obituaries published today in grand island independent. 












        
        
            what's going on in the grand island area?

wednesday, feb. 19 




















        
        
            if you're headed to omaha's eppley airfield, get ready for split concourses

getting from here to there within omaha's eppley airfield got monday when two concourses were completely separated.




















        
        
            nebraska trooper identified, among 2 killed in 'numerous' snow-related crashes monday

the state patrol said a crash occurred when the trooper and others were responding to another crash on i-80 between ashland and greenwood.





















                
                latest video



















        
        
            russia, u.s. to hold talks on ending ukraine war as kyiv presses for inclusion



















        
        
            emergency teams respond to overturned plane in toronto



















        
        
            2025 nba all-star game issues: players and fans react



















        
        
            presidents' day protesters gather in opposition of the trump administration












                
                sports
                
                    


















        
        
            schultz: 3 takeaways from the heartland hoops classic

check out ben schultz's three takeaways from the heartland hoops classic.




















        
        
            novinski leads grand island senior high swimmers at hac

novinski wins 100 freestyle to lead grand island senior high swim team at hac meet




















        
        
            state bowling tournament

the state bowling tournament brackets




















        
        
            area girls state qualifiers

the area will have 40 girls competing at the girls state wrestling tournament













                
                listen now podcasts



















        
        
            5 takeaways from the cities with the best budgeting populations | pennywise podcast

in this  episode of pennywise, host nat cardona and wallethub's milvionne chery copeland explore the dynamics of budgeting across various cities in the u.s. 




















        
        
            'snl' celebrates 50 years; pope recovering from infection | hot off the wire podcast

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.




















        
        
            tariffs rattle small businesses, an atmospheric river and religion news | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.




















        
        
            drone damages chernobyl nuclear plant; egg prices hit record high | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.














                
                life & entertainment
                
                    


















        
        
            dr. barton goldsmith: changing your environment can change your mood

a change of place can do wonders for your mood. when we are in an environment that makes us feel safe and good about our lives, it is much easier to find the peace of mind that we have within ourselves.




















        
        
            go away with ... gavin rossdale

gavin rossdale is the lead singer and songwriter for the british grunge rock band bush and an occasional actor (“the trainer,” “constantine”). he’s also the host of his own vizio watchfree+ cooking show, “dinner with gavin rossdale,” where he has conversations with guests like serena williams, brooke shields, selma blair, common and sir tom jones over meals that he prepares for them. “the challenge of this show wasn’t getting it distributed,” rossdale said in a zoom interview from his los angeles home. “it was finding the right people. everyone is assuming i was already friends with them and that’s not necessarily true. there had to be an element of risk for everyone. the food could suck. i could be dull. we could have no chemistry and have nothing to say to each other. instead, it was really inspiring to learn from all these separate individuals who've achieved so much.” for more information on bush’s concert tour, check out their website at https://bushofficial.com/tour.




















        
        
            rick steves’ europe: germany’s popular rothenburg keeps its medieval charm alive

as a young backpacker, i fell in love with the picturesque village of rothenburg, in germany’s franconian heartland. at that time, the town still fed a few farm animals within its medieval walls. today its barns are hotels, its livestock are tourists, and rothenburg is well on its way to becoming a medieval theme park.

















                
                local events
                
            









 your browser settings are preventing events from loading. more info






×
 update settings to continue…


please try the following steps to enable.


open firefox settings → privacy & security → website privacy preferences
make sure "tell websites not to sell or share my data" is not checked.
make sure "send websites a do not track request" is not checked.




open chrome settings → privacy & security → third-party cookies
under advanced, make sure "do not track " is disabled.




open edge settings → privacy, search, and services
under privacy, make sure "send do not track" requests is not enabled
open cookies and site permissions → manage and delete cookies and site data
make sure "block third-party cookies" is not enabled




open your browser settings and make sure "do not track " is disabled.




                                open your cookie preferences.
make sure "targeted advertising" is toggled on.make sure "do not sell or share my personal information" is toggled off.click save











                
                partner
                
            

















        
        
            powerhouse partnership: big auto injury attorneys, the popok firm and ‘legal af’ podcast by meidastouch network unite for justice

content by big auto injury attorneys. learn more about meidastouch network’s “legal af” podcast's new partnership with big auto injury attorneys and the popok law firm.




















        
        
            flavorful versatility, budget-friendly? surprise! it’s ground pork!

content by the power of pork. whether dinner tonight is spaghetti, tacos, burgers or even egg rolls (see recipe), ground pork can truly save the day — and your grocery bill!




















        
        
            protein packed, flavorful and lean… pork checks all the boxes!

content by national pork board. learn about the benefits of pork from registered dietitian and certified executive chef amber pankonin.




















        
        
            this sweet and savory holiday ham recipe will delight you and the whole family

content by nebraska pork producers association. pig farmer karen grant shares a wonderful easter ham recipe. 
















                
                curated commerce
                
                    


















        
        
            6 cbd topicals for potential relaxation and wellness

affiliate content. find the best cbd topicals to help you relax and rejuvenate. 




















        
        
            6 cbd oils to try for relaxation

affiliate content. find the right cbd oils to fit your wellness routine. 




















        
        
            best greens powders for 2025: a nutritionist’s top 5

affiliate. we asked a nutritionist to share their top 5 greens powder picks to boost your daily nutrient intake and support overall health.




















        
        
            auto insurance rates set to rise in 2025: how to save on premiums

affiliate content. learn practical ways to reduce your auto insurance premiums in 2025. 





























                
                local businesses
                
                    



















        
        
            e & a consulting group inc.



                                        701 o street ste 400, lincoln, ne 68508
                                    






















        
        
            russell's planter service



                                        222 ollie howard rd, new market, al 35761
                                    






















        
        
            piepers inc.



                                        p.o. box 178, york, ne 68467
                                    
















                
                print ads
                
            






















medical





        
        
            inspire chiropractic - ad from 2025-02-15
























jewelry





        
        
            bradford exchange - midwest lists and media - ad from 2025-02-15
























theater





        
        
            grand island little theatre - ad from 2025-02-14
























medical





        
        
            hearing clinic - ad from 2025-02-12
























health





        
        
            knights of columbus - ad from 2025-02-14
























theater





        
        
            grand island little theatre - ad from 2025-02-12







































×
















facebook





twitter





youtube





instagram









sites & partners


place an ad

today's deal

event calendar

newsletter signup

join our team

public notices

get healthy




services


manage subscription

contact us

advertise

staff directory

submit a news tip

become a carrier

licensing

curated commerce

dealer returns






                        © copyright 2025
                        the grand island independent, 422 west 1st st. grand island, ne 68801
                    

terms of use
|
privacy policy
|
advertising terms of use
|
do not sell my info
|
cookie preferences




                        powered by blox content management system from bloxdigital.com.
                    












notifications
settings






you don't have any notifications.



get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.

topics

breaking news

subscribe






daily alerts

subscribe































