








entomology






























                            university of georgia
                        









uga college of agricultural & environmental sciences


department of
entomology









undergraduate

undergraduate home
careers
top 10 best things about being an entomology major at uga
scholarships and awards
student work spotlight



graduate

graduate home
programs of study
requirements
application
request information



research

research home
agroecosystems, integrated pest management and applied ecology
apiculture, biological control, conservation and pollinator protection
evolutionary biology and systematics
bee program
insect-microbial interactions
molecular biology, biotechnology, endocrinology and genomics
urban entomology
vector biology, livestock and medical entomology
wetland and aquatic ecology



extension

extension home
integrated pest management
structural pest management
pesticide education
georgia pest management handbook
controlling mosquitoes



people

people home
faculty
support staff
postdocs
graduate students
alumni



about

about home
conference room schedules
hexapod herald newsletter
seminars














search





 menu










close





search












insect science is the new frontier

                    we offer a wide range of courses and research opportunities for undergraduate and graduate students. if you're interested in insect biology, learn more about our programs.
                

undergraduate programs
graduate programs












            welcome to uga's entomology department!
        
explore student testimonials




check out our quarterly newsletter to learn more about our community of students, extension scientists, and research faculty exploring the incredible world of insects.
hexapod herald newsletter








                	uga entomology research
            	

                    discover our cutting-edge research programs
                

                    browse our core areas of research and meet our contributing faculty.
                










                	watch our video
            	

                    uga entomology students have endless opportunities to learn
                

                    join us as we commit to understanding the tiniest creatures with an outsized impact on our world. 
                










                	get involved
            	

                    georgia entomological society
                

                    the georgia entomological society fosters entomological accomplishments among its members and promotes the welfare of the entire state of georgia. learn how to get involved.
                





news






caes news






caes researchers study how parasitic wasps use ancient viruses to ensure survival

01/27/25 maria m. lameiras
    



                                    
                                        supported by a $1.1 million award from the national science foundation, university of georgia entomologists gaelen burke and michael strand are seeking answers about how parasitic wasp biology has developed to use viruses passed down from parent to offspring to ensure survival. scientists have been able toâ trace the relationship between the wasps and their viruses back 100 million years. today about 55,000 types of wasps carry these types of inherited viruses.
                                    
                                








caes news






spotting trouble: how georgians can help combat spotted lanternfly

12/24/24 emily cabrera
    



                                    
                                        native to several asian countries, the spotted lanternfly (lycorma delicatula) was first detected in the united states in 2014 in pennsylvania, likely arriving via imported goods. since its arrival, the pest has spread to 15 states in the eastern u.s., now including georgia. while they do not bite or sting humans or animals, university of georgia experts stress that early detection, prevention strategies and timely interventions are crucial to minimizing the spread and impact of this pest on a variety of plants.
                                    
                                






see more news 



subscribe for updates 




request information





    	your name
        	




    	your email address
        	




    	your message
        	











		enter the letters and numbers you see below. 
		




  



















uga department of entomology




@uga.ento.dept
















                    help to continue a legacy of excellence
                

                    alumni giving enables caes to continue its mission. consider giving to the college today. 
                


    	            donate now
        	    









about caes

overview
history
administration
jobs
personnel directory
privacy policy
accessibility policy





affiliations

uga cooperative extension
tifton campus
griffin campus
































faculty/staff intranet








university of georgia




schools and colleges


uga directory


myuga


employment opportunities


copyright and trademarks


uga privacy policy


submit a complaint






#uga on

















                        © university of georgia, athens, ga 30602
                        706‑542‑3000
                    











