



















catering by mario's | philadelphia caterers pa | philadelphia pa catering company | caterers in philadelphia pa | philadelphia banquet hall pennsylvania | banquet hall philadelphia pennsylvania | wedding caterers philadelphia | birthday party venue northeast philadelphia | event catering pa























































philadelphia premier catering company(215) 722-2945











home
about
off premise catering

a la carte menus
weddings
social / corporate packages
picnic catering


emerald ballroom

available dates
wedding catering
party packages


event planning
contact
 






✕














 


 


 


 


 


 

discover our catering services 
							
call (215) 722-2945 
							catering menus 
							contact us 
							











catering by mario's

14004 mcnulty rd, philadelphia, pa 19154(215) 722-2945
email us
where clients are family

catering by mario’s has been serving the philadelphia area with quality service and great food for over thirty-five years. the business is ran by brothers, mario and john incollingo, who partner their individual expertise in food preparation and customer service to offer a full-service catering company that can provide everything to make an event successful: from food to equipment, tents, tables, chairs, linens, china & silverware, banquet staff & event planning. we cater all types of events including but not limited to weddings, engagement parties, holiday parties, corporate picnics, school events, business meetings, office parties, seminars, church events, galas, fundraisers, birthday parties, and anniversary parties. 
read more
catering special events
weddings • anniversaries • baby showers
we work with you to understand your unique visions, taking the concept of your event through to execution. our team members believe that our responsibility is to look at all aspects of the event, ensuring no detail is overlooked to create a flawless party.
off-premise catering
catering everything

let us do the planning

call (215) 722-2945
catering banquets
meetings • team buildings • corporate parties
are you getting ready for your next upcoming event? from social celebrations to corporate events, dinners, and fundraisers, you're going to need an experienced event planning company to help you create a memorable experience.
corporate event packages
for your special day

best catering company

call (215) 722-2945
catering parties
weddings • banquets • cocktail parties
every party will differ, but our caterers give you the event you've dreamed of, exactly how you imagine it. from the moment you contact us, we get to work ensuring you're able to create the event of a lifetime. we're one of the renowned event planning companies in philadelphia that caters to your needs.
our party packages
philadelphia premier catering company

let us do the planning

call (215) 722-2945





















                © 2025 catering by marios. all rights reserved. designed and maintained by rocket local™ | terms of service | privacy policy 











this site uses cookies to improve your user experience. read moreokay
























