








earth policy institute – building a sustainable future | home



































								books





								plan b updates





								book bytes





								eco-economy indicators





								data highlights





								plan b documentary





								translations















								population, health, and society





								natural systems





								climate, energy, and transportation





								food and agriculture





								economy and policy





								all datasets















								press kit





								epi in the news





								epi releases















								people in action





								plan b teams





								translations





								what you can do























								who we are





								bio of lester brown





								testimonials 





								contact us





								listserv





								lester brown birthday guestbook
















lester brown, 1966-69 administrator, iads, usda



"world on edge details the vice closing around us:  a quadruple squeeze  of global warming and shortages in food, water and energy. then it  explains the path out—and how little time we have left to take that path.  got anything more important to read than that?" —peter  goldmark, former head of the port authority of new york and new jersey,  president of the rockefeller foundation, and ceo of the international herald tribune 




                     test



			all good things must come to an end and that is true of the earth policy institute. we closed our doors on july 1, 2015. this website will continue to remain live, but without updates, for years to come. 
        	



	            plan b is a plan to replace the fossil-fuel-based, automobile-centered, throwaway economy with a new economic model. instead of being based on fossil fuels, a plan b economy will be powered by abundant sources of renewable energy: wind, solar, geothermal, hydropower, and biofuels. read more...



















                                   earth policy research |  featured release 

june 29, 2015

																	au revoir & thank you!
								                            


	all good things must come to an end, and we at the earth policy institute (epi) find ourselves sadly at the end of a road filled with many successes. with our president and founder, lester brown, stepping down at the age of 81, we are closing our doors on june 30, 2015. our awesome...


read more





								...other releases
							
may 13, 2015


																			seven surprising realities behind the great transition to renewable energy
																	

april 16, 2015


																			market forces driving “great transition” to clean energy, says new book
																	

march 05, 2015


										wind power beats nuclear again in china
								












publications | 
data center | 
press room | 
epi blog | 
get involved | 
about epi  | 


links  |  
site map






epi in the news
august 25, 2015


											review of the great transition
					
				

june 12, 2015


											lester brown in the christian science monitor
					
				

june 09, 2015


											janet larsen writes op-ed for pittsburgh post-gazette
					
				

june 01, 2015


											lester brown interviewed on living on earth
					
				

may 27, 2015


											lester brown interviewed by the daily beast
					
				

may 19, 2015


											lester brown in bloomberg business
					
				


















 sponsored by  rutgers university 



earth policy institute

earth policy institute™ is a registered mark
                of rutgers university.
                © rutgers university 













