 apex window werks: chicago window repair company       

about us
service areasillinoiswisconsinminnesotaohionyc

make a payment
finance options













window services
type
wood window
aluminum window
vinyl window
double pane window
issue
broken window glass
foggy windows
caulking
window sill, sash and frame repair
insulated glass replacement
rotten window repair
window hardware repair
service
window replacement
glass replacement
window repair
window restoration
emergency window repair
emergency glass repair
window glazing
window balance repair
placement
commercial glass
glass staircase
shower glass
view all services
door services
type
wood door
aluminum door
vinyl door
issue
caulking
service
door repair
door replacement
emergency window repair
placement
french door
patio sliding door
deck repair and replacement
screen door repair
carpentry services
view all services
brands we serve
andersen windows & doors repair
pella windows & doors repair
kolbe windows & doors repair
hurd windows & doors repair
view all brands


our aurora products
window types
tilt & turn
double hung
picture window
energy efficient windows
window shapes
custom window
arched
rectangular
round
door
tilt & turn doors
french doors 
patio sliding doors
glass
frosted glass
low-e glass 
double pane glass
triple-pane glass
tempered glass
laminated glass
aurora doors and windows
projects
full window replacement
rotten wood frame repair
window replacement
contact us
about us
service areas
illinois
wisconsin
minnesota
ohio
nyc
service areas overview
make a payment
finance optionsback to the menu
get a free estimate
(847) 557-9600



 
apex window werks -

 window repair company
complete insurance coverage and a commitment to professional craftsmanship and affordability. we don’t replace the window if we can repair it. apex window werks offers fast, reliable, high-quality, and professional service backed by a satisfaction guarantee.
get a free estimate watch the reel


 





 





 

4.71249 reviews



 

4.631 reviews


 
*disclaimertop rated window repair service in chicago, ilhappy clients11 283years in business15+jobs completed14 428average ratings4.8

 our window repair servicesat apex windows werks, we specialize in repairing all types of windows – big or small, interior or exterior. we’ll get your broken windows fixed quickly and efficiently.

window repair





whether replacing a broken window or repairing a damaged one, our team's skill and know-how can tackle any challenge, no matter how complex. with years of experience and many successful projects, we're a reliable partner you can count on for efficiency, professional craftsmanship, and exceptional customer service.

window restoration





as part of our restoration services, we can replicate and refinish any missing sashes, window units, and millwork or replace or repair any damaged pieces to restore the original look and functionality of old or deteriorated windows.

window maintenance
maximize your energy savings and extend the life of your windows with regular window maintenance! our experts inspect frames, sills, and tracks to guarantee their optimum condition. we also check for drafts and leaks and apply weather stripping and caulking to keep your windows at their best.

glass replacement





do you have shattered, cracked, or broken glass? our glass replacement services can fix or upgrade single, double, or triple-pane glass on residential and commercial windows and doors. we also have a wide selection of shatterproof and toughened glass for added strength.window installation & replacementour mission is to improve the quality of your property with superior products installed by true professionals. whether you’re repairing windows or need glass replacement, our quality work never wavers from energy efficiency to curb appeal. we do everything from glass replacement to frame refurbishment, hardware repairs, and more.
learn more about window replacement service



 
tilt & turnstills and turns windows have two sashes – each sash can be opened independently of the other.

 
double hung windowa double-hung window has two sashes (sections) that slide vertically up and down, allowing for better ventilation and easier cleaning.

 
picture windowa picture window is a window that can come in a number of different shapes and sizes and typically does not open but brings in a lot of natural light.

 1700+client reviews5
service technicians were polite and professional. they removed damaged parts of the window, cut new pieces to fit, stained the wood, and installed them nicely. the team cleaned up as if they were never there. i would recommend apex windows werks for your window repair. friends living near me ordered window repairs based on my recommendation as well.glenn kaupert chicago, il5
had someone come out to look at a few windows i’m having issues with - none of them needed a full frame replacement at the moment but the technician was incredibly kind and informative. the technician determined that replacing the entire window frame was not necessary, which saved me both time and money. i feel confident about caring for my current windows, i know what to look for to let me know replacements are needed, and i will definitely be coming back to apex when that is the case. thank you!alyssa nickow, elgin, il5
i was thrilled that apex windows werks had the right parts, and was able to come right out and repair my window on site. they were very prompt, and they saved me quite a bit of money over the replacement quote i got from another window company that didn’t do repairs.eric hoffhines, schaumburg, il5
apex experts came by quickly, were professional, and finished the estimate on the spot. the office followed up with me over the next few weeks as i wasn't ready to make a decision. i then affirmed to move ahead, they scheduled within a week. the installation crew was polite, and professional and did great work. the cost was a good value for the work done. i would highly recommend it. i'm delighted to have my two windows fixed. the one i can open again and the other i can see clearly out again.joanne couture, arlington heights, il5
apex window werks replaced the foggy glass on our kitchen window. they carefully removed the old glass pane and installed a new one, ensuring precise measurements and using silicone to secure it properly. from the first person i spoke to on the phone, to the couple of gentlemen who installed the glass, everyone was easy to talk to and they were all very professional. highly recommended!ofelia miguel, joliet, il





 schedule a virtual estimateour virtual estimates offer a more efficient, cost-effective, and accurate way to estimate projects.convenient: virtual appointments are shorter, easier, and don’t require you to stay home for an extended period of time.time-saving: you’ll receive a free estimate within 24 hours – the fastest turnaround on window repair and replacement among our competitors.
schedule an estimateask a questionwindow brands we repair
view all brands












we can solve your window problems


foggy window repair


window hardware repair
broken seal repair
mold between window panels


rotten window frame


caulking
water damage frame and woodwork repair





 
watchwe offer professional services that deal with common residential window repair problems, such as broken glass, cracked frames, and stuck windows. whether you need a few minor repairs or a replacement of an entire window to get everything into working order – our experts will ensure your windows provide adequate insulation, security, and ventilation.

 

 window repair casesrotten wood frame repairduration: 3 hrs / chicago
about the project


full window replacementduration: 5 hrs / naperville
about the project


window replacementduration: 2 hrs / chicago
about the project



before and after – foggy window repair – glass replacement
about the project



sill repair project – before / after
about the project



window mechanism repair and brick molding in elgin, il / elgin il
about the project








 looking for a window repair in chicago?our straightforward processes reduce the stress and hassle of fixing broken doors and windows. we guarantee high-quality work and excellent customer service from the first call to final approval.request a quoteset a schedulework in progressapproval of work
schedule an estimateask a questionor call us (847) 557-9600

 about apex window werksat apex, our team has all the necessary tools and knowledge to ensure that your frames, locks, glass, and insulation are in top condition. we have a long history of successful projects, having fixed foggy windows, broken seals, and more for thousands of homes and businesses. our services provide a cost-effective solution.

 
watchour experienced window installers team

stanislavwindow repair
originally from ukraine, stanislav has dedicated his professional career to glazier management and quality control. with 6 years of experience, he is highly detail-oriented and reliable, ensuring consistent results with every job.

alanwindow repair
alan is our reliable and dependable sales manager from azerbaijan. he is highly responsible and takes his duties very seriously. he has proven to be an excellent manager and is highly valued for his commitment.

dmitrywindow repair
dmitry is a carpenter from belarus who specializes in custom woodwork repairs. he is a professional, neat, and hardworking team member who takes great pride in his work.

marianwindow repair
from ukraine. more than 5 years of experience in all our areas of repairs. persistent and driven person.

sergeywindow repair
sergey is a window specialist from belarus with 15 years of experience in the industry, from manufacturing to installation. his meticulous work ensures quality and reliability on every project.door replacement & installationwe have tried, tested, and perfected new and innovative door repair and replacement methods, combining modern techniques with good old-fashioned knowledge and craftsmanship.
about door replacement service



 
french doorbesides glass repair and replacement, we also fix broken hinges, damaged locks, worn weather stripping, and faulty latching on french doors.

 
patio sliding doorwe fix door tracks, replace damaged rollers, lubricate door mechanisms, and adjust door alignment. we can also replace sliding doors and their components if necessary.we serve your areaillinois

40 miles radius
111 w marquardt dr, wheeling, il 60090(847) 557-9600auroranapervilleelginbolingbrookdowners grovelake forestvernon hillsorland parkglenviewnorthbrooklong grovebatavialincolnshirewheatonwinnetkabarringtondeerfieldgenevasaint charlesglencoeinvernesslake zurichoak brookand more!
minnesota

40 miles radius
1281 114th ave nw, minneapolis, mn 55448(612) 517-3426lakevilleapple valleyplymouthburnsvilleand more!
wisconsin

40 miles radius
200 s executive dr, brookfield, wi 53005(414) 600-1010milwaukeeracinemenomonee fallskenoshaand more!
ohio

40 miles radius
7813 1st pl, oakwood village, oh 44146(440) 571-3003
































































 have a questionplease enable javascript in your browser to complete this form.layoutfirst name *last name *layoutphone number *email *select services *window replacementwindow replacementglass replacementwindow repairwindow hardware repair & replacementwindow restorationwindow maintenancedoor repairdoor replacement / installationdoor restorationotheraddress  *address line 1cityalabamaalaskaarizonaarkansascaliforniacoloradoconnecticutdelawaredistrict of columbiafloridageorgiahawaiiidahoillinoisindianaiowakansaskentuckylouisianamainemarylandmassachusettsmichiganminnesotamississippimissourimontananebraskanevadanew hampshirenew jerseynew mexiconew yorknorth carolinanorth dakotaohiooklahomaoregonpennsylvaniarhode islandsouth carolinasouth dakotatennesseetexasutahvermontvirginiawashingtonwest virginiawisconsinwyomingstatezip codemessagecheckboxi agree to receive text messagesby providing a telephone number and submitting the form you are consenting to be contacted by sms text message. message & data rates may apply. reply stop to opt out of further messaging.submit
get the fog out

 

about
blog
our partnerslife time warranty disclaimer*only if the client lives in the same house*every 5 years have to do some small repairs to prevent damage
service areas
our additional services
greenhouse services
four-season room window & door
illinois
aurora
joliet
elgin
waukegan
minnesota
bloomington
brooklyn center
wisconsin
milwaukee
kenoshabusiness hours
111 w marquardt drwheeling, il 60090
(847) 557-9600weekdays8:00 am - 5:00 pmsaturdays9:00 am - 2:00 pmsundaysclosedprivacy policyterms & conditionsrefund policy© 2025 apex window werks. all rights reserved.created by comrade digital marketing agency






 choose your optionplease note that the selection of the appropriate estimate option depends on the nature and size of your project.virtual estimatesconvenient and time-saving way to get an estimate for your project. this option is ideal for smaller projects or situations where the issue can be easily identified through photos or video.how it worksprovide us with some details and upload relevant photos or videos.our experienced team will carefully assess the information provided.we will reach out to you with a comprehensive estimate and any additional recommendations.you can review the estimate at your convenience and make an informed decision.benefits of virtual estimaterstime-savingno need to schedule an on-site visit.convenienceget an estimate from the comfort of your home.fast turnaroundreceive your estimate promptly.
show option description



schedule an estimateon-site estimatesfor larger projects or situations where an in-person evaluation is necessary, our on-site estimates option is the way to go. our expert team will visit your location to assess the project, discuss your requirements, and provide you with a detailed estimate.how it worksour skilled professionals will visit your location at the agreed time.we will thoroughly inspect the project, discuss your needs, and answer any questions you may have.based on the evaluation, we will provide you with a comprehensive estimate and a breakdowm of the recommended solutions for each and every window you want us to checkbenefits of on-site estimates:accurate assessmentwe’ll visually inspect the project and address concerns in person.detailed discussiontalk with us in person to ensure your requirements are understood.personalized recommendationsreceive tailored solutions based on the on-site evaluation.
show option description



ask a questionsubmit your orderplease enable javascript in your browser to complete this form.layoutfirst name *last name *phone number *email *results *submitproductquantityhow it works:provide us with some details and upload relevant photos or videos.our experienced team will carefully assess the information provided.we will reach out to you with a comprehensive estimate and any additional recommendations.you can review the estimate at your convenience and make an informed decision.benefits of virtual estimates:time-saving: no need to schedule an on-site visit.convenience: get an estimate from the comfort of your home.fast turnaround: receive your estimate promptly.virtual estimatehow it works:our skilled professionals will visit your location at the agreed time.we will thoroughly inspect the project, discuss your needs, and answer any questions you may have.based on the evaluation, we will provide you with a comprehensive estimate and a breakdown of the recommended solutions for each and every window you want us to check.benefits of on-site estimates:accurate assessment: our team can visually inspect the project and address any concerns in person.detailed discussion: have a face-to-face conversation with one of our experts to ensure all your requirements are understood.personalized recommendations: receive tailored solutions based on the on-site evaluation.get on-site estimate                           


