











barbara barker realty, llc - real estate in valdosta ga













































menu




property search
auto home finder
office listings
compare my home
our agents
local information
real estate tips
my account
contact us
home











learn more










selling south georgia one yard at a time
barbara barker realty, llc
barbara barker
owner/broker
bb@barbarabarker.com
 
we are striving to be the very best real estate agency in valdosta. we aren't concerned about being the largest, just the best. our services go beyond the contract, we develop friendships. we want to give back to the community (with gratitude) all it has awarded us over the years.
we offer:
(1) residential sales
(2) property management
(3) development
(4) commercial sales & management 
(5) real estate & estate auctions
(6) farms and lot sales
(7) professional relocation
we want everyone who seeks the services of our company to feel at home by the time they enter the front door of our office. we want the interior as well as the exterior to always look it's best. we want our advertising to always be a step above our competition. most of all it is our desire for all our services to be the utmost in all aspects. it is our goal to know that every transaction we complete, we have all done our very best to serve whomever we have assisted with honesty, integrity & gratitude. a real estate purchase is one of the most important investments a client will make. therefore, it is our desire to assist clients in their search to find a property that meets their needs, insure that they are totally informed & ultimately comfortable with their decision. we also insure our sellers of the ultimate in advertising to give them the quickest sale in the shortest length of time with the least amount of inconvenience to them during the sale of their home.








contact information

barbara barker realty, llc
3901 n forrest st ext.
valdosta, ga 31605
office: 229-560-2991
cell: 229-560-2991
email office




login


existing users login here


email:

password:



            forgot password?            



  remember me
        


new user? 




















contact us
my account
property search
office listings
our agents
home
site map
privacy policy









© systems engineering, inc.






















