


home - the chicago literary club


























skip to main content










print this page
text size

scroll to top








please contact me about membershipmember loginmenuhomepapers & histories publications&published papers  papers online by author papers by subject search historiesroll of members roll of members past officers & baer fellowsexternal links directory of affiliated clubs chit chat club -- san francisc external linksabout contact us













  





meet the chicago literary club
having celebrated its 150th anniversary, our club is among chicago’s oldest and most distinguished institutions. founded in 1874, the club brings together men and women who write and present original essays on topics of their own choosing. meeting each monday evening between october and may, one member presents their work to other members gathered in person and via remote viewing.


members write on subjects from the profound to the ordinary in any genre – biography, history, language, fiction, and sometimes verse. essays cover a variety of topics from greek history to the civil war, to horse-racing, the invention of french fries and even the famous clown, bozo.


beginning just three years after the great chicago fire, the club has drawn its members from a collection of especially notable chicagoans of the time: architects like daniel burnham and louis sullivan; poet edgar lee masters; educators; lawyers including paul shorey and elmer gertz, and supreme court justice arthur goldberg; theologians like preston bradley; and inventor and nuclear physicist leonard reiffel.


today’s members continue to come from a cross section of occupations, men and women, both active and retired - teachers, business executives, lawyers, and doctors. those who make up the membership today remain committed to the club’s legacy and future, “in practice and celebration of the written word.”

links for further information:

bob jordan interview about the club on cbs morning news

bob jordan on nbc news

bob jordan on wgn midday news

bob jordan on wgn morning news

article in chicago magazine

article in classic chicago magazine

* * * * *

i am interested in the chicago literary club.



 
members may sign in at the top right for additional content.



 



navigating this page: content is available through the tabs on the left. 

the papers tab contains the papers presented before the club, which are further divided as 
published papers that have been selected by the committee on publications 
papers by author, divided alphabetically
the roll of members contains the membership roster since inception, divided alphabetically. please note that the club only has copies of papers noted with the symbol (n).








 
 
the club archives primarily consist of papers presented before the club, and are housed at the newberry library. most of those papers date from the 1930s, 1940s and later.  
 
there are also histories of the club in four major volumes and smaller occasional pieces; the roll of members includes the name and date of membership of all members from inception as well as the titles of their papers and offices held. if a paper noted therein has notation (n) following the date of presentation, it is held in the collection at the newberry. if it does not have this notation, the club does not possess a copy. the club would be very grateful for copies of any papers it does not possess -- please contact the webmaster. copies can be digital or on paper.

 

the artwork and all material on this site are ©1874-2025 by the chicago literary club, except as noted.













submenu widgetdonationssubmenu widgetgovernancesubmenu widgetresource footersubmenu widgetabout



home   |   
	contact us   |   
	copyright © 2025 - all rights reserved   |   
	terms of use   |   
	privacy policy

powered by 









