


web development free scripts, examples and resources - web.blazonry
















get best price on prepaid samsung galaxy a10e












   php   
   name generators   
   perl   
   css   
   javascript   
   java   
   mysql   
   how tos   
   resources   













home




home page archive




contact us
usage info
about web.blazonry










new articles, tutorials, scripts
excellent free ruby on rails tutorial (new)
i can't say enough positive things about an outstanding tutorial for learning ruby on rails programming: "ruby on rails tutorial: learn rails by example."  you can 
read it online for free. it's also available as a searchable pdf, screencasts, printed and kindle versions. read more of my review ...

testing google adsense ads version 2  (new)
a newer version of my free php script and tutorial for testing google adsense ads in order to help you identify 
which format of ad performs better for you and results in better click-through rates and higher revenue. the code
tests two ad formats simultaneously and gives you side-by-side results to compare the same day. this article
updates the script in testing adsense version 1 to use the new format of 
implementing google ads.  
	

it in 2018: from turing’s machine to the computing cloud
	available as a free pdf download (registration required). “few 
	it managers have the luxury of looking ahead more than a year or two. in this internet.com ebook, nicholas carr, 
	the author of “does it matter?”, takes readers on a trip one decade into the future to see how it as we know it 
	will change and what those changes mean for it professionals, hardware and software vendors, and corporations of all 
	sizes.”
	

free linux books
	there are many good, free linux books out there. i grouped them into these 3 categories to help you find books relevant
	to you: linux programming,
		linux admin, 
		linux on the desktop.
	the dividing lines between the categories are not always definitive so be sure to check out all the pages with free
	linux books if at first you do not find what you are looking for. 

free php books
	here are links to free php books. some books are for beginners and some 
	for experienced programmers working on more advanced topics.

free java & javascript books to download

	 if you are serious about java, check out the free beginning and 
	 advanced java books. these are high-quality books, not crap.  
	 also, free javascript books, too.

free perl books to download

	 list of excellent free perl books and 
	 free python books to download or read online. these
	 are not cruddy books. many were published by leading companies including o’reilly and new riders.

how to work with cookies, a javascript tutorial  (improved)

	 i just uploaded a new and vastly improved tutorial on how to save, retrieve and delete 
	 cookies using javascript. as always, includes all source code.

quote of the day php script

	 this new free php script automatically updates your web site with a randomly selected quote. 
	 	it is easy to set up and customize, and does not require a mysql database. the nature of the content and the frequency of 
	 	change are flexible. you can use it for content other than quotes and can have it update more often, or less often.
	 	a tutorial explains how it is programmed and provides download for all source code.
	

tip: check your error logs when you can't get your program or script to run

part 2 of my basic debugging techniques is about using error logs to help you debug your program or script.
	

improve your google adsense revenue

	use php to improve your google adsense click-thru rates and revenue by 
	finding better paying ad formats for your site. many articles state you should test to identify the ad formats that 
	result in the best revenue. use this php code to test formats simultaneously and start getting results the same day.
	

tips for picking a web hosting company

read tips for finding a web hosting company and improving your chances of a happy hosting experience.
	web hosting for developers has different criteria than web hosting for static html sites. a site with programming has issues that many standard web 
	hosting sales pitches fail to address. though the article is written for php web hosting, much is relevant to other technologies 
	and platforms, as well as to web hosting in general. 
		
	i wrote this article after receiving frequent emails asking for help on this subject. a search for
	web hosting tips returned many articles that were too basic and did not address important issues.
		


also see archived announcements ->>
 

 













newest pages

test google ads ver. 2
free linux admin books
free linux books for programmers
free books for linux on the desktop
free php books
free javascript books
free java books  - advanced
free java books  - basic
free perl books
free python books
quote of the day (php)
debugging part 2
how to test google ads



most popular pages
baby name generator
u.s. name generator
wu name generator
popup windows (javascript)
upload and resize an image (php)
how to install apache + php + mysql
intro to web databases (php, mysql)

least popular pages

inews applet (java)
java resources
site monitor (perl)
php resources
 				  




 
privacy policy     ||     © 1997-2016. astonishinc.com   all rights reserved.



