











love without boundaries | every child counts





























































































give
start a fundraiser
 




home
contact
who we are
our programs
ways to give or help
adoption resources
 





menu










providing healing, education, and refugeto vulnerable children worldwide










providing healing, education, and refuge to vulnerable children worldwide 







who we are


ways to help


support a fundraiser


sponsor a child














since 2003, love without boundaries has been dedicated to healing children born with heart defects and restoring hope to their families. this week, we invite you to join us in giving 10 children from uganda and china the urgent, life-saving heart surgeries they desperately need.
give the gift of a life-saving heart surgery to a child today. together, we can change 10 lives in 01 week.read more

donate














about lwb
love without boundaries is an authentic international charity that provides hope and healing to vulnerable children, and their underserved communities, through its education, nutrition, medical, and foster care programs.




who we are


lwb’s many program areas strengthen families and provide the essential services that children need to thrive. from medical care, quality nutrition, access to education, and well-monitored foster care, our programs work together to nurture and protect the most vulnerable and are only possible thanks to your support.




our programs





















every child counts





ways to get involved
there are so many ways to get involved. while financial donations are always crucial, we are always grateful for advocacy for our important work and volunteers to make it possible. we’ve also set up an easy online platform to create a fundraiser in honor of your birthday or special event to help children in our programs. together we can change the world for the good!

give



sponsor



volunteer




fund love
changing the world begins with people like you wanting to make a difference. start your personal fundraiser today for your birthday or special occasion, or create a church or athletic event, and ask your friends to get involved. get started now and change a child’s life for the better.

support a fundraiser




sponsor a child or program
you can make a difference in the life of a child through a one-time donation or monthly sponsorship. click on the below icons for sponsorship opportunities or see featured sponsorships here.



education



foster care





medical



nutrition 





child trafficking aid



special projects









instagram

instagram










who we are


ways to help


support a fundraiser


sponsor a child










sign up for the latest from lwb
get heartwarming news and uplifting stories that will put a smile on your face and fill your heart with hope.







"*" indicates required fields


email*




next




name*


first



last




back next




subscribe to*

lwb news


stories of hope blog

back sign up 












δ













about lwb
love without boundaries is an authentic international charity that provides hope and healing to vulnerable children, and their underserved communities, through its education, nutrition, medical, and foster care programs.



online donations
check donations
po box 1861
lowell, arkansas 72745
contact us


accountability
accountability & financial policies
financial statements
annual impact report
news & info
blog
news & media


search
search for:search button

connect




 facebook  





 x-twitter  





 instagram  





 pinterest  





 youtube  





 rss  










			©2025 love without boundaries. all rights reserved. website designed & developed by back40 design.
			privacy policy












































