



tudor place


welcome
to my tudor court

"the english
reformation was not merely a religious event; it was also a social one. while
the spiritual mould of the middle ages was shattered, a corresponding
revolution, no less complete and no less far-reaching, occured in the structure
of secular life and the seat of power. the knights and ecclesiastics who had
ruled for ages vanished away, and their place was taken by a new class of
persons, neither chivalrous nor holy, into whose competent and vigorous hands
the reins, and the sweets, of government were gathered..."

"elizabeth
and essex"


lytton strachey      



 

      henry vii










elizabeth
      of york



son of two illegitimate branches of the
royal tree, the first tudor had to his ascent to the capricious circumstances that surrounded the fight of
two powerful families of the kingdom by the throne to which both had equal right. the
war of the roses flowed the blood of eighty royal princes, and with them nearly all the
old english nobility. in thirty years the country saw twelve large battles and a great number of partial struggles; and four
kings of one or another faction were replaced in the throne. the only surviving 
male representative of the house of
lancaster, henry tudor became king by the force of his sword, but as the bastardy of
his origins was making more legitimate the claim of his rivals, he married
elizabeth of york, the eldest daughter of edward iv, the most illustrious member of the rival house.
by this way the war ended, joining the two dynasties under the empire of the
tudor rose. 








catalina
      de aragon



anne
      boleyn




jane
      seymour





henry viii







anne
      of cleves




catherine
    howard




catherine
      parr


 the throne was no longer an uncertain place for henry viii; he was the second 
king of
his dynasty, with legitimate right to be in that place... and his son would be the
next...



henry
      fitzroy








edward vi









mary i







jane
grey
elizabeth i of england shares with august,
charlemagne, saint louis and louis xiv, the unusual privilege of have given
their name to their century. it is perhaps the only one woman, together with catherine ii of russia, that is located in the reduced circle of the large figures
of the history. there are numerous the biography, novels or films that she inspired. yet, few personages have let to the posterity an image with greater contrasts, but complex and enigmatic.
"i know i have the 
body of a weak and feeble woman, but i have the heart and stomach of a king" 
(tilbury speech, 1588) 


  
elizabeth 
      i

to be a king and wear a crown is a thing 
    more pleasant to them that see it, than it is pleasant to them that bear it.
    

i were content to hear matters argued and 
debated pro and contra as all princes must that will understand what is right, 
yet i look ever as it were upon a plain tablet wherein is written neither 
partility or prejudice. 

there is no jewel, be it of never so rich a 
price, which i set before this jewel; i mean your love. 

though god hath raised me high, yet this i 
account the glory of my reign, that i have reigned with your loves. 


i have ever used to set the last judgement day 
before mine eyes, and so to rule as i shall be judged to answer before a higher 
judge. 

you may have many a wiser prince sitting in 
this seat, but you never have had, or shall have, any who loves you better. 


it is not my desire to live or to reign longer 
than my life and reign shall be for your good

(golden speech, 1601)
 
want 
to see my tudors?

tudor ancestors:

plantagenet
the white rose 
- the red rose
beaufort
- tudor


tudor england peerage 

elizabethan peerage 
      - old titles and some irish peerage - gentry

and more:

who's who in tudor
history -
life in tudor times
 movies and television - 
books


architecture - maps
links of interest
i want to know what you think:

e-mail me





to berele catz, who 
always will be a part of this project!

your friends will miss you!
about
me

