













the gallery of thrift store art









































gallery
        news






nine
            new paintings can be viewed in gallery xv 
           and the recently opened gallery
            xvi. ten additions to the marsha downey collection are 
           shown in gallery xi plus
            one virtual donation on loan in gallery vi.




from
            february 1st, 2006 - february 28th, 2006 a portion of my collection 
           was on loan to the textillery gallery/buskirk-chumley
            theater in downtown bloomington, indiana. i am pleased to 
           report that the show was a smashing success, and the paintings looked just
            as great as my brea, ca show.




the
            gospel is spreading! it appears that a piece of thrift
            store art was used in the 2004 pottery
            barn catalog. could there be a gap ad in our future?




new
            zealand comic strip genius roberto corona was so inspired by my site 
           that he based an episode of his "life in heck" strip on on 
           it, aptly titled "ugly man in dress".
            you can also read my correspondence with 
           roberto regarding the strip. see ya' in the funny pages!




recent
            additions resulting from the work of 
           our the thrift store art donation 
           outreach committee include "woman
            without a body", "j.c.
            trucker", and "the
            unknown saint" (thanks kurt!). budding
            philanthropists are encouraged to make
            a donation to the gallery.




 
























new
    paintings

the paintings featured below include five 
   recent purchases, a piece from the newly acquired helen lorna 
   collection, a representative painting from the marsha
    l. downey collection, and a ringer which probably shouldn't even 
   be here..... for a complete tour of all new works which have been 
   added to the collection since january 
   2006, please see gallery
    vi, gallery xi,
    gallery xv, and the newly opened gallery
    xvi.



































continued thanks to the gracious gallery 
   benefactors who donated 
   the following paintings:







(virtual donation)



(virtual donation)



 




(virtual donation)









insert introduction here
    ...

i'm not sure which one of my relatives i got the 
   "packrat" gene from that causes one to search for, acquire, 
   collect, and endlessly accumulate the meaningless objects cast off by 
   society, but i have a suspicion that it came from my maternal 
   grandfather who owned a paint and hardware store for almost thirty 
   years. according to family lore, he once sat on more than 10,000 
   bolts tucked away in storage for almost a decade until he finally 
   found the one guy who had the 10,000 corresponding matching nuts 
   looking to make a deal. in spite of my impressive ancestry, financial 
   and space constraints have forced me to limit my current purchases to 
   artwork. i mean, really; how many kitschy 50's dish sets, "incredibly
    strange" albums, pee
    wee herman dolls, old bowling trophies, or pulp-fiction
    paperbacks does one person need?

i have been collecting thrift store paintings and 
   "naive" art since i moved into my first apartment years 
   ago, but i think that it was the exhibition of jim
    shaw's collection at the world
    tattoo gallery in 1992 or so that really 
   kicked me into overdrive. my tastes run towards the more unusual or 
   poorly executed pieces, and my standard reply when people ask what 
   type of art i collect is, "anything old or weird". although 
   i long ago ran out of usable wall space to display my collection, the 
   thrill of the hunt still has me happily digging through dozens of 
   dusty paintings at thrift stores and flea markets in my quest for the 
   ultimate "masterpiece". the indescribable feeling i get 
   with each new treasure unearthed has led to the creation of the 
   thrift store art "galleries" you find here.

for a basic primer on thrift store and bad art i 
   highly recommend jim
    shaw's outstanding book on the subject, "thrift
    store paintings" (now available in paperback). the
    museum of bad art also has a seminal cyberspace gallery for 
   further enlightenment regarding aesthetics of the genre. vito, the 
   mad genius behind badart.com at one time put together as fine a site 
   as anyone could hope for, and his devotion to the hobby was an early 
   inspiration for these pages. unfortunately, a renegade isp has walked 
   off with his domain name and "vito" can only be found these 
   days in his residence at eddiebreen.com.

if you're not quite sure what sort of "art" 
   could be found in a thrift store for less than $25, if you're a 
   serious art historian, or if you listen to opera frequently, then you 
   should probably visit the
    louvre or something.






the galleries








gallery i



gallery ii



gallery iii



gallery iv



gallery v



gallery vi





gallery vii



gallery viii



gallery ix



gallery x



gallery xi



gallery xii





gallery xiii



gallery xiv



gallery xv



gallery xvi


 











links

anyone interested in folk art, outsider art, raw art, 
   thrift store art, bad art, or art brut would be well advised to check 
   out bill swislow's excellent interesting
    ideas for everything you wanted to know 
   about roadside art, hand-painted gyros signs, don knotts, and a wide 
   variety of other interesting topics. his list of 250+ outsider
    art links is a great place to start looking for other genres 
   related to thrift store art. unfortunately, "bad science fiction 
   women" and the horrendous "cat boy" at another nicely 
   done thrift store art site with about 20 to 30 well-chosen paintings 
   is now unavailable. however, bert c.'s "weird,
    strange & just plain bad art" is still up and running 
   for all to enjoy. more stinkers can also be found at the ohio
    bad art guild, a kindred site which i recently discovered.

not yet available via the internet, any future 
   european travelers inclined towards the more highbrow cousin of bad 
   art/thrift store art, should not miss visiting the
    museum of art brut's collection of 
   "outsider/self-taught" paintings in lausanne, switzerland. 
   also, john maizels, editor of raw
    vision magazine, has published a 
   comprehensive book on outsider/folk/visionary/self-taught art called 
   "raw creation".

as curator fred beshid of the
    museum of fred states, "the goal of 
   (our) museum is to increase the boundaries of the art world because 
   making art is too important to be left only to art 
   professionals". while not technically a thrift store art site, weirdgardens.com 
   is worth a visit just to see the photos of timmerman daugherty's 
   home, complete with more than a few thrift store paintings. one of my 
   new favorite sites, mount
    lehman llamas barn art must be seen to be believed! and i quote, 
   "we have a different situation than most galleries as there are 
   llamas wandering in and out all of the time". for related 
   artistic endeavors, visit cropart.com's
    artist gallery, a site "dedicated to the beauty of seeds 
   pasted on a board to make a picture".

while i have it on good authority that noted outsider 
   artist eddie breen uses only 
   the blandest and most boring examples of thrift store paintings for 
   his "piggyback" art, i'm not sure if i can say the same for 
   razen cain. from the one work available for viewing at bonnie
    burton's absurd auctions, it appears mr. cain is not so 
   selective. while not exactly an art collector per se, will louviere 
   does share my "thrift store aesthetic", and his most 
   excellent show and tell music 
   is one of my favorite sites.

gwynne turkington has put together a (long overdue) 
   site specializing in art created by business owners at her site 
   dedicated to "store
    art". as she states on her introduction page, "it is 
   the intention of this site to glorify the wonders of the fine art 
   community within the business community. this site hopes to promote 
   understanding between artists, businesses, and community". well 
   said, gwynne....

jeff bagato has put together a great collection of 
   paintings on his panicresearch 
   site, and even though i'm very happy with my collection, of course 
   viewing someone else's treasure-trove just drives me insane with 
   jealousy!!! "girl
    with gun", "rock
    and roll forever", and the romeo
    taylor paintings are out-of-this-world...as they say, "the 
   grass is always greener"....

bill davenport, you rule! the time has finally come to 
   turn the world on to bill's
    fabulous collection of thrift store art.

as always, you can still access my neglected hallowed
    hall of the ouija.



"bad art, while often quite bad, is much 
   better than no art at all"




