

mark christian's home page







 to mark christian's home page mark@genloc.com

     the kong sverre


about me






i am a genealogist who, in addition to researching my own heritage, also researches people of norwegian heritage in central iowa. in addition i transcribe story county, iowa records and coordinate the story county iagenweb project site, part ot the usgenweb project. 





family research sites (public)




ancestors of mark christiani have researched my ancestors through each line. published here are up to 10 generations. major surnames include addison, buttry, christian, and jondahl.
descendants of christian christiansonchristian christianson was my paternal great-great grandfather who emigrated from norway in 1847. i am researching his descendants and ancestors. documented here are the first four generations. private data about living people is suppressed.
jondahl families in americahenrik underhaug of jondal, norway is the progenitor of many of the jondahl families in america. his son, hans jondall, was my paternal grandmother's father. i have researched his descendants and ancestors.



jesse cox heritage jesse and thursey cox were my great-great-great grandparents. jesse was born about 1792 in north carolina and lived in the ashe county area until migrating to russsell county, virginia. this site includes research notes and four generations of his descendants. i also maintain a mailing list for people researching jesse cox.
descendants of robert buttrymy great-great grandfather, robert buttry (aka buttery) was of the buttry/buttery families of southwest virginia and northeast tennessee. the parentage of robert has never been established, but it seems likely he is related to the buttrey/buttry families of northwest north carolina.





family research sites (private)
descendants of christian christiansonthis private site contains information about living descendants of christian christianson and thus is open only to family members. if you are a descendant and wish access please contact mark christian.
jondahl families in americathis private site contains information about living descendantsof henrik johanneson from jondal in the hardanger area of norway and thus is open only to family members. if you are a descendant and wish access please contact mark christian.

specialized research sites
story county iagenweb projectthe researcher of people who lived in story county, iowa will find a lot of help here including census and vital record data..
norwegian heritage in central iowathius site is dedicated to the research of the people and history of those of norwegian ancestry who lived in story county, iowa and surrounding counties.                                                                         (1)
















