


graphic tribe tattoos • dali’s tattoo studio [tokyo » shibuya » ebisu] | home page





























graphic tribe tattoos • dali’s tattoo studio [tōkyō » shibuya » ebisu]
dali’s tattoo studio home page




contact
about
facebook
instagram
sitemap

日本語


 


welcome!
graphic tribe is dali’s tattoo studio, located in tokyo, japan.
black and gray
specialized in black and gray, fine-line, realistic designs, prolific in tattooing styles such as portraits, biomechanics, lifelike floræ and faunæ, compositions, dragons and kitsch art, but also having a vast experience in tribal and lettering tattoos.
custom designs
all tattoos are based on unique, original, custom designs, drawn from scratch for each and every client. flash catalogs are never ever used or —to put it simply— we don’t need no stinkin’ flash!
this website
starting with detailed information about the studio system, contact details and an extensive faq section, and ending with a photo gallery containing more than one thousand two hundred or so tattoo pictures grouped in several collections, this website aims to provide all the information you need for a thorough research and decision regarding your first/next tattoo(s), as well as an enjoyable visit for those of you “just looking”.
for a complete table of contents, please refer to the site map.


thursday, february 13, 2025
current waiting period for appointments: 1–1½ months for weekdays; 2–2½ months for weekends.

keep an eye on the updates through the official facebook page and my instagram.



system info

working hours: 12:00 to 21:00
day off: not set
by appointment only
required age: 20


more info: guide page (working hours, appointments, prices, hygiene), faq…



contact info

address: shibuya, ebisu 4-10-8, ebisu building, room 302
map: google maps
e-mail: 
tattoo@graphictribe.com
(cc to: dali.rau@gmail.com)


more info: contact page…



photo gallery

portraits, biomechanics, compositions
dragons
floræ & faunæ, kitsch art
tribals (trigons, tribal rings), letterings


more info: gallery index…
updated: february 3, 2025



latest additions to the photo galleries











retakes











for approximately 1734 more samples, have a look at the galleries…


news

february 16, 2022
you can find all update announcements, work-in-progress sneak peeks and other up-to-date info on my official facebook page and instagram.
(my personal facebook page)


february 9, 2022
i’ve added 21 more pics to the galleries.
a few years old works, in the biomechanics, kitsch art, floræ & faunæ, lettering, compositions and trigons sections.
i got more coming up…


february 6, 2022
first batch of 20 pics have been uploaded to the galleries.
older works, in the portraits, kitsch art, floræ & faunæ and lettering sections of the photo gallery.
more coming in the following couple of days…


january 20, 2022
i’m getting ready to bring all my websites —including facebook and instagram— up to date.
i’ve decided to shut down the old weblogs; they have become irrelevant and too tedious to maintain.
stand by for a proper update…


 
copyright © ⅿⅽⅿⅹⅽⅲ • ⅿⅿⅹⅹⅵ dali @ graphic tribe tattoos. all rights reserved.

