














home | superior court of california | county of mendocino







      skip to main content
    

 



skip to main content.







judicial branch of california




supreme court


courts of appeal


superior courts


judicial council







































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































county of mendocino



 

 







home



forms & filing
 




atty/investigators/experts


bail schedules


e-filing


fee schedule


forms packets


local forms



forms & filing
 







self-help
 




restraining orders


divorce and legal separation


child custody and parenting time


child support


guardianship


small claims




name change


gender recognition


how to reschedule a court date in a family law case


more topics



self-help
 







divisions
 




civil


collaborative courts


care act


adult drug court


behavioral health court


family dependency drug court




criminal


family


family law


child support (title iv-d)


adoptions


family mediation


family law teco / guardianship




jury service


reporting for service


postponements


request to be excused from jury service


disqualification from jury service


employer / employee information


work certificates


jury scams


jury service faq




juvenile


probate


probate court investigator


guardianships




small claims


traffic


resolving your citation


pay your fine / bail


traffic violator school


correctable violations


failure to appear or pay


pleading not guilty / contesting your citation


request for fine reduction





divisions
 







general information
 




ada / access to the court


court records requests


careers with the court


court operations


about the court


court budget


courtrooms


court administrative records


civil grand jury


court holidays


judicial assignments


procurement


security




court reporters and transcripts


court rules & orders


interpreters


locations & contact info


locations and contact information




media information



general information
 






court case information portal



 translate
 


english


español







 translate
 


english


español





search


 search














warning: 


bogus phone calls, emails on jury service may lead to fraud.  if you receive a phone call, text, or email notifying you that you’re in big trouble for failing to show up for jury service, be suspicious.  it’s probably a scam.  visit our jury scams webpage for more information.


 











 






welcome to the
mendocino county superior court





jury service

 




traffic tickets

 




self-help center

 




case info, hearings, online payments

 














care act



information, forms, and resources to assist with filing a care application












e-filing



electronic filing is available to most court filing parties and their attorneys.












tentative rulings



tentative rulings are available after 3:00pm on the court day prior to the hearing.












remote appearances



the court uses zoom for remote appearances by video and telephone.












restraining orders



information, forms, and resources to assist with filing and responding to a restraining order












court information portal



use this portal to view case information, scheduled hearings, purchase copies of documents, and pay criminal and traffic fines and fees online.












ex parte decisions / emergency orders



the court will review requests for ex parte / emergency orders daily between 10:00 a.m. and 12:30 p.m. 













locations









                                    ukiah - mendocino county courthouse
                              


100 north state street
ukiah, ca   95482



directions, telephone numbers











                                    fort bragg - ten mile branch
                              


700 south franklin street
fort bragg, ca   95437



directions, telephone numbers












public announcements









february 4, 2025


                                    notice of public meeting
                              


the superior court for the county of mendocino will hold a public meeting at the location, date, and time stated below, for the purpose of considering the appointment of a retired annuitant to fill a critically needed position consistent with government code section 7522.56(f)(1). 



public notice and agenda











january 13, 2025


                                    jjdpc meeting on february 14
                              


the juvenile justice and delinquency prevention commission monthly meeting is scheduled for friday, february 14 from 12:00 to 2:00pm.  remote meeting access is available.  visit our jjdpc webpage for the location, agenda, and more information.



jjdpc website











september 16, 2024


                                    mendocino superior court welcomes chief justice guerrero and senate pro tem mcguire
                              


on thursday, september 16, mendocino county superior court welcomed california chief justice patricia guerrero and senate president pro tempore mike mcguire to the ukiah courthouse.  the chief justice was joined by administrative director of the courts, shelley curran, and office of government affairs director, cory jasperson.  senator mcguire’s district director, kerrie linbecker, also joined in the visit.



press release











april 2, 2024


                                    court plans to launch a juror compliance program
                              


mendocino superior court jury commissioner kim turner states, “the lack of response by potential jurors is alarming and impacts our ability to adjudicate cases, especially criminal cases. this situation has become so dire the court has no choice but to set up a compliance program that will compel a better rate of response from potential jurors.”



press release











february 23, 2024


                                    join the juvenile justice and delinquency prevention commission
                              


mendocino county superior court seeks applicants to join the mendocino county juvenile justice and delinquency prevention commission (jjdpc).  the jjdpc seeks to promote evidence-based resources and services that can assist youth in avoiding contact and involvement with the justice system.



press release

















administrative


website usage policy


ada policy


careers






attorney resources


case index


court calendar plan


court rules and orders






california court


california courts self-help center


find my court






public resources


court records requests


court reporters & transcripts


media information












superior court of california
county of mendocino










judicial branch of california




privacy


terms of use


© 2025

















