


eidelblog























our patron saint,frédéric bastiat

eidelblog
defending individual liberty against the tyranny of government.
truth, justice and the american way: liberty without compromise.
life, liberty, and property do not exist because men have made laws. on the contrary, it was the fact that life,liberty, and property existed beforehand that caused men to make laws in the first place. - frédéric bastiat

perry eidelbus,der eidelbloggerwestchester,new york






tuesday, december 02, 2014



	 
	 two years later
	 
    


i was thinking that tomorrow will be two years since my last picture of a rockefeller center christmas tree, and two years and a few weeks since i posted it. like a few of my friends, i shifted toward facebook in the last couple of years, and i wonder with the advent of facebook and tumblr how many active blogspot blogs there still are. though there isn't a blog-like ability to insert pictures in precise places and incorporate text formatting, it's easier to read everyone's posts and comments, and rather than individual single streams of posts, discussions are much more interconnected.

a few on facebook showed, for one motive or another, that they tried finding out more information on me. the eidelblog is, of course, no longer the top search result for my surname. i see the top few are the liar's entries about me. ah yes, the petty little coward (his own chosen name "captious nut" fits him) probably still thinks american idol isn't manipulated. time doesn't permit me to debunk all his lies one by one, nor should i bother anyway, but what honesty can be expected of him when he posts a purported photo of me, which he supposedly got from a schoolmate of mine, that obviously isn't? and it's all because of several years ago, after i attempted to show him the truth of american reality tv. all he could do was become indignant, start spreading lies about me behind my back, then even libel my wife, no doubt from a latent racism. maybe there was some filipina he pursued long ago, but her family wouldn't accept him as good enough, especially when they realized his duplicitous nature. is it any surprise he doesn't post his real name? one has to wonder if anything he posts about himself is true at all.



posted by perry eidelbus at 
     4:28 pm 
5 comments

       




tuesday, december 25, 2012



	 
	 the 2012 rockefeller center christmas tree
	 
    


last year i was so busy that i didn't get a picture for the first time in years. this year (three weeks ago) i did manage to get a good shot, good enough i didn't have to do my usual fine rotation and crop.





posted by perry eidelbus at 
     1:14 pm 
0 comments

       




wednesday, december 19, 2012



	 
	 how green was my valley, how profitable was my bailout
	 
    


i wrote a long time ago, "if you want to know how well an american automaker bailout will go, look no further than aig." let me merely provide this link, and you can judge the accuracy of my prediction. it wasn't hard.

"there is a strong family resemblance about misdeeds, and if you have all the details of a thousand at your finger ends, it is odd if you can't unravel the thousand and first." ("a study in scarlet")

or in the case of government bailouts, when they all go badly for the taxpayer, why should the next be any different?



posted by perry eidelbus at 
     9:52 pm 
0 comments

       




saturday, november 03, 2012



	 
	 even panic must give way to reason
	 
    



that's what i told someone last night at a gas station.

starting yesterday, people up in putnam county started going crazy that there would be no more gas. like an unfounded run on a bank, there was in fact enough underlying commodity to meet normal demand, but people's panic brought the business down.

there was plenty of gas, and no lines, at exit 7 on i-84, where we were headed anyway to kill time and get hot food at stew leonard's.

city residents aren't en masse going to go as far as danbury, brookfield and new milford. maybe a few will be so irrational, but most won't, since it costs too much gasoline and time just to get a bit of gas. so many people are gullible enough to believe what they see on the news, such as one evening program showing a picture of someone siphoning gas from his suv to use in his generator. that wasn't "desperation" as the news claimed -- that was simple practicality. that man wasn't going to spend a few gallons of gas when he had extra right at home.



posted by perry eidelbus at 
     11:44 am 
0 comments

       




friday, november 02, 2012



	 
	 the new word for incompetence and laziness: nysegian




as a friend put it, "they put the con in coned." so when you've been screwed by someone on repairs that should not have taken anywhere near that long, you can say, "i've just been conedded."

the slow pace of repairs after hurricane sandy is beyond absurd. on facebook, eyewitnesses have reported on what the news won't touch: nyseg and coned simply aren't doing the work. out-of-town repair crews were brought in before the storm, but they were sitting in their rooms at the westchester marriott, not having been given any orders to work on. fifty workers were spotted hanging out at the eveready diner in brewster, having been told to go out and await orders, but the orders never came.

i haven't seen a single crew in my neighborhood, but they've been around. the first time was to cut down a tree, which had taken down a power line, then drag it across the street so it blocked the opposite lane. for the life of me, i still can't figure this out. someone later came by to remove the tree.

in the last four days of driving around upper westchester and lower putnam, i've seen working crews a total of three times. tuesday and wednesday, the same crew was working on the same intersection near putnam hospital center: four to direct traffic, three to drive three crane-equipped trucks, and six more to stand around and drink coffee. wednesday, i saw another crew driving down drewville road. i don't know what they were going to work on.

today, i didn't see any crews. this morning i did see a nyseg truck parked by the roadside on stoneleigh avenue, work flashers going. he was eating something.

this, ladies and gentlemen, is the inevitable result of having to rely on public utilities -- entities that are given a monopoly by government, eliminating them from worries of accountability to their customers.

think of the business motivational poster with a handshake, captioned, "if we don't take care of the customer, someone else will." nyseg and coned's motto is, "if we don't take care of the customer, who else will they turn to?"




posted by perry eidelbus at 
     12:46 pm 
0 comments

       




friday, october 26, 2012



	 
	 reuters: show weeping and wailing at the terrorist's funeral
	 
    


there's little audacity like the pro-terrorist bent of mainstream media. israelis are constantly attacked with rockets, with home invasions, with suicide bombings. when israel retaliates and gets one, reuters features a picture of that bastard's funeral.





posted by perry eidelbus at 
     3:27 pm 
0 comments

       




sunday, october 14, 2012



	 
	 may tony bennett have many, many more years
	 
    


his rendition of "god bless america" a few minutes ago blew me away. at his age, he can still sing with more purity than most "artists" out there. as the announcers just said, "wasn't that something?" "i was thinking the same thing!" "to still hit notes like that."

now i have to pull out my billy joel "live at shea" dvd just to hear their duet of "new york state of mind."



posted by perry eidelbus at 
     10:57 pm 
0 comments

       







	 
	 how about a big bird segment on not stealing from other people?
	 
    


having no shame, democrats made a campaign commercial featuring big bird. truth would be big bird saying, "what if you really liked mr. hooper but never wanted to buy anything from him, but some people make you buy things from him so mr. hooper can have his job? doesn't that sound good? but what if you wanted to buy something else? and if you have to buy from mr. hooper, that means you can't buy from someone else, and the other guy hurts in his business." big bird could then explain that it's stealing to take money from people against their will, even if you would spend the money on a good thing, or spend the money very efficiently.

for adults, big bird could go on to say that the problem stems from a social situation, typically called "government," in which some people are compelled to pay for the goods and services enjoyed by others. that it doesn't matter how the government is created or who runs it, or that "most" of "the people" support what it does, it's still stealing from people who wanted nothing to do with funding or spending.

and putting another thing in sesame street terms, in the end, while mr. snuffleupagus was finally revealed to be real, there is simply no inexhaustible supply of rich taxpayers that liberals keep talking about as the solution to trillion-dollar deficits. supporting all the mr. hoopers, who'll gladly vote for a government that ensures their shops stay open, mean less money to go to the businesses where gordons and lindas work.

here is the entire problem in a yahoo comments exchange. the obama supporter's reply is no better depiction of the collectivist mindset, while m's way is that of freedom and truth. if you think something's so good, then you give your own money -- or is it really not that good, that you must force others to give their own money?





posted by perry eidelbus at 
     1:59 pm 
0 comments

       




thursday, october 04, 2012



	 
	 the perpetual lie that the federal deficits come from cutting taxes
	 
    


tonight, the golfer-in-chief wanted to blame the deficits on everything except the occam's razor answer: that the government is simply spending more than it's taking in. meanwhile, he again took false credit for ending "the war in iraq."

it's true that george w. bush and the 110th congress were responsible for this country's very first $1 trillion deficit. obama and subsequent congresses didn't start it, but they haven't had to keep the pedal to the floor. the 2009 deficit included obama's $787 stimulus, but what is the excuse now? blaming it on falling tax revenues would be an outright lie, since we can see they were up slightly in 2010.

this article from the christian science monitor is a good look at the liberal mythology that the post-clinton tax cuts gave us the deficits today. the first part is clear: the cbo extrapolated from the tech bubble of the 1990s, figuring tax receipts would continue to come in faster than congress was spending.

now what about those tax cuts?

then there were the tax cuts. president george w. bush instigated most of these, but president obama also pushed through congress a payroll tax cut intended to pump money into a moribund economy. tax cuts accounted for a further $2.8 trillion of the $11.7 trillion discrepancy. (yes, the big kahuna here is mr. bush’s 2001 reduction in income-tax rates, which alone accounts for about $1.2 trillion in revenue foregone over the decade.)
but that's only $120 billion a year. in other words, the tax cuts were only one-quarter of the typical gwb-era deficit. clearly, restoring higher tax rates -- on everyone, not just "the rich" -- won't cure the deficit.

in fact, it's been calculated that revoking the "bush tax cuts" would bring in only $70 billion annually from the top 2% of federal income taxpayers. this clearly shows that the tax cuts benefited $50 billion annually on the "non-rich," and this plain fact demolishes the argument that only "the rich" benefited from the tax cuts. in fact, it shows clearly that "the rich" benefited less from tax cuts for the kind of taxes they pay.

note that as an anarcho-capitalist, i completely oppose all taxation. i'm merely pointing out what happened with the tax cuts and what would happen if they were revoked, and most importantly, that so many americans swallow the lies that "the rich" don't pay enough in taxes, and if only "the rich" paid more.

walter williams: "because of the earned income tax credit, most of america's poor pay little or nothing. what the tax policy center calls working class pay 3 percent of all federal taxes, middle class 11 percent, upper middle class 19 percent and wealthy 67 percent."



posted by perry eidelbus at 
     12:11 am 
0 comments

       




wednesday, october 03, 2012



	 
	 mta construction taking longer than it should -- is anyone surprised?
	 
    


i'm not.

the escalator from grand central north to madison avenue routinely breaks down, as does one of the escalators at the white plains metro-north station. i've seen five workers when the latter happened: two talking to each other, one standing around, one showing his cell phone to an mta policeman, and the fifth actually making repairs.

by comparison, last week i saw only one repairman was needed to work on an escalator at the white plains galleria mall. it was no small repair, either. this burly, 50-ish guy was pulling entire plates out by himself.

the difference is clear to any thinking person. as milton friedman said, when you spend other's people money, you don't care how much you spend, and when you spend money on other people, you don't care what you spend it on. every morning for a few years, i'd shake my head after noticing the "work" on the bridge at the chappaqua metro-north station. i didn't have to wonder how a private business could stay afloat with four workers perenially just standing around while only one did actual work. why shouldn't that private company take its time, when it was paid by the state government and federal government (hurrah to all you federal taxpayers living outside ny, you got to help!). the total cost was $17 million for one damn bridge.

every progress report on the second avenue subway line seems to push back the completion date. originally phase 1 would be completed in 2014. then it became 2015...2016.  and that's just phase 1: the total project is now expected to take until mid-2019, with at least $1 billion in overruns. it's good odds i'll have a nice head of gray hair before it's done.

apply bastiat's test: "see if the law benefits one citizen at the expense of another by doing what the citizen himself cannot do without committing a crime." could your neighbors decide to tunnel underneath your home, spreading dust and dirt that harm your health, blocking your sidewalk, and generally ruining your quality of life for several years, and making you help pay for it?

now here's food for thought: applying bastiat's test, there is nothing that government does that neighbors could do themselves without committing a crime. your neighbors can't come to your home or workplace every two weeks to demand their "cut" of your paycheck, else you have to pay even more and/or be kidnapped and housed in a concrete room against your will. from that first usurped power, that of taking people's money without their consent, all other governmental powers proceed.

"no legal plunder: this is the principle of justice, peace, order, stability, harmony, and logic. until the day of my death, i shall proclaim this principle with all the force of my lungs (which alas! is all too inadequate)."



posted by perry eidelbus at 
     11:43 pm 
0 comments

       




sunday, september 23, 2012



	 
	 if obama "can afford" to pay more taxes, then let him while leaving the rest of us alone



his hypocrisy knows no bounds.



posted by perry eidelbus at 
     6:25 pm 
0 comments

       




saturday, september 22, 2012



	 
	 charles schultz characterized liberalism so well 40-plus years ago
	 
    


i have no love for mitt romney, but with all this outrage that he paid only (only!) $2 million in federal income taxes and a 14% tax rate, i thought of a couple of peanuts strips i saved.

these were reprinted on july 27 and july 29, 2006. they would have been originally published sometime in the 1960s.




joe biden ($5540 charitable contributions last year) had no comment.



posted by perry eidelbus at 
     4:45 pm 
0 comments

       




thursday, september 06, 2012



	 
	 the real "compromise" between the two parties
	 
    


...is no different between a mugger and a rapist accommodating each other over the victim, and eventually learning to "cooperate" with future ones.



posted by perry eidelbus at 
     9:27 am 
0 comments

       




sunday, august 19, 2012



	 
	 i love my nexus 7, but google and asus certainly did some strange things
	 
    


for a while i've been looking for a 7" tablet, something light for my commute. my strict requirements were very good screen resolution, and android. barnes and noble's nook can run android off a microsdhc card, and amazon's kindle fire comes with a weird customization of android but can be rooted to run jelly bean. however, both have a resolution of 1024x600, which is a bit small for anything beyond casual web browsing. dell's streak has a mere 800x480 display.

there are a plethora of inexpensive, off-brand 7" and 8" tablets, some just 800x480, many 1024x600, and i saw one 1024x768 model. the big drawback is the very fact that they're off-brand: underpowered cpus and gpus lead to sluggish screens, displays may not have consistent colors, capacitive touch may have poor responsiveness, fit and finish may be so poor that it's like a child's flimsy toy, and qa and support may be questionable. service and support count for a lot, which you might not get with a cheap brand, especially with internet vendors that tend to pass the buck to the manufacturer. as i mentioned before, my wife's thrive came from the factory with a slight speck under the glass. i dreaded that we'd be referred to toshiba, who might take weeks to clean under the glass and ship back. but the good guys at woot immediately sent us a replacement, with a pre-paid label to send the original unit back.

when i started reading reviews of the nexus 7 in the first days after its release, i knew it was what i'd been waiting for. this should say something: i had never before been the type to buy brand-new technology. i'd always wait a while to see what bugs and quirks a new product has, and for the price to drop. for $199 and $249, the 8-gig and 16-gig nexus 7s come with quad-core cpus, a gorgeous 1200x800 display, and jelly bean. it had everything i wanted, except external memory expansion.

for a few dollars more, a microsdhc slot would have made the nexus 7 about as perfect as one could want in a 7" tablet. google didn't see fit, probably a combination of rushing the product out and keeping it at the retail prices, and maybe that no memory slots would push people to the 16-gig model. considering how cheap flash memory is, the 16-gig model must have a far bigger profit margin. still, there's the micro usb port, and android supports usb otg (plugging storage devices into usb ports and having them recognized as separate devices, which is how flash drives and external hard drives work).

but google inexplicably released the nexus 7 with a slightly hamstrung version of jelly bean. auto screen rotation is disabled, as is usb otg. thankfully it's no problem to root the nexus 7 and install su, which i did about four hours after i took it out of the box. then it's a matter of the right adapter, micro usb male to usb female, which eforcity delivered in a week. pair it with a standard flash drive, or better yet, one of sandisk's tiny models. isn't it amazing how cheap flash memory is, and continues to get cheaper?

i recently bought some adapters, micro usb male to usb female, and i should have read the lone review. it won't work for usb otg, but elsewhere some have speculated that pins 4 and 5 need to be connected. micro usb has a 5-pin layout, whereas regular usb has 4. since nobody seems to make a short micro-to-full adapter that works with usb otg, it's time to get out the soldering iron!

update: i never got around to modifying the adapters. these from dealextreme just arrived and work perfectly. they've unsurprisingly sold out in the 2 ½ weeks since i placed my order.



posted by perry eidelbus at 
     1:06 pm 
1 comments

       




sunday, july 29, 2012



	 
	 the federal government is a "bargain"?
	 
    


idiots at u.s. news & world report claim,

if you could buy a toyota camry or an apple ipad for 20 percent off the regular price, you'd probably consider it a great deal. savvy buyers haggle for much smaller discounts on quality merchandise.

few consumers have noticed, but the federal government has essentially been on sale, with taxpayers paying about 20 percent less than they used to for what washington does. yet unlike satisfied customers, taxpayers are increasingly fed up with the government they finance. this could make them downright surly when the price of government goes back up, which is a near certainty over the next few years.

the price we pay for government, of course, is taxes, and despite what inflammatory political rhetoric might suggest, they are at modern lows. a new report published by the congressional budget office shows that the average household paid 17.4 percent of its income to the federal government in the form of taxes in 2009, the latest data available. today's rate is probably comparable.
this is so disingenuous, so based on statistics, that it's beyond horseshit lies.

tax rates haven't gone down, so how are families paying "20 percent less than they used to"? they're not. their taxes as a percentage of total federal spending has gone down, because the federal government is borrowing much more than it has in 70 years -- over $1 trillion annually, to be specific. don't take it from me, take it from the federal government's own data (table 1.1). this claim of the "sale" is akin to saying a spendthrift family's paychecks are a lower part of its total spending, when in fact the family hasn't cut spending and is running up a great deal of debt.


if taxes were really like cars or technology, first, we're being forced to buy the item, and second, we're still paying full retail price, just not right now. we, our children and all future generations will be paying for the "discount," plus interest. some "sale."



posted by perry eidelbus at 
     11:36 pm 
0 comments

       







	 
	 it was a dark and stormy night
	 
    


we only lost one tree thursday night, at least not two as i initially feared. the high winds didn't last very long, maybe 15 minutes as they passed over my neck of the woods, but it was enough.

the brush is too thick for me to see the base, but i don't think it snapped. it's 19 inches across where it was cut, and even thicker approaching the base. i think it simply fell over, since it grew by the stream separating us from the neighbors, where the perpetually wet soil is weaker and roots can't grow as deeply.

the tree had fallen halfway across the road, and much more horizontally than this picture would indicate. after cutting off the top half and branches on the lower half, a crew used steel cables (you can still see them) to pull the lower half back onto our property. even if we used our fireplace, it would be a lot of work for me to go at it with a chainsaw. maybe a company with a woodchipper will come cut it up if we let them have the wood.

 





posted by perry eidelbus at 
     2:57 pm 
0 comments

       








main page             about me
comment and e-mail policy
"you are not to inquire how your trade may be increased, nor how you are to become a great and powerful people, but how your liberties can be secured; for liberty ought to be the direct end of your government."
- patrick henry, 1788

"one can never be too hard on france."
- don luskin
my recommended entries
the tyranny of robert mugabe
the big government traditions of the gop
the freedom to assume risk
in star trek, north korea would be the pakleds
will someone tell paul krugman to avoid labor econ?
what do you call a disarmed populace?
the intellectual bankruptcy of the left: brad delong
conservatives in need of an appointment with reality
congressional morons that keep the price of oil high
a lesson for warren buffett on int'l investment
debunking a would-be debunker of the laffer curve
the intellectual bankruptcy of the left
what to do about the price of gasoline?
how many lies can ted rall make in one cartoon?
protectionism by any other name still stinks
wal-mart and "separation of commerce and bank"
common sense and illegal immigration
"pushing cars after katrina"
how markets work with imperfect information
saving us from foreign oil "dependence"?
storm after the storm: public and private property
how do markets clear?
wal-mart's ceo speaks out
"christians and jews rampage..."
hardly something france should be proud of
is microsoft overpriced?
what hath the free market wrought?
freedom of thought is most dangerous to the state
is limited government in accordance with the bible?
price-setting and illegal immigration
why government subsidies don't help the economy
the economics of costco, sam's and wal-mart
belling the cat
how to out-krugman krugman
knoppix: the easy way to run linux on your pc
mainstream media 101: how to twist words
how to cut taxes yet cost consumers
how government invisibly confiscates wealth
hillary clinton, the queen of state-worshippers
the democrats' myth of "energy independence"
krugman: in need of an appointment with reality
economically illiterate politicians
face of the enemy (confronting larouchers!)
the bad way to "cut" taxes
how much do you "deserve" in pay?
government creating problems it says only it can fix
nice (french) unemployment if you can get it
government's chief sin: robbing peter to pay paul
the new york mta: it's not theirs to invest
so you wanna revalue the yuan?
protectionism is for losers
the free market lets the best come out on top
eminent domain: "the law perverted!"
uncommon valor: a hero chopper pilot
when conservatives become socialists
star wars: the organa connection
death of the tenth amendment
star wars: i hope the professor is more forgiving...
when the bottom line isn't everything
will krugman eventually be right?
walter williams on the trade deficit
where does the constitution give courts the right?
star wars: the emperor is less forgiving than i am
star wars: "the jedi are not to be trusted"?
star wars: obi-wan is a neo-con
historical revisionism of the civil war
the error of protectionist economics
star trek economics
start the drilling in anwr
let amtrak die
are we becoming a service economy?
give more back to the government?
"entitled" to other people's money?
french winemaker terrorists
what would bastiat say? part ii
john edwards' hypocrisy
krugman: enemy of the free market
* the great social security debate *
how libertarian are you?
worrying about the trade deficit
krugman: we must protect state-worshippers
iran: it's all your fault, you made us do it!
what would bastiat say?
eating the rich? or just soaking them?

friends & comrades
don luskin
capital freedom
chris masse
brad warbiany
joe sherlock
qando
mover mike
josh - no angst
chicago boyz
josh hendrickson - everyday economist
hispanic pundit
gopinion
alarming news
club for growth
on tap - marshall mason et al
hangar dogs
three sources
william j. beck
bflo, buffalo's best blog
pundit review
tennessee tax revolt
other blogs
adam smith institute
american digest
bainbridge
belmont club
buzzmachine by jeff jarvis
cafe hayek
captain's quarters
coyote blog
country store
cox & forkum (no longer updated)
daniel drezner
david hogberg
econlog
economics with a face
econopundit
greg mankiw
instapundit
macroblog
man without qualities
marginal revolution
manolo (caution: very funny!)
michelle malkin
mudville gazette
my pet jawa
national review online's the corner
power line
replacing amtrak
tim blair
truthlaidbear
vodka pundit
comic strips
day by day
non sequitur
links
bastiat.org
cato institute
citizens against government waste
economics in one lesson
extraordinary popular delusions      & the madness of crowds
foundation for economic education
heritage foundation
library of economics and liberty
morgan stanley global economic forum
national center for policy analysis
national review online
real clear politics
snopes - debunking urban legends
tax foundation
townhall.com
wikipedia
eidelblog archives

february 2005
march 2005
april 2005
may 2005
june 2005
july 2005
august 2005
september 2005
october 2005
november 2005
december 2005
january 2006
february 2006
march 2006
april 2006
may 2006
june 2006
july 2006
august 2006
september 2006
october 2006
november 2006
december 2006
january 2007
february 2007
march 2007
april 2007
may 2007
june 2007
july 2007
august 2007
september 2007
october 2007
november 2007
december 2007
january 2008
february 2008
march 2008
april 2008
may 2008
june 2008
july 2008
august 2008
september 2008
october 2008
november 2008
december 2008
january 2009
february 2009
march 2009
april 2009
may 2009
june 2009
july 2009
august 2009
september 2009
october 2009
november 2009
december 2009
january 2010
february 2010
march 2010
april 2010
may 2010
june 2010
july 2010
august 2010
september 2010
november 2010
december 2010
january 2011
february 2011
march 2011
may 2011
june 2011
july 2011
august 2011
september 2011
november 2011
december 2011
january 2012
february 2012
march 2012
april 2012
may 2012
june 2012
july 2012
august 2012
september 2012
october 2012
november 2012
december 2012
december 2014








all original content of the eidelblog is © 2005-2008 by perry r. eidelbus. all rights reserved.
















