












epstein becker green - law firm




















epstein becker & green, p.c.























cookie settings
main content
main menu

search









menu

peopleservicesservicescorporate & transactionalemployment, labor & workforce managementhealth carelife scienceslitigation & business disputesprivacy, cybersecurity & data asset managementall servicesindustriesindustriesfinancial serviceshealth care industryhospitalitylife sciences industryretailtechnologyall industriestrending issuestrending issuesagency action challengesanti-harassment trainingartificial intelligencecoronavirus resource centertrump administration 2.0: key implications for employers and organizationsfrom roe to dobbsthe gig economy and contractor classificationheal®: health employment and laborhealth equityinflation reduction actinteroperabilityno surprises actpay equitypsychedelicsremote and hybrid workstate legislation impacting health care transactionsviolence prevention in the health care workplaceall trending issuesinsightsinsightseventsfirm announcementsmedia coverageour blogspublicationsvideos & podcastsall insightsabout usabout usdiversity, equity, and inclusiondiversity, equity, and inclusionaffinity groupsawareness and educationprofessional developmentrecognitionsupplier diversity programexperienceinnovationpro bono and community servicevalues commitmentall about usofficescareersvideos & podcastsstrategic alliancesstrategic alliancesbaltimorebostonchicagocincinnaticolumbusdallasdetroithoustonlos angelesmemphisnashvillenew yorknewarkpittsburghportlandprincetonsan franciscost. petersburgstamfordtampawashington, dc
linkedin



twitter




facebook



instagram



youtube



rss














commitmentit's what brings focused excellence in workforce management, health care, and life sciences, coupled with powerful litigation and transactional strategies. and it's how we provide complete client solutions, partner with your in-house team, and create value.always focused. fully committed.learn more

health care



effective dates of dea final rules for telemedicine prescribing delayed
the 340b reimbursement battle: what hospitals and insurers need to know



view all health care insights



employment, labor & workforce management



epstein becker green’s employment, labor & workforce management practice honored as a law360 2024 “employment practice group of the year” in landmark recognition
epstein becker green files amicus brief for 10 national industry organizations to uphold district court’s order setting aside the ftc noncompete ban



view all employment, labor & workforce management insights



life sciences



in confirmation hearings, ag nominee pledges to defend the constitutionality of the false claims act
at long last, dea’s remote prescribing rules 2.0 are (really) here! (pending further consideration by the incoming administration . . .)



view all life sciences insights



litigation & business disputes



trade secrets litigation: 2025 update
the 340b reimbursement battle: what hospitals and insurers need to know



view all litigation & business disputes insights

videos & podcasts








2025 outlook: the department of health and human services under the second trump administration

play
learn more






federal agencies begin compliance efforts under trump administration

play
learn more






how erisa litigators strengthen plan compliance and risk management: one-on-one with jeb gerth

play
learn more






law360 "employment practice group of the year": epstein becker green

play
learn more


view all videos & podcasts




trump administration 2.0we deploy critical problem-solving approaches for clients in anticipation of, and in response to, changes.learn more



our annual reportinnovation driving excellence. amid regulatory shifts and an administrative law overhaul, epstein becker green collaborated with clients to identify potential challenges, deliver proactive legal guidance, and elevate businesses in 2024 and for years to come.learn more



artificial intelligencefind out more about epstein becker green’s artificial intelligence legal services to help navigate the complexities emerging from ai and how that impacts your business.  learn more



heal®health employment and labor. our heal group unites our practices to help health care and life sciences companies address the many challenges they face in the labor, employment, and workforce management area.learn more



privacy and securityhow can businesses protect data while reaping the benefits of technology? learn how we can help your business develop and implement scalable solutions to your privacy and security challenges.learn more


strategic alliances forcomplete client solutions










					national health care and life sciences industry consulting services for client innovation and product-line initiatives
				

learn more











					providing a multidisciplinary team of business and legal professionals who provide workforce issue solutions.
				

learn more









career pathways: ready to grow your career at epstein becker green?

play
learn more


working herethe values we live by
our commitment to the growth of our team and our practice means living up to a strong set of core values.
read more

elevating diversity
we believe our clients are best served through innovation and creativity — and that the surest way to generate great ideas is through diverse opinions, backgrounds, and experiences.
read more

giving back
we are committed to helping the communities in which we work and live, and we understand the unique opportunity for personal and professional growth that pro bono work affords.
read more


top



jump to page











share






go to the privacy settings






keep in touch
subscribe for insights and invitations


© 2025 epstein becker & green, p.c. all rights reserved. attorney advertising.

site map
disclaimer
privacy policy
terms of use
alumni
subscribe
website credits




linkedin



twitter




facebook



instagram



youtube



rss








by clicking “accept all cookies,” you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.

cookies settings
reject all
accept all cookies





privacy preference center
when you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. this information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. the information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. however, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
strictly necessary cookies
these cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. they are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. you can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. these cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.


performance cookies


on

off

these cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. they help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. all information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. if you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.

close







