







our house in france













































        
          
            our house in france
          
        
      




















































        our house
      

        our region
      



        booking
      



















































our houseour region





                
                  
                    our house in france
                  
                
              
rent our lovely house in the wine-growing town of valros, france




booking









scroll








 — for rent —memories you’ll cherishsunset on our little street in valros, france.(that’s the view you’ll see when you step out on the balcony upstairs, looking toward pézenas in the evening.)




    bookings suspended temporarily due to covid-19
  











make our house in france your house in francethe house is a classic french village maison. it originally housed a prosperous winemaker who wanted private quarters, separate from his brother and business partner. it’s not grand. but it’s a bit presumptuous in places. the ceilings on the ground floor are far beyond reach; there are a couple of chandeliers. the semi-restored victorian tile floors were ostentatious in their day. the winding central staircase is a workout.









the salon







in the kitchen







kitchen / dining room







the house where you’ll stay and eat and laughthe house sleeps two couples comfortably, each with a private bathroom. there is a fold-out bed in the top-floor study, for a tag-along guest. all the beds are new and firm. many of the other furnishings are antiques bought locally.there is a fully-equipped kitchen, so you can prepare meals rather than eating out.the salon (what americans call the living room) has a large selection of music cds, movie dvds and a television for viewing them.take a tour through the house in the gallery below.








front entry








looking into the kitchen








kitchen work area








kitchen eating area








the salon








salon looking out the window








front hall and stairs








master bedroom








master bedroom toward the front








master bath








second floor hall with glorious windows open on the street








second bedroom








second bedroom toward the window








third floor bath








third floor study








third floor study toward the window










 





















wine, weather …the wine-growing town of valros is old and proud. its tiny medieval core (and bell-crazy church) is a few minutes walk away, down the hill from our house. the bells you’ll hear in the evening are from the newly renovated town hall/post office, right around the corner.the climate is typically mediterranean. in the summer, it is hot and dry; you'll spot cacti growing in yards. there are no frosts in the winter; on occasion a cold wind called the “tramontane” sweeps down from the surrounding mountains.




























nézignan l’eveque, france









valros, france









wine growing in the occitan region of france












… and relaxationit’s a climate that agrees with relaxation. we created an open-air terrace on the top floor for sunning, reading, eating and just taking it easy, with a view of the roofs.your house sits on a short, one-way street named for a martyred hero of the french resistance in the second world war: jean moulin, a lawyer and official, born in nearby béziers.this is a very informal region. you will not need to dress up for dinner.in the photos above: on the left is nézignan l’eveque, 4 minutes away. you’re looking down the empty town street, from one of the france’s most celebrated pizza ovens.on the right: in valros, you are deep inside wine country. hundreds of next-generation and boutique wines await your curiosity.









simone at the front door







high-end oven







sun terrace on the top floor







sign the guest book when you come







rentalthe house rents for us$945 per week. learn more and check the calendar.




    rent our house in france
  








miles of mediterranean beach are 20 minutes from our house.(and, yes, that's the actual beach!)

 









home



introduction



valros



relaxation



beach








 

contact us401-397-2534spjoyaux@aol.com 



infoour houseour regionbooking

 

© 2023 our house in francesite design by andrea hopkins





valros,
france


hours











