






wood tech systems - new and used truss equipment






























































 








homenew equipmentused equipmentmanufacturersstoriesaboutblogcontact
flexible solutions

as a fully independent partner, we can connect you with a wide variety of suppliers and a wider variety of solutions to most creatively and efficiently achieve your particular goals.

more informationnew & used
equipment
 

new monet fwa 500 ca automated floor web sawnewmoprice based on configurationinquire about this item 

 



bam “ovation” door machining center (dmc)newflprice based on configurationinquire about this item 

 



terminailer sub-component & header nailing stationnewnd$237,900.00inquire about this item 

 



bam pre-hung door machine model 996 e / tsnewflprice based on configurationinquire about this item 

 

 


 
customer stories
meet dick fennell
president, diamond truss (ralston, wyoming)
when dick fennell left his ontario, canada truss shop to start fresh in wyoming, there was no doubt he would retain wood tech systems as an equipment supplier. in fact, he credits jay halteman with the idea of setting up in the u.s. west. “jay is the reason i’m here!” he said, explaining jay knew of a shop for sale and suggested dick make an offer in 2006. in the end dick bought land and built his company from the ground up, but jay helped influence the decision like only a true partner would.
read moremeet peter ward
owner, drouin west timber and truss (australia)
it is safe to say that peter ward is a true visionary. it is this very quality that propelled him toward an innovative solution when he needed to grow the truss end of his business, drouin west timber and truss in australia. his international search for truss equipment lead him to more than just answers. a true partnership, born from innovation, wood tech systems was with peter through every step of the journey.
more storiesmeet nick linsmayer
president, villaume industries (st. paul, mn)
a family-owned company known for innovation spanning 125 years and four generations, villaume is proof that innovation is born from an essential combination of leading edge tools and the people behind them. both are qualities president nick linsmayer values in wood tech systems.
more storieslist your equipment
thanks for your interest in listing your component equipment for sale with wood truss systems, inc. as an independent sales broker. our best effort to sell your equipment includes periodic first class mailings, classified advertising, contacting select industry prospects, and an individual listing with photos on our website, www.woodtrusssystems.com.
list your equipment


homenew equipmentused equipmentour manufacturersaboutlegal mumbo jumbocontactwood truss systems, inc. | 784 eden woods place | carmel, in 46033-3015
phone: 765-751-9990 | toll-free fax 888-751-9914
© copyright  wood tech systems inc. all rights reserved.
from the studio of farmhouse creative.
 menu


 










