


christchurch cosmetic & laser treatment  - transform clinic



































skip to content
book now
0800 256 654

search


go












about




about transform


meet our team


our products


blog / news


image gallery


specials


gift vouchers


payment options


loyalty program


job opportunities




riccarton clinic


merivale clinic


dunedin clinic


timaru clinic


queenstown clinic


ashburton clinic


gisborne clinic


oamaru clinic


greymouth clinic


franchise opportunities





contact


home


treatments




cosmetic injectables



lines and wrinkles


skin quality & tightening


face shape & definition


lips


fat dissolving injections




laser treatments



ipl fotofacials


glow and go


laser facelifting (fotona 4d)


laser skin resurfacing


laser for facial veins


laser tattoo removal


laser for snoring


laser for fungal toe nails


stress incontinence - incontilase


vaginal rejuvenation - intimalase


laser hair removal




medical procedures



em visage (new!)


varicose veins


mole & skin tag removal


skin cancer checks


pdo mint™ thread lifts


excessive sweating


photo dynamic therapy (pdt)


meditone body sculpting




beauty therapy



beauty therapy


acne treatment


procell therapies


price list


hydrafacial


body sculpting


microdermabrasion


vitamin c infusion


acne scarring treatment


dermapen


microchanneling






book now













be your own kind of  beautiful

cosmetic technology is constantly evolving, at transform clinic we bring the most advanced technology for better treatments and less downtime.see what we do









looking good  feels good

transform clinic is an appearance medicine clinic based in christchurch and provide services throughout new zealand. talk to us about how we can help you look and feel your best.see what we do









do what makes you  happy

we offer the very latest medical technologies and expertise to enhance your natural beauty. it is important to us that you can feel good and be confident with your appearance.see what we do









the best time for you  is today

say goodbye to facial wrinkles and skin irregularities. we offer variety of restorative procedures to bring new life to your skin!see what we do







 

your christchurch cosmetic clinic



transform clinic is one of the longest established cosmetic and medical skin rejuvenation clinics in new zealand.
we provide non-surgical treatments that produce results comparable to cosmetic surgery.
our cosmetic clinic houses top-of-the-line laser equipment most of which is not available elsewhere in christchurch.
we provide expert advice from a highly-experienced team of doctors, registered nurses and beauty therapists.
our doctor specialises in non-surgical varicose vein treatment, even for the largest of veins. book a free assessment of your veins at our christchurch and dunedin clinics. 




the cosmetic clinic was established in christchurch by its medical director dr ian little. he has over 30 years of experience with botulinum toxin and other cosmetic injectables, beauty therapies, and medical procedures.
we have two christchurch cosmetic clinic locations in riccarton and merivale, along with several satellite clinics across new zealand in gisborne, ashburton, timaru, oamaru, greymouth, dunedin, and queenstown.
we are experts in providing "down-ageing" treatments. it is our mission to help you reach your beauty goals with effective treatments that produce natural-looking results. 











					cosmetic injectables
				


					laser treatments
				


					medical procedures
				


					beauty therapy
				





welcome to  transform
new zealands cosmetic and appearance medicine clinic
over the last 30 years, dr little has become one of new zealand's most experienced practitioners in appearance medicine and the treatment of varicose veins, a speciality he practices full time.

dr little is a fellow of the australasian college of phlebology, he attends many national and international conferences and workshops to keep him updated on latest thinking and 
techniques. his expertise in varicose vein treatment 
is recognised and covered by all major health 
insurers in new zealand.
meet dr ian little









news/blog


new to dunedin: procell therapies
13th feb






view gallery





more videos






featured


the perfect present for everyone on your list!
a transform clinic gift voucher makes a thoughtful, wonderful gift for someone you care about. to spoil someone with some pamper time, you can purchase a gift voucher in clinic or online.
give the gift of glowing skin
learn more





varicose vein treatments
varicose vein treatments in christchurch and dunedin with non-surgical methods performed by dr ian little. 

endovenous laser ablation, vnus closure, venaseal or foam sclerotherapy are remarkably simple walk-in/walk-out procedures. the efficacy of these procedures to treat varicose veins are such that surgery for varicose veins will soon be obsolete.
we are very happy to see you for a free initial assessment and can arrange easy payment terms.
find out more





come work for us!
transform clinic is looking for appearance medicine nurses to join our teams at our merivale and riccarton clinics. if you are a registered nurse or appearance medicine nurse looking for a new and exciting opportunity, click below for more information about the vacancies and how to apply.

our mission statement:
"to provide the best possible professional service and technology to the public to enhance their appearance, confidence and general feeling of well-being."
learn more









our newsletter
exclusive special offers, news and updates



name



email



sign up





we're social!
join us














/transformclinicnz











0800 256 654
send us a message

book online


search


go

 

join us!
facebook
instagram




© 2025 transform clinics, all rights reserved.
taps approval no: mr7779 | web design by activate



















