











 









unique custom candles made with wedding invitation and unity candle

need something for the kids to do while out of school?
check out be unique studios   or  follow on facebook 

be unique studios and der candlemaker store
p and j’s unique gifts (der candlemaker)  now has a store that you can visit when you are in amish country.we are located at 123 w high, downtown new philadelphia, oh

der candlemaker and be unique studios have a unique studio where you can create your own favorite candles (your favorite scent and color) or you can make a unique sand candle. we also have many other activties to do or paint a ceramic. 
many other fun things to do. 
call or text (330-340-3852) us to make an appointment.
 
 

 

like us on facebook for sales and other information.
 
  "simple elegance candle"
this has a candle inside a hollow candle and glows to show your invitation. 
we have been making this candle for over 50 years.
this was originally designed by "der candlemaker" ferrell knotts. 


it comes in three sizes
6" tall and 6" wide.....$36.99 plus s&h 

9" tall and 6" wide.....$39.99 plus s&h 
12" tall and 6" wide.....$49.99 plus s&h 
we also can custom size it between 10" and 12" depending on the size of the invitation.

 
also available in a solid candle 4" x 10" for $44.99 plus shipping
 
add $2.00 if you would like to have two sided candle   
 
 turn around time is about 2 weeks plus shipping 
 

you can email us your invitation at apps@roadrunner.com or you can mail it to us. 




 special

we can also put the picture of the bride and groom 
or picture of bride and groom with parents on the candle.

buy 2 and save 15% - 9" tall - for $67.98 plus s&h. 


so you save on shipping too!

you can mail your invitation to:
1844 gordon rd nw 
dover, oh 44622
please send 2 invitations (if you only have 1 that is fine, we will scan it before we start your candle in case of a problem) and include an email address so we can send you a tracking number


 


when mailing invitation

please include check or best way to contact you to get your credit card information or what email to send a paypal invoice

 

guidelines for ordering simple elegance candles


1. we can only attach the thickness of a single sheet of card stock paper. 
if your invitation is multiple layers or thick please send a color copy on card stock.
please remember if you request original invitation instead of a copy the thickness of the invitation will be a factor in how much light shows through the invitation. 

2. size of the invitation.
on a 6” tall candle the maximum height is 4 ½’

on a 9” tall candle the maximum height is 7 ½”

on a 12” tall candle the maximum height is 10 ½”

3. remember that if you would like to have two sides put on they can not be wider 5 ½” wide.


 please note s&h above is just for lower 48 states of united states. please contact us for hawaii, alaska or other country

 
""

 
 unity candles 
"and the two shall become one."
 
 our wedding and unity candles can be customized with the bride & groom's name and date of wedding or even the actual wedding invitation on the candle.
 
. we also feature the unity wick™ wedding candle. the bride lights one wick and the groom lights the other wick. within a few minutes the two flames become one flame, symbolizing the two becoming one. ferrell knotts, the original candlemaker from walnut creek, ohio, originally designed this candlewick and called it a double wick. over the last 30 years he has designed many unusual candles and shipped these candles all over the world. 
 
looking for just the unity wick™. if you have a unity candle that has a tea light insert you can use our special wick for only $9.99 free shipping.
we are a custom candle company. all of our candles are hand poured and made just for you. 
because they are hand poured heights may differ.

if you have an idea for a special occasion candle, let us know and we will do our best to make your candle with your design.



be unique candles
 have your candle in your favorite color and scent.  made with beeswax and soy wax for great burning candle. 
 



unity candles
"and the two shall become one"  many different unity candles. double and single wicks 


wine scented candles

relax!
our candles will appeal to all your senses. the romantic glow of the candle and the wonderful aroma. 







 
soy candles
100% soy wax. 
 

 
  
square candles
from 2"x2" up to 6"x6"x6" square candles in soy and paraffin wax
 

  
foam candles
 
made with our special formula of wax that looks like whipped wax, but much harder. 
 

body lotion & massage oil candles
pamper yourself
our candles will appeal to all your senses. the romantic glow of the candle, the wonderful aroma and then the warm oil on your skin.
 



 

if you are needing a large quantity of candles for a special occasion, please allow 1 week plus shipping time for every 100 candles you need.
except for the 5" x 5" and 6" x 6" square candles, we only make 12 to 15 of these candles a week, because of the setup time involved.
so please order early!
large custom orders are all sales final. 
please remember colors can not be guaranteed to be same shade(about 15 to 30 the same color depending on size). we are constantly adding wax to our melting vats and the colors change. 
if you have a certain color to match your wedding please send a color sample and we will try to match it. 



we do not issue any refund or credit for color.
 
 
we offer money back if you do not like your candle. shipping and handling is not refundable. also if item is personalized must be approved before returning.
all custom orders require a non refundable deposit.
 


   
 

ordering

 
 
 
 

 

ferrell knotts "candlemaker", was our father and he created this candle over 30 years ago. many people who visited our store in walnut creek, ohio, still remember him and the candles he made for them. we are now making candles for their children's weddings. i still have mine from 1974 so you can see this is a keepsake. it is a hollow candle with your invitation on it. the invitation becomes a part of the candle and a wick which is two wicks that burn into one flame. 


 

 
today's word
“so i say to you: ask and it will be given to you; seek and you will find; knock and the door will be opened to you” (luke 11:9, niv)
 
need a unique fundraiser for your church, school or organization? we can personalize candles for you.





we can personalize travel tins with your organizations name, color and scent
 








help us to help others. we support food banks and shelters with part of every purchase. thank you 





we now accept visa, mastercard, discover card, and paypal. 
shipping is estimated on checking out, we will refund the difference if you pay more than the actual shipping.
we are changing our shopping cart, if you have a problem please email us and let us know. thank you.
 
p & j's unique gifts llc 
1844 gordon rd. nw 
dover, ohio 44622 
sales 330-340-3852
fax 330-364-3318 
sales -hours monday - friday 9 am to 5 pm 
showroom hours by appointment 
email us at apps@roadrunner.com
 

"always professional & personal service"
other great links








 wahm zone - wahm community for work at home moms 
birthday cards
free birthday greetings you are sure to love and cards for many occasions. www.whitesphotography.com
