














home | oshkosh public library



























      skip to main content
    









  get a library card


  support the library


  news

























translate page
 

  




















store?
 

  




















locations?
 

  




















my account
 

  




















search site




















    skip navigation
  

main navigation



        toggle      

      main menu    



about


open menu




contact us


our organization


open menu



library information


library history


board of trustees


policies


freedom to read


faq




get involved


open menu



support the library


volunteer 


bring the library to you 


employment opportunities







borrowing


open menu




search catalog


check it out


open menu



get a library card


library of things 


games, puzzles, yard games


try it yourself kits


wifi hotspots




download and stream


open menu



ebooks & eaudiobooks


magazines & newspapers


comics, manga, & graphic novels


movies & tv


music


winnefox mobile app 




resources for readers


open menu



discover your next read


book club kits


book bundles


request a book







events


open menu




events calendar


by age 


open menu



all ages


youth


teens


adults




by program type 


open menu



all program types


arts & crafts


books & reading


history & genealogy


special events


storytime




discover


open menu



contests


displays


videos


download our events calendar


propose a program


reading challenges







services


open menu




how do i?


at the library


open menu



all services


technology, wifi, & computers 


job search


notary


print & fax services


reserve a room or service


educator services




 in the community


open menu



library in the community


evergreen bookdrop


home delivery


roving readers 







research & learn 


open menu




all resources & databases


popular topics


open menu



professional development


online learning


consumer information


community & government 




history & genealogy


open menu



local history


genealogy


newspaper archives


oshkosh digital collections
































    catalog  




    website  








keywords, title, author, and more!





          search
        








keywords




































 



 




my account









 



 




programs









 



 




download & stream









 



 




reserve a room or service









 



 




building maps









 



 




how do i?
















explore the collection

new and coming soon to our shelves!













previous










i got abducted by aliens and now i'm trapped in a rom-com


a february libraryreads pick!a hilarious and sexy romance about a woman who gets dropped on a strange planet only to fall for not one, but two, aliens, from the author of i got drunk and yeeted a love potion at a werewolf.dorothy valentine is close to getting her phd in wildlife biology when she’s attacked by a lion. on the bright side, she’s saved! on the not-so-bright side, it’s because they’re abducted by aliens. in her scramble to escape, dory and the lion commandeer an escape pod and crash-land on an alien planet that has...dinosaurs?dory and her new lion bestie, toto, are saved in the nick of time by a mysterious and sexy alien, sol. on their new adventure, they team up with the equally hot, equally dangerous lok, who may or may not be a war criminal. whether it be trauma, fate, or intrigue, dory can’t resist the attraction that’s developing in their trio....as this ragtag group of misfits explore their new planet, dory learns more about how and why they’ve all ended up together, battles more prehistoric creatures than she imagined (she imagined...zero), and questions if she even wants to go back home to earth in this hilarious and steamy alien romance adventure comedy romp.











gettysburg


the definitive oral history of the battle that turned the tide of the civil war that combines vivid first-hand accounts with rich historical narrative.in late june of 1863, one month after his victory over union forces at chancellorsville, virginia, general robert e. lee, head of the army of northern virginia, invaded the north. he would cross the potomac river and head towards harrisburg, pennsylvania, with the goal of seizing the trains which would then take his army into philadelphia and perhaps even new york city. he hoped that these victories would force u.s. president abraham lincoln to surrender.as he pushed north, lee was operating without his cavalry leader, j.e.b. stuart, whom he had allowed to go on a useless scouting mission. at the same time, the union army, now led by little known commander george meade was tracking lee and his men.both sides clashed at gettysburg, a tiny pennsylvania farm village on july 1 in what would be a three-day battle that would change the course of the war.the battle would reveal the mettle of the unheralded meade and would also call into question general lee’s reputation as a legendary commander when he unleashed the ill planned and ill prepared pickett’s charge. the battle proved costly to both sides. some 50,000 men were killed across the battlefield and the defeated lee’s army would never again invade the north.after so much bloodshed, president lincoln's history-making and eloquent gettysburg address came to embody the essence of the war. the address, not even three minutes long, is considered the finest speech ever delivered buy an american president and has been memorized by generations ever since.using letters, diaries, journals, newspaper articles, and other written sources, bruce chadwick has crafted another masterful oral history. skillfully combining traditional historic narrative with the in-the-moment ethos of an oral history, gettysburg: the tide turns brings this iconic battle to fresh and vivid life.











waiting for the long night moon


from the bestselling author of the berry pickersin her debut collection of short fiction, amanda peters describes the indigenous experience from an astonishingly wide spectrum in time and place—from contact with the first european settlers, to the forced removal of indigenous children, to the present-day fight for the right to clean waterin this intimate collection, amanda peters melds traditional storytelling with beautiful, spare prose to describe the dignity of the traditional way of life, the humiliations of systemic racism and the resilient power to endure. a young man returns from residential school only to realize he can no longer communicate with his own parents. a grieving mother finds purpose and healing on the front lines as a water protector. and a nervous child dances in her first mawi’omi. the collection also includes the indigenous voices award-winning and title story “waiting for the long night moon.”at times sad, sometimes disturbing but always redemptive, the stories in waiting for the long night moon will remind you that where there is grief there is also joy, where there is trauma there is resilience and, most importantly, there is power.











paranoia


nypd detective michael bennett will stop at nothing to protect family: his wife, his kids--and his fellow officers--in the latest psychological thriller from bestselling author james patterson.at every death scene, bennett says a prayer over the victim. but recently, too many of the departed have been fellow cops. "i want you to look at these deaths on special assignment," nypd inspector celeste cantor says. "report only to me."bennett excels as a solo investigator. but he's chasing a killer who feeds on isolation... and paranoia.











famous last words


"from the author of reese's book club pick and new york times bestseller wrong place wrong time! an addictive thriller about a new mother's world upended when her husband commits a terrifying crime-and then disappears. how well does she truly know the man she loves? and what danger does she face if her entire life has been built on a lie? it is june 21st, the longest day of the year, and new mother camilla's life is about to change forever. after months of maternity leave, she will drop her infant daughter off at daycare for the first time and return to her job as a literary agent. finally. but after she arrives at the office, police officers storm the foyer: in the city, just near her work, a man has taken three hostages and is now in a tense standoff with law enforcement. and luke, the person she's loved for more than a decade, the father of her child, is involved. but he is not a hostage. he is the kidnapper. all she has is a half-written cryptic note that luke left for her. seven years after the crime that shocked the nation, and her husband's subsequent disappearance, camilla has slowly accepted that she will never have answers about what really happened that day. but just as she prepares to let luke go for good, an anonymous location, sent to her by text message, reignites her suspicions about the kidnapping and sends her on a dangerous search for the truth. what follows is a propulsive, twisty story of motherhood, marriage, and the secrets at the heart of our closest relationships. famous last words cements gillian mcallister's reputation as "the best at putting her characters in impossible situations and making her readers not only contemplate but feel what it would be like to find themselves in those situations" (emily henry)"--











the dark mirror


the highly anticipated fifth novel in the new york times bestselling bone season series-an epic and spellbinding fantasy from the author of the priory of the orange tree.named a most anticipated book of 2025 by: goodreads * barnes & noble * screen rant * the nerd daily * paste magazine * book rioteverything is about to change.paige mahoney is outside the republic of scion for the first time in more than a decade-but she has no idea how she got to the free world. half a year has been wiped from her memory. her journey back to the revolution soon takes her to venice, where the domino programme has uncovered evidence of a secret scion plan. before paige can return to london, she must help the network unravel the sinister operation ventriloquist, which threatens to bring europe to its knees in weeks. and it soon becomes clear that the one person who could recover her memories-arcturus mesarthim-might also hold the key to thwarting scion, allowing the revolution to strike an unprecedented blow . . .with its intricate worldbuilding, slow burn romance, and “complex, ever evolving, scrappy yet touching” (npr) heroine, the bone season series shows samantha shannon at the height of her considerable powers.











food for thought


from alton brown, the new york times bestselling cookbook author and beloved culinary food personality, a debut collection of personal essays defined by his flair, wit, and insight.from cameraman to chef, musician to food scientist, alton brown has had a diverse and remarkable career. his work on the food network, including creating good eats and hosting iron chef america and cutthroat kitchen, has resonated with countless viewers and home cooks. now, he shares exactly what’s on his mind, mixing compelling anecdotes from his personal and professional life with in-depth observations on the culinary world, film, personal style, defining meals of his lifetime, and much more.with his whip-smart and engaging voice, brown explores everything from wrestling a dumpster full of dough to culinary cultural appropriation to his ultimate quest for the perfect roast chicken. deliciously candid and full of behind-the-scenes stories fans will love, food for thought is the ultimate reading experience for anyone who appreciates food and the people that prepare it.











greenteeth


from an outstanding new voice in cozy fantasy comes greenteeth, "a joyful, warm-hearted" (h. g. parry) tale of fae, folklore, and found family, narrated by a charismatic lake-dwelling monster with a voice unlike any other, perfect for fans of t. kingfisher.beneath the still surface of a lake lurks a monster with needle sharp teeth. hungry and ready to pounce.jenny greenteeth has never spoken to a human before, but when a witch is thrown into her lake, something makes jenny decide she's worth saving. temperance doesn't know why her village has suddenly turned against her, only that it has something to do with the malevolent new pastor.though they have nothing in common, these two must band together on a magical quest to defeat the evil that threatens jenny's lake and temperance's family, as well as the very soul of britain.★"[greenteeth] is full of magic that is rich, mysterious, and exciting, and jenny greenteeth is a morally grey, delightfully monstrous protagonist that fantasy readers are bound to fall in love with." - booklist (starred review)











the bones beneath my skin


a spine-tingling standalone novel by #1 new york times bestselling author tj klune—a supernatural road-trip thriller featuring an extraordinary young girl and her two unlikely protectors on the run from cultists and the government.there's nothing more human than a broken heart.in the spring of 1995, nate cartwright has lost everything: his parents are dead, his only brother wants nothing to do with him, and he's been fired from his job as a journalist in washington, dc.with nothing left to lose, he returns to his family's summer cabin outside the small mountain town of roseland, oregon, to try and find some sense of direction. the cabin should be empty. it's not.inside is a man named alex. and with him is an extraordinary ten-year-old girl who calls herself artemis darth vader. artemis, who isn't exactly as she appears.soon it becomes clear that nate must make a choice: let himself drown in the memories of his past, or fight for a future he never thought possible. because the girl is special. and forces are descending upon them who want nothing more than to control her.











how to break up with your phone, revised edition


now fully revised and updated, this evidence-based, user-friendly guide presents a 30-day digital detox plan that will help you set boundaries with your phone and live a more joyful and fulfilling life.“if you are a human being and you own a smartphone, you need this book.”—jonathan haidt, author of the #1 new york times bestseller the anxious generationdo you feel addicted to your phone? do you frequently pick it up “just to check,” only to look up forty-five minutes later wondering where the time has gone? does social media make you anxious? have you tried to spend less time mindlessly scrolling—and failed? if so, this book is your solution.in how to break up with your phone, award-winning health and science journalist and ted speaker catherine price presents a hands-on 30-day digital detox guide to breaking up—and then making up—with your phone. the goal: better mental health, improved screen-life balance, and a long-term relationship with technology that feels good.now fully revised to reflect advances in the technological landscape, this groundbreaking book features new expert advice and research on the science of addiction, with expanded chapters explaining how social media and algorithms are designed to addict us, impairing our abilities to focus, think deeply, and form new memories; and an updated section on the unique dangers social media poses to children, with brand-new tips on how to protect them. also newly expanded is how to break up with your phone’s life-changing, evidence-based 30-day plan that will guide you—and your friends and family—through the process of creating new, healthy relationships with your smartphone, tablet, or other digital devices.whether you’re seeking refuge from an exhausting news cycle or you’re concerned about the negative effects of social media, how to break up with your phone offers practical solutions. it’s guaranteed to help you put down your phone—and come back to life.











presidents at war


steven m. gillon, new york times bestselling author of america's reluctant prince, is back with the story of how wwii shaped the characters and politics of seven american presidents.world war ii loomed over the twentieth century, transforming every level of american society and international relationships and searing itself onto the psyche of an entire generation, including that of seven american presidents: john f. kennedy, dwight d. eisenhower, lyndon b. johnson, richard nixon, gerald ford, ronald reagan, and george h. w. bush. the lessons of world war ii, more than party affiliation or ideology, defined the presidencies of these seven men. they returned home determined to confront any force that threatened to undermine the war’s hard-won ideals, each with their own unique understanding of patriotism, sacrifice, and america’s role in global politics.in presidents at war, gillon examines what these men took away from the war and how they then applied it to cold war policies that proceeded to change america, and the world, forever. a nuanced and deeply researched exploration of the lives, philosophies, and legacies of seven remarkable men, presidents at war deftly argues that the lessons learned by these postwar presidents continue to shape the landscape upon which current, and future, presidents stand today.











three days in june


a new anne tyler novel destined to be an instant classic: a socially awkward mother of the bride navigates the days before and after her daughter's wedding.gail baines is having a bad day. to start, she loses her job—or quits, depending on whom you ask. tomorrow her daughter, debbie, is getting married, and she hasn’t even been invited to the spa day organized by the mother of the groom. then, gail’s ex-husband, max, arrives unannounced on her doorstep, carrying a cat, without a place to stay, and without even a suit.but the true crisis lands when debbie shares with her parents a secret she has just learned about her husband to be. it will not only throw the wedding into question but also stir up gail and max’s past.told with deep sensitivity and a tart sense of humor, full of the joys and heartbreaks of love and marriage and family life, three days in june is a triumph, and gives us the perennially bestselling, pulitzer prize–winning writer at the height of her powers.











cold as hell


new york times bestselling author kelley armstrong returns to haven’s rock in cold as hell as casey duncan hunts down a dangerous killer during a deadly blizzard.haven’s rock is a sanctuary town hidden deep in the yukon for those who need to disappear from the regular world. detective casey duncan and her husband, sheriff eric dalton, are starting a family now that they’ve settled into their life here. as casey nears the end of her pregnancy, she lets nothing, including her worried husband, stop her from investigating what happens in the forbidden forest outside the town of haven’s rock.when one of the town's residents is drugged and wanders too close to the edge of town, she’s dragged into the woods kicking and screaming. she’s saved in the nick of time, but the women of the town are alarmed. casey and eric investigate the assault just as a snowstorm hits haven’s rock, covering the forest. it’s there they find a frozen body, naked in the snow. with mixed accounts of the woman's last movements, the two begin to question who they can trust—and who they can't—in their seemingly safe haven.











picks and shovels


new york times bestselling author cory doctorow returns to the world of red team blues to bring us the origin story of martin hench and the most powerful new tool for crime ever invented: the personal computer.the year is 1986. the city is san francisco. here, martin hench will invent the forensic accountant--what a bounty hunter is to people, he is to money--but for now he's an mit dropout odd-jobbing his way around a city still reeling from the invention of a revolutionary new technology that will change everything about crime forever, one we now take completely for granted.when marty finds himself hired by silicon valley pc startup fidelity computing to investigate a group of disgruntled ex-employees who've founded a competitor startup, he quickly realizes he's on the wrong side. marty ditches the greasy old guys running fidelity computing without a second thought, utterly infatuated with the electric atmosphere of computing freedom. located in the heart of the mission, this group of brilliant young women found themselves exhausted by the predatory business practices of fidelity computing and set out to beat them at their own game, making better computers and driving fidelity computing out of business. but this optimistic startup, fueled by young love and california-style burritos, has no idea the depth of the evil they're seeking to unroot or the risks they run.in this company-eat-company city, martin and his friends will be lucky to escape with their lives.











emily wilde's compendium of lost tales


the third installment in the heartwarming and enchanting emily wilde series, about a curmudgeonly scholar of folklore and the fae prince she lovesemily wilde has spent her life studying faeries. a renowned dryadologist, she has documented hundreds of species of folk in her encyclopaedia of faeries. now she is about to embark on her most dangerous academic project yet: studying the inner workings of a faerie realm—as its queen.along with her former academic rival—now fiancé—the dashing and mercurial wendell bambleby, emily is immediately thrust into the deadly intrigues of faerie as the two of them seize the throne of wendell’s long-lost kingdom, which emily finds a beautiful nightmare filled with scholarly treasures.emily has been obsessed with faerie stories her entire life, but at first she feels as ill-suited to faerie as she did to the mortal world: how can an unassuming scholar such as herself pass for a queen? yet there is little time to settle in, for wendell’s murderous stepmother has placed a deadly curse upon the land before vanishing without a trace. it will take all of wendell’s magic—and emily’s knowledge of stories—to unravel the mystery before they lose everything they hold dear.book three of the emily wilde seriesdon’t miss any of heather fawcett’s charming emily wilde series:emily wilde’s encyclopaedia of faeries • emily wilde’s map of the otherlands • emily wilde’s compendium of lost tales










next




view all












find things to docheck out what's happening this month.














 









 









 












previous




next














get your library card!
 


learn more





















subscribe to our monthly email newsletter
stay up to date on the latest and greatest, be the first to receive library news, and get inspired every month! 

subscribe













 





visit us


     106 washington avenue
    oshkosh, wi 54901

directions to library
shop our online store

follow us


 



 






contact us


    adult services
920.236.5205


    youth services
920.236.5208


    circulation
920.236.5203


    community engagement librarian
920.236.5206



library hours


mon. - thurs. 9 a.m. - 8 p.m.


friday 9 a.m. - 6 p.m.


saturday 9 a.m. - 5 p.m.


sunday 1 p.m. - 5 p.m.







oshkosh area community foundation

website made possible with support from the john v. nichols digital library development fund.
 









back to top







oshkosh public library is a member of the winnefox library system



























