




passenger lists and emigrant ships - norway heritage








passenger lists and emigrant ships from norway heritage



home
ships
passenger lists
forum
gallery
contact










databases
our databases:

passenger lists & emigrants
index of ships, lines & agents
arrivals 1870-1894





recommended reading
the transatlantic crossing:

early norwegian emigrants  
steerage - between decks 
by sail - daily life 
children of the ocean 
sailing ship provisions
health and sickness
from sail to steam
by steamship across the ocean
the giant express steamers

hunting passenger lists: 

emigration records - sources - timeline
canadian records (1865-1935)
us arrivals - customs passenger lists
port of new york passenger records
norwegian emigration records
british outbound passenger lists







emigration from europe to america via canada 


the allan line, as a leading steamship operator, played a major role in making transatlantic migration safer, faster, and more accessible. many emigrants chose to travel via canada, taking advantage of the allan line's well-established steamship services. this route offered a reliable and affordable passage from great britain to north america, attracting emigrants bound for both canada and the united states.
    
read more about emigration from europe to america via canada - the allan line steamship company service.


200 years of norwegian emigration

 
in 2025, we mark the 200th anniversary of the first organized emigration from norway to america ­ a milestone that profoundly shaped the histories of both nations.
        norwayheritage has been a cornerstone in documenting and sharing the stories of norwegian emigrants. through detailed ship records, personal stories, and photographs, the site brings these historical journeys
        to life.
    
read more: help us preserve this legacy at norwayheritage


the sloopers - pioneers in norwegian emigration


"the sloopers" refers to the first organized group of 52 norwegian immigrants who journeyed to america in 1825. their voyage is often regarded as the beginning of norwegian mass emigration to the united states. the group earned the nickname "the sloopers" because they traveled on a small sloop named reataurationen. the sloopers hold a special place in norwegian-american history. their journey is celebrated as a symbol of courage, faith, and determination.
    
read more about  the sloopers



news from the forum, 10 last postings:
discuss subjects related to genealogy, hunting passenger lists, emigrant ships and norwegian heritage:

norway heritage forum







image gallery
view historic ship images and emigration documents.
 

steamships by shipping line
sailing ships
historic documents
the voyage
ports - harbors 
yards & construction 
miscellaneous
pioneers & settlements

            for copies and additional images, please visit heritage-ships.




on this day





featured article










© 1997-2024 norway heritage. all rights reserved.   for more information please read: terms, conditions and copyright





