











home - uinta county herald





































      sunday, february 16, 2025    





 log in
              



                search              



                e-edition              



                classifieds              



                subscribe              









 




            19 °
          



            forecast
          

















advanced search










toggle navigation




main menu






home



                    community news                  


                    obituaries                  


                    opinion                  


                    police reports                  


                    sports                  


                    e-edition                  



                    web extras 



                          agriculture                        


                          automotive                        


                          books                        


                          business                        


                          education & careers                        


                          entertainment                        


                          food                        


                          gardening                        


                          green living                        


                          health                        


                          home improvement                        


                          kids & family                        


                          lifestyle                        


                          money matters                        


                          outdoors                        


                          pets                        


                          real estate                        


                          seniors                        


                          spanish                        


                          tech                        


                          travel                        


                          trivia, history & games                        





                    send us your news! 



                          anniversary announcement                        


                          birth announcement                        


                          birthday announcement                        


                          engagement announcement                        


                          obituary announcement                        


                          wedding announcement                        


                          letters to the editor                        


                          report news                        


                          change of address                        


                          delivery issues                        


                          vacation stop                        




                    subscribe                  














top stories





avalanche kills evanston man













						evanston — “scott has always been a throttle junkie ever since he was old enough to walk,” said trevor harmon, the brother and business partner of scott wright who passed away when  …					



rip's burglar sentenced













						evanston — on jan. 30, jorden parks, a 34-year-old man from evanston, was sentenced by third district court judge james kaste after pleading no contest to a variety of crimes, including the  …					



man arrested, charged with abusing infant













						evanston — a 26-year-old evanston man, harry townsend, has been charged with one count of felony child abuse. according to a court affidavit filed on tuesday, jan. 28, an infant was taken by  …					







			more news			










						commission approves resolution that will delay evanston dump closure					


					evanston — during the uinta county commission meeting on tuesday, feb. 4, commissioners took the opportunity to advertise a few board vacancies. the fair board still has an opening for an  …				








						new aquatic center?					


					evanston — an aging swimming pool in evanston’s parks and recreation center brought recreation director kim larson to the jan. 22 meeting of the uinta county economic development  …				





						senate: homeowner property tax cut should be 25%, not 50%					


					cheyenne — state senators have cut a measure to give all wyoming homeowners property tax relief in half, after approving a 50% cut earlier this week. 

 the senate approved senate file 69,  …				





			read more local news			




 




e-edition




 




uinta county herald, february 12, 2025


view this issue



													browse other issues
											






















 

 









						community news					









uccd: it’s time to order seedling trees




						the uinta county conservation district is taking orders for seedling trees and shrubs to be delivered in the spring. 

 seedlings are a great, cost-effective way to establish conservation plantings  …					




 











local businesses donate to vfw auxiliary




						on jan. 9, vickie fruits, the vice president of the vfw auxiliary,   accepted a check for $13,750 from lori bateman of cowboy joe’s and sportsworld. the funds were raised during last  …					

















					addicted power sports buys now-closed basecamp inventory				







				evanston — after the owners of basecamp decided to close the doors for that evanston business, tim ray and addicted power sports partner, local veterinarian sam nelson, purchased all of the  …			



 














local sports













						red devils hoops swept at home by casper teams; rock springs next					


					it was a rough weekend at red devils gymnasium for the evanston high school boys’ basketball team, as they were swept by the visiting casper teams. 

 the weekend began friday with a 52-36  …				





						lady devils fall to kw, natrona county at home					


					the evanston high school girls’ basketball team struggled at home over the weekend, losing to kelly walsh friday and natrona county saturday to drop to 8-9 on the season. 

 the lady devils  …				








						ehs cheer takes fifth in 4a all-girl stunt division at state					


					the evanston high school cheer team was in casper late last month for the 2025 state spirit competition, and though the team was smaller in size and competing in a larger classification, the lady  …				



















ehs classics 3rd in jazz, hip hop at state spirit
resilience. 

 going into the 2024-25 school year, that was the one-word challenge the evanston high school classics chose as their mantra, the word that would come to define their season as they  …








red devils 3rd, lady devils 11th at lander
it was a solid weekend of competition for the evanston high school wrestling teams, as the red devils finished third and the lady devils 11th at the lander valley invitational friday and saturday. 

  …








red devils tame tigers, wolves at home
the evanston high school boys’ hoops team opened 4a west conference play thursday in fine fashion, edging out i-80 rival rock springs 61-59. 

 the red devils then followed that friday with a  …














 

 











building community and healthy bodies and minds through exercise




							evanston — “crossfit training helps a person to become a stronger version of themself,” farjana abdul told the herald in a recent interview. abdul is the owner and operator of  …						


local army veteran reflects on decades of service




							evanston — “the army was the least likely to put me on a ship,” evanston veteran james “jim” hirt told the herald. “and i get seasick,” added hirt, a native  …						



				more local features				


 








obituaries








james paul francom
aug. 29, 1957 – jan. 25, 2025

							james paul francom was born aug. 29, 1957, in ogden, utah, a son of paul marcus francom and eleanor clay francom. he lived in ogden then moved to mountain green. james was the oldest of three  …						









jolene janway (butcher)
dec. 11, 1952 – jan. 17, 2025

							jolene janway, 72, of evanston, passed away peacefully on friday, jan. 17, surrounded by her family. she was born on dec. 11, 1952, in roosevelt, utah, to james and ruth butcher. 

 jolene raised  …						









trevor dean hiner 
jan. 9, 1984 – jan. 21, 2025

							most beloved son of kerri lamb of evanston, and alfred dean hiner of hawaii, trevor dean hiner passed away in seoul, korea, while attempting to save the life of a citizen of korea. 

 this selfless  …						









joyce pyatt casey
oct. 9, 1930 – jan. 28, 2025

							joyce pyatt casey, 94, passed away on tuesday, jan. 28, in thermopolis. joyce was born on oct. 9, 1930, in hutchinson, kansas. she married edward d. casey on nov. 1, 1949. they were married 35 years  …						









steven roy brent
july 21, 1960 – jan. 25, 2025

							steven roy brent, age 64, of evanston, passed away fighting and determined on saturday, jan. 25, with friends by his side. 

 born on july 21, 1960, in napa, california, to betty pease and billy  …						






			more obituaries			


 








public notices





uinta county herald legal notices, february 12, 2025

							in the district court of the third judicial district 

 in and for the county of uinta, state of wyoming 

 in the matter of the estate of:  …						






uinta county herald legal notices, february 5, 2025

							wyoming department of transportation 

 cheyenne, wyoming 

 notice of acceptance of and final settlement for highway work 

 notice is hereby given that the wyoming department of  …						






uinta county herald legal notices, january 15, 2025

							notice of public hearing 

 a public hearing will be held on tuesday, january 21, at 5:30 p.m. at city hall, 1200 main street, evanston, wyoming to solicit public comments regarding a proposed  …						






			more legal notices			


 

















 
















opinion





how to find your cellphone in five easy steps

w ell, i’ve done it again. i’ve misplaced my cellphone. when i’m home, i keep it on my desk. except when i don’t. and apparently i didn’t. thus begins a frantic search,  …









webb, et al: we’re listening to voters, not ‘expert class’


				as candidates, we did something radical this last election. while campaigning, we made it a point to also listen to what voters had to say. our group even invested in some polling to confirm what we  …			










poll










why wyoming is pursuing a dollar-backed stable token
the united states’ national debt surpassed the unconscionable amount of $36 trillion in november. december’s treasury report estimated $1.22 trillion in interest payments for the fiscal  …








think before asking for harmful tax cuts
editor: 

 while i feel this letter may not be agreed with by some, i feel it is important to say. property taxes are high, and i realize that it has put a burden on some folks; however, there is  …





			read more opinion content			








find us on facebook

facebook














						wyoming news					













school cellphone ban dies on senate floor

							cheyenne (wne) — tuesday afternoon, the wyoming senate rejected a measure that would have required local school boards to craft a cellphone policy to restrict use during instructional time. 

  …						









herald awarded at annual wpa convention

							the uinta county herald was recognized during the 126th annual wyoming press association convention, held jan. 16-18, at the little america in cheyenne. 

 the contest included entries originally  …						









bills targeting predator torture, snowmobile hunting could make infamous wolf stunt a felony

							cheyenne — sophomore representative andrew byron’s appointment to chair the house travel, recreation, wildlife and cultural resources committee was a real honor. 

 the new authority  …						









elk tests positive for chronic wasting disease on pinedale-area feedground

							jackson — for the first time, an elk has tested positive for chronic wasting disease on a western wyoming wapiti feedground, areas that wildlife biologists have long seen as a risk for disease  …						






missing pilot, plane found after fatal crash and search in sweetwater county

							rock springs (wne) — the search for a missing pilot and aircraft that began on tuesday culminated wednesday, jan. 15, with the discovery of the crash site in a remote area near little mountain,  …						






			more wyoming news			


 







						web extras					









ai chatbots are becoming romance scammers — and 1 in 3 people admit they could fall for one




						(bpt) - by mcafeeit started with a dm.for five months, 25-year-old computer programmer maggie k. exchanged daily messages with the man she met on instagram, convinced she had found something  …					


10 can't-miss places to visit in the winter




						are you looking for trip ideas to embrace the cold weather months? copilot compiled 10 drivable u.s. locations that are ideal for winter visits.					

 





noaa’s vast public weather data powers the local forecasts on your phone and tv – a private company alone couldn’t match it




						noaa operates fleets of satellites, sensors on airplanes and ocean-going buoys, as well as radar, providing the data used by weather forecasters nationwide – and freely available to anyone.					


the best spring break destinations for both kids and their parents




						(bpt) - spring break takes on a whole new meaning when you become a parent. but that doesn't mean adults have to sacrifice all the fun for their kids.kalahari resorts & conventions, home to  …					

 





start the day by sharing a heartwarming breakfast




						(family features) 
    whether your brunch favorites include bananas foster french toast or peanut butter and apple, enjoying a meal together is a heartwarming way to start the day.					


kendrick lamar’s big super bowl moment




						the rapper has mastered the delicate balance between commercial success and politically charged music. how far will he push the envelope on one of the world’s biggest stages?					



				read more web extra content				


 










 








flipp



featured local savings


 












                  849 front st evanston wy
                                  phone: 307-789-6560





links of interest


              contact us            


              terms of service            




get social


 



 











          © copyright 2025 uinta county herald        

powered by creative circle media solutions







 


