







mental research institute

















































































































        about
      

        leadership
      

        apply for a grant
      

        blog
      

        contact
      



        funded projects
      

        donate
      





















































































aboutleadershipapply for a grantblogcontact











funded projectsdonate









scroll






  

funding research, training, and practice stronger, togetherno man is an island. no woman exists independent of her family, culture, friends, and living conditions. no child is free from emotional influence. no problem can be solved in isolation.at the mental research institute (mri) we explore and support the development of innovative interactional systemic approaches to understanding and improving human relationships.  if you are an academic or research institute based investigator seeking funding for a research project that aligns with our mission, you have come to the right place.

  






contributing to your success

mri is committed to funding research that empowers individuals through improved communication and relationships. mri is looking to fund and act on innovative programs and research that improve human relationships in all segments of society. 
please visit learn about new grant opportunities here.








 











“a population of four million is not quantitatively but qualitatively different from an individual, because it involves systems of interaction among the individuals.”.— paul watzlawick, change



 






 













our direction
we continue to advance breakthrough discoveries of our founders in systems theory by offering grants to support this work. our goal is to strengthen our impact and leverage ongoing research advances in psychology, social systems, and interactional approaches to human relationships.











 

15,000 people impacted in the us, latin america, europe and asia.

 

1,000+ publications in english and many translations throughout the world.

 

60years of training, research and practice.



funding



do you have a project that advances interactional approaches to human relationships? please describe the work of your organization and the focus of your project. 






      
        apply
      
    


apply





              name
              
                *




first name





last name





              email
              
                *





              organization
              
            




              website
              
            




              message
              
            
we look forward to hearing from you.






thank you for reaching out. you will hear back from us shortly.






read our grant application guidelines. 

   




 











make a donation
we greatly appreciate donations. every dollar you donate goes directly into grants (not administration), so your contribution will directly benefit our funding recipients. please contact us to discuss specific types of projects under consideration that you are most interested in supporting.



donate






 






introduction



contributing to your success



what we do



our direction



funding



donate












receive important grant news and updates.
stay in the know.





first name



last name




email address






sign up




privacy and termsthe mri (mental research institute,  also sometimes informally referred to as the palo alto school) no longer offers any type of training.  we do not have any training center representing us nor do we have any school or representatives anywhere in the world.  anyone offering training, represented as the mri model, maintains full responsibility for their training program and its content and is not sponsored by, or affiliated with, mri in any way.
thank you for your interest in the mental research institute ! please make sure to look for a follow-up email to confirm your suscription.







mental research institute
671 oak grove avenue,
menlo park, ca, 94025,
united states
6503213055
director@mri.org


hours






mental research institute (mri)(650) 321-3055mri@mri.org671 oak grove avenue suite h, menlo park, ca 94025






































home about leadership apply for a grant contact donate﻿









