



cypress media group, ad agency, pr firm, training company, lansing, mi




























cypress media group



advertising. public relations. training.




contact us













toggle navigation





cypress media group





advertising
public relations
training seminars
articles
contact









latest news











cypress media group adds professional musician groups as public relations clients

					cypress media group continues to expand its representation of professional musician groups for public relations services.
				

					we currently represent or have recently represented the following clients:
				


					atlanta symphony orchestra players association
				

					baltimore symphony orchestra musicians
				

				    chicago lyric opera orchestra
				
dallas symphony players association
grand rapids symphony musicians association

					international conference of symphony and opera musicians
				

					met orchestra musicians
				

					milwaukee symphony orchestra players council
				
músicos de la orquesta sinfónica de puerto rico, inc. (mospr)
musicians of the kennedy center opera house orchestra
musicians of the chicago symphony orchestra
musicians of the fort worth symphony orchestra
musicians of the hartford symphony orchestra
musicians of the virginia symphony

		            nashville symphony orchestra musicians
		        
philadelphia orchestra musicians
pittsburgh symphony members association

		            san francisco opera orchestra
		        

					save our symphony minnesota
				

					utah symphony orchestra players association
				

					voices of valor
				







featured articles












make sentence structure work for you











ask a reporter questions











six principles of technical writing











how to close internet sales leads










testimonials








"i took your presentation skills course in early march. a week ago i had the opportunity to put into practice all that i learned. during our annual retreat, i presented about 30 minutes worth of information to my co-workers, supervisors, and the vp of our department. i cannot believe how smoothly everything went. even my co-workers were enthusiastic about my presentation and encouraged me to do more public speaking so that others would recognize my skills. i just wanted to thank you for providing me with the tools i needed to be an effective presenter."



m. h., project manager
 , 
atlanta, ga





"i just received a forwarded voicemail from our president which was originally from one of the class participants. he raved about the class and you. that is probably the 5th compliment i have received since yesterday. the class was a huge success. and, since i'm the one that found you, you really made me look good!"











"i cannot say enough about randy whatley and the guidance he has given the musicians of the pittsburgh symphony orchestra. we just endured one of the darkest moments in our history with a two-month strike. his wealth of knowledge and expertise proved to be invaluable to our efforts. he quickly organized our 101-member group, identified the strengths of each individual, and trained us to face our challenges head on. the agreement we reached during the negotiations is due in no small part to randy's commitment to our cause. i give him my highest recommendation."



micah howard
 , 
double bass and chair of the orchestra committee, pittsburgh symphony orchestra; artist lecturer, carnegie mellon university





"“randy whatley has helped baltimore symphony musicians immensely in the time period--less than two full years--since we first engaged him. he has helped those of us on the players committee realize our long-held determination to get more musicians actively involved in our organizing efforts, all of which have supported the committee in its collective bargaining with the symphony. out of 83 musicians, i believe that approximately 40-50 have been involved in various outreach, publicity, fundraising, and other activities, and many musicians not on the committee have taken on leadership roles along the way. our audiences, our citizens, our board and bso management have seen the results of all this activity in the form of newsletters, public informal concerts at public libraries, etc. some of my favorite aspects of randy's work are his availability, his generosity, and his great ability to help us respond quickly to both predictable and unforeseen developments."



greg mulligan
 , 
chair, baltimore symphony orchestra players committee; bso musicians icsom representative






"our public identity and media presence are on the rise, thanks to cypress media group's work on our behalf. their media plan, their top-notch media training, and the cutting-edge web site they helped us build make us stand apart from the multitude of nonprofits in our community."



nonprofit director







"i just received a forwarded voicemail from our president, which was originally from one of the class participants. he raved about the class and you. that is probably the 5th compliment i have received since yesterday. the class was a huge success. and, since i'm the one who found you, you really made me look good!"











"catherine is a phenomenal teacher for writing technical documents.  i appreciate the use of our agency’s examples, and i enjoyed the in-depth exercises through the course.  the course was very engaging and thorough, and i would highly recommend it.  excellent  job.  catherine is so organized, i love it!  such a great positive energy, too!"











"was great!  very clear written materials and useful presentation/walk through of materials - all with a great sense humor.  nice balance between listening and participating in group activities.  thank you so much for providing this outstanding training!"











"catherine was awesome and very knowledgeable about everything.  the group activities helped a lot and made the class go by quickly.  this class was a lot more useful than i expected—this should be offered again, required even!"














featured training












cubicle etiquette training











teleprompter training and coaching











writing technical documents training











presentation skills training















get in touch

770-640-9918
info@cypressmedia.net
www.cypressmedia.net









































copyright cypress media group 2017












