









st mary parish | services in the community - saint mary parish | hospital |








































 





			skip to content		



saint mary parish | hospital |
the oldest catholic parish in the since 1795




 







st mary parish | services in the community 

saint mary’s has a new website! visit www.stmaryoldtown.org
this week’s bulletin today’s mass readings
lenten observances
st. mary’s parish information booklet (pdf) – updated february 2014
interested in getting married at st. mary’s? learn our parish policies on the sacrament of matrimony. for floral arrangements, please contact the parish office by phone at (703) 836-4100.
need help after an abortion?




parish calendar







 march prayer intentions
teens – check out the saint mary’s youths’ blog




hurting after abortion? come home. post abortion complications and pain.







mary martha guild by devoting one hour or more per week, guild members maintain our church in harmony with the liturgical calendar. all parishioners are welcome to become members.
changes to the liturgy (pdf)
changes in the people’s parts of the mass, and more resources on the roman missal from the usccb
the mass in latin (1970 missal) the regular 10:00 a.m. mass on the first sunday of the month is celebrated in latin. this form of mass is the regular mass most catholics are used to (“novus ordo,” or “ordinary form of the roman rite”), only celebrated in latin. click here for the ordo missæ cum populo in latin and english. audio files of the latin mass are now available.
learn to pray in latin “…steps should be taken so that the faithful may also be able to say or to sing together in latin those parts of the ordinary of the mass which pertain to them.” (ii vatican council, sacrosanctum concilium, article 54) click here for a guide to pronouncing ecclesiastical latin, from the thesaurus precum latinarum.
 pater noster  (our father) pater noster, qui es in cælis: sanctificétur nomen tuum; advéniat regnum tuum; fiat volúntas tua, sicut in cælo, et in terra. panem nostrum cotidiánum da nobis hódie; et dimítte nobis débita nostra, sicut et nos dimíttimus debitóribus nostris; et ne nos indúcas in tentatiónem; sed líbera nos a malo. amen.





 saint mary catholic church

web comments/questions: web@saintmaryparish.net
saint mary parish

 

 
 


 



 glory be to the father, and to the son, and to the holy spirit. as it was in the beginning, is now, and ever shall be, world without end. amen.

st mary parish | services in the community
about saint mary’s
parish staff
parish activities
contact us
does your loved one need rehab?
should rehab be a last resort?
what to expect from a residential rehab treatment
caroline mcdougall – counselling
daniel croke : the secret philanthropists
 



saint mary parish | hospital |

					proudly powered by wordpress				














