






prudent minds – trade ideas for investors & forex traders





















skip to content



prudent minds
trade ideas for investors & forex traders











savingshow to save money with credit cards 


the way you save is as important as how much you save. in other words, saving money can only help you become more secure and give you a financial cushion in case of a crisis. you would want to set aside money for those unexpected emergencies so that you won’t go into debt just to cover your necessities.
if you have a tight budget and think that saving money is only good for expensive items, think again. this article will provide you with some tips on saving money. read on for some tips on saving more money.
when you receive payments from your job or from other sources, write down the date, amount, and payee on all your bank statements. keeping track of every transaction can be really difficult to keep a record of each payment will help you in the long run.
you should never wait until there is no money left at the end of the month before you start saving. even if you find yourself in this situation, take the money you would have saved out of your salary and set it aside for emergencies. you do not have to wait until you are unable to pay anything. you could still save.
before you buy anything new, use your credit card for smaller purchases. by using your credit card you could lower your monthly expenses. this would reduce your monthly expenditure and make you save more money.
if you have the ability to borrow money from someone, this is also one of the best ways to save money. you could get an advance on your savings or a loan to put the money you save to work immediately. this would help you save money right away and increase your income.
if you don’t have enough emergency cash to use in the event of an accident or illness, you could borrow money from your family. the family members who can lend you money would usually have an interest in your welfare and would not object to paying back the money you borrowed. this would allow you to save money and pay for future emergencies.
the way you save money is as important as what you plan your personal budget to be. do not be afraid of taking on some extra money in case of emergency.
even when you have extra money, try to pay off your debts as soon as possible. do not delay paying off your debt for too long. you will have an easier time paying them off in the future.
before you apply for credit cards, you should look at the interest rates and terms. you need to compare these rates with your current card balances. make sure you know what you will be spending and how much you will be paying for your next credit card. compare the rates to see which cards offer you the best interest rates.
another thing to consider when applying for credit cards is the minimum monthly payment you would have to make. if you already have a high interest rate then getting credit card after card might just raise the rates even higher. if you have no credit history, you might want to stick to one card or look into secured cards.
if you are going to use credit cards to make purchases, try to pay off your balance in full each month. this would allow you to save money by paying fewer monthly bills. credit cards are very tempting but they should not be used if you have no credit or no savings.
by following these tips you will find that you can save money with credit cards while still having access to many of the things you need. saving money does not have to be hard.


november 14, 2023leave a comment 






tipsbecome an investor 


an investor is any person who invests in the hope of receiving a future gain or return from the investment. these types of investments can be in a variety of places, including, real property, stock, bonds, money market and bond funds. most of these types of investments are very speculative and involve risks of loss. it’s important that you understand what it means to be an investor and how to go about investing.
there are two types of investors, which are known as institutional and individual. in general, an investor is someone who invests with the hope of a certain future financial gain or return. one of the most common types of investors is the stock market, where a person can invest and make money by trading stocks. there are many different kinds of stocks, including the blue chip stocks, the small cap stocks, the high yield stocks, the growth stocks, etc.
each investor has different requirements for their investment strategy. some investors invest only in penny stocks, while others may take a much longer time to determine whether they’re going to stick around.
some investors invest in different types of business. these could be restaurants, companies that offer services, and even people. some investors are more involved in real estate investment, where they take on the risk of the land, buildings, inventory, and all of the expenses associated with maintaining a business.
the term investing itself can mean different things to different people. many people define investing as buying and selling a security, stock, bond, certificate of deposit or any other form of investment. you may also be familiar with other types of investing, such as trading, buying and selling shares, futures, options and forex.
it’s an investor’s responsibility to analyze the business and its risks and rewards before investing. they should also keep track of their transactions as well as keep track of their net worth, tax returns and their personal finances so they can have confidence in their financial management.
the different types of investors include those who specialize in one particular type of investing or in a variety of types. some specialize in the stock market, while others invest in commodities, mutual funds, exchange traded funds, hedge funds and indexes, or treasury bills.
the first step to becoming an investor would be to research your chosen area of interest to see if there are any areas you would like to invest in. once you’ve determined the type of investing you’re interested in, you’ll need to find someone who specializes in the area of interest to do the research and help you become an investor. the best way to do this is to join a financial planning firm, where you will be taught about the different types of investing and their different methods for investing.
there are some financial planners that work exclusively on financial planning. others do general planning, or a combination of general and specific financial planning. it’s important to understand the difference between what each person does in order to become an investor.
in addition to being a financial planner, it is important to learn how to invest before investing. some investments will produce income, while others will not. learn as much as you can about these types of investments before investing. you can learn more from day trade methods.
when starting out, it is very important to learn as much as you can about your investor’s investment portfolio. this is an important step in becoming an investor. when you are investing, the more you understand about your portfolio, the better prepared you’ll be to make an informed investment decision about which of your investments to make.
to become an investor, the basics of being an investor include research, analysis, learning as much as you can about the investment you are considering, taking advantage of your investment training and staying organized. these are the foundation of becoming an investor.


november 14, 2023leave a comment 






tipsusing covered calls 


a covered call is an investment market transaction where the buyer of covered calls has the right to buy or sell stock or securities at the strike price, or closing price on a date later than the agreed upon date, but not to exceed the amount of cover specified in the contract. these types of transactions can be used by both parties, as long as they are within their rights.
when a stock holder, for example, purchases a covered call and is willing to sell within the terms of the contract, but is held by the stock issuer’s right of redemption, then the purchase of such a call does not reduce the stock holder’s stock ownership percentage and therefore it would be a negative exercise on the call. however, if such a purchase results in a decrease in stock price, then it could be considered as a positive exercise.
covered calls are not usually made by small businesses. it is more commonly used by large financial institutions and hedge funds, which use such contracts to purchase securities to increase the amount of capital they own. however, small businesses can also benefit from a covered call, since they can purchase the stock at a lower price in a covered sale than the actual price at which the stock was purchased. the effect of this is that the small business owner is able to capitalize on the lower value of the stock by making a profit.
although there are various forms of covered calls available, all covered calls require the same basic components. the key components include: the strike price, expiration date, and the amount of protection. in order to properly analyze a particular call contract, it is important to understand the details of the strike price, expiration date, and the amount of coverage.
the strike price refers to the price per share that is set by the issuer and is used to determine the amount of cover required for a covered sale. if the strike price is higher than the market price, the buyer is entitled to buy the shares at a reduced cost. on the flip side, if the strike price is lower than the market price, the buyer will lose his entire investment.
the expiration date refers to the period after which a covered sale will become unprofitable, in which case it becomes unenforceable. during the time after the expiration date, no one is allowed to buy or sell the stocks, as well as the underlying securities, unless the contract was renewed for a shorter period. this is called re-entry. the period can be as short as six months, or as long as five years.
the amount of protection refers to the amount of cover, which is offered by the issuer, which must be determined prior to purchase, before any call is made. usually, larger amounts of coverage are recommended, since losses are likely to be more severe.
when a call is made, potential buyers typically will attempt to negotiate terms, in which case they will attempt to reduce the amount of protection by increasing the strike price. however, some sellers have a tendency to try to negotiate for an increased amount of protection, so that they have more leverage in the negotiations.
option contracts are an integral part of many financial products, including the s&p option. these contracts are similar to covered calls in the sense that the value of the underlying security is locked in for a specific period of time, before the option expires. while options offer the purchaser a great deal of flexibility, they are also used in situations where the seller has no other legal means of protecting his investment.
option contracts are typically purchased by financial institutions, with the objective of obtaining a reduction in risk by reducing the premium that is paid to the seller. these are known as margin accounts.
options are not only useful in times of financial crisis, but are also used for hedging strategies. this is especially true in situations where the stock prices have declined dramatically. in other words, when the stock price is expected to decline further than it has fallen, it is possible to hedge against the negative impact of the decline by purchasing additional stocks to offset the loss.


november 14, 2023leave a comment 






tipsoptions trading 


options trading has been a popular market for investors over the years. the stock market and the bond market are two examples of where options trading comes in.
options trading in the stock market is simply buying or selling a stock, index or bond based on the option that the buyer has. when the option buyer makes the contract he or she is giving the seller the right to sell the underlying stock at the agreed upon strike price within a certain period of time, which will be stated as a time period. in options trading, an option is basically a contractual agreement that grants the buyer, the right to buy or sell an underlying asset, instrument or security at a stated strike price before or on a specific date, based on the terms of the contract. the buyer may also pay a premium for the right to purchase, called a margin or premium.
the most common option being traded today is the call option, which gives the seller the right to purchase a stock or bond at an agreed upon price in the future. the seller must pay a specific amount of money, which is called a premium, or mark up before the contract is fully exercised. if the buyer holds the option for a certain period of time, he or she can exercise the right to purchase the underlying asset, while if the buyer does not exercise the right to purchase the underlying asset, he or she does not have the option and the seller must not sell the stock.
options on equities is also a popular option trading. equity options are contracts for the seller to purchase a certain share of stock or bond at a price specified by the buyer. the buyer may also pay a premium, a margin or premium for this right to purchase.
there are also trading strategies that investors can use when trading options on stocks and bonds. some strategies include taking advantage of trends such as a rising market, or falling markets. some other strategies involve the use of the futures markets, or hedging.
when trading options, it is important to be knowledgeable about the options you are considering so you are not surprised later on. it is also important to get the advice of a professional broker when trading options since they are the best persons to help you understand the risk and return for your investment.


november 14, 2023leave a comment 






uncategorizeda few tips for beginners looking to get involved in investing and stock trading 


the market has certainly shown its volatility in recent months, hasn’t it? that being said, with money to invest, you can’t let the market captivate your emotions. if you’re an investor, you have to remain an investor and stay in it for the long haul. you can certainly day trade and swing trade, but for the average person, that’s a good way to get burned. the best way to get started, in my opinion, is to read some stock trading course reviews and see which is the best place to start.
primarily, many people don’t have enough money to day trade. some do, and they are good at it, too. yet day traders will tell you that they win some and lose some. i have an investment mentor and friend that has told me about his huge wins and his huge losses. to be truthful, that can, of course, happen when it comes to regular investing, too, especially as your nest egg gets larger.
yet one thing about investing is that everything represents a paper loss until you sell. you’re not losing anything until you sell. but to be clear, those sells are sometimes necessary. you are going to have to decide when it’s time to sell, and stop losses can sometimes be necessary.
there are many different ways to approach investing and let me tell you that you certainly need a plan. without a solid plan, you’re going to be spinning your wheels. it’s very important that you think about what you want to do and stick with that plan. that doesn’t mean you’re not going to be buying and selling. you have to think about what type of investor you want to be, and you certainly need to learn as much as you can.
i used to think i knew a lot about investing, but i have learned so much recently. for example, i have learned a lot more about stock options and how they can be used as insurance and to make money on the market whether it rises or falls. i have also learned a lot about the newer crypto market and about the forex market as well.
when it comes to individual stocks, i like to buy, hold and build. i plan to grow my portfolio and provide monthly investment updates. i want to utilize stock options, and i want to invest in the crypto and forex markets. i have dabbled in all of the above over and over again, and i am preparing to really launch my business.
writing and investing is what i do. if you are passionate as well about investing, then it’s time to learn as much as you can. utilizing options, remember that you can make money in the market whether it goes up or down. you have to understand, however, that nothing is a guarantee.
remember, learn as much as you can. realize that while the market has been on a downtrend in recent months, it is still at extremely high levels compared to what it was prior to 2016 and post-recession. no one can tell the future. if you’re going to be an investor, you are going to have to really research those moves.


november 14, 2023november 14, 2023leave a comment 






uncategorizedinvesting and stock trading tips for beginners 


are you interested in investing and stock trading? are you a beginner? if so, then there are a few tips you’ll want to keep in mind. our top tips for beginners include:
write down long-term goals
take time to think about what your long-term goals are and then jot them down. what is your main reason/reasons for wanting to invest in stocks? do you want to save for retirement, to pay for college in the future or are you planning on buying a new home or do you want to build wealth? it doesn’t matter how small or large your goals are, make sure to write them down.
having goals is important. it allows you to create an investment strategy that will likely help you reach your goals. for example, if your goal is to make as much as possible within a short period of time, then you’ll likely want to create an aggressive investment strategy, but be aware that the risks are extremely high with aggressive investing.
keep emotions in check
you’ve probably heard this before, but it is worth repeating and that is to keep your emotions in check when it comes to investing and stock trading. if you get emotional while trading, then you could lose out on the huge potential for profit or you could lose a lot of money in general. for example, if you’ve invested in a stock that is currently not performing well and you decide to take all your cash out of it, the stock could very well go up the following day or throughout the week. this means you’re out of money, and you could have made some serious profits.
create a game plan, stick with it and don’t get emotional. this does take a bit of practice, but it does get easier over time. eventually, you’ll learn how to keep your emotions in check.
set stop losses
when you buy a stock, you can set a stop loss. this means if the stock’s price goes down to a certain price, then the platform will automatically sell the stock at the stop loss price you set. this is a way of preventing you from losing all of your money. do not underestimate the power and usefulness of setting stop losses.
diversification is important
don’t plow all of your money into one stock and hope for the best. sometimes this works, sometimes it doesn’t. one thing is for sure, and that is you’re taking on more risk than necessary by doing this.
instead, diversify your investments. consider investing an equal amount of money into at least 3-5 companies. that way if a few of them lose money, but 1-2 of them make huge gains, then you could still come out on top.
when it comes to investing and stock trading, you want to diversify your investments. setting up stop losses is a good idea and so is creating a game plan and keeping your emotions in check. if you do those things, eventually you will be successful in the stock market.


november 14, 2023november 14, 2023leave a comment 






uncategorized8 reasons to start investing and stock trading 


if you are thinking about investing and stock trading, you should get started. investing helps you to build financial stability and wealth.
stock trading has several benefits. it is easy to trade stocks online. there are no constraints of time. it does not require educational qualifications. there is no business like online stock trading.
the following are the top reasons to start investing and stock trading.
1. stay ahead of inflation
if your money is not growing, you may end up losing it over time. why? because of inflation. the purchasing power of money declines due to inflation.
it is easy to stay ahead of inflation. choose an investment that has a return of around 7%. the returns increase the value of your money.
2. investing helps to build wealth
rich people are good investors. this is how they build their wealth. are you serious about building your wealth? if yes, start investing your money. create investing plans that will help you achieve your financial goals.
3. investing help you meet your financial goals
do you have financial goals? how do you plan on achieving these goals? use investing. for example, when you have a long-term goal, such as college fund for your children, investing your money can help you achieve this goal faster.
4. work anywhere
if you are doing online stock trading, you can trade stocks anywhere in the world. you just need a computer and an internet connection. it is easy to trade stocks. you will make money in the comfort of your home.
also, there is no time constraints and restrictions. you can trade during the day or at night. trade when you are most active.
5. complete freedom
there are so many stocks to choose from. you can invest in any stock you want. you are your own boss. do thorough research, especially if you want to pick the right stocks consistently.
6. make money in minutes
experience and educated online stock traders make money in minutes. they can easily know the trends in the stock market. and it takes a few seconds to execute a trade online. so, they make money quickly.
7. there is no investment limit
online stock trading does not have investment thresholds. invest as much as you want. in fact, you can start with a low amount. if you are good at stock trading, you will grow your investment quickly.
the good thing is that you get your returns quickly. reinvest the returns, especially if you want to get rich trading stocks.
8. no experience
when you are trading stocks online, these platforms will not ask for your background, experience, and qualifications. you just have to teach yourself how to trade stocks. but with time, you will start making money trading stocks online.
these are the top reasons to start investing and stock trading. wealthy people are good at investing. they invest in the best businesses. some hire investors to invest their money. if you have been thinking about building real wealth, you should consider investing and stock trading. they are easy to understand. and they do not require huge capital.


november 14, 2023november 14, 2023leave a comment 









				theme by stackable.			










