





california invasive plant council – protecting california’s environment and economy from invasive plants

















































 













support cal-ipc






california invasive plant council



protecting california’s environment and economy from invasive plants





menumenuhomeabout

mission and valuesdirectors and stafffinancial statementscontact us
plants

plants a to zplants in horticulturethe cal-ipc inventoryabout invasive plants
resources

publication & video librarycal-ipc symposiumdispatch newslettercalweedmapperweedcutvolunteer resourcesstudents & emerging professionals sectioncal-ipc shop
solutions

management & edrrwmas & regional partnershipsmapping & prioritizationpreventionclimate adaptationpolicyresearchawareness campaigns
support cal-ipc

membershipways to givecreate a legacy





search for:


search







home 



cal-ipc works to stop the spread of invasive plants across california...

  2025 cal-ipc symposium, nov. 12-15

  invasive spartina project

  safe and effective herbicide use

see all our projects

cal-ipc provides science-based tools  and information to help land managers and others make the best choices for california. find some useful links below.



land managers


inventory of invasive plants
best management practices
calweedmapper
invasive plant management
weedcut decision support tool




all californians


don’t spread invasive species
don’t plant a pest landscaping alternatives
plants to avoid in landscaping
volunteer resources




landscape pros


tips for responsible landscaping
checklist for california landscaping
don’t plant a pest landscaping alternatives
plants in horticulture





cal-ipc spotlight


new cal-ipc gear on sale!
our 2024 design celebrates diversity and inclusivity – order yours now!

cal-ipc has a new strategic plan
the cal-ipc board has approved our 2025-2030 strategic plan, outlining a bold vision for our organization’s future. 

preparing for wildland fire: a step-by-step guide
this guide describes steps that can be taken to avoid, minimize, or mitigate the introduction and spread of invasive species before and during wildland fire.

report: protecting rare plants from invasive plants
this report analyzes the risk of impacts from invasive plants to more than seven hundred populations of fifty federally listed plant species in the central coast of california

weedcut decision support tool
find guidance for a range of non-chemical weed control techniques, with the ability to filter by weed and site characteristics.

best management practices for non-chemical weed control
comprehensive descriptions of 21 commonly used non-chemical weed control techniques and of biological control agents.

stewarding california’s biodiversity: edrr for invasive plants
this white paper provides background, a description of existing efforts, and recommendations for strengthening the state’s early detection rapid response capacity.

land manager’s guide to developing an invasive plant management plan
this comprehensive guide is designed to be applicable at any scale and to help you create a land management plan that is strategic, integrative, and adaptive to changing conditions.

invasive-free landscaping
our invasive plant checklist for california landscaping compiles information from the cal-ipc inventory, plantright, and the cdfa noxious weed list to help landscape professionals avoid using invasive plants.









join our email list
sign up to receive information about cal-ipc's upcoming events and project updates.
join our email list
your email: *select list(s) to subscribe tocal-ipc webform yes, i would like to receive emails from california invasive plant council. (you can unsubscribe anytime. we won't sell or give away your email address.)constant contact use. please leave this field blank.by submitting this form, you are consenting to receive marketing emails from: california invasive plant council. you can revoke your consent to receive emails at any time by using the safeunsubscribe® link, found at the bottom of every email. emails are serviced by constant contact

contact us
california invasive plant council
1442-a walnut st. #462
berkeley, ca 94709

p: 510-843-3902
f: 510-217-3500

info@cal-ipc.org

501(c)(3) nonprofit | tax id: 68-0289333
	
	cal-ipc is an equal opportunity provider. read our non-discrimination statement.


connect with us







© 2006-2025 california invasive plant council. site by fila design.



























