





the austin healey club ltd


























cookie consent
our website uses cookies in order to function properly.
we do not use advertising cookies on the site, but we do use analytics cookies.  you may choose not to allow analytics
        cookies, but please bear in mind that they are used to help us see how people are using the austinhealeyclub.com and
        that by not allowing them, it makes it harder for us to manage the site.
you can either accept all, or tailor the settings and click save settings.
        for more information, please see our legal statement and privacy notice.


strictly necessary cookies
these cookies are required for the proper functioning of the website.  these cookies are all
            first party and store essential information such as your login session and your cookie consent preferences.


analytics cookies
these cookies are used for monitoring traffic to the website.  they are not needed for the
            proper functioning of the website, but allowing them helps us to properly manage the site.  they collect
            information about how you use the website, which pages you visited and which links you clicked on. all of the data
            is anonymized and cannot be used to identify you.

namedomaindescription

^_gaaustinhealeyclub.comgoogle analytics
_gataustinhealeyclub.comgoogle analytics
_gidaustinhealeyclub.comgoogle analytics





accept allsave settings







cookie consent
our website needs to use cookies in order to function properly.
            click accept all to accept cookies, or manage settings to choose which cookies you wish to accept.


accept allmanage settings












 toggle main menu visibility


home
membership
who we are

centres
officers


the cars

about the cars

donald healey
the warwick healeys
the big healeys
the sprites
the jensen healeys

marque registers 


what's on?

noggin & natters
action planner


information

gallery
revcounter
chairman's message
healey world
trophies
fbhvc
data protection
resources
links
valuations


market place


regalia
small ads
discount corner


members' area

my membership
members' home
revcounter archive
technical articles
cars - history
people - history
club documents
agm reports
my concours entries


join 











©jb© copyright 2025, john bowman 

©jb© copyright 2025, john bowman 

©jb© copyright 2025, john bowman 

©jb© copyright 2025, john bowman 

©jb© copyright 2025, john bowman 

©dmc© copyright 2025, douglas mcclymont 

©dmc© copyright 2025, douglas mcclymont 




















        welcome to 
        the uk's national austin healey club
      












jul3-6le mans classic
we are pleased to announce that the austin healey club uk will be once again making a club entry for members to attend the le mans classic.if you've been before you know how good it is and if you have not, then you must tick this one off your bucket list!interested?  email: comms@austinhealeyclub.com for details. entry form grandstand clubs plan



jun 202714-20european healey meeting 2027
we are thrilled to announce that the netherlands will proudly host the seventh european healey meeting in june 2027. this exceptional event, held only once every four years, promises to be an unforgettable experience for healey drivers and enthusiasts across europe and beyond.read more...the dutch committee has been working with great enthusiasm since the event was awarded to the netherlands during the 2023 meeting in the stunning norwegian geiranger. we’ve created a dynamic and surprising program, featuring two distinct locations. these locations highlight the diversity of the dutch landscape and the belgian ardennes, offering unique activities, special routes, and memorable experiences.event details:dates: 14-20 june 2027 (7 days)availability: limited to 220 teamsregistration opens: march 1, 2025keep an eye on the website: https://europeanhealeymeeting.com/



fbhvc survey 2025
today, the federation of british historic vehicle clubs is launching its major five-yearly research to the entire road transport heritage community, and we need your help!read more...the fbhvc conducts this major research every five years and more than 15,000 enthusiasts participated last time around. we want to make this survey the largest and most comprehensive of its kind in the world, so please take part, have your say, and help keep the historic vehicles that we love on the road for the benefit of everyone in the future. the survey closes on 31st may 2025 and the results will be published in the autumn.https://fbhvc.co.uk/survey



mar21-23classic car & restoration show
the practical classics classic car & restoration show is the show to attend whether you are looking to reignite your passion for cars, finish a restoration project or simply want to reminisce with family and friends over the beautiful completed classic cars on display.read more...the event brings together 1000+ cars on display; 150+ car clubs representing a wide variety of marques and models; 250+ exhibitors and autojumblers including restoration companies, services providers and product suppliers; the classic car auction; celebrities; car competitions; practical workshops on restoration skills and lots more.discount code and further details of the show are available in the members' area (login required).



apr27drive it day 2025
yesterday's vehicles supporting today's children. national drive it day was created by the federation of british historic vehicle clubs in 2005. it is the occasion when historic vehicle enthusiasts and the public at large have the opportunity to celebrate the one thousand mile trial organised in 1900 to prove the viability of the new invention, the motor vehicle. it’s also a chance to raise awareness and support amongst the public for the historic vehicle movement and keeping transport heritage on uk roads, while fund-raising for charity. please see the website for how to support the event and buy a fundraising ‘rally plaque’.  details of ahc drive it day events can be found in the event calendar.



may2-4donington historic festival
one of the uk’s most prestigious celebrations of retro racing returns to the east midlands in 2025, with three days of enthralling action.hundreds of classic machines will return to action. and rather than being museum pieces, these epic cars will be pushed to their limit, harking back to the days when donington park was the host for grands prix in the 1930s.for full details of how to book, please see the members' area (login required) or midlands website.



jul20-23international healey meeting 2025
the 2025 ihm will be hosted by the northern centre and based in south cheshire, at the 4* crewe hall hotel & spa in haslington, running from sunday 20th july until wednesday 23rd july.on monday and tuesday, there’ll be either planned routes or alternative trips to nearby places of interest. in the evenings there’ll be entertainment, with the addition of a charity raffle and presentation of concours trophies on our gala night.the event is now fully booked.  to be placed on the waiting list, please visit the event website, healey-weekend.com.



find your local noggin
you can now find your local noggin and natter using our interactive map view.read more...each of our centres have regular meetings throughout the uk, where members can come along and chat about all things healey.  if you're puzzling over what insurance to get, where to obtain that vital spare part, want ideas for runs out, come along and have a natter.  if you've never been before, it's worth dropping a line to the organiser to let them know you're thinking of coming.and with the summer months now upon us, it also gives a good excuse to get the cars out and blow the cobwebs off.



discount corner
here you will find the details of traders who offer discount to members of the austin healey club.read more...check out the discounts on offer and how to claim your discounts on our discount corner page page under the market place menu item above.to claim your discount, you may have to give your membership number, show your membership card or give a specific discount code. the discount codes are available in the members area only!currently discounts are also offered by adrian flux insurance, classicline insurance, longstone tyres, equipment4garages, tms motorsport, kimberley media, powerlite, english wheeling courses and more.*new* we have also just added a new offer for 2021 with a-head 4 healeys.  see the members' area for full details.



back issue to the futurethe revcounter time-machine
our extensive archive of revcounter magazines has been expanded through the ages to include issues from 1972 to 1999, allowing you to delve back into healey history and see what we got up to "back in the day".a big thanks to jim palmer for his dedicated efforts in making this possible.read more...to make this vast repository more useful, the new archive has been made searchable, so if you are looking for a person or an event, you can now search for it and see a list of issues containing that text along with a snippet of context information.



regalia web shop
our online regalia web shop is still open for business.  we have a wide range of ladies and gents clothing, hats, umbrellas and more.  clothing is available in a range of sizes and colours.  the shop also sells our usual stickers, badges and lapel pins.  some items may also be personalized to make them that little bit more special.for more details and access to the shop, see the regalia page.



new technical article index
our resident bookworm has been burrowing his way through past issues of revcounter and has produced a definitive index of all the technical articles that we have ever published.  this index has been turned into an interactive hierarchical web page that should allow you to find and download individual articles relating to any given topic.  the index also includes all the norman nock articles as well, making it a great reference for all things healey.read more...to access the new technical index you will need to sign into the members' area (or register for a members' area account if you haven't already got one).  the index can be found here.stop presswe now have youtube videos on the clubs website included in the technical articles section.for instance, check out – fuel systems – carburettors - how to set up and tune su carburettors



small ads
do you have something to sell?  are you looking for something for your healey?  take a look in our small ads section for cars, parts for sale, parts wanted, books and more.want to advertise in the small ads section of the magazine and website?  details can be found on the 'classified ads' form.  simple ads are free for members.  photos can be added for a small fee.  commercial advertising is also available.



marque registers
since the 70's the question has been asked, "how many cars do you think still exist?".  from this early remark some keen enthusiasts started collecting numbers, and these became the marque registers.  over the years, the registers have evolved to building up histories of individual cars, how they survived, how they were modified and who owned them.read more...in order to keep the registers going, our register secretaries need your help.  you can now register your cars online using a simple step-by-step form which guides you through gathering information like chassis and body numbers through to the original colours and options on the car when it was built.  you can also add photographs and documents to help complete the history of your car.to get started, or to contact one of the register secretaries, please visit the marque registers page.  this section is open to all, and you do not need to be a member of the club to fill in a form.



why not try out our 'members only' area?
are you a uk club member? register & sign in to access a whole range of technical articles, an archive of the last ten years' revcounters or check out your membership details.find out more by clicking here



valuations
did you know that the austin healey club can provide members with free valuations* for insurance purposes? see more on our valuations page - click here.* our valuers may, in certain circumstances, need to charge nominal expenses.








      the austin healey club ltdground floor, helen housegreat cornbow, halesowenwest midlands, b63 3ab

      registered number 1599072 in england
      ® registered trade mark of saic motor corporation limited
      web site copyright ©  austin healey club limited
    

webmaster
information & press/pr enquiries
legal statement
privacy notice
photo accreditations
 
      





