











the historic village at allaire – premier living history museum in new jersey



























































 





primary menu
donate
blog
facebook
instagram
youtube
memberships
store
 



the historic village at allaire
premier living history museum in new jersey



skip to content

secondary menu
home

accessibility


about

job opportunities
meet the allaire village staff
board of trustees
artisans of allaire
village hours & general admission
library appointments & hours
testimonials


the village

audio tour of the village
village star newsletter


history

james p. allaire


events
vendor applications
calendar of events 2025
weddings
group tours

virtual tour program
summer camp program
school tours
allaire scouting patch program
reviews


get involved

donate

appeal letter


volunteer with allaire
internships
scout projects
membership
sponsorships


contact
archives
 








celebrate 200 years with us!
click here to donate to our 200 year campaign today!









about us!
allaire village, inc. is a non-profit educational and historic preservation organization working in a unique partnership with the state of new jersey.









events!
see what's happening at the historic village at allaire! from historical reenactments to fundraisers, we host over 50 events each year!









weddings!
simple in its beauty and understated elegance, the chapel at the historic village of allaire has become one of the most popular wedding spots at the jersey shore. the allaire village chapel is available for rental year round.








your visit!
experience 19th century industrial community life year-round! craft shops, historic homes, and retail stores.







group tour programs!
school tours, summer camp tours, scout tours, specialty tours & more!












the village





the history





get involved




one of the premier living history museums in new jersey
the historic village at allaire was once an iron-producing, factory-town known as the howell iron works, co. the village was a self-sufficient community containing a carpentry and pattern making shop, a blacksmith shop, a bakery, a boarding house, a blast furnace, mills to finish iron products, a school, a church, a general store with a post office, and workers’ home. iron produced at the village was shipped to new york city by wagon and steamship. it was used to produce steam engines parts in a factory also owned by our proprietor, james p. allaire. the howell iron works, as a community, speaks to the experiences of the economic and social changes of those who experienced early industrial america. today the historic village at allaire is an interactive museum where visitors can experience history directly through hands-on activities.



read more





















thehistoricvillageatallaire
the historic village at allaire is a non-profit, living history museum set in 1836, located within allaire state park. #visitallaire #allairestatepark








flea market for this saturday, february 15th has b






the staff at allaire village is looking forward to
 





instagram post 17989174004780938






instagram post 18074165638659347
 





go to allairevillage.org and click under the vendo






instagram post 18143122960367499






instagram post 18053741012091581






flea markets for 2025! mark your calendars! want t



 


load more...






 follow on instagram






 




latest posts


pumpkin traditions by heather roselle


22 uses for apples by heather roselle


how does bridgerton impact modern fashion? by heather roselle


the morning routine of a sleepy student in 1836 by heather roselle


what i learned at my museum internship by heather roselle



ways to give the historic village at allaire is a registered 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization, licensed by the state of new jersey to operate and manage the historic property located within allaire state park.
allaire village does not receive state funding, and relies on donations, membership, and fundraising events to help fulfill our mission of preserving the history of this site, and educating the public about life in the village in 1836. donations to allaire village are tax deductible.








join our mailing list






 
the historic village at allaire
4263 atlantic avenue
farmingdale, nj 07727
732-919-3500
info@allairevillage.org


 

copyright 2017 the historic village at allaire. all rights reserved. 






























