








































    life works group | personal care for personal needs
  















              we offer in-person counseling & coaching, telehealth counseling & coaching, and keynote speaking. please call us at 407-647-7005 to setup an appointment today!


    


 
    services



  counselors



  faq



  resources



  more


   articles



  podcast



  contact us







    services



  counselors



  faq



  resources



  articles



  podcast



  contact us











    
 





        personal care for personal needs
 everyone faces stress, pressures or problems that can be overwhelming. our team of counseling and coaching professionals understands how hard it can be to reach out for help. we know from experience that the decision to face a problem directly requires strength. it also takes courage to look at what’s out of balance in your life and wisdom to take positive action for change.


   



   

  how we help
 if you are facing emotional or relationship difficulties, our coaches and counselors will guide and encourage you with our faith-based approach. whether you're an individual, couple, or organization, if you are seeking a change in your life, we are here for you.   

services




    meet our counselors
 learn more about our team of licensed and national board certified counselors and certified coaches.    
    


  


  


  


  



  
c. dwight bain, lmhc, ncc, clc


 
    


  


  


  


  



  
megan brewer, lmhc


 
    


  


  


  


  



  
elizabeth mckeehan, lmhc




  

counselors




   

  free resourcesreview our list of podcasts for immediate help with everyday concerns.
   

podcasts




    counseling and coaching resources
 achieve a better quality of life with our professional counseling and coaching resources.   

products


 



   

  stay in the know
 sign up for our free counseling and coaching newsletter to make your life work better.  contact us
   enter your email address:






thank you for subscribing to our enews letter!
oops, there was an error sending your message.please try again later.








      



    business hours
    mon - thu
 9:00 am 
- 4:00 pm


 fri - sun
closed



 contact info
 address:
1850 lee road, suite 234, winter park, fl 32789 phone:
407-647-7005﻿  connect with us
        

 

 

 




   



    






















 


  speak with us today
  contact us
   first name:

 email:

 would you like us to call you?

 tell us about your needs: (optional)






thank you for contacting us.we will get back to you as soon as possible.
oops, there was an error sending your message.please try again later.

we value your privacy – all information you have provided is considered strictly confidential, and will never be shared.


   



   © copyright 2022 | all rights reserved |
life works group
















































































































  
  share by:








