














innovation strategy - western australia the place to innovate


















main menu

our vision
our goals
our programs
our priorities

see the full strategy












return home











innovation strategy

            western australia - the place to innovate
          











            innovation lies at the heart of human progress. this strategy
            provides a vision for western australia that is as ambitious as it
            is compelling.
          















our vision

              western australia is a renowned global hub of invention,
              investment, innovation and impact.
            









            with innovation deeply ingrained in the fabric and culture of the
            state, western australia is a place like no other.
          

            innovation happens naturally, every day. it is everywhere and is
            everyone's business.
          

            the strategy's goal is to inspire a new generation of innovators to
            solve our challenges and encourage the economy to move in exciting,
            new directions.
          






our goals

          the strategy sets itself the following 10-year goals to realise this
          vision. western australia will:
        












1
2
3
4
5









become a world leader in research and inventiveness.

                with renowned and proven global strengths in key areas such as
                remote and autonomous technologies, engineering, medical
                devices, decarbonisation, and renewables.
              




                location of choice for product and technology development,
                translation and testing.
              

                from prototypes to clinical trials, sandboxes to early-stage
                startups.
              




                home to globally-focussed organisations that scale, creating new
                jobs.
              

                with ready access to capital and dependable local and global
                partnerships and supply chains.
              



adopter of new technologies and a tech transfer haven.

                with the skills, capabilities and risk appetite to adopt new
                technology across sectors and make the changes our state, and
                the world, needs.
              




                a place where innovation is inclusive, purposeful, rewarded
                and respected.
              

                where all can and do benefit, now and into the future. no one is
                left behind.
              







ourprograms



awards and sponsorships

              recognising western australians who develop innovative products, technology or services. sponsoring opportunities to foster the innovation ecosystem.
            
learn more



grant funds

              enabling innovators across the ecosystem to bring their ideas and projects to life or advance to market.
            
learn more



innovation hubs

              bringing people in the innovation ecosystem together and providing access to expertise and facilities.
            
learn more












our priorities

            to achieve these 5 goals, government is taking action in 7 priority
            areas. an 'innovation action plan' details an
            initial agenda to support the innovation strategy. these programs
            and initiatives will be added to as the need and opportunity arise.
          




              priority 1
            

01
skills, people and culture



              priority 2
            

02
research and tech transfer



              priority 3
            

03

              networks, precincts and shared facilities
            



              priority 4
            

04
access to capital



              priority 5
            

05
procurement and supply chains



              priority 6
            

06
diversity and inclusion



              priority 7
            

07
promotion and adoption


























see detailed action plan





see the full strategy







our priorities







01
skills, people and culture

                    the western australian government will invest in building
                    additional talent across the state and attracting talent
                    globally.
                  







02
research and tech transfer

                    the western australian government will set out a bold new
                    science and research agenda, fit for the decade ahead, and
                    seek to maximise technology transfer opportunities across
                    the state's growing economy.
                  







03

                    networks, precincts and shared facilities
                  

                    the western australian government will accelerate efforts to
                    enable innovation hubs, precincts and shared facilities to
                    strengthen the innovation ecosystem across the state.
                  







04
access to capital

                    the western australian government will encourage the growth
                    of an active local venture capital market for wa innovators
                    and investigate other ways to ensure there is access to
                    sufficient capital.
                  







05

                    procurement and supply chains
                  

                    the western australian government is making procurement
                    easier for wa startups and small businesses to provide
                    access to major industry and government contracts, and will
                    work with partners to open market access to global supply
                    chains.
                  







06
diversity and inclusion

                    the western australian government will grow and foster the
                    diversity and inclusiveness of the western australian
                    economy, providing opportunities for greater participation
                    in new and innovative economic activity by under-represented
                    groups.
                  







07
promotion and adoption

                    the western australian government will elevate efforts to
                    promote and celebrate the outstanding scientific,
                    technological and innovative capability of wa
                    internationally and at home, supporting the adoption of new
                    technologies and innovations across businesses and
                    communities.
                  






previous



next

















acknowledgement of country

              the department of jobs, tourism, science and innovation acknowledges
              the traditional custodians throughout western australia and their
              continuing connection to the land, waters and community. we pay our
              respects to all members of aboriginal and torres strait islander
              communities and their cultures, and to elders past, present, and
              emerging.
            


copyright
privacy









