





rca-arc.org – the royal regiment of canadian artillery


























































skip to content








facebookxinstagramyoutubeemail 

searchmember log-infrançais 



 









			welcome to 
the royal regiment of canadian artillery
ubique. quo fas et gloria ducunt. 









 


search for:








homeabout usthe serving regimentlineageappointmentsartillery senateartillery councilregimental headquartersregiments & independent batteriesequipmentrcasrca bandrca home stationextra-regimentally employedaffiliated cadet corpsrca eventsthe rca associationop take post 2025join us!who we areour sponsors and affinity partnerslest we forgetheritageubique 150ubique 150 coinhistorythe gunners of canada volume iii 1967-1994 – assistance to the authorgreat gunnersdistinctions and customsartillery museumsartillery reenactment groupsrecognitionmeritorious recognitioncanadian awardscommonwealth awardsforeign awardsregimental recognitioncaptain general’s swordcolonel commandant’s recognitionregimental colonel’s cointhe colonel geoffrey brooks memorial essay competitionthe brigadier-general e.b. beno award for leadership in the rank of sergeantspirit of ubique contest (formerly regimental photo contest)other recognitionmember supportbursariesemergency assistanceother servicespublicationsthe regimental family bookshelfrca guiding documentsthe canadian gunnercanadian gunner newsrca library and archivesnon-public fundsrca regimental fundrca heritage fundlinkscanadian artillery associationsinternational artillery associationsinternational artillery websites



 









homemichael foley2025-01-17t14:41:20-05:00 
with a few guns
volume 2
calling for support!
donate now!
thank you for your support to volume 1 of “with a few guns”
we are seeking to raise $70,000 to cover expenses and get volume 2 published and translated, while keeping the price affordable.
volume 2 is being written with the backing of the rca association, and all donations will be eligible for a tax receipt. any monies donated in excess of what is needed will remain with the rcaa for support to the causes as espoused by the rcaa.
donate to support with a few guns, volume 2

or contact treasurer.rcaa.aarc@gmail.com 
questions may be directed to: withafewguns@gmail.com
donatehere’s where you can support various regimental family programmes, projects and activities.
regimental calendar
see regimental family events scheduled for the next year.
affinity programmessee private sector programmes of benefit to the regimental family.




 
 
join
the rca association
today!
subscribe to the
canadian gunner news/
abonnez-vous aux
nouvelles des artilleurs
canadiens
subscribe / abonnez-vousthe royal regiment
of canadian artillery
kitshop
this website is owned and operated by the royal canadian artillery association, a private, third-party to the department of national defence. the content and links appearing on this website are the responsibility of the royal canadian artillery association and do not reflect the views or policies of the government of canada. open-source information regarding the serving components of the royal regiment of canadian artillery is provided courtesy of the canadian armed forces. the official insignia of the regiment are used with the permission of regimental headquarters rca.
© 2025 the royal canadian artillery association | all rights reserved | privacy notice | developed by elearnza


 
 
page load link
































































































go to top





