





richards family health center |
welcome






















































































dr. n. rowan richards 

is a diplomate of the american board of chiropractic internists and a fellow of the international academy of clinical acupuncture.  more....

 
selected specialties
rsd
tourettes syndrome
plageocephaly
nvd







the doctor is in.
newsletter


important information on prop 37
i am attaching to this email information i received from a concerned client regarding prop 37, the food labeling initiative. i was unaware of the import of this legislation until i received a political ad dissing dr. mercola for supporting it. i immediately sat up and took notice, since i respect dr. mercola. more...

shingles vaccine caution
i have been asked repeatedly about the wisdom of taking the shingles vaccine, which is being pushed aggressively in the media. there are a number of things you should be aware of before opting for this "therapy." more...

the epidemic of thyroid disorders [part 1]
are you fatigued? unable to lose weight? have high cholesterol and have been prescribed statin drugs? you may be suffering from a crucial mineral deficiency more...


dr richards teaches in kiev


dr. richards was invited by the university of kiev, department of physical medicine, to be part of their post-graduate faculty. she taught a 4-day class on neurovascular dynamics to practicing osteopathic physicians. their response was overwhelmingly positive during the class; and they have reported excellent results after taking it back to their practice.

blog
to see the latest post to my blog, you can visit the site at www.drrichardstalksback.com for updates on news-worthy health related items.

 
© 2011, dr n rowan richards. this site or any part
may not be reproduced without the written consent of
richards family health center. n rowan richards, dc,
dabci, fiaca | 727 lee court, twin falls id 83301 | 
626.303.3162 | 
frontoffice@richardsfamilyhealth.com. this
site is not intended to dispense health advice or
serve as a substitute for actual patient contact with
a qualified healthcare provider. our sole purpose is
one of education. it is our expectation that our site
can educate our visitors about the efficacy of some
healthcare treatments that exist as an alternative to
conventional medical wisdom.
privacy policy: richards family
health center takes your privacy very seriously. be
assured that we do not sell or rent your contact
information to anyone.
find
everything about alternative health care,
chiropractic, nvd, nutrition,
and health conditions | contact us |
for doctors
only 
| nvd referral list 
| search 

| site map 



 | powered by rosesroad.com


 







sign
    up
    monthly health info 
sign up link



clinic brochure

news archives

blog: 
dr richards
      talks back
supplement order form



 

 


 


 





