





texarkana personal injury attorney | civil trial lawyer | mediator | law office of hawley holman



































































copyright 2021 - law office of hawley holman   |    
	all rights reserved    |    website by:
	walkeritc




























877-792-4513
  or   
903-792-4513
call us today!   








law office of
hawley holman










toggle navigation
main menu





 home
 about the firm

 practice areas

personal injury
civil trial law
mediation
car accidents
truck accidents
pharmaceutical injury
medical device injury
wrongful death
product defects
insurance claims
brain injury
animal attacks
family law
fiduciary litigation
intoxication assault & manslaughter
gas fire & explosion


 articles

crash worthiness
automobile insurance
mediation
truck collision
wrongful death
pharmacology 101
fiduciary litigation
intoxication assault & manslaughter
gas, oil, explosion
sample petition regarding dog attack


 contact us


































experience & integrity
experience and integrity you can depend on from an attorney with a proven track record!









personal injury attorney
call us today to for a free consultation to discuss how we can help you with your injury case!









civil trial lawyer
with over 40 years practicing law, we have the knowledge and experience to handle your case.









mediation
as a certified mediator, we can help you resolve your differences without the hassles of going to court. 









licensed in texas & arkansas
hawley holman is licensed to practice law in the state of texas and arkansas, serving east texas and southwest arkansas.





previous
next


































  call us: 








 
 
 
 
 
















board certified personal injury trial and civil trial law attorney


licensed in texas and arkansas - serving texarkana and the surrounding areas.


call us today!    903-792-4513  or  877-792-4513











law office of hawley holman
for more than fourty years, families, individuals, businesses, corporations, and national insurance companies faced 
		with personal injury lawsuits or complex civil matters in east texas and southwest arkansas have called on my experience as a texarkana lawyer to protect their interests. why? because i 
		understand how to approach and prepare these cases from both the defense and plaintiff's perspective.
in my practice as a personal injury attorney i have represented families and individuals who have been injured or who have lost 
		loved ones because of the negligent or indifferent actions of others. my perspective and experience from representing plaintiffs and defendants over the years allows me to anticipate what 
		the other side will do and what the other side will require.
my law firm advances all costs in plaintiff's personal injury cases. you pay no attorneys' fees or case-related expenses unless a 
		settlement or verdict is obtained on your behalf. in every case, initial consultations are provided free of charge for your convenience. i am available for evening, weekend, hospital, and 
		off-site visits by appointment.
contact us today!



























  about the firm
 hawley holman has handled well over a thousand claims of many different types in his 40+ years of practicing law. my goal 
			has always been to provide solid legal services in the areas of practice i cover. i work with my clients to help them navigate the legal process in many different areas.
			 contact me today for your free consultation!			
		




service area

i serve clients throughout texas and arkansas in both state and federal courts. for specifics on my exact areas of coverage, please contact my texarkana office and 
					ask to speak with someone about your location and my ability to work with you. i have a wide area of service in the region.
licensed in texas & arkansas.
board certified in personal injury trial law and civil trial law 
			by the texas board of legal specialization.




  helpful links

 home page
 about the firm
 contact us today
 privacy policy
 use our sitemap




 contact info
address:
law office of hawley holman 1905 mall drivetexarkana, tx 75503
phone number:
903-792-4513 or 877-792-4513
e-mail:
		hawley@hawleyholman.com
		
			
	













copyright 2021 - law office of hawley holman   |    
	all rights reserved    |    website by:
	walkeritc


















copyright 2021 - law office of hawley holman   |    
	all rights reserved    |    website by:
	walkeritc























