

western carolina university - bardo arts center

































































































skip to main content







weather-related announcementclose


at this time, all classes and business operations in cullowhee and the biltmore instructional
               site are running on a regular schedule for wednesday, 02/19.
learn more




 


news & events


get the latest

wcu stories
for the media
events calendar
catamount sports

venues

bardo arts center
ramsey activity center


give to wcu


partner with us

make a gift now
emergency assistance fund
giving tuesday
one day for western
ways to give


quick links


student resources

mywcu
canvas
email
it help
library
bookstore
academic calendar
students accounts

campus resources

jobs at wcu
campus map

campus location

visit wcu
main campus
wcu in asheville

find people

faculty directory
staff directory
experts
contact us


  
search the wcu site    



admissions & aid
academics
student life
athletics
alumni
about





john w. bardo fine and performing arts center







john w. bardo fine and performing arts center

connect with us


 bac facebook


 bac instagram


 fam youtube


 fam tumblr




explore wcu

admissions & aid
academics
student life
athletics
alumni
about











 








john w. bardo fine and performing arts center






bardo arts center
art unites. creativity ignites.
bardo arts center at western carolina university is your cultural catalyst for the
                  creative arts. blaze artistic trails with our world-class performances and innovative
                  contemporary art exhibitions.

wcu fine art museum
performance hall
buy tickets
schedule of events
what's happening at bac







performance hall
providing the campus and community with access to internationally acclaimed performing
                        artists and regional favorites. the space also serves as a venue for symposiums, campus
                        events, and performances from the belcher college.

wcu fine art museum
promoting and facilitating meaningful engagement with contemporary works of art and
                        artists, featuring four galleries, a growing permanent collection, and rotating exhibitions
                        highlighting regional, national, and international artists.






educational field trips
learn more about our educational offerings in the wcu fine art museum and the bac
                           performance hall!


about us
home to western carolina university’s performance hall, niggli studio theatre, and
                           the wcu fine art museum, bardo arts center (bac) enriches the vibrant artistic and
                           cultural legacy of the western north carolina region. 


support bac
through visual and performing arts programming, we enhance both the campus and community
                           experience by increasing engagement with the arts.


museum collection portal
the wcu fine art museum’s collection has developed as one of the premier teaching
                           collections in western north carolina. the collection includes over 1,500 modern and
                           contemporary works of art in a variety of media by regional, national, and international
                           artists. 


student opportunities and employment
stay tuned for information regarding our 54th annual juried student exhibition any
                           wcu student can apply to be a part of. in addition, visit jobcat for a bac student
                           employment opportunities. 


belcher college of fine and performing arts
the arts connect us all and wcu's college of fine and performing arts brings together
                           the traditions and resources of the region with the talent of our students to serve
                           as the heart of art and culture in wnc.


friends of the arts
through initiatives to support scholarship opportunities, academic programming, and
                           presenting world-class artists to the campus and community, friends of the arts raise
                           funds to enhance student experience and engagement


arts and entrepreneurship
the undergraduate certificate in arts & entrepreneurship addresses the principles
                           of managing your arts career through an entrepreneurial lens. this program is designed
                           for students wishing to increase their knowledge of entrepreneurial practices.








upcoming events



ticketing

 

contact us



newsletter sign-up







the latest from the bac

2025 school of art and design faculty biennialevery two years, the wcu fine art museum offers faculty in the school of art and design the opportunity to share their artwork with the university community.  57th annual juried undergraduate exhibitionthis exhibition is an extraordinary opportunity for wcu undergraduate students to share their artwork with a larger public and to enhance their skills in presenting artwork in a professional gallery setting.  solstice: a winter circus experiencethis captivating circus show unfolds the story of a character who has lost his inner light, plunging him into a wondrous and surreal world where memories come to life and the ordinary becomes ‘extra’ordinary  
read more




powered by curator.io






discover more

bac newsletter sign-up
bac annual fund
events and experiences
contact


facebook
youtube
instagram










quick linksquick links

maps and locations
library
careers at wcu
emergency information
title ix office


faculty & staff resourcesfaculty & staff resources

faculty directory
staff directory
email
human resources
space reservations


student resourcesstudent resources

canvas
mywcu
academic calendar


family resourcesfamily resources

wcu family tips
family weekend
student accounts
financial aid


community resourcescommunity resources

community classes
programs for kids
community engagement and service learning
mountain heritage center
other community resources





© copyright 
         			 
         			by western carolina university
         			1 university drive, cullowhee, nc828.227.7211contact wcuprivacy statement




















office of web services




















