



disco savvy: quality disco music albums 
- dance 1970s 1980s house 80's




disco savvy

a 
chronicle of disco music from 1972 to the present




this website, founded at the dawn of the new millennium on january 1, 
2001, is a centralized repository of disco information, highlighting the 
best disco music from the 1970s through today and offering the largest 
and most chronologically complete year-by-year lists ever compiled of 
disco songs.






the year-by-year lists






here you will find extensive lists of disco songs, divided by year, 
supplemented by chart positions and other details (such as whether the 
song is a remake).
the lists encompass disco sung in many languages -- including welsh, english,
dutch, afrikaans, limburgan, german, low german, yiddish, swedish, danish, 
norwegian, nynorsk (new norwegian), icelandic,
french, latin, italian, neapolitan, portuguese, spanish, romanian, bulgarian,
serbian, croatian, czech, slovak, polish, lemko-rusyn, ukrainian, russian,
bashkir, kazakh, uzbek, turkmen, finnish, estonian, latvian, lithuanian,
greek, turkish, japanese, korean, mandarin, cantonese, burmese, thai, 
indonesian, malay, tagalog, malagasy, hawaiian, tahitian, 
akan, duala and probably one or two additional cameroonian languages,
swahili, xhosa, yoruba, zulu, one or two ivorian languages, 
sranan tongo (a language of suriname), sarnami hindustani (a language of suriname), martiniquan creole, 
farsi (persian), tajik, georgian, armenian, assyrian aramaic, arabic, hebrew, amharic, tamazight, 
hindi/hindustani/urdu, sindhi, gujarati, marathi, bengali, telugu, tamil, 
and hungarian. that's 78 languages!
over 17,700 songs in all! 
you'll also find details on past disco events, disco-oriented products, 
and more.



1972-1974
disco - the first years
1975 disco - 
do the hustle!
1976 disco - 
disco gets more radio hits
1977 disco - 
summer heatwave in new york city
1978 disco - 
disco explodes into the mainstream
1979 disco - 
disco's peak year
1980 disco - 
disco's last big year on the american charts
1981 disco - 
disco is still alive but declining
1982 disco -
disco fever in india
1983-1989 disco - 
the last days of classic disco
1990-1999 disco 
- examples of the disco revival
2000-2003 disco - 
disco thrives in the early 2000s
2004-2006 
disco - disco continues to prosper
2007-2009 
disco - she-wolves and starmen
2010-2019 disco - 
the music of yesterday (lucky treasures)
2020+ disco - 
the music of today (grooves to beat the pandemic blues)
disco in unknown years






notable disco songs and artists






like with any musical genre, disco has its share of treasures and its 
share of junk. so which ones are worth your time to seek out and listen 
to? here are some disco songs and disco artists that have stood the test 
of time, performed and produced by superb singers, musicians, and producers.



the best disco 
songs of all time



brothers 
johnson: light up the night, winners

chic: chic, c'est chic, risqué

the 
company: the company

delegation: eau de vie

george 
benson: give me the night, compilation

jamiroquai: traveling without moving, synkronized, a funk odyssey, 
dynamite

norma jean 
wright: norma jean

shalamar: 
disco gardens, big fun, three for love, friends

sheila and b. 
devotion: singin' in the rain, king of the 
world

sister 
sledge: we are family, love somebody today, 
all-american girls

sophie 
ellis-bextor: read my lips, trip the light 
fantastic, familia

stephanie
mills: what cha gonna do with my lovin', sweet 
sensation, stephanie

ultra 
nate: situation: critical, stranger than 
fiction

other notable artists:
asha puthli • barry 
white • candi 
staton • charanga 
76 • 
cheryl lynn • constellation 
orchestra • diana ross • donna 
summer • eddie 
drennon • fantasy • first choice • france 
joli • 
frankie valli • jocelyn brown • laura 
taylor • michael jackson 
• patawawa 
• phyllis 
hyman • the players association • rainbow 
team 
• s.o.s. band • the 
salsoul orchestra • teena 
marie • thelma 
houston • voyage






essays






have you ever heard statements like "all disco sounds the same" and "disco 
is just meaningless party music"? these essays demonstrate the falseness 
of these sentiments, and will help you explore the full richness of disco.



disco message 
songs
a diversity of 
sounds in disco music



the following year in review features detail what happened in the disco 
world in particular years.



disco 2003: the 
year in review
disco 2004: the 
year in review
disco 2005: the 
year in review



marco freitas reflects on the loss of multiple disco legends.



2012: the year 
the music died






further reading






disco 
bibliography: books





true disco is not 
synthetic


the positive aspects of disco music are often unfairly overlooked, 
especially since the best disco songs are not known to most people or 
have been forgotten or miscategorized. first, unlike most other forms of 
dance music, disco performers generally use real 
acoustical instruments, including brass (saxophone, trumpet, etc.), 
strings, rhythm guitar, drums, and piano. there were even several disco 
orchestras like m.f.s.b., salsoul orchestra, biddu orchestra, john davis 
and the monster orchestra, the armada orchestra, the mike theodore 
orchestra, thp orchestra, the wonderland disco band, meco orchestra, 
richard hewson orchestra, montana orchestra,
and barry white's love unlimited orchestra.  some 
notable examples of orchestrated disco are m.f.s.b.'s "tlc (tender lovin' 
care)" and "t.s.o.p.", david shire's "manhattan skyline", salsoul 
orchestra's "magic bird of fire" and "runaway", and the armada orchestra's
"band of gold", among many others. 
occasionally, other disco bands used organ synthesizers instead 
of real violins, but this was still far better than the excessively 
electronic dance and rock music of the 1980s.



not all disco sounds the 
same


furthermore, disco music is generally uplifting and inspiring, 
providing a much-needed contrast to the dull and angry racket of many 
hard rock, heavy metal, alternative rock, techno, and rap songs. with its 
driving beats, grooving basslines, funky horns, and harmonious strings, 
disco conveys feeling and energy better than many other genres. ...and 
provides a 
diverse range of sounds: disco is primarily influenced 
by soul and funk music, but can also utilize elements from jazz, blues, 
calypso, soca, sca, classical, latino, and rock music. effective 
instrumentation combined with effortful singing had 
stellar results, as demonstrated by the timeless disco songs by sister sledge, 
michael jackson, gloria gaynor, george benson, phyllis hyman, donna 
summer, and others. disco music, when made properly, can be fun, classy, 
innovative, and exciting.



not just party 
music


it's true that up-tempo disco music is perfect for any celebration. but, 
more than mere party music, disco can have deep, meaningful 
lyrics and can be listened to anywhere, anytime.
quality disco is great for, among other things, relaxing, dancing, 
exercising, driving, or rollerskating.



an abundance of 
talent


some disco artists and groups have frequently performed live in 
concert, including chic, donna summer, diana ross, sister sledge, 
earth wind and fire, shalamar, black ivory, tavares, k.c. and the sunshine 
band, musique, pattie brooks, sylvester, barry white, jamiroquai, odyssey,
rose royce, hot chocolate, gq, mcfadden and whitehead, france joli, candi 
staton, viola wills, carol williams, and evelyn "champagne" king. 
versatile 1970s disco artists who have had considerable career longevity 
well into the 1980s (and in some cases 1990s and 2000s) include gloria 
gaynor, cissy houston, donna summer, cheryl lynn, loleatta holloway, 
martha wash, barbara pennington, miquel brown, barry white, shalamar, jody 
watley (of shalamar), jean shy, sarah brightman, and kool and the gang.

however, the majority of disco 
artists were solely studio singers, and when disco was made carelessly 
by producers and companies that were more interested in making money than 
making quality music, the results were mindless repetition, boring 
lyrics, and headache-inducing instrumentation. and radio stations in the 
1970s tended to play too many inferior disco songs. a listener 
would be barraged by "ring my bell", "ymca", "macho man", "disco duck", 
"knock on wood", "da ya think i'm sexy?", "get dancin'", "born to be alive", "if 
there's love", and other mindless and unharmonious 
mass-produced trash in between the gems. and as disco phased into 
over-synthesized pop, hi-nrg, house, and other forms of music, the 
emotion, art, and style that typified the best acts of disco was lost. 
electronic keyboards and synthesizers have their place but they were used 
to an excess in the 1980s. often, keyboards and synths are good as 
supplements to real instruments, but not as replacements. one by one each 
real instrument was replaced; first the violins went, then the bass 
guitar and trumpet, and finally the guitar.

fortunately, the original disco sound came back in a big way beginning in 
the 1990s, spawning hundreds of new disco recordings by such artists 
as the brand new heavies, jamiroquai, and bsb disco club.







unreleased disco songs:
"enchanted garden" by giovanni fenati featuring madeline bell (1980)


"this love's on me" and "don't stop now" by saint tropez (on their 1980 promo record)

"get into the mood" by gary dee (1978)
"i'm alive" by electric light orchestra (1980 demo version)
"if my friends could see me now" by melissa gilbert (on a 1978 tv show)
"sevdim bir genç kadını / dinle sevgili / tango motion" by neco ve grup lokomotif (on a 1979 tv show on trt)
"harlem hustle (queen of the disco tonight)" by tracy huang (on a tv show)
"i just want to be your everything" by donny osmond and cheryl ladd (on the american tv show donny and marie on the november 11, 1977 episode)

"boogie oogie oogie" by donny and marie osmond (on the american tv show donny and marie on the october 27, 1978 episode)
"i'm coming out" by marie osmond (on the american tv show marie on the december 12, 1980 episode)
"never knew love like this before" by marie osmond (on the american tv show marie on the december 26, 1980 episode)
"you should be dancing" by patsy gallant (on the canadian tv show the patsy gallant show on some episode in 1978)

"night fever" by patsy gallant (on the canadian tv show the patsy gallant show on some episode in 1978 or 1979)

"september" by patsy gallant (on the canadian tv show the patsy gallant show on some episode in 1978 or 1979)
"every step of the way" by patsy gallant (disco version of her 1977 song, on a canadian tv show)
"disco away" by the rebels (1979)
"disco toothbrush" by sesame street (english version, on the american tv show, premiered on episode 1314 on may 24, 1979)
"in and out fever" by sesame street (on the american tv show, premiered on episode 1328 on december 12, 1979)
"can't stop the music" by johnny young and the young talent team (on the australian tv show young talent time on some episode in 1982)
"una paloma blanca" by margareta pâslaru (on a 1975 romanian tv show)
"daddy cool" by pepe lienhard band (1976)


disco movies and documentaries:
roller 
boogie starring linda blair (1979, dvd format)

saturday 
night fever (40th anniversary edition) starring john travolta (1977, dvd format)

thank 
god it's friday with donna summer performing "last dance" (1978, 
dvd format)

disco 
godfather (1979, dvd format)

disco: 
spinning the story with gloria gaynor (2005, dvd format)




juno download 
sells the hottest dance music of yesterday and today in downloadable mp3 
and wav formats


recommended links:



       
other disco sites:
another site that agreed with 
our premise that disco is still a contemporary genre, and which also had 
very good recommendations of classic disco, was michelle demers' discostyle.com, 
which had static content since 2008 and closed in july 2019.




also excellent is
disco-disco.com with its 
interviews and samples,












       
other music research sites:
if you're interested in 1970s music in general, you will want to visit the lost 45s with barry scott as well 
as super seventies.
discogs.com is an incredible 
database of albums and singles in all music genres.
    





       
record services:
need to restore your records? why not transfer them to cds 
using magic sound restoration!
    





       
disco on the radio:
to listen to some fine disco music on licensed streams and radio programs, 
the places to be are 
dj lee porter's disco and dance music
and diva radio's disco 
music paradise. 





siriusxm offers studio 54 radio: 1970s-2000s dance hits.
if you like disco and soul/funk/jazz, you'll also want to hear
soul movement radio,
105classics,
the disco palace,
diva radio's funk music 
paradise,
and
solar radio.
    





       
disco dancing:
bob dabrowski's hustle dance site is about this 1970s nuyorican form of dancing that can be accompanied not only by disco but also by other forms of danceable and soulful music.
    



send your comments to: 
don't send music files. don't ask to identify the title or artist of a random song you've heard.





