








wow affordable website design & marketing in whitstable, kent, ct5


















































 







skip to content

















 homewebsites websitesonline shopwebsite portfoliodigital marketing google adssearch engine optimisationnewsnewsay hellohomewebsites websitesonline shopwebsite portfoliodigital marketing google adssearch engine optimisationnewsnewsay hellohomewebsites websitesonline shopwebsite portfoliodigital marketing google adssearch engine optimisationnewsnewsay hello 










 





affordable  web design
& digital marketing.  
							we specialise in developing budget-friendly, visually  captivating
websites that generate business leads. 
							tell me more 
							say hello 
							











 


google advertising 
set up & support 
							it’s likely that people are looking online for your products  or services right now!  
							tell me more 
							say hello 
							










 





 




ginger pixelsgingerpixels2024-09-16t12:49:12+01:00 
web design & digital marketing services

we offer budget-friendly web and digital marketing solutions. whether you’re seeking a pixel perfect web design to showcase your business or aspire to reach your target audience through google advertising, we can help.
website design
we specialise in developing budget-friendly, visually captivating websites that generate business leads.
.
read moregoogle advertising
it’s likely that people are looking online for your products or services right now! don’t miss out, let us turn those searches into leads for your business.
read moreseo optimisation
we know exactly how to get your business onto the first page of google’s search results. we offer a free no obligation audit.
.
read moreour web design portfoliowe are proud of the websites that we’ve built for our customers, check out some of our projects.
website portfolio

website design & support packagesour affordable eye-catching websites start from just £499 and are fully supported from £49.00 per month, within our monthly subscription support packages you receive website updates plus all the techie stuff like maintenance, hosting, security, email and domain name renewals with no hidden fees.
starter plan £49monthly£499 initial website set-up & design fee✓ up to 5 pages + blog✓ 30 minutes of monthly
web edits*✓ website address
✓ fast hosting
✓ 1 email account
✓ website maintenancelet’s talkstandard plan £99monthly£999 initial website set-up & design fee✓ up to 10 pages + blog✓ 1 hour of monthly
web edits* ✓ website address
✓ fast hosting
✓ 2 email accounts
✓ website maintenancelet’s talkpower plan£149monthly£1499 initial website set-up & design fee✓ up to 20 pages + blog✓ 2 hours of monthly
web edits*✓ website address
✓ fast hosting
✓ 5 email accounts
✓ website maintenancelet’s talkultimate plan£199monthly£2499 initial website set-up & design fee✓ up to 40 pages + blog✓ 4 hours of monthly
web edits*✓ website address
✓ fast hosting
✓ 10 email accounts
✓ website maintenancelet’s talk*rollover unused website edit hours.

web packages not for you? ask for a build only quotefaq’s

all website packages include
 

pixel perfect design

installation & setup

performance hosting

professional email address

ssl security certificate

client updates & support

regular backups

managed website maintenance

content management system

photo gallery

 google analytics

contact form

mobile & tablet friendly design

search engine friendly pages

social media integration

our blogcheck out our free resources for the latest web and digital marketing tips, tricks and advice.







looking for google ads support?







looking for google ads support?2024-01-05t09:14:17+00:00by gingerpixels|categories: digital marketing, feature, google ads|read more 0








finalist in the prestigious canterbury business awards







finalist in the prestigious canterbury business awards2023-12-05t17:29:24+00:00by gingerpixels|categories: awards, feature, ginger pixels|read more 0








best web design agency – kent – uk enterprise awards 2022







best web design agency – kent – uk enterprise awards 20222024-05-14t16:53:24+01:00by gingerpixels|categories: awards, feature, ginger pixels|read more 0

read more
what our clients say
chris is an absolute professional who is talented and provides first class customer service ! effective listening in order to deliver creative and effective services. a fabulous  re build of our website ! recommend chris !
karen daly - gherabi - managing director, the springboard consultancy 
ginger pixels have managed my ppc and seo for over a year now and this has helped me grow my online visability enormously leading to severeal comissions for my work. i would recommend you give them a call if you think you’re  not getting enough from your existing online marketing.
neil thomas - bespoke kentish furniture maker, the little woodshed
chris is without doubt the hardest working and genuinely nice marketeer i’ve ever had the pleasure of working with. the continued success of ginger pixels is testament to his refreshingly honest approach to client management and his broad range of digital media skills. i’ve worked with chris on and off for the past 10 years and am yet to see a project where he was unable to demonstrate the value added by his involvement with the project.
nick stiles - senior operations manager, royal mail
i was introduced to chris through a mutual contact and found him instantly approachable, helpful and straightforward. he is incredibly easy to work with and doesn’t use any of the usual baffling “lingo” of tech web developers, instead spending time with the client using real life comparisons and useful analogies to explain why we are developing their site a certain way. his subscription business model is refreshing and easier for smes to work with. we have now worked successfully on a mix of four uk & international projects together and i look forward to there being more in the future!
becky walsh - marketing consultant
at eurotech we all love ginger pixels……. in the past we have used so many so-called professionals and without any success. when we appointed ginger pixels, their main man chris responded well to our needs and re-designed our website, making our company look so professional online. their owner, chris corfield is such an engaging person and is both pro-active with ideas, but will also listen to your ideas to create the perfect marketing solution. without a doubt, ginger pixels has greatly helped the success of our company, eurotech security systems ltd.
peter j alligan - managing director, eurotech security systems

need advice? we’d love to help!looking for a stunning website to showcase your business, product or services? well, you’ve come to the right place! our experienced web design team specialise in producing eye-catching and feature-packed websites, microsites and ecommerce stores.


 





















×


see who we’ve worked with



 
 





about us 
ginger pixels is a web design and google ads agency based in whitstable, helping you attract customers and grow your business!
our mission – to build long term client relationships by offering affordable & sustainable websites backed by efficient reliable customer support.

 

 

get social with us








 


recent
comments










outsourced google ads management

												february 6th, 2025											







your trusted google ads agency

												january 21st, 2025											







accelerate your success: the rapid results of google ads

												january 16th, 2025											






no comments have been published yet.




 

contact us 
the studio
millers court
whitstable
kent
ct5 4qb
(please schedule your visit)
phone: 07887 508938
email: studio@gingerpixels.co.uk


map 

 
 
 





		© copyright     |   website created by ginger pixels   |    privacy policy 

 
 
 
 
 
 
page load link



we use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. by clicking “accept”, you consent to the use of all the cookies.cookie settingsacceptmanage consent




close






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.

 





								necessary							


necessary

always enabled




									necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. these cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously.
cookiedurationdescriptioncookielawinfo-checbox-analytics11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "analytics".cookielawinfo-checbox-functional11 monthsthe cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "functional".cookielawinfo-checbox-others11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "other.cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "necessary".cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "performance".viewed_cookie_policy11 monthsthe cookie is set by the gdpr cookie consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. it does not store any personal data. 






								functional							


functional





									functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features.
								






								performance							


performance





									performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors.
								






								analytics							


analytics





									analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. these cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc.
								






								advertisement							


advertisement





									advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. these cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads.
								






								others							


others





									other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet.
								












save & accept



















































































































 


go to top




