




triangle tattoo & museum
triangle tattoo & museum , art with a pulse, stewed screwed and tattooed, 














 





    triangle tattoo &museum



 
 
"art with a pulse"

border=0 height=60 width=>
 




triangle tattoo & museum was founded in 1986 
by tattooists mr.g. and madame chinchilla   it 
is one of only a few public museums in the world dedicated to the display of tattoo 
artifacts. located in downtown ft. bragg, across from the guest house museum, 
the collection is fittingly housed in one of the town's

original victorian store fronts. triangle tattoo & museum is open  
7 days a week from noon till six p.m.  all ages are welcome. admission is 
free. school and personal tours are given upon request. please call in advance.  
besides 25 years of tattooing, mr. g and madame chinchilla, are experienced 
in radio-television interviews and powerpoint lectures. both are authors, having 
written several feature articles for newspapers, magazines, and  four books 
on the subject of  tattoos. they have appeared in movies, documentaries and 
television dramas as tattooed characters (themselves) or tattoo scene 
consultants. 
currently, they both tattoo on a regular schedule while also working into 
print their latest book. their newest book is a biography on the life and times 
of  the legendary capt. don leslie who was one of the last of the old-time 
"circus tattooed men" and a revered "swordswallower". the book  titled 
"captain don leslie-mr. sideshow", will be available early this summer. mr.g's 
articles and columns appear in "skin & ink" 
magazine.
contact madame chinchilla and  mr. 
g at:
triangle tattoo & museum
356 b north main street, fort bragg, ca 
95437 
707-964-8814  
 


101 most influential people in tattoo (no. 17)—mr. g and madame 
chinchilla 

   new!! 
hot off the press!! "biography of capt. don leslie" by madame chinchilla       
 





                                       

                                     




                                        




                                        





contact info
for more in-depth research, please visit our 
tireless friends at these fantastic sites:



vanishing 
tattoo on line museum

tattoo archives
   
 
 


last updated on 
11/18/14 by triangle tattoo & museum isadore press





