




virginia furniture market | rocky mount, roanoke, lynchburg, christiansburg, blacksburg, radford, virginia


















skip to main content


































search











                            location_on
                        


come say hello!


rocky mount, va - furniture market


bedford, va - furniture market


christiansburg, va - furniture market


crafted


vfm billiards & more


roanoke, va - mattress store


rocky mount, va - mattress store


vfm warehouse outlets


vfm decorator's outlet


distribution center & corporate offices



view all





account_circle




cart


0








cart


0






search





search
















locations


sign in














































































































































since 1997 we have been guided by a simple plan. we strive to offer the region's best furniture selection at great values backed up with exceptional customer service. our low price guarantee means you can buy with confidence every day of the year, knowing you are getting the best price in our region. we offer a variety of finance options to meet your individual needs. visit us today!joel shepherdowner


start browsing









mattresses







living room







dining room







bedroom







office







accents







entertainment







kids







outdoor







shop all

love your mattress guaranteeby purchasing our "love your mattress" package with your mattress you are eligible for a one time exchange of your mattress for 90 days from the date of your purchase.learn moreshopbrowse by departmentstart shoppinglocationssee local stores near you.visit a storecurrent promotionsview our current promotions.take a peekwe are the region's reclining expertsshop all











pinnacle loveseat







henry sofa







henry recliner







stoneland recliner







stewart







atlas








 5,000 5 star reviews and countingview nowfinancinglearn moredeliverysee optionslow price guaranteelearn morefurniture protectionlearn morelove your homethere's something for everyone at vfm. browse our large selection of living room furniture to create the perfect retreat.shop nowrelax and reclineshop our large selection of the latest in reclining technology.shop nowstresslessthe innovation of comfortshop stresslessflexsteelthe blue steel advantageshop flexsteelreviewsread morevirginia furniture market: your rocky mount, roanoke, lynchburg, smith mountain lake, & christiansburg, va furniture & mattress storevirginia furniture market is virginia's finest furniture and mattress store. we have 9 locations and proudly serve the roanoke, rocky mount, christiansburg, blacksburg, bedford, lynchburg, and smith mountain lake, virginia areas. visit any of our stores and you will see a huge selection of affordable furniture for the whole family including sofas, chairs, beds, tables, youth furniture, entertainment furniture, solid wood furniture, amish furniture, mattresses and more. as the lead innovator for furniture buyers in the area, virginia furniture market brings you fast, professional delivery, the largest store in the region for outdoor, reclining, kids and teen furniture. vfm offers everyday low prices, and easy warehouse pickups.

















don’t miss out on deals & new releases





submitting...







contact notes - required*

do you agree to the terms of service?



































virginia furniture market features a great selection of sofas, sectionals, chairs, recliners, leather furniture, beds, master bedroom sets, kids bedroom, dressers, nightstands, dining sets, kitchen storage, mattresses, entertainment furniture, office furniture, solid wood furniture, amish furniture and can help you with your home design and decorating.  if you are in the roanoke, rocky mount, christiansburg, blacksburg, bedford, lynchburg, or smith mountain lake, virginia area and looking for quality furniture at a low price visit your nearest virginia furniture market location.
information accuracy - we have taken great care to provide you with information that is accurate and useful. please notify us if you find an error and we will do our best to correct it. we ask that you contact us directly to confirm information about pricing, color, features, dimensions, availability and lead times.
nothing on this page may be copied or reproduced without explicit permission.







site powered by furnituredealer.net © 2006 - 2025 furnituredealer.net, inc., all rights reserved.


privacy policy
accessibility statement
do not sell my personal information



























×



track your delivery
are you waiting on your delivery? track it!

















