






biology






























































































































skip to main content




college of science & engineering
department of biology




menu






home


undergraduate programs






majors and minors


courses


career resources





graduate programs






ms program


ma program


ph.d. program


financial support & scholarships





student experience






undergraduate research


graduate research


pre-health professions institute


facilities


announcements





faculty & staff






research areas









main content 



study the principles of life
want to prepare for medical school, graduate study, a career in research, or a top-notch
                     job? study the principles of life from the molecular level to the biosphere.
welcomeundergraduate programsgraduate programs



 
biology news flashes

 

















view this profile on instagram





















tcu department of biology (@tcubiology) • instagram photos and videos

 
 



student & faculty reseach
engaging students in research is a key component of our mission.  research plays a
                        key role in the lives of our faculty, and students are invited to work alongside faculty
                        in pursuit of new scientific knowledge.  research offers students the opportunity
                        to take what they have learned in the classroom and put it in to action, all while
                        making connections with their faculty mentor and other students in the laboratory. 
undergraduate researchgraduate researchfaculty research areasmake a gift



 



alumni spotlight
our alumni spotlight features ally lunich (bs biology, 2022). after completing her
                     undergraduate degree in biology, ally began working at the national heart, lung, and
                     blood institute (nhlbi/nih) in bethesa, md as a postbaccalaureate intramural research
                     trainee working to understand the effects of current treatments on cells from patients
                     with chronic lymphocytic leukemia (cll) and other leukemia and lymphomas. click read
                     more to learn more about ally, her experiences at tcu, and her current research position.
read more



 



support our biology students
designate your gifts to:

dr. ray drenner biology student research fund
clifford murphy fund for biology student research


you can help our department expand student research opportunities by making a donation
                           today. donations of any size are appreciated. donations of $3600 are typically sufficient
                           to provide stipends for summer research conducted by graduate students or yearlong
                           research experiences for students, including research supplies and travel to scientific
                           conferences.  read more.




 
latest stories




cse stories / biology 

tcu's research helps fort worth zoo release record number of texas horned lizards


december 9, 2024
tcu’s "horny toad project," led by biology professor dean williams, ph.d., has played a critical role in the fort worth zoo’s record-breaking release of 617 texas horned lizards into the wild.


read more
view more stories



 


announcements
department of biology

we are hiring. join our team!
tenure-track assistant professor of biology  (continue reading)
view all announcements




tcu department of biology homepage




winton scott hallsuite 4012955 s. university drive fort worth, texas 76109

817-257-7165

tcu box 298930 fort worth, texas 76129

biology@tcu.edu





		give
	

quick links

pre-health professions institute


facebook
instagram






work at tcu
accessibility
notice of nondiscrimination
title ix
legal disclosures
privacy
accreditation



all content © 2025 texas christian university. all rights reserved.



top
college of science & engineering









texas christian university





search



















©
