











































    
    hair loss treatment | national hair centers, arizona
  
  
















                 
  a black and white drawing of a telephone on a white background.




 (602) 230-0000

    







    
    

 

 





 contact us






    


     hair replacement


   non surgical micro point links



  hair replacement systems



  hair loss treatments for men



  hair loss treatments for women



  fuller look salon services





  hair restoration: transplants


   hair transplant surgery



  hair transplant musts





  hair regrowth


   laser hair therapy



  trichology services





  about nhc


   meet the nhc pros


   s. dirodis, president



  dr. kelemen, physician





  national hair centers reviews



  hair restoration awards



  careers





  hair loss info center


   blog



  hair replacement overview



  financing hair restoration














    
 





        hair loss treatments

 hair regrowth

 hair replacement

national hair centers' elite hair specialists help get you the surgical or non-surgical hair solution you need to feel and look your best.



   stop wasting time and money with big impersonal hair club chains! local and personalized, national hair centers is more experienced, less expensive, and has dedicated specialists. we are your neighbors, not a call-center in a different state, so we're here when you need us. nhc welcomes you to become part of the national hair family today and get the quality care you deserve.
  

schedule a free consultation




   



    real hair center clients, real reviews: we earn trust.




      



    rating











     

view more reviews




       

    

button




  

    

button




  

    

button




  

    

button




  

    

button




  

    

button




  

    

button




  

    

button








  hair replacement: non-surgical hair loss solutions


forget everything you think you know about hair clubs and men’s hair systems or women’s wigs; national hair center’s hair quality and selection along with our fanatical client service blows everyone else out of the water.these aren’t your father’s toupees, these are cutting edge human hair pieces designed so that when our hair replacement experts blend and style them for you nobody will ever guess you’re wear a hair system.we also offer micro point links which are a simple, feather-light, non-invasive, non-surgical hair loss solution that can add up to 600 strands in under an hour.let us help you find the perfect hair solution for your levels and type of hair loss.read more about national hair center's hair replacement services
 how can we solve your hair replacement issues today?

  

tell me more about your hair pieces and human hair quality

  

tell me more about women's hair loss solutions




     

book your free hair replacement consultation




    hair restoration: surgical hair transplants


easier and more affordable than you think, hair transplant surgery is the only proven, permanent solution to hair loss for men and women.and national hair centers is the highly skilled transplant leader that you can be confident in trusting to carry out this delicate but powerful process with groundbreaking results.industry leading sean dirodis and our professional hair treatment team are here to give you, for free, a complete doctor’s hair and scalp analysis with over a $250.00 value since not all people are candidates for hair transplants.read more about national hair center's hair restoration services
 how can we permanently solve your hair loss issues today?

  

am i a candidate for hair replacement surgery?


     

    

button




  

    

button










     

book your free hair transplant consultation today




    book consultation

fields marked with an * are required
 home page book consultation
    name *

 email *

 phone number *

 best day to call?

 best time to call?

 what services are you interested in?


  bots only
   option 1




  option 2




  option 3












thank you for contacting us.we will get back to you as soon as possible.
oops, there was an error sending your message.please try again later.




       

    

button




  

    

button




  

    

button




  

    

button








  hair regrowth:
non-surgical hair growth solutions


having post-partum hair thinning? do you have scalp issues that are causing non-genetic hair loss issues like scarring alopecia, shedding, or itchy flaky scalp? brittle, breaking hair, hair loss after covid or long covid?at national hair centers we have highly experienced trichologists who can help you pinpoint a variety of hair issues that cause non-genetic hair loss and get you on the path to healthy fuller hair.we also offer fda cleared portable capillus and xtrallux laser therapy for those of you with early genetic hair loss to help keep or maintain more of your hair, longer.- read more about national hair center's hair regrowth services
 how can we solve your hair loss and scalp issues today?

  

am i a candidate for laser therapy?

  

do i need trichology?




     

book a trichologist appointment today




    as seen on









       the hair loss experts for men and women


home
    national hair centers

 

5828 n 7th streetphoenix, az 85014local #: (602) 230-0000toll free #: (855) 230-hair (4247)also serving scottsdale, mesa, fountain hills, tempe, and sun city west, paradise valley, chandler, gilbert, ahwatukee foothills, buckeye, encanto, litchfield park & out of state new mexico residents



    hair replacement systems:

﻿serving the greater phoenix arizona area

 the world’s largest hair transplant and hair loss treatment clinic

national hair centers has a huge on-site staff of trained hair replacement specialists and a large selection of the best hair replacement products and technology in the industry.with a history of almost 50 years, but with a new generation of education, modern methods and products, the leadership and staff are all people dedicated to the science and art of making you look your very best.we’re so proud of our services that many of us are customers as well!﻿






     


 

©2024
national hair centers phoenix hair restoration




















































































































  
  share by:






  


