





 



life depends on rivers -































































skip to main content

about us

about american rivers
our impact
staff
our board and advisors
corporate supporters
careers
contact us


our work

clean water and rivers
restoring rivers
river protection
explore rivers of the u.s.
where we work
most endangered rivers
map of u.s. dams removed
reports
media center


take action

action center
national river cleanup®
partner with american rivers


river stories

our blog
american rivers films
we are rivers podcast


support us

shop
renew membership
other ways to give


donate
 













life depends on rivers
it’s not just that rivers make our lives better. we can’t survive without them.




 


a blueprint for the trump administration
defending our water security: a blueprint to deliver clean water, strong infrastructure, and safe communities



							learn more						





what's new




our vision




 
protect 1 million miles of rivers 
we can protect 1 million miles of free-flowing rivers by 2030 and half of all rivers in our country by 2050. in addition to safeguarding some of our healthiest, most scenic rivers, american rivers will focus our efforts on areas where people live. 



 
remove 30,000 harmful dams 
removing a dam is the fastest, most efficient way to bring a river back to life. our on-the-ground work to reconnect and restore free-flowing rivers will emphasize areas that address climate impacts and protect biodiversity. 



 
ensure clean water for every community
clean water is essential for health, and rivers provide the water our communities need. we will make sure that the hundreds of millions of dollars available from the federal infrastructure legislation flows where it’s most needed — to improve climate resiliency, safety, and health.



 
champion a powerful river movement 
nearly everyone in our country lives within a mile of a river but few know what that river provides. we envision a future in which every river has multitudes of champions speaking up for it. because only by working together can we adapt and thrive.




news & updates







december 17, 2024
communities continue to fight to protect america’s most endangered rivers® of 2024







december 19, 2024
undamming hope: a watauga river restoration







september 30, 2024
the biggest river stories of 2024




view all articles

















donate now
 every $1 donated to american rivers goes to fight for healthy rivers and clean water, everywhere, for everyone. 

				donate today			




american rivers

					1101 14th street nw, suite 1400
					washington, dc 20005				
phone: 
						202-347-7550
ein: 23-7305963













connect with us
 don’t let the latest river news and actions pass you by. sign up for our email updates.


				sign up			



contact us
careers
land acknowledgments
 



 

 




©2025 american rivers, all rights reserved.

state disclosures
privacy policy
terms of use
 














