


























biological sciences | the university of new orleans 
















    skip to main content












menumenu
















hamburger aux menu


maps & directions


for current students


for faculty & staff


for alumni


for parents


employment opportunities


give now



privateer sports




hamburger menu





future students


admissions


visit campus


undergraduate admissions


graduate admissions


financial aid


tuition and fees


scholarships and awards




academics


academics home


undergraduate programs


graduate programs


general education


professional and continuing education (pace)


online degree programs


service learning


study abroad




colleges


business administration


engineering


liberal arts, education and human development


college of sciences


school of the arts


school of education


school of naval architecture


hotel, restaurant & tourism


school of interdisciplinary studies


the graduate school




about uno


about uno


at a glance


office of the president


administrative offices


mission & vision


history


university advancement


alumni




research


research home


faculty & staff research


student research


collaborate with uno


office of research




student life


student life home


campus safety


on campus housing


campus dining


recreation & fitness


student health


campus hangouts


get involved





















university of new orleans


academics


college of sciences


                            biological sciences
                    











department of biological sciences
we provide a supportive and dynamic educational experience for our undergraduate and graduate students. the department currently offers graduate training leading to a ph.d. degree in integrative biology and the master's of science (ms) degree in biological sciences. a new one-year master’s of science (ms) program is now available with a concentration in biomedical sciences. 


apply now







“what brought me to uno was the small campus size, the small class size, as well as the active role that the teachers play in teaching their students and the research opportunities here in the biology department.” ~michael connick (biology pre-med major)












 

in this section




biological sciences


department chair welcome


our mission


undergraduate programs


graduate programs


facilities and collaborations


graduate students


events


student organizations


faculty


contact us

















about biological sciences


welcome to the department of biological sciences at the university of new orleans! at uno, undergraduate education in the biological sciences prepares students for various careers. our courses are designed for the development of a new generation of research biologists, educators, physicians, dentists, and veterinarians with b.s. degrees in biological sciences. we encourage our biology majors to participate in the ongoing research efforts of the faculty. while doing so, students earn credits for biology and general electives which will count towards graduation; please see courses numbered bios 2002, 2092, 3092, and 4091 in the general catalogue.



biology degree programs
biological sciences b.s.
biological sciences m.s.
integrative biology ph.d.
pre-professional programs


















biology alumnus
jacob frick has been researching cyanobacteria with mentor dr. wendy schluchter, chair of the university of new orleans department of biological sciences. thanks to uno's support of undergraduate research, jacob is #unoproud to be pursuing a career in scientific exploration.









our facultydr. barney rees is department chair and graduate coordinator. he can answer questions related to the department in general and the undergraduate and graduate programs. our full-time faculty, instructors, and adjuncts have research and teaching expertise ranging from molecular genetics, to animal and plant physiology, biochemistry, conservation biology, population biology, community ecology, ichthyology, systematics, and much more. please explore our web pages to learn more.

















new approaches engage students in math and science classes
a grant from the howard hughes medical institute has enabled the university of new orleans to launch several student-focused initiatives in the stem areas. the biology department offers student-led supplemental instruction classes while the math department takes advantage of an upgraded teaching computer lab.






















2000 lakeshore drive new orleans, la 70148


888-514-4275


additional contacts




learn


admission information


programs of study


scholarships and awards


tuition and fees




experience


international center


our campus


student life


accessibility




connect










all social


university calendar


español - tiếng việt






request info


apply


visit


give








© 2024 university of new orleans


emergency preparedness


ul system


non-discrimination


campus crime stats


title ix & power based violence



















