



miami university regionals | miami university regionals



















































alert message
covid-19 updates: miami's response to the coronavirus pandemic and cdc's coronavirus health and safety guidelines.


	skip to main content
	







universal utility links























main menu























top destinations

 mymiami

 workday

 pay my bill

 one stop

 profiles directory

 campus maps




connect





























sitewide links












































miami university regionals











        					    small class sizes, hands-on learning, and flexible scheduling are some of the many benefits of attending miami university regionals. explore the programs and opportunities available at our conveniently-located campuses and online.
        					




            						explore regionals majors and minors
            						







quick links

request for information


admission (apply or schedule visit)


tuition, financial aid, and scholarships


miami online


campus life


athletics


work+ (free tuition + salary)


mymiami










explore your future - request for information


















miami university regionals offers bachelor's degrees, associate degrees, and beginning coursework for most four-year degrees at oxford. small class sizes, on-site child care (hamilton campus), and flexible scheduling make miami regionals the perfect place for you at any stages of life or career.



request information


paying for college


work+ program


online programs


microcredentials






                					explore miami regionals
                					











need help with a class or your schedule? want to attend a lecture or athletic event? find links to those services and more here.



mymiami


academic advising


academic calendar


career services


mental health and well-being website


student support services






                					explore our regionals resources
                					











stay engaged and connected with miami university regionals.



support miami regionals


engage and network


follow us on facebook






                					connect with alumni
                					











explore the diversity of public programming at miami university regionals. we host hundreds of events each year, many of which are free.



calendar of events


maps, parking, and transit


passport to programming






                					event venues
                					











become an engaged and informed resource for your student.



chat with us






                					explore resources for parents and families
                					











connect to essential university resources that can help you succeed.



technology services


reserve a room


e-campus faculty and staff 






                					discover resources for faculty and staff
                					











whether it's connecting you with interns or employees for your organization, developing coursework for your current workforce through microcredentials, or finding unique employment opportunities for existing or new employees in our work+ program, miami regionals is here to meet your needs.







                					partnership with miami regionals
                					












                                                                            applied biology major
                                                                    


through a unique opportunity applied biology major skylar gries, was able to explore career prospects and even secure an internship that led to the job of his dreams as a naturalist aide with hueston woods state park.






                                                                            newest major
                                                                    


miami university regionals offers a high-quality education to help you meet your professional goals with our fully online cybersecurity and networking major.






                                                                            counseling services
                                                                    


confidential counseling services free of charge is just one of the numerous ways we support your academic and personal success during your college journey at miami university regionals.
.
                                    
                                    













miami for everyone, everywhere
at miami university regionals, we understand that students need flexible scheduling. that's why we offer access in a variety of formats and locations that are convenient for you.



            			explore our campuses and locations
            			








 



            						                						        hamilton campus
            						                						    

the miami hamilton campus offers students small class sizes with a unique opportunity to learn from award-winning faculty. home to the nursing innovation hub, and a five-star ranked child care center.





 



            						                						        middletown campus
            						                						    

an extensive mix of offerings and cultural experiences, the middletown campus ​provides robust opportunities for students. take advantage of the english language center, william and patricia schaefer career services suite, robotics lab, and thunderhawks athletics.





 



            						                						        voice of america learning center in west chester
            						                						    

located in west chester, the voalc is home to the commerce innovation hub, miami's nationally ranked mba program and graduate coursework in teaching and educational leadership. it is also home to the ohio small business development center.





 



            						                						        miami online (formerly e-campus)
            						                						    

whether you are interested in a single course or an entire degree, miami online offers a dynamic learning experience with exceptional student support services. ranked one of ohio’s top 10 best online bachelor’s programs by u.s. news & world report.










student spotlights






    			view all spotlights
    			









tyson jung '26


                                
                                communication studies
                                
                                






mallory getz '24


                                
                                sales management
                                
                                






amanda schauer '25


                                
                                applied biology
                                
                                










our will to transform tomorrow will strengthen and grow our communities


where will you go after college? you will have countless opportunities with a degree from miami university.

explore miami regionals at a glance





99%

                                                            of 2022-2023 bachelor's degree graduates were employed, furthering their education, serving in the military or a service program
                                                    

                                                                            — all campuses, miami university data
                                                                    




no. 5

                                                            miami regionals top public schools on the regional colleges midwest list
                                                    

                                                                            — u.s. news & world report, 2025
                                                                    




90.2%

                                                            of 2020-2021 graduates live in ohio and contribute to regional development
                                                    

                                                                            — miami university data
                                                                    








news and events





featured news








miami university graduate travels 4,154 miles to oxford to walk at commencement










a high-quality, low-cost college education is possible







two miami university nursing students credited with helping save the life of adjunct faculty member during finals week






latest news


excellence and expertise

 miami mba program earns top 15 national online ranking from u.s. news & world report



campus announcements

miami welcomes first assistant vice president for online learning and professional education



butler county and beyond

miami university regionals engineering technology and butler county: a history of successful collaboration



more news





upcoming events



more events






















