





okotoks web design and web hosting: high country web design | okotoks ab














































 (403) 995-1144











 about us


 contact us














home
about us
our services

website design
website hosting
domain name registration
search engine optimization (seo)
logo & graphic design
grocery store websites



portfolio
testimonials
request quote
contact us

















do you need a new

web design?
you've just discovered a small but mighty, professional & affordable web developer based in okotoks, ab.
get started now!









we don't just build websites, we build your business!
check out our latest designs and give us call today.




view portfolioor   request a quote








welcome to high country web design based in okotoks, alberta.
high country web design specializes in building professional and affordable websites for small businesses and organizations. we offer a full range of website design and development services. whether you need a simple single page online presence or a secure, database driven, e-commerce website, we are here to meet your needs and preferences.
please feel free to contact us about your web site or project requirements. we would like to hear from you and are available to answer any questions you may have.






high country web design is one of the most 

creative
productive
affordable
incredible

 website agencies in alberta.
based in okotoks, alberta and trusted by over 400 satisfied clients, high country web design develops websites ranging from small local businesses to fortune 500 companies.







0
years in business
many more to come





0
happy clients
they can’t be wrong





0
hosted websites
satisfaction guaranteed





0
languages spoken
that's coding languages














mobile friendly design
high country web design creates responsive websites that adapt to seemlessly fit a variety of devices and screen sizes.







awesome support
you won’t be alone working with high country, satisfaction is guaranteed, we really care about you and your business.












e-commerce websites
high country web design can plan, design, build, and help market your perfect e-commerce website solution.







database development
we have experience and passion for creating useful database driven web apps and custom online software solutions.









key services
our designers have been involved in creating and maintaining websites since 1995 and possess many talents in the internet programming, design, and graphics arts fields.
there are so many reasons to choose high country web design, here are a just a few:










website design









website hosting









website upgrades









website maintenance











domain name registration









ecommerce shopping carts









custom database programming









search engine optimization











identity/logo design









business card & letter head design









photo editing & retouching









graphic design services











e-mail marketing / newsletters









website promotion & marketing









ssl & secure payment processing









online event registrations











professional social media services









professional copywriting









professional photography









professional videography








and so much more...







what our clients say





high country web design had developed a database website for crescent point energy, and has worked with us over the years to customize the site to suit our changing needs.
dave bown not only understood our requests for customization, he provided valuable feedback and made suggestions that increased the user friendliness of the site.  he was able to make the changes in a time frame that worked for us, and provided updates so that we were very clear on his progress.  the site is everything we had hoped for.


christina h, health & safety coordinator, crescent point energy









high country has given me both amazing reviews from new and old clients and has increased my web traffic drastically. the professional, clean mobile friendly site is a testament to this firm's work and excellence. 
i constantly have positive comments about my site and the service and knowledge from high country web design is brilliant!


wendy giuffre – president, wendy ellen inc.









dave bown of high country web design set up a professional website for my sunshine nursery school in okotoks 14 years ago and has maintained it for me since then. i have found dave to be very knowledgeable and has supplied us with many creative ideas. he is easy to work with and is very helpful when changes are required on the website. he is patient when explaining technical matters to non-technical people such as myself.
our website has proven to be very helpful in informing clients of all aspects of the school and bringing clients to us.i highly recommend dave to anyone interested in setting up and maintaining a website.


marg agnew – owner & founder, sunshine nursery











our clients





























start creating your new website today with high country web design
now that you know that high country web design is the best choice for your next project, do not hesitate, contact us today and join our many happy customers. get started now.


latest seo keyword optimization work:



 okotoks trailer rentals
 backflow testing red deer
 plumber in comox
 counselling okotoks
 edmonton podiatrist
 deck railing calgary
 deck railing edmonton
 social skills groups calgary
 social skills training calgary
 counseling okotoks
 psychologist okotoks
 garage door repair in okotoks
 acerage lawn mowing for okotoks
 heating & air conditioning services calgary
 garbage removal in okotoks
 vancouver podiatrist/foot clinic
 locksmith services okotoks
 house cleaning okotoks

 chlorella powder and tablets usa
 chlorella tablets and powder canada
 okotoks therapy services







 guitar lessons okotoks
 christmas tree delivery calgary
 electrician okotoks
 acerage sitting okotoks




 labradoodles for sale - canada breeder
 alberta property maintenance
 toy stores canada







case studies:


 plumber comox
 garbage removal okotoks
 podiatrist vancouver

 extreme modular buildings 
 aluminum deck railing calgary – home rail ltd.
 topo maps canada – gotrekkers
 garage door repair – high country garage doors









 request a quote
join the 400+ happy customers :)












get in touch








contact us

 address: 50 sheep river crescent, okotos, ab, t1s 1r3
 phone: (403) 995-1144
 email: 
 web: www.high-country.ca




service areas:

 alberta
 okotoks
 high river
 calgary
 bragg creek




 kananaskis
 aldersyde
 longview
 heritage point
 black diamond




 turner valley
 millarville
 de winton
 priddis
 nanton








© copyright 2025 high country web design. all rights reserved.




home
request a quote
contact






































