







home - meyers auto tech










































































































skip to content











 
(509) 735-8436





 
1120 n grant street, kennewick, wa 99336




 
m-f 7:30 am - 5:30 pm









schedule appointment
















 










menu

 


about

history
meet the team


services

tesla alignment
electric and hybrid vehicle repair
diesel
scheduled maintenance
brake repair
alignment
oil changes


reviews
blog
contact





















 





meyers auto tech in kennewick 



your expert car and truck mechanics 













learn more



















 







hybrid repair specialists 



we specialize in working on and repairing hybrid cars and vehicles. 






hybrid repair



















 







diesel repair specialists 



we’re experts on repairing and working on diesel vehicles and trucks. 






diesel repair



















 







scheduled maintenance 



schedule your regular interval or check-up maintenance for your car or truck. 






maintenance

















 









 







brake repair 



we offer brake repair and replacement for old or worn brake pads and parts. 






brake repair



















 







alignment 



we offer tire alignment to keep your vehicle driving straight down the road. 






alignment



















 







oil changes 



we offer oil changes for your truck or car. 






oil changes























 







 











tri-cities best vehicle mechanics 



							meyers auto tech is an automotive and truck repair and maintenance shop serving the kennewick, pasco, and richland washington areas since 1998.						



about meyers auto tech 



meyers auto tech is a locally owned christian business that exists to serve the needs of two groups of people – our customers and our employees.we believe these needs are best met by fostering relationships, both within our shop and within our community, that are based upon honesty, open communication, teamwork, and trust. 













about














 



 









 







 







 







 







 











quality auto work guaranteed 



all of our car and truck services, maintenance, and vehicle repairs are backed with our industry-leading nationwide 3 year or 36,000 mile warranty….  and that’s why we say; “don’t settle for less, come to meyers auto tech!”we promise to do our best to provide you and your family with the finest automotive service, using quality products, done right, finished on time, at a fair price, with all of our work guaranteed. 













reviews

















 














our team 



passionate about fair, friendly customer service, owners ben & wendi gatewood are long term residents of the tri-cities area and have been in the automotive service business since 1998.  with four young children at home, ben and wendi are very possibly the busiest auto repair shop owners and parents in the industry!  ben is an ase certified master automotive mechanic who has been with meyers auto tech since late 2000, eventually taking over daily shop operations in 2014. 













meet our team











 





								
								ben
																



									owner								




 







 





								
								wendi
																



									owner								




 















makes we service 



we specialize in many vehicle makes and models, including hybrids and diesels, so that you can rest assured that your vehicle is getting the best service available. we work on all vehicles from fords to toyotas to subarus.  






 
ford



 
chevrolet



 
honda



 
toyota



 
jeep



 
tesla



 
cadillac



 
general motors



 
nissan



 
subaru



 
mazda



 
gmc



 
ram



 
kia



 
chrysler



 
pontiac



 
infiniti



 
mitsubishi



 
dodge



 
hyundai



 
oldsmobile
















schedule service



















certifications & affiliations 







 







 







 







 














 









 



							meyers auto tech is a locally owned christian business that exists to serve the needs of two groups of people – our customers and our employees.						






facebook
 










contact us 







 
(509) 735-8436





 
1120 n grant streetkennewick, wa 99336(corner of canal and quinault)







we are open 






 
monday - friday 7:30 am - 5:30 pm









schedule appointment






















							meyers auto tech | copyright © 2025 all rights reserved						







website by underground creative 





































