

python scripting to automate a bittorrent engine home page









bit torrent dht network search engineopen all | 
close all


     according to wikipedia, vuze azureus was first released in june 2003 at sourceforge.net, mostly to experiment its graphics user interface (gui) design with the standard widget toolkit (swt) from eclipse. it later became one of the most popular and feature-rich bittorrent clients.

     the product has become stable and mature and then the pace of development started to slow since early 2017. the last stable version 5.7.6.0 was released on november 2, 2017, almost three years ago from 2020. even though the vuze user interface has evolved over time with many new added features, the azureus engine portion which handles all aspects of the bittorrent protocol is relatively stable and therefore remains somewhat unchanged.

     the source code shows that many core modules of the engine prove to be robust and require little or no modifications so far since the early 2000s. depending upon the application requirements, if the graphics user interface is no longer needed, this version of the azureus engine provides everything one ever needs when having to deal with the bittorrent protocol.

     if you are looking for a specific digital content online, both public and copyrighted, peer-to-peer file sharing using a bittorrent client such as vuze azureus quickly comes into the picture once the traditional search engines (google, yahoo) fail to deliver what you need. what missing with vuze azureus and all other bittorrent clients is an automatic and flexible mechanism to find and locate new contents without having to visit torrent sites and not having to download or upload anything.



page



     finding new contents may be a joyous event in the beginning if you are lucky enough to find exactly what you want. but it quickly becomes a chore or a complete waste of time once unrelated junks or fake items fill up your search results.

     most users typically discover new contents by performing a keyword search on the traditional search engines or by visiting a torrent index site. a typical user may not have a definite idea of what he or she is looking for, what is trending, or what is currently the latest and greatest. to offer such user some ideas, a torrent site's category view comes in useful to allow browsing of specific content such as videos, music, software or games.

     it would be great if there is an automatic mechanism through which to find new content. one that simply works with almost no effort. it neither involves visiting a torrent index site nor requires any kind of keyword search. one that would find new contents available from large peer-to-peer networks such as the bittorrent mainline dht and the vuze dht (distributed hash table), the current trending and the latest and greatest based on the activities of other most active users.

     this automatic mechanism, in a sense based upon certain ranking criteria, is similar to the "suggested video" feature on youtube which displays a list of somewhat related videos next to the one you selected for viewing. you save yourself a great deal of time and resources to look for new and may even find unexpected contents since the work has already been done for you by your peers.

     fortunately, this mechanism already exists.

     almost all new contents in many languages and locales are available to acquire from two large bittorrent networks: the mainline dht and the vuze dht network. the mainline dht can have more than several hundred millions to billions of users worldwide at a time. the vuze dht network is a lot smaller but can also have millions of users at a time.

     contents are mostly illegally distributed motion pictures, tv shows, pirated music tracks, cracked software applications and utilities, ripped adult movies from websites or recorded media, specialty genre such as anime, copyrighted books and publication stored in files of compressed digital format, noteably files with the extension pdf and epub

     the above video clip shows some of the features of the popular bittorrent client vuze azureus to acquire contents from these dht networks using its windows graphic interface. most if not all modern bittorrent clients can search or download for a specific torrent but cannot show the complete picture of what peers are currently trading on the entire network.


