







bruce lee foundation - honoring bruce lee’s life and philosophy












































bruce lee foundation - honoring bruce lee’s life and philosophy



bruce lee foundation - honoring bruce lee’s life and philosophy
home
about

mission & vision
trustee, advisors & volunteers
partners & contributors
about bruce lee
jeet kune do


initiatives

current initiatives
past initiatives


donate
contact us







   


we provide access to bruce lee’s   teachings to help people enhance their  personal growth and wellness in alignment  with mind, body and spirit.
current initiatives




a little about us

what started as a grassroots movement to honor bruce lee’s philosophies and dedication to his craft and his life, has become a growing 501(c)(3) not-for-profit organization that motivates individuals around the world to become the best version of themselves.
through our three pillars of youth mental wellness, one family and legacy, the bruce lee foundation encourages people to strive for honest self-expression in alignment with mind, body, and spirit and in harmony with one another.
since 2002, the bruce lee foundation has created online and physical exhibits to educate people about bruce lee, provided financial assistance for students to attend college, supported educational programs and run our camp bruce lee summer program for kids to practice bruce lee’s teachings.






“always  be yourself. express  yourself.  have faith  in yourself.”






our pillars

through our three pillars of youth mental wellness, one family, and legacy, we encourage people to strive for personal growth and wellness in mind, body and spirit and in harmony with one another.  









youth mental wellness

we support youth with an integrated mind, body, spirit approach to mental wellness. each year, camp bruce lee helps kids across the country discover bruce lee's teachings on building confidence and unlimited potential. 

camps 




legacy

the legacy of bruce lee lays the foundation for the blf’s approach across all its programming and dna. the legacy is the lifeblood that keeps us in flow and informs every action and interaction we have. to keep the legacy alive, we extend collections and mount exhibitions with museums around the world. 

exhibits 




one family

we promote the one family philosophy of community, connection and inclusion to help further the perspective that diversity engenders wellness and creates health. each year we collaborate with multicultural artists, athletes, and leaders, and support charities focused on humanitarian issues locally and globally.

one family 





want to help the bruce lee foundation? donate below!



it is because of your donations that we are able to run camp bruce lee, offer scholarships to bipoc students, create educational programs and exhibits centered around bruce lee's life, and continue to share bruce lee's legacy with the world. thank you for your support!
donate 





“using no way as way; having no limitation as limitation.”







links
blog
contact us
faqs
privacy policy
 



follow us on















close this module
welcome to the familyget connectedsubscribe to the blf newsletter and support our mission to help people thrive in mind, body and spirit through the bruce lee legacy.
emailenter your email addressnamenamesubscribeno thanks, i’m not interested!














