















middletown, ri | official website









  















skip to main content


















create a website account - manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more.   

website sign in

















    how do i...      government      living & visiting      beaches & recreation      public hearing notices  


 

 

 

 

 



 












search







 
 
 







 








 














need help?








new residents










 
 














projects








mapping










 
 














beaches








meetings, minutes, & codes










 
 
 


























 














news & highlights


keep informed with the latest news and highlights
 






  
 















middletown shows its heart 


on friday, #middletownri staff displayed their valentine's day spirit with costumes, decorations and...						read on...







on-street parking ban starting saturday 


#middletownri is implementing a temporary ban of on-street parking saturday, feb. 15 at noon thru su...						read on...







jepson lane reopened 


jepson lane north of oliphant lane in #middletownri has been reopened to thru traffic after a water ...						read on...







"student of the week" - khyla woolhouse 


khyla woolhouse is "student of the week" for #middletownri. an eighth grader at gaudet mid...						read on...







no town trash & recycling delay on presidents' day 


a note that there's no delay in the normal town "pay-as-you-throw" trash and recycling pic...						read on...







it's never too early to start thinking about summer 2025 


summer 2025 is right around the corner and we have openings at all levels to work at second and thir...						read on...







jepson lane north of oliphant lane closed temporarily due to water main break 


#middletownri police said jepson lane at oliphant lane is closed to all traffic friday morning tempo...						read on...







town council meets tuesday 


the #middletownri town council meets tuesday, feb. 18 to consider items of local interest at 6:30 pm...						read on...







greene lane power line work next week 


#middletownri police will have traffic details on greene lane next week for power line work, so be c...						read on...







town offices closed monday 


#middletownri offices are closed on presidents' day. however, town trash and recycling will be on a ...						read on...







book signing event with anthony pesare at the mpl 


join retired #middletownri police chief anthony pesare for a signing event of his latest novel &quot...						read on...







"middletown helps" is here to assist with town non-emergency work requests 


turn to "middletown helps" for assistance with all non-emergency work requests to #middlet...						read on...







middletown minute - get your civic appropriation requests in today 


saturday, feb. 15 is the deadline to file all civic appropriations requests with #middletownri. get ...						read on...







tax savings mailer on the way 


the #middletownri tax office is sending paperwork again to make sure all everyone eligible for a &qu...						read on...







take the pledge 


most people acknowledge #middletownri is a beautiful, special place. but without you, it's tough to ...						read on...







updated outreach department drop-in hours 


in an attempt to better serve the public, the drop-in hours for #middletownri outreach have been adj...						read on...







middletown high quarter 2 honor roll announced 


#middletownri schools applaud the mhs second quarter honor roll students. we also thank our teachers...						read on...







help fashion dunlap-wheeler park 


dunlap-wheeler park is one of the true gems of #middletownri. have a say in plans for the park by fi...						read on...







enhanced stop signs planned in middletown 


#middletownri continues to improve safety of local streets with new enhanced stop signs in multiple ...						read on...







be heard about your town's future 


the town of #middletownri is reviewing the comprehensive plan, a long-range document guiding our com...						read on...







middletown fire thanks you 


as a courtesy, #middletownri fire asks those with hydrants near their property to clear away any sno...						read on...







use "middletown helps" to make storm-related work requests 


with winter weather in the forecast, use middletown helps to submit all town non-emergency work requ...						read on...







"student of the week" - arya tavares 


arya tavares is "student of the week" for #middletownri. the gaudet learning academy fourt...						read on...







thanks to the newport jazz assembly band 


thanks to the newport jazz assembly band, leland baker and dan swain of the newport festivals founda...						read on...







sign up for "notify me" today 


looking for the straight scoop right from the source? sign up today for notifyme and get town news a...						read on...







town striving to boost housing 


#middletownri continues its multi-prong effort to bring new housing to the community. the second pub...						read on...







civic support deadline approaching 


feb. 15 is the deadline to file a request for civic support with the town of #middletownri. for more...						read on...







school project looking good 


the new middle-high school in #middletownri continues to make solid progress, with groundbreaking co...						read on...







naval station newport: federal return to office order expected to increase traffic monday 


naval station newport issued a notice today that traffic is expected to increase across aquidneck is...						read on...







a shoutout to school resource officer kevin ferris 


a shoutout to #middletownri school resource officer kevin ferris, who spoke recently to an "isl...						read on...







tips to recycle right 


recycling right helps the environment and can save you and all of #middletownri money. visit right o...						read on...







middletown minute - assistance is just a click away 


need help from #middletownri? visit https://mdl.town/helps to submit your work request with everythi...						read on...







middletown meeting matters - town council, feb. 3, 2025 


the #middletownri town council got a refresher course in ethics from a state attorney, conditionally...						read on...







check out middletownri.gov today 


haven't checked out the website for #middletownri recently? go to middletown to use our overhauled s...						read on...







newport jazz assembly band show thursday 


the newport jazz assembly band will be at the #middletownri public library thursday to celebrate &qu...						read on...







student of the week - cooper silvia 


cooper silvia is "student of the week" for #middletownri. the sixth grader at gaudet middl...						read on...







"the situation table" already helping 


"the situation table" is making a difference. the #middletownri-newport group came togethe...						read on...







gaudet's daniel johnson wins major rhode island vfw award 


gaudet eighth grader daniel johnson was named the district 2 first-place winner for the rhode island...						read on...







town council meets again monday 


the #middletownri town council meets monday night at 6:30 in town hall. visit tc to learn what's in ...						read on...







middletown cares 


staff and volunteers work hard to make #middletownri an even better place to live, work and play. ch...						read on...







budget proposal? submit it today with "middletown helps" 


#middletownri is heading into the heart of budget season. submit your suggestions and ideas about wh...						read on...







middletown minute - get your tax benefit program applications in now 


the deadline to submit your #middletownri tax benefit program paperwork in is march 15, but it never...						read on...







middletown meeting matters - town council, jan. 27, 2025 


the #middletownri town council covered a lot of ground monday night, including offering condolences ...						read on...







town, school leaders working together on solutions for $660k educational shortfall 


#middletownri town and school officials pledge monday night to work together to solve a projected ed...						read on...







spot a pothole? report a pothole 


#middletownri crews are out on pothole patrol. report problem potholes at patch online.						read on...







middletown schools are hiring substitute teachers 


the #middletownri schools are looking for substitute teachers. go to schools and apply now. make a r...						read on...







have a say on middletown's future 


#middletownri is updating our comprehensive plan, a long-range document guiding our community. fill ...						read on...







newport jazz assembly band celebration on feb. 6 


the #middletownri outreach department welcomes the newport jazz assembly band on feb. 6 to celebrate...						read on...







"student of the week" - ayden gilchrest 


ayden gilchrest is "student of the week" for #middletownri. the second grader is known acr...						read on...







rescheduled town council meeting monday 


see what's in store monday night for the #middletownri town council at tc online. council meetings c...						read on...







make sure catch basins are clean 


leaves and debris on a catch basin can cause flooding and other problems. make sure to keep your cat...						read on...







middletown minute -- middletownri.gov refresh 


around the end of the month, middletownri.gov is getting a refresh. use the town's website for all t...						read on...







amo delivers advice on dealing with fraud & scams 


us representative gabe amo visited the #middletownri senior center late last week to hold a "se...						read on...







middletown tax benefit program open now 


make sure to get your paperwork by march 15 to take advantage of the #middletownri tax benefit progr...						read on...







stay off the ice 


#middletownri emergency services remind everyone to stay off the ice at easton & green end ponds...						read on...







get your paperwork in today for potential tax savings 


the town of #middletownri offers a robust tax benefit program for residents, seniors and others. vis...						read on...







create an account 


with the myaccount feature, you can customize your viewing experience, sign up for notifications, an...						read on...






keep in touch 


stay in touch with us by following us on twitter, becoming our friend on facebook, or subscribing to...			





stay connected! 


subscribe to notify me to receive updates and information about community news and happenings.						read on...






website personalization now available! 


with the launch of the new myaccount feature, visitors to our website can now customize their viewin...						read on...







view all news




/civicalerts.aspx


  
 
 



 














meetings & events


keep informed with the latest events and highlights
 






  
 
 









click the images below for middletown videos












improving the look of middletown, one building at a time
design standards approved in 2006 are paying dividends 









getting ready for anything
intense firefighting training aims to save lives in difficult situations









patching potholes
middletown public works shows off new pothole patching equipment









upgrading howland & linden parks
new playgrounds will make two beloved parks more of a draw for the community









getting the job done
middletown public works takes care of middletown









second beach in offseason
the crown jewel of middletown is no less majestic in winter









swearing-in ceremonies
2024-2026 town council, school committee welcomed to office









						1
						design standards approved in 2006 are paying dividends 




						2
						intense firefighting training aims to save lives in difficult situations




						3
						middletown public works shows off new pothole patching equipment




						4
						new playgrounds will make two beloved parks more of a draw for the community




						5
						middletown public works takes care of middletown




						6
						the crown jewel of middletown is no less majestic in winter




						7
						2024-2026 town council, school committee welcomed to office








  
 





 meetings
 events




 meetings












middletown planning board - 02/24/2025 06:00 pm

			town council chambers, 350 east main rd., middletown, ri, 02842  filed on: feb 13 2025, 09:59am
		


middletown library building committee - 02/19/2025 06:00 pm

			123 valley road, middletown police department community room, middletown, ri, 02842  filed on: feb 13 2025, 12:06pm
		


middletown library building committee - 02/19/2025 06:00 pm

			123 valley road, middletown police department community room, middletown, ri, 02842  filed on: feb 13 2025, 12:08pm
		


middletown affordable housing committee - 02/19/2025 06:00 pm

			350 east main rd, middletown, ri, 02842  filed on: feb 12 2025, 12:34pm
		


middletown open space and fields committee - 02/19/2025 05:30 pm

			middletown fire department, 239 wyatt road, middletown, ri, 02842  filed on: feb 17 2025, 06:03pm
		


middletown town council - 02/18/2025 05:30 pm

			350 east main rd. - https://us02web.zoom.us/j/86498667599, 1- 888-475-4499 or 1- 877- 853- 5257 (toll free)  webinar id: 86498667599, middletown, ri, 02842  filed on: feb 12 2025, 08:23am
		


middletown library board of trustees - 02/18/2025 03:00 pm

			700 west main road, middletown, ri, 02842  filed on: feb 12 2025, 12:42pm
		
 




/calendar.aspx




 events












feb
11	


date night scavenger hunt at the mpl

date night scavenger hunt at the mplread more






feb
18	


board of library trustees monthly meeting

board of library trustees monthly meetingread more



whitehall farm condominium association meeting

whitehall farm condominium association meetingread more



town council

town councilread more






feb
19	


newport/middletown situation table

newport/middletown situation tableread more



senior center board of directors

senior center board of directorsread more



open space & fields committee monthly meeting

open space & fields committee monthly meetingread more




view all events
submit an event 



/calendar.aspx







 
 


  
 
 




 















 






  
 









    





 
 



  
 







contact info







town of middletown


350 east main road


middletown, ri 02842


phone: 401-842-6500


contact us
 






  
 



  
 







quick links







community calendar policies



community calendar step-by-step guidelines



notify me



beaches



jobs & careers



media relations









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 



  
 







helpful links







social media



library



town facts



disclaimer



fire safety tips









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 
 



 














home







site map







accessibility







contact us







copyright notices









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 
 



 











government websites by civicplus®




 
 
 



















loading









				loading
			


do not show again
close
































arrow left



arrow right





[]



slideshow left arrow





slideshow right arrow









