



	gosuite: powerful online non-profit software solution - celerate: crm software & web development for nonprofits











            skip to main content
        
































log in
create an account
 301-694-0273
myteam support
contact us










 301-694-0273
myteam support
contact us


products



products overviewfor member-based organizations navigating the complexities of engagement and management, gosuite emerges as your all-encompassing ally.gosuite membership & engagement softwaregosuite helps boost your membership by offering a unified platform that simplifies member management, engagement, and communication.gosuite learning management system (lms)transform your training programs with our highly scalable gosuite lms. for both small nonprofits or large corporations, our software adapts to all needs.

services



services overviewwe combine innovation and industry expertise to create digital strategies, web designs, and software solutions tailored to your organization's needs.website design & development servicesbring your brand to life with a visually captivating web design that strategically drives user engagement and conversions.analytics, research & strategyelevate your brand, build trust, and drive conversions with our data first approach for a truly effective online presence.custom software & application developmenttransform your business with our custom tailored software solutions that drive efficiency and innovation.

portfolio



full portfoliogosuite learningresearch & strategygosuite membershipwebsite designcreative services & marketing

insightsabout



aboutwe're driven by a mission to revolutionize how purpose-driven organizations interact with technology. we empower nonprofits to achieve their full potential.the tec approachour tec acceleration process, which represents trust, empowerment & communication, guides our approach through the stages of discover, design, develop and deliver.careerswe believe that our strength lies in our people. we’re on the lookout for ambitious individuals who are not just looking for a job, but a journey of personal and professional growth.
























one integrated platform. endless possibilities for your mission.


are you tired of juggling multiple tech platforms that don't talk to each other? ready to focus on your mission instead of wrestling with technology?
at celerate, we understand the unique challenges nonprofits face. that's why we've created gosuite - your all-in-one technology ecosystem designed specifically for purpose-driven organizations.
explore gosuite solutions   



















introducing gosuite
one platform, endless possibilities

unify your crm, fundraising, marketing, and more
streamline operations and boost productivity
gain actionable insights with integrated analytics
scale your impact with confidence
 ai-enhanced knowledge module

are you ready for endless possibilities?
























































































ai-enhanced knowledge module
we're excited to introduce our latest addition to gosuite - an ai-powered knowledge retrieval system. inspired by our work with leading medical associations, this module revolutionizes how you access and utilize your organization's wealth of information:

instant answers: get immediate, accurate responses to complex queries
comprehensive integration: access all your documents, articles, and resources in one place
enhanced decision-making: make informed choices with evidence-based insights at your fingertips
continuous learning: make informed choices with evidence-based insights at your fingertips

imagine having an expert assistant available 24/7, ready to provide precise information from your entire knowledge base in seconds!























































































































































































































































our services







research & strategy
connect with the audience that drives your team towards achieving your organizational goals.

our research & strategy approach   






marketing & creative services
enhance your brand with celerate's marketing & creative services, delivering impactful campaigns and engaging designs.

our creative services bring your brand to life   






custom software development
transform your nonprofit with our custom tailored software solutions that drive efficiency and innovation.

explore our custom software solutions   






website design & development
bring your brand to life with a visually captivating web design that strategically drives user engagement and conversions.

how we elevate website experiences   
































































































why choose celerate?

tailored solutions: we don't just offer products; we build partnerships.
purpose-driven approach: we're committed to amplifying your impact.
expert team: our people are our greatest asset - and yours.















who we work with
























  previous    next 













 ready to simplify your technology and power your purpose?
schedule a demoexplore gosuite

let's create a brighter world together.

























































































our team gets recognized
























  previous    next 

























































































									sign up for insights today! 
								




update payment information
×




close








confirm your addresses
×









what you entered


,  










recommended


,  





this address was not found.
you may want to make changes to the address you entered.
return to form






proceed


























  !



























required








required




















required








required






















































products
products overview
gosuite membership & engagement software
gosuite learning management system






services
services overview
website design & development services
analytics, research & strategy
custom software & application development













portfolio
gosuite membership
gosuite learning
website design
research & strategy
creative services & marketing






insights
about
careers
contact us

















with 25+ years of experience, celerate specializes in creating sophisticated, secure, and scalable websites and software solutions for nonprofits and associations.








  
228 north market street frederick, md 21701

  
301-694-0273

  
info@gocelerate.com



















copyright 2024, all rights reserved.




privacy policy



































