















| wa.gov


























      skip to main content
    





an official website of the washington state government

            here’s how you know
          








the .gov means it’s official.

                a .gov website belongs to an official government organization in the united states.
              






the site is secure.

                the https:// ensures that you are connecting to the official website and that any information you provide is encrypted and
                transmitted securely.
              













information forbusinessesfamiliespeople with disabilitiesseniorsvisitors






contactgovernment agenciesgovernment employees






how-to guides









                
                                   english






                
                                   english






                
                                 español - español






                
                                 ukrainian - українська






                
                                 russian - русский






                
                                       arabic - العربية






                
                                 hindi - हिन्दी






                
                                 vietnamese - tiếng việt






                
                                 japanese - 日本語






                
                                 korean - 한국어
























wa.gov






education


work


health & safety


recreation


travel


your government








menu

















sequim bay state park - photo credit chris barron 









welcome to washington state
wa.gov is the official website of washington state, with easy access to online state services, government agencies, and helpful guides to get things done.
try searching "register to vote" or "how to get state id"















information for:












businesses













families














people with disabilities













seniors












visitors

















 how-to guides







 

file a complaint
find out where to file a complaint based on your specific issue.






 

workers’ rights
learn your rights and benefits as a worker in washington state.







 

get help finding food
find out how you can get fresh, healthy, and free food throughout the state.









see all how-to guides










contact

do you need to get in touch with a government agency or employee? trying to reach an elected official? use our contact directories to get the information you need.

find an agency

find a government employee











what's happening in washington




celebrate potato day at the capitol campus on february 19
the washington state potato commission invites you to a fun, engaging, and unique event celebrating our potato farmers. come enjoy a baked potato with all the fixings and learn more about washington’s potato industry.



prep your pipes for freezing weather
taking a few simple steps could save you time, stress, and repair costs. the office of the insurance commissioner offers tips on how to prevent burst pipes.



cold weather causes steep drop in blood donations
blood bank supplies have reached critical low levels leading to a shortage for hospital services and emergency medical response. help save lives by donating blood today.



washington and 21 other states temporarily block policy to freeze federal funding
the policy proposed by the u.s. office of management and budget would pause federal assistance indefinitely for health care, education, disaster relief, and more.



visit our state capitol during the 2025 legislative session
this year’s session runs from jan. 13 to april 27 and is one of the most exciting times to be on the capitol campus. find out what you need to know before you visit.



prepare your home for flood
relentless fall and winter rains mean that flood risk is on the rise. make sure your home is ready if there is imminent flooding in your area.















looking for secureaccess washington (saw)?
secureaccess washington is a tool to get access to all online state government services in one place. use a single login to access services including licensing, employment security, and paid leave.

log in to saw
learn how to use saw













connect with us


government agencies
government employees
ask a state librarian
agency news
contact the wa.gov team





find an agency




filters




















image
 
















© copyright 2025 state of washington
 |  privacy  |  use our logo













education


work


health & safety


recreation


travel


your government


contact


government agencies


government employees




information for


businesses


families


people with disabilities


accessibility - wa state law and policy


accessibility policy


age 55+ and senior blind individuals


blindness-related tools and services


creating disability-friendly spaces


electronic and data accessibility


general blindness considerations


getting what you need


human relations


rights and self-advocacy


schools and universities




seniors


visitors




how-to guides









