



gadgetbuilder's minilathe and little workshop









 

my shop
what's new 
site search +site map
  ------------  
alignment  of mini lathe 
ball cutter 
ball cutter - tangential 
bandsaw mods 
burnisher 
bump center 
books 
camlock tailstock 
carriage auto-stop 
carriage lock 
carriage stop & dial holder 
center finder 
center finder (laser) 
chuck, 3 jaw 
clock 
clock, gearless 
coddington magnifier 
compound ball bearing 
computer 
counterbore 
cross slide ball bearing 
cut knurler 
brooks-stent cutter grinder 
demagnetizer 
depth feeler 
dial lock 
die holder & height gauge 
dog clutch for threading 
dros 
dovetail cutter 
drill sharpening 
drill press depth stop
edge finder adjunct 
er-32 collet chuck 
finger plate 
float lock vise 
gear depthing tool 
graver rest 
grind-r-lap 
handwheel 
knife sharpener 
lantern chuck 
laps & lapping 
lathe bit sharpening 
lever drill for tailstock 
linerator 
microscope site 
mini lathe alignment 
mini-tinker cutter grinder 
mill tramming 
mill dro 
minor mods 
optical punch 
pot chuck 
retracting threading toolholder 
rockwell lathe 
round qctp 
screw slotter 
split nut 
sensitive drill 
steady rest 
taper attachment 
tap chuck 
tap guide 
tippee top 
qctp tool holders 
tangential toolholder 
threading on the minilathe 
tap guide 
useful gadgets 
vertical shear bit 



   * gadgetbuilder.com *    © 2024 john moran 
          last modified:   
gadgetbuilder's 7x12 minilathe
and little workshop

      click browser's refresh to see a new picture or click picture for more details
 
 

connecticut area home shop machinists are
        invited to meet with our cthsm group  on 9 march 2025. 
        


my 7x12 minilathe, was purchased from homier and delivered in january 2003.
        the picture above (javascript required) shows one of the projects done since then - the picture links to the page if there
        is one, otherwise look on this page. when i started this site the 7x12 was my only machine but i now have a couple more so i revised
        the site name to accommodate this expansion. this page is a chronological list of some of my projects so new
        material is mainly at the end although i revise existing pages occasionally without warning.
        the left menu is a mostly alphabetical list of pages on this site. alternatively, there is a site map,
        meant for easy navigation.
        as most visitors probably know, the mother
      lode of mini-lathe info is found at frank hoose's site. 
my very first machining project was a tailstock
        camlock to make it more convenient to move the tailstock. this was a good
        choice for a first project since it was very easy to build and has been a
      valuable modification of the minilathe for over 20 years. 
i added a phase ii axa 100 qctp. this toolpost looks huge on the minilathe
        and it makes a huge difference to the way the lathe operates: easy tool height
        adjustment, less tool chatter, a nice boring bar holder, and a simple mount for
        the cutoff tool. in addition, it's easy to add a vise
        to do simple milling: bolt a 3 inch length of 1/2 inch bar to a small vise,
        then mount the bar in the tool holder - not very rigid, convinced me to get a
        mill... the height is crudely adjustable using the tool height adjustment of
        the toolpost. an advantage to this setup is that it takes only seconds to shift
        from lathe to milling operations. the downside to the new toolpost (and there's
        always a downside) is that it restricts the size of items which can be turned
        due to its sheer size; i added the modified compound rest
        #1777
        from lms to help accommodate this and eventually modified the
      cross slide to allow more range.
this ball turning attachment to fit the
        minilathe is useful in making ball handles, of course, but is also handy for
      rounding bolt heads and making lucite magnifiers. 
my carriage lock is based on mike walsh's
        design. this would make a useful second project although there is more filing,
      sanding, and polishing than turning.
a taper attachment for the mini lathe; it works
      better since adding struts to stiffen the mounting. 
here is a 3c collet chuck to fit the 3mt taper
        in the minilathe headstock - the raw material for the chuck was a barbell bar.
        here's how it goes together. the gear is the
        chuck extractor, the "?" gadget is a wrench to apply more torque to the gear.
        the chuck is shown here in the lathe. the
        collets are another part of this project; this is a
        picture of the raw material, a purchased collet, and a
        partially completed pair. to slot the collets i bought a slitting saw, then
        made an arbor to fit the collet chuck - here is a
        picture of the parts. a holder
        is used to secure the collet for slitting; this is a
        messy operation where the way protectors earn their keep. slitting is slow work
        with this setup but it does the job, witness the collet shown. unfortunately,
        this collet was not drilled accurately so it is useless due to excessive
      runout.
ball bearings were added to the mini-lathe controls, beginning with the
        cross slide followed by the
        compound (much easier to do than the cross slide).
        these ball bearings transform the "feel" of the lathe and are well worth
        adding. the cross feed and compound dials were converted to
        free spinning with friction lock easy to do, works
      well, replaces the friction spring under the dial.
my original reason for getting a lathe was to make items related to my
        microscope hobby but i got into fiddling with lathe related stuff. i finally
        got back to optics related things by making some
        coddington magnifiers from lucite rod. a second
        lucite project was an optical center punch
      patterned after one found on harlan's site(disappeared 3/13).
a combination carriage stop / dial holder
      was adapted from engineman's design; i copy only the best!
a clamp knurler was built from martin cleeve's
        design. his article suggests using the cross feed to knurl but this puts
        considerable strain on the cross feed lead screw and nut; using the carriage
      feed instead works well and puts less strain on the machine.
a discarded nordic trac provided a 9" hand
      wheel which is helpful for tapping and for single point threading.
nothing is wasted here at poverty acres -- a roller
        from that nordic trac was adapted to prevent the discharge chute on my
      mower from digging in on steep angle changes. 
i made several mt2 tapers to hold commonly
      used drill bits: the cheapskate's alternative to a tailstock turret. 
when is a tool height gauge not a tool height gauge? when it's a
        die holder -- you get two for the price of one with
      this approach. 
a center finder is one way to simplify use
      of the mini-lathe's 4 jaw chuck.
i copied varmint al's idea for a tailstock flag and
        meter. used a piece of 1/2" lucite for the flag, the magnet is the rotor
        from a vcr takeup motor with an aluminum bracket to mount the meter; simple,
        cheap, effective. the dro has further
      simplified drilling to depth.
made a plinth to replace the compound for most
        things other than threading and tapers. this did not reduce chatter as i hoped
        so i don't use it much. eventually i figured out that retracting the compound
        so the tool point is over the cross slide (not cantilevered out to the
        headstock side) helps reduce chatter and the plinth i made doesn't allow
      this.
a homier mill has been added to my shop.
        this doesn't fit nicely within the title of my site so i don't know exactly how
        i'll work that out but after wrestling this 700 pound guy down the stairs and
        onto the table, the mill stays! one necessary adjustment with a mill is
        tramming. some shop made
        mill tooling; the cutter holders are from a car
      axle annealed in the fireplace (the wheel spline is included on one). 
a mini-tinker cutter grinder didn't work as i
        hoped for sharpening end mills so eventually i purchased a cutter grinder (see
      below) which didn't work out either... 
tool holders to fit my phase ii toolpost were
      on my to-do list for a while; the new mill made many things possible.
most tangential (diamond) toolholders
        don't fit a qctp; i adapted the freeby design to fit my qctp. i get a better
        finish on steel with this toolholder than with regular toolholders and bits so
      i now use this for most turning and facing. 
i made will hamlyn's split nut mod to
        reduce backlash in the cross slide. this didn't work as well as i hoped so i
        split the old nut lengthwise instead but it cracked when squeezed so i use it
      with 5 thou backlash. 
one of my interests is clocks; i made a gear
        depthing tool which is useful in building a clock -- something which i am
        attempting at present. i added a page about my
      clock project and its current state.
i got into sharpening drills of various sizes
        and found one fixture won't cover the gamut -- so i wound up with three. plus a
        lever drill attachment to use all
      those sharp drills.
a finger plate simplifies cross drilling of
        modest size rounds, something that used to take some time to accomplish
      accurately. 
the purchased universal cutter grinder
        didn't solve my dull end mill problem that the mini-tinker failed to solve, so
        it was returned. eventually i built a
        brooks-stent cutter grinder; this is more
      capable than either of my earlier approaches to end mill sharpening.
i revised the depth stop on my
        hf drill press (idle hands do the devil's work). this is much more useful than
      anticipated, well worth doing. 
added dros to the lathe using 6" scales. these are
      more versatile and therefor more useful than i originally expected. 
in making the leadscrew for the brooks-stent i needed a sharp threading bit
        so i built the sharpening jig from
        "screwcutting in the lathe" by martin cleeve. this jig makes the job fast and
        easy. a little experimenting with this jig showed that it can be used to
        sharpen many lathe (and shaper) bits other than threading bits and the results
      are clearly better than my hand sharpening attempts.
the broadley spindle directions call for a steady
        rest so i built one to fit either the 7x12 or the rockwell 10" by swapping
        the base. then i built the "linerator" to add
        graduations to the brooks' dials; lots of gadgetry is needed to complete the
      brooks grinder.
i built a geo. thomas "retracting
        toolholder for screwcutting" to make threading easier and faster. i do a
        fair amount of threading so i've developed a routine for it which this tool
      simplifies.
added a mechanical carriage
        auto-stop to speed up threading. combined with the retracting toolholder
      this speeds up threading considerably.
built a graver rest for the minilathe; a
      collet chuck or similar is needed to use it safely.
added a dog clutch type carriage auto-stop to
        further improve threading; this provides automatic thread pickup on both
        imperial and metric threads plus it eliminates need for the thread chasing
      dial.  i posted a video of the dog clutch in use on youtube.
an er-32 collet chuck with pass through was
      needed to simplify another project.
built a sensitive drill
        holder; it takes more force than anticipated to drill with tiny drills using
      this.
a gearless
        clock has taken shape in my shop and looks like it will keep on ticking. as
        a non-woodworker, the case is an on-going struggle although the temporary case
      suffices for now.
my 4/6 facet drill sharpener with
      optional point splitter works well for drills from 1/2" to 1/16". 
made a tapping guide from a surplus indicator
      stand.
finished an er-32 collet
        chuck for the rockwell. er-32 collets can now be used on the 7x12, rockwell
      10" and the mill-drill.
small tools get magnetized accidentally (magically) in my shop so i made a
        demagnetizer from scrap plus small neodynium
      magnets. small, cheap and it works well.
built a cut knurler as an experiment. seems to work well, easier on the machine than the pressure knurler but seems a little fussier to set up.
added info on making counterbores from drill rod.
copied dan gelbart's laser center finder concept for use with the mill or drill press.
helped a friend make a ball cutter that uses a tangential tool holder, i.e. a tangential ball cutter.
built a tap chuck mainly to see how the mechanism worked in practice (seems to work well).
made a lantern chuck and a screw slotter, both of which are likely of interest mostly to clockmakers.
made a knife sharpener to make our kitchen knives work better.  uses modest cost diamond hones to get knives very sharp.
made a float lock vise based on videos by mrpete222 on youtube, drawing by ken stokley. 
made a depth gauge for small holes. this turned out to be far easier than expected, should have made one years ago.
made a roller burnisher for the minilathe.  this to improve finish on turned work. 

        this page was last modified
        
        by john moran, tyro machinist and html tweaker.   if you have a comment on my site or its
        contents, click here scroll down and
        click again.  











 

 search www
               search gadgetbuilder.com 












visitors since february 2007 





