

wholesale scented candles















manufacturing candles that keep your customers coming back!

hand poured - highly scented wholesale candles.


wholesale candles
 


 home 
 company profile
 wholesale candles
 wholesale scents
 wholesale pricing
  candle order form
 discount packages
 join our  guestbook for wholesale candle specials, discounts, closeouts, and more!





 
 
essentials - wholesale candles dallas, tx phone: (817)874-0993   email: wcandles@wcandles.com 







 





 
 
 
looking for a candle wholesaler? buy wholesale candles that are among the most unique candles and are priced excellently.
 
 
 




 








 








 




 
 
 




 




 




 




 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 



***new candles coming soon - august 2016!***








 




using the finest quality waxes and long lasting fragrances, essentials candles are guaranteed to create wonderful aromas throughout any home.



 


each candle is hand-poured, ensuring long, even burning, and lasting fragrance saturation.  essentials ships only the finest quality glassware using products from such manufacturers as libbey and anchor hocking.


 


our manufacturing facility is located in the heart of horse country in north texas, and is staffed by expert candle creators with many years experience in the art of candle making.


 


 



  whether it's the fragrance of a spring day, a hint of romance, or the nostalgic smell of grandma's kitchen, our candles are sure to please the most discriminating customer.



 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 







privacy policy
all personal information is kept on file within our billing group once a transaction is placed.  we do not keep credit card information on file unless desired by you, the customer.  security is very important to us; thus, all transactions are handled over a secure sockets layer.  furthermore, essentials does not give out customer or personal information to other companies or individuals.  your privacy is important to us.
 
return policy
due to the fact we are a manufacturing company and deal in volume we do not offer a return policy on our wholesale candles.  we recommend purchasing some of our sample packages prior to placing any large orders if you have not tried our products in your store.
 




 
                                          
                                    

  
            trying to beat our wholesale candle prices?  try these:
 http://www.qualitybooks.com/
yahoo     snap    altavista    msn
 







discount candles
jar candle wholesale


 wholesale 3-wick candles
 wholesale candle company


 wholesale scented candles
wholesale candle


 
 
















 
  






