






anatomically correct arts












 











		 


		anatomically correct arts 

 now 
		celebrating 
		34 years !












		anatomically correct arts is committed to exhibiting art by artists of 
		color and to expanding initiatives to attract a diverse audience.





about us/awards

		 
 





		testimonials
 
 




 


		art walks
 





 


		brush with nature 
 

		 




featured artists online gallery 




join 
		our gallery
		of artists
 


archive of exhibitions/events 1991 - 
		present



current/upcoming exhibitions/events




donations needed!
 



contact 
		us!
 
 info@anatomicallycorrect.org



in
memoriam - click here to donate in memory of howard a. jacobs

 



have 
		a musical instrument lying around that you never play? don't throw it 
		out! our art beat program accepts donations of musical instruments for 
		students in need. donations are tax-deductible!    


							anatomically correct is partially supported 
		by the following:


		skokie park district, skokie fine arts commission,


		and a grant from the illinois arts council through federal funds 
		provided by the national endowment for the arts.





		contributions and support from art-friendly individuals like you are 
		greatly appreciated!



			anatomically correct arts received the 2021 - 2022 award for artistic excellence 
			from the village of skokie, skokie fine arts 
			commission.

			a plaque is on permanent display inside the northshore center for performing arts in skokie, il 

			for more info, 
			go to:



https://www.skokie.org/399/award-for-artistic-excellence-recipients













current exhibition:



soul sisters


art celebrating women in the 
			music industry




sponsor 
			opportunities available

			on exhibition from 

			feb. 15, 2025 - march 31, 2025. 

			at devonshire cultural arts center

			4400 greenwood st, skokie, il
artists reception: 
sunday march 9, 2025 (2 - 4 
			pm)  
featuring live music by val 
			leventhal




skokie rocks!

awarded 2024 skokie fine arts 
			commission program award!



skokie rocks is our a community-wide, 
			diversity-based, arts outreach program where families and persons of 
			all ages and abilities are invited to paint, hide, and seek river 
			rocks in skokie parks. 
in direct complement to skokie's slogan "skokie 
			welcomes everyone" and with the help of social media and language 
			translation apps, our program is intended to build bridges between 
			different communities helping those who speak different languages to 
			connect and communicate through art.  
“rock hunters” are invited to seek out the 
			painted rocks, post images and share their found rocks on social 
			media, with the hashtag #skokierocks.  









click here 
		for details and to view skokie rocks images  




		email us:  
		info@anatomicallycorrect.org











© 
		1991 - 2025  anatomically correct.   no text or 
		photograph contained in the pages of this website may be reproduced 
		without the expressed written permission of the artist and/or 
		anatomically correct.  
anatomically correct is a 501(c)(3) 
		non-profit corporation.  donations are tax-deductible according to 
			law.    


this page was last updated on
		02/13/25 



