     darcars toyota dealership in silver spring, maryland                               









                                             darcars toyota of silver spring        sales 301-622-0300    service 301-622-0300  parts 301-622-0300  collision center 301-622-0300   12210 cherry hill rdsilver spring, md 20904                                          service        map        contact                                darcars toyota of silver spring               call 301-622-0300   directions                      new   view all new vehicles   view all new hybrids   estimate your trade   electrified   beyond zero     pre-owned   view all pre-owned vehicles   certified pre-owned vehicles   estimate your trade   vehicles under $20k   toyota certified program overview     service    schedule service   service center   service tips & tricks   collision center   express maintenance   toyotacare   rent a toyota     parts   parts center   order parts   parts tips & tricks   order toyota accessories   order tires     finance   finance department   apply for financing    car buying tips & tricks   lease return program     specials   new vehicle specials    used vehicle specials   offers & incentives   service & parts specials   college grad rebates   military rebate   lease & finance specials     about us   about us   our dealership   hours & directions   contact us   careers   tradevantage   darcars assurance   leave us a review     research   rent a toyota                   home   new   view all new vehicles   view all new hybrids   estimate your trade   electrified   beyond zero     pre-owned   view all pre-owned vehicles   certified pre-owned vehicles   estimate your trade   vehicles under $20k   toyota certified program overview     service    schedule service   service center   service tips & tricks   collision center   express maintenance   toyotacare   rent a toyota     parts   parts center   order parts   parts tips & tricks   order toyota accessories   order tires     finance   finance department   apply for financing    car buying tips & tricks   lease return program     specials   new vehicle specials    used vehicle specials   offers & incentives   service & parts specials   college grad rebates   military rebate   lease & finance specials     about us   about us   our dealership   hours & directions   contact us   careers   tradevantage   darcars assurance   leave us a review     research   rent a toyota             


    start your search    filter your search   basic search advanced search   basic advanced      all new used certified    any year  any make  any model search       new usedcertified    any year  any make  any model  any body style  any price search       








schedule a service appointment


schedule service






                                                                                                                                                                  search new inventory     search used inventory            explore all vehicles    cars & minivan   trucks   crossovers & suvs   electrified               2024 | 7 available  toyota crown innovation dialed up. shop now             2025 | 2 available  prius plug-in hybrid take thrilling drives farther with a plug-in advantage. shop now             2025 | 25 available  prius the perfect blend of driving excitement and fuel efficiency. shop now             2025 | 5 available  gr corolla track-tested. rally-built. born to push your limits. shop now             2025 | 74 available  corolla refine your routine. shop now              2025 | 35 available  corolla hybrid take your trips to new lengths. shop now             2024 | 11 available  corolla hatchback compact size. full of fun. shop now             2025 | 136 available  camry enjoy your daily dose of fun in style. shop now              2023 | 0 available  mirai hydrogen-powered for zero emissions. shop now             2025 | 10 available  gr86 a burst of excitement around every bend. shop now             2025 | 2 available  gr supra make your mark with a motorsport masterpiece. shop now             2025 | 47 available  sienna modern efficiency. maximum room. shop now                 2025 | 128 available  tacoma built to take on trails and terrain. and everything else. shop now             2024 | 27 available  tundra built to work. born to play. shop now             2024 | 11 available  tundra i-force max tough from the ground up. shop now                 2025 | 24 available  land cruiser same legend. new chapter. shop now             2025 | 7 available  highlander go above and beyond the ordinary. shop now             2025 | 30 available  bz4x refreshingly intuitive. remarkably designed. shop now             2025 | 10 available  highlander hybrid designed to go the extra miles. shop now             2025 | 29 available  grand highlander make family time more epic than ever. shop now             2025 | 26 available  grand highlander hybrid efficiency that opens up grand possibilities. shop now             2025 | 122 available  rav4 adventure is what you make of it. shop now             2025 | 64 available  rav4 hybrid get ready to expand your territory. shop now             2025 | 6 available  rav4 plug-in hybrid power up your drive. shop now             2025 | 51 available  corolla cross for the life that requires a little bit of everything. shop now             2025 | 12 available  corolla cross hybrid a move in the bold direction. shop now             2025 | 11 available  4runner the legend continues. shop now             2024 | 0 available  venza designed for the daring. shop now             2025 | 9 available  crown signia a new class of comfort. shop now             2025 | 8 available  sequoia elevate your presence. shop now                 2024 | 30 available  bz4x refreshingly intuitive. remarkably designed. shop now             2025 | 10 available  highlander hybrid designed to go the extra miles. shop now             2025 | 26 available  grand highlander hybrid efficiency that opens up grand possibilities. shop now             2024 | 7 available  toyota crown innovation dialed up. shop now             2025 | 8 available  sequoia elevate your presence. shop now             2025 | 2 available  prius plug-in hybrid take thrilling drives farther with a plug-in advantage. shop now             2025 | 25 available  prius the perfect blend of driving excitement and fuel efficiency. shop now              2025 | 35 available  corolla hybrid take your trips to new lengths. shop now             2025 | 12 available  corolla cross hybrid a move in the bold direction. shop now              2025 | 64 available  rav4 hybrid get ready to expand your territory. shop now             2025 | 6 available  rav4 plug-in hybrid power up your drive. shop now             2025 | 9 available  crown signia a new class of comfort. shop now             2024 | 0 available  venza designed for the daring. shop now             2024 | 11 available  tundra i-force max tough from the ground up. shop now             2023 | 0 available  mirai hydrogen-powered for zero emissions. shop now             2025 | 47 available  sienna modern efficiency. maximum room. shop now         explore all vehicles    
     shopping tools





special offers







get financing







schedule service







hours & directions




           



our toyota dealer supports the toyota beyond zero mission to minimize emissions and help create a cleaner world for future generations. by 2050, the toyota brand plans to become carbon neutral across its entire operations, manufacturing, logistics, use, and recycling of its vehicles. you can join this eco-friendly cause by shopping low- and zero-emission toyota cars, trucks, and suvs at our toyota dealer in silver spring, md.
learn more




       










2025 camry in silver spring, md
uncover new possibilities with a gorgeous toyota camry at darcars toyota of silver spring. this sedan's sleek design and remarkable performance ensure you get more out of each day.
view
inventory












college graduates
save with the college rebate program.
learn more













military personnel
we offer a military rebate to eligible u.s. military personnel.
learn more






     



welcome to your darcars toyota dealer in silver spring, md

12210 cherry hill rd, silver spring, md 20904

open today: 11:00am - 7:00pm



                                







          

darcars toyota of silver spring: your trusted toyota dealer in silver spring, md
nearly every toyota dealership can call itself a toyota highlander dealer or a toyota plug-in hybrid dealer thanks to a broad selection of new and used cars, trucks, and suvs, but darcars toyota of silver spring goes above and beyond. with easy financing and leasing, top-shelf certified pre-owned options, and advanced diagnostic equipment to give your vehicle the care it deserves, we strive to be your first-choice toyota dealer near bethesda.
whether you're curious about the new toyota highlander and its truck-like towing capacity or you want a pre-owned toyota camry with low miles and new technology, you can stop combing search engines for a "toyota dealer near me" and let us show you how the darcars team can make your automotive experience as stress-free and enjoyable as possible.
read more




proud to be your new car dealership near washington, d.c.
need a toyota dealer that's close enough for nearby bethesda residents to pop by after work? head north on columbia pike and you'll be exploring gorgeous new inventory for sale or lease, dealership style! not only are our new toyota cars, trucks, and suvs brimming with next-level technology and safety features, but they're also reasonably priced, come with first-rate offers and incentives, and are ready for your test drive!
contact our finance department to chat about our current new vehicle promotions because we're your toyota camry dealer, toyota tacoma dealer, and toyota corolla dealer – in other words, we're everything you need! let us help you get behind the wheel of stunning 2024 and 2025 toyota models like these:

2024 or 2025 toyota camry
2024 or 2025 toyota corolla
2024 or 2025 toyota crown
2024 toyota bz4x
2024 toyota 4runner
2024 toyota rav4
2024 toyota venza
2024 toyota tundra
2024 toyota highlander
plus, new toyota plug-in hybrid options!

find exceptional used and certified pre-owned toyota cars, trucks, and suvs
our toyota dealer near washington, d.c., is also a used car dealership, meaning we carry a premium selection of pre-owned toyota dealer models. shop our used cars now to find the make, model, and year you prefer at a price you'll love. you can also value your trade-in on our website to see how much more you could save!
prefer to take home certified pre-owned vehicles that have passed rigorous testing and come with their own warranties? explore a used toyota corolla, tundra, highlander, or rav4 by clicking the link above! our toyota certified used cars, trucks, and suvs come in two levels – gold or silver certified – and carry a long list of benefits.
buy a used model from our toyota certified used program to gain advantages like these:

limited powertrain warranty1,2
24-hour roadside assistance3
quality assurance inspection4
free carfax® vehicle history report™5
transferable extended warranty coverage at no extra cost6
dmv registration assistance



certified toyota service and parts near washington, d.c.
when you need first-rate toyota service, dealership technicians are your best bet for high-quality care that's tailored to your model. it probably goes without saying that our toyota service center specializes in toyota cars, trucks, and suvs and that our technicians are factory-trained to deliver optimum repairs, but did you know our toyota dealer can service almost any make and model?
many other automakers like kia, the lexus brand, the nissan brand, and ford use similar internal systems to toyota vehicles, so our technicians are also well-equipped to diagnose and repair these and other brands, too. our location serving laurel, md, is also a certified toyota parts dealer, meaning we source and install genuine oem parts for your car, truck, or suv.
real automaker parts keep your model running smoothly for much longer than aftermarket options because they're custom-made for a precision fit. shop our parts center from the comfort of your home to find wiper blades, air filters, batteries, brakes, and more!
simple financing and leasing at our silver spring toyota dealer
the least clear part of any automotive transaction is often financing: should you buy or lease? what apr or down payment works best for your budget? at darcars toyota of silver spring, we take the guesswork out of car shopping. our finance team is helpful and supportive, not pushy and frustrating.
when you visit our toyota dealer near washington, d.c., we'll work hard so you don't have to. we'll lay out your finance and lease options, compare them side-by-side, and help you secure the best possible terms for the car, truck, or suv you want most.
we know you can choose any toyota dealer for your next purchase or lease, but we hope you'll choose to call darcars toyota of silver spring your automotive home. call or stop by today to meet our team, explore our inventory, and see how easy it could be to get behind the wheel of a new-to-you model. we even offer car-buying tips and tricks on our website to help you feel prepared!



1limited powertrain warranty for gold certification covers 7 years or 100,000 total vehicle miles, whichever comes first from the date of toyota certified used vehicle (tcuv) purchase program available in the continental u.s. and canada. see tcuv warranty supplement for details.
2limited powertrain warranty for silver certification covers 12 months or 12,000 miles, whichever comes first from the date of toyota certified used vehicle (tcuv) purchase program available in the continental u.s. and canada. see tcuv warranty supplement for details.
3from date of toyota certified used vehicle (tcuv) purchase. covers most services, including flat tires, lockout service, jump starts, fuel delivery up to 3 gallons, no more than 2 times per month, and towing for mechanical breakdown or collision recovery to the nearest toyota dealership, except alternative fuel vehicles, including electric and fuel cell vehicles, which may be towed to an authorized charging or fueling station. services provided exclude any parts required. program available in continental u.s. and canada. restrictions and exclusions may apply. see tcuv warranty supplement for details.
4time and mileage coverage periods for certified used vehicle plans are measured from the date the vehicle was first delivered into service as a new vehicle and zero miles. time and mileage coverage periods for certified plus used vehicle plans are measured from expiration of toyota certified used vehicle limited comprehensive warranty. coverage expires upon reaching the maximum time or mileage of the coverage period selected, whichever occurs first. see your agreement for complete terms, conditions, and restrictions. program is not available in all states.
5carfax® vehicle history reports™ are a required part of every toyota certified used vehicle. see your local dealer for details.
6warranties listed on this web page shall not be solely relied upon. warranties may be subject to specific terms, restrictions, exclusions, and fees. additional warranty information may be obtained by visiting the official website of the warranty provider. contact our dealership for complete details.




              copyright © 2025 by darcars | sitemap | privacy | safety recalls & service campaigns | hours | darcars toyota of silver spring | 12210 cherry hill rd, silver spring, md 20904 | sales: 301-622-0300            



















                