








disaster management center – transforming experience into learning – uw–madison



























 











skip to main content

university of wisconsin–madison






uw crest









disaster management center

transforming experience into learning




menu
open menu


close





about the uwdmc
expand


collapse



about the uw dmc
projects & partnerships


diploma
expand


collapse



diploma
curriculum
diploma requirements


self-study courses
frequently asked questions
home
 








 




uwdmc is changing
after more than 35 years, the university of wisconsin-disaster management center (uwdmc) is re-envisioning its role in international disaster/emergency management professional development. when we started our distance learning program in 1982, few organizations around the world offered training or education for disaster/emergency professionals. that situation has changed dramatically. with hundreds (if not thousands) of organizations working in disaster management, risk reduction, and more, both regional and local organizations have taken up the challenge to deliver training and education tailored for local conditions. this is a positive change.
our uwdmc self-study course materials were developed over many years. some have been updated and all still provide relevant information in their original form. those 22 course modules will continue to be available on this website as downloadable pdfs for review at no cost.
as in the past, we encourage the use of these materials in the development of curricula for training and education in international disaster risk management. all we ask is that the uwdmc be identified as the source if the information used.
we look forward to continued advancement in the field throughout the world and thank everyone who has supported uwdmc during the past four decades.

don schramm
director, uwdmc

 
 
 
 




site footer content




university logo that links to main university website













































part of the universities of wisconsin
 

website feedback, questions or accessibility issues: paul.miller@wisc.edu | learn more about accessibility at uw–madison.
this site was built using the uw theme | privacy notice | © 2025 board of regents of the university of wisconsin system.











