




show.me – games, collections, videos, stories, homework help and family days out from museums and galleries
































skip to content



show.me




menu					 
close					 


home
collections
videos
games
stuff to read
venues
 


searchsearch 







 
how do you get a ship in a bottle? © royal museums greenwich

how do you get a ship in a bottle?

how do you get a ship in a bottle? a curator from the national maritime museum races against the clock to answer this question.


categorised as video tagged art, craft, ks2, ks3, seapublished march 1, 2022 





 
act like a pirate © royal museums greenwich

act like a pirate

meet fearsome pirate alice leghorn and find out how to act like a pirate!


categorised as video tagged history, ks1, ks2, pirates, sea, women's historypublished march 1, 2022 





 
first in the fight banner © royal holloway university of london's history hub

“first in the fight” suffragette banner

find out how this rare suffragette banner was used in the campaign to win votes for women.


categorised as video tagged history, ks2, ks3, suffrage, women's historypublished march 1, 2022 





 
tips for sketching an eye © national portrait gallery

tips for sketching an eye

get tips on sketching all the different parts of the eye in this step-by-step video,


categorised as video tagged art, ks3, portraitpublished march 1, 2022 





 
tips for sketching a nose © national portrait gallery

tips for sketching a nose

get some useful tips on sketching a nose in this step-by-step video.


categorised as video tagged art, ks3, portraitpublished march 1, 2022 





 
tips for sketching a mouth © national portrait gallery

tips for sketching a mouth

get some tips on how to sketch a mouth in this step-by-step video from the national portrait gallery.


categorised as video tagged art, ks3, portraitpublished march 1, 2022 





 
tips for sketching a basic portrait © national portrait gallery

tips for sketching a basic portrait

learn how to sketch a simple portrait using shape and structure lines with this step-by-step video.


categorised as video tagged art, ks3, portraitpublished march 1, 2022 





 
how to create a pop art inspired portrait © national portrait gallery

how to create a pop art inspired portrait

channel your inner andy warhol with this guide to creating a pop art style portrait.


categorised as video tagged art, ks3, pop art, portraitpublished march 1, 2022 





 
why was victorian food shopping dangerous? © leeds museums and galleries

victorians – why was food shopping dangerous?

food shopping as a victorian wasn’t always safe – find out some of the strange ingredients people might find in their weekly shop.


categorised as video tagged food and drink, history, ks1, ks2, victorianpublished february 21, 2022 





 
what colour is a cocoa bean? © leeds museums and galleries

chocolate! what colour is a cocoa bean?

take a close-up look at the main ingredient of one of our all-time favourites – chocolate!


categorised as video tagged food and drink, ks1, ks2, nature, science, tradepublished february 21, 2022 





 
museum from home: are starfish the most bonkers creatures in the sea? © leeds museums and galleries

are starfish the most bonkers creatures in the sea?

find out more about one of the most extraordinary creatures in the sea. 


categorised as video tagged animal, ks1, ks2, nature, science, seapublished february 21, 2022 





 
creative lettering © ditchling museum of art + craft

creative lettering

explore the wonderful world of typography – the design of letters and numbers.


categorised as video tagged art, craft, design, ks1, ks2, ks3published february 17, 2022 





 
an animated introduction to the age of revolution © waterloo 200 / age of revolution

what is the age of revolution – and what’s it got to do with me?!

the age of revolution was a time of extraordinary change – find out about the ideas and people that shaped our lives today in this animation.


categorised as video tagged animation, history, ks1, ks2, ks3published february 17, 2022 





 
a victorian homeopathic medicine chest © derby museums

take a closer look at a victorian homeopathic medicine cabinet

take a look inside this homeopathic medicine chest, used by a victorian chemist.


categorised as video tagged history, ks2, ks3, ks4, medicine, science, victorianpublished february 11, 2022 





 
turtle island © the box, plymouth

mayflower 400 legend and legacy: turtle island animation

this animation shows the effect the arrival of the mayflower had on indigenous american peoples.


categorised as video tagged america, exploration, history, ks2, ks3, ks4, migrationpublished february 3, 2022 





 
how to play the traditional wampanoag game hubbub © the box plymouth

how to play hubbub

have a go at playing this traditional native american game.


categorised as game tagged history, ks1, ks2, native america, recreationpublished february 3, 2022 





 
remix the museum © royal pavilion and museums, brighton and hove

animating with remix the museum

use this handy guide to learn how to create amazing animations, using a smartphone or tablet. 


categorised as video tagged animal, animation, art, craft, ks2, ks3, sciencepublished february 3, 2022 





 
© national maritime museum

hms bulldog (figurehead)

in the 18th century ships were decorated with lion figure heads. it is thought they were a guide or to help the ship ‘see’ its way safely through the water.


categorised as collection tagged animal, craft, exploration, nautical historypublished january 24, 2022 





 
© horniman museum and gardens 

ritual dagger

ritual daggers are used by shamans to remove evil spirits and turn negative energies and emotions into positive ones.


categorised as collection tagged culture and identity, history, religionpublished january 24, 2022 





 

boy’s armour

this suit of armour is mysterious as curators aren’t sure who the original owner was.


categorised as collection tagged armour, childhood, history, stuartpublished january 12, 2022 


posts pagination
page 1
…
page 13
older posts 
 




recent posts


how do you get a ship in a bottle?


act like a pirate


“first in the fight” suffragette banner


tips for sketching an eye


tips for sketching a nose


categories

collection

feature

for teachers

game

make and do

stuff to read

top ten

topic guide

video

website


meta

log in
entries feed
comments feed
wordpress.org

 



for teachers
about
contact us
accessibility
ts & cs







culture24arts council england 



we use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. by clicking “accept all”, you consent to the use of all the cookies. however, you may visit "cookie settings" to provide a controlled consent.cookie settingsaccept allmanage consent




close






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.

 





								necessary							


necessary

always enabled




									necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. these cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously.
cookiedurationdescriptioncookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "analytics".cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional11 monthsthe cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "functional".cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "necessary".cookielawinfo-checkbox-others11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "other.cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "performance".viewed_cookie_policy11 monthsthe cookie is set by the gdpr cookie consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. it does not store any personal data. 






								functional							


functional





									functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features.
								






								performance							


performance





									performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors.
								






								analytics							


analytics





									analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. these cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc.
								






								advertisement							


advertisement





									advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. these cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads.
								






								others							


others





									other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet.
								












save & accept










dark mode:  
 







