



feed me links - social bookmarking for early adopters. by @jm3







































        feed me links is diffuse, distributed community of social bookmarkers and voracious content-consumers. before pinboard.in, del.icio.us, and stumbleupon, we created the first social bookmarking community on the web:
        
feed me links.

        

        follow us on twitter:
        @realfeedmelinks.

        




feed me links
by @jm3






      social bookmarking is both our past and future.
    





feed me links: social bookmarking for cool kids

    feed me links is a niche but thriving social bookmarking
    community. having launched in 2002, we predated the social
    web we now take for granted. think for a second: no no like buttons,
    no smartphone feeds, no round profile pics... just pure,
    unprocessed, unfiltered urls to everyone's favorite sites, tagged
    and curated.

  

    at the time, browser-based (local) bookmarking was de rigueur, and
    hosting your bookmarks in "the cloud", let alone
    "open-sourcing" them the entire world, seemed almost insane.
    but slowly but surely, ~14,000 online archivists signed up to share
    their bookmarks with friends and the world.
  



stats:

15k+ users
400k+ bookmarks
~15k loc
platform: lamp (linux/apache/mysql/php)
ads: none
outside investment: zero



key contributions:

helped "make saving social"; the value of sharing can beat privacy + paranoia (sometimes)
successfully leveraged user laziness via strong off-site:
browser plugin parallel searching of your links when googling
easy access via smart a.i.m. bot
email-to-bookmark gateway



features:

bookmark any site: http:, https:, ftp:, even js bookmarklets.
clean ui; doesn't look like it was "designed by an engineer"
migrate your bookmarks from delicious
import any modern bookmark format, including safari, firefox, opera, etc.
you own your data: export your links as xml, rss, or text
link sharing, discovery, and commentary
link spam prevention / avoidance
power-user stuff like bulk editing/deletes



about feed me links

    feed me links (feedmelinks.com) is an early social-bookmarking
    site used primarily by hackers, designers, musicians, and artists.
    since i no longer have time to work on it, this page is
    basically a really elaborate 404 page :)
    why not read the feed me links crunchbase
    entry.

  



      i'm john manoogian iii, founder and
      chief hacker from feed me links.i'm working on something new
      that's pretty neat. learn more on twitter.
    





        2002 - 2017












