











sej





















jump to navigation













menu




home
donate
join / renew
members only
my profile
contact us
reach sej members
volunteer
rss





    you must have javascript enabled to use this form.  



search form

search 


 advanced search












mobile navigation
home
sej initiatives
sej publications
calendar
resources
about sej
donate to sej
site map



sej initiativesannual conferences
awards for reporting on the environment
diverse perspectives
fellowships
freedom of information
fund for environmental journalism
mentor program
regional conferences and webinars
young journalists and the news

sej publicationsejtoday
sejournal
special reports
topics on the beat
climate change resource guide

calendarall events
awards
news events/press conferences
professional meetings
sej annual conferences
sej regional conferences and webinars
workshops and fellowships
other events

resourcesawards, grants, fellowships and workshops (non-sej)
blogs and more
books
covering protests and staying safe in person and online
covid-19 resources for journalists 
environmental podcasts
featured journalists
freelance
jobs
reporting tools
sej canada
sej español
source lists
teaching tools
useful links

about sejvision and mission
history
sej advisory boards, committees and task forces 
sej bylaws, policies, agreements and guidelines
sej executive director's report
sej president's report
accolades
board & staff
board meetings
donate
form 990s
funding sources
join sej
obituaries/deaths in the sej family
past sej board presidents
renew your membership
sign up for sej discussion listservs (members only)
strategic plan
subscribe to sej info mailing lists
volunteer with sej









 









about sej
join sej
support sej





sej - the short list 






 


  
 protecting public data: sej and partners demand action from federal agencies 
 feb. 10, 2025 — the society of environmental journalists joined partner organizations representing science, health and environmental journalists in opposing the removal of public data from more than a dozen u.s. federal websites.
 
 go  

  
 sej webinars 
 feb. 12's #sejwebinar "celebrating 35 years of sej — what comes next?" comprised a panel of longtime sej members who helped build the foundation of our organization reflecting on our mission and what makes sej the tight-knit community of journalists it is today, followed by some of environmental journalism’s emerging leaders discussing where our field should go from here. webinar details, video recording and chat log.

 
 go  

  
 #sej2025 annual conference, arizona, april 23-26 
 join us for sej's 34th annual conference, hosted at arizona state university! the ongoing devastation of wildfires in los angeles is a stark reminder of the urgency of this moment for environmental journalism. as extreme weather and natural disasters grow in frequency and magnitude, a shift in the political climate adds another layer of complexity to covering these issues. now more than ever, our collective mission to uncover and share critical and empirical truths about science, energy, policy, health impacts and equity is vital. register now to secure your preferred tour and/or workshop as both fill quickly. travel stipends available (mar 14 deadline).
 
 go  

  
 #sejspotlight on members 
 meet sej member bassam al-qadhi! specializing in environmental, climate and science reporting, bassam has presented in-depth investigations in both arabic and english, addressing environmental challenges and the effects of climate change in yemen. want sej to promote your work to our social media followers? here's how.
 
 go  




sej publication highlights 



  
 ai’s importance in journalism and teaching — part 2 
 02/12/2025 –  
 in part 2 of a two-part ej academy, sejournal’s emilia askari examines changes artificial intelligence is bringing to journalism — among them possibilities for the analysis of data, including on climate and the environment. plus, ways to use ai tools more effectively and how to track news organizations’ response to and use of ai. also: part 1, ai in the classroom.
 
 view article  

  
 trump 2.0 ejwatch 
 02/12/2025 –  
 trump 2.0 ejwatch is a new special section spotlighting sejournal stories and ejtoday headlines that track the impact of the new trump administration on the environment, energy and journalism. launched in february 2025, trump 2.0 ejwatch takes the baton from environmental journalism transitionwatch, a limited-run weekly report published following election day 2024 until shortly after trump’s inauguration. 
 
 view article  

  
 press freedom issues come to fore as trump 2.0 launches 
 02/12/2025 –  
 salvaging disappearing web pages from the u.s. environmental protection agency, fostering (and protecting) government whistleblower sources and sussing out the first amendment’s prospects under the new attorney general at the justice department — the latest watchdog opinion scans the trump administration’s information terrain. plus, check out the latest actions from the society of environmental journalists’ freedom of information efforts.
 
 view article  




enjoy our selection of quotes celebrating journalism and free speech. submit yours! click here.




 
"when i ran cnn's science and environment operations, i used to tell my team that a good story is one that looks smart on the day we broadcast it and even smarter 20 years later."
— peter dykstra
 




 










ejtoday: headlines






 

  
 "epa chief seeks to claw back $20 billion in climate funding" 
 reuters, 02/14/2025 

 "led by trump-picked chairman, the fcc takes aim at media companies" 
 washington post, 02/14/2025 

 "delayed cdc report shows increased evidence of bird flu spread to people" 
 washington post, 02/14/2025 

 "environmentalists gear up to fight trump in court" 
 nytimes, 02/14/2025 

 "colorado and connecticut lowered utility bills by reining in lobbying" 
 grist, 02/14/2025 

 "coca-cola says it may use more plastic due to trump tariffs" 
 bbc news, 02/14/2025 

 "undocumented workers prepare to clean up l.a.’s fires amid ice raids" 
 capital & main, 02/14/2025 

 mexico orders factory cleanup after guardian toxic waste investigation 
 guardian, 02/14/2025 

 "world’s largely unprotected peatlands are ticking ‘carbon bomb’, warns study" 
 guardian, 02/14/2025 

 florida court rules that trump can pursue lawsuit against pulitzer board 
 news service of florida, 02/14/2025 
 


all ejtoday headlines
 




	find out about our
freedom of information
	task force.










#sej2025 annual conference, arizona, apr 23-26
board business
					(sej members only; log-in required)

journalism job links
sign up for sej listservs
subscribe to sej info mailing lists



sej.org is a treasure chest of information useful to your reporting. search website content by topics on the beat, including:




















see all!







 






				why join sej?


sej's mission is to strengthen coverage of environment, energy, health and climate news, by supporting the journalists who report that news. the benefits of joining include: access to grants for environmental reporting; mentoring by experienced journalists; and members-only e-mailing lists for sharing professional tips, news, and information. sej members meet and learn face-to-face from fellow members, other media professionals and topic experts, at our annual conference and volunteer-organized regional gatherings.
 




	 












join the sej members-only facebook group here.







journalists, students and educators:













 advertisement 


 advertise with sej 

 


upcoming calendar events


  
 monday, february 17, 2025 
 deadline: sfi complex systems summer school journalism fellowship 

 monday, february 17, 2025 
 deadline: the alexia grants 

 tuesday, february 18, 2025 
 sciline webinar: beyond the basics of science reporting 
 




donate to sej
sej's board of directors is actively seeking donations from individuals from all walks of life.

 







 










contact us  |
donate  |
join  |
members  |
privacy & security policies  |
reach sej members  |
renew  |
site map


the society of environmental journalists
		1629 k street nw, suite 300, washington, dc 20006
		telephone: (202) 558-2055
		email: sej@sej.org

© 2025 the society of environmental journalists. all rights reserved.
	all graphics © sej, unless otherwise stated.
















