









home - press communications, llc















































skip to content


























 


visit press communications on linkedinfollow us on linkedin for marketing tips, tactics, articles, and more on how to propel your business!
 






















 
homeon-aironlineon sitetestimonialsemploymentcontact
















we help your brand connect with people











our mission is to deliver exceptional radio broadcasting that entertains, informs, and connects our local jersey shore community. that means first class radio stations that bring listeners, organizations, and musicians together in a brand-friendly environment that provides effective platforms for engagement.
our commitment to social responsibility continues to drive us to support local initiatives, champion worthy causes, and contribute positively to the growth and development of our region. together with our talented team of marketing professionals, we are passionately committed to delivering outstanding programming, fostering meaningful connections, and making a lasting impact on the lives of our listeners.
with over 125 years of business lineage in monmouth and ocean counties, nj, we are press communications, llc and we are true local radio reimagined.








we are local, privately owned
with deep community roots










born & bred at the jersey shore with over 125 years of lineage in monmouth & ocean counties.
 










we are constantly active throughout the communities we serve and possess a thorough understanding of opportunities and solutions throughout the market.
 










local ownership and a talented team allows us to be nimble and responsive to the needs of our advertising partners and listeners. no corporate minutiae here!
 










our brands are heavily active in the local community with live events, charities and contests geared towards local winners.
 









offering all our clients
an optimal ad-vironment










commercial minutes are capped every hour to optimize listener retention.
 










friendly, widely appealing programming that ensures your brand’s safety.
 










we ensure that your ad stands out by guaranteeing separation from direct competitors, setting us apart from other broadcast media companies.
 










rest assured, we practice what we preach and deploy our own strategic, year-long paid marketing campaign to promote our radio stations.
 











contact us today


















find new customers











your roi is our business!  our toolbox features a wide range of on-air, on-line and on-site tactics that work together to connect your business with the eyes and ears of your customers across all devices.
let us show you how we can integrate your organization to deliver results like clicks, calls, and crowds!












on-air 









our family of new jersey-based radio stations offers top-notch mass media exposure. we take pride in being a top-rated and award-winning group, and you can trust us to reach over half a million consumers weekly through our four signature brands, spanning from nyc to atlantic city and beyond. our dedication lies in delivering entertainment and valuable information to our audiences, who are also your present and future customers.






















thunder 106
wkmk-fm / wthj-fm




















107.1 the boss
wwzy-fm / wbhx-fm




















b98.5
wbbo-fm




















the breeze
whtg-am / w264dh-fm




















online 









drill down to the specific audience(s) you need to connect to.  press communications offers digital solutions that allow your business to walk, run, and eventually move at light speed through the digital landscape:










 

 foundations we’ll help you build a site that communicates what your company is all about.  when we’re done it will be mobile-friendly (because these days, everyone lives on their phones), and we’ll make sure people can find you easily through searches and map apps 



 content in today’s world, if you’re not writing/creating/posting meaningful content on social media and communicating with your customers every day, you could be left behind.  you’re busy and time is money.  let us help you create posts, blogs, video, and more to get your customers’ attention! 



 digital marketing this is where we tap into all the cool and innovative tactics and strategies that help your message reach the right audience. 

 


















on-site 









press communications is well-known for our high-quality engagement.  here’s how we connect, face-to-face, with the people in our community:








 

 live appearances, remote & full live broadcasts planning a big grand opening, open house or sales event?  thunder 106, 107.1 the boss or b98.5 can bring the bells & whistles to take it to the next level and make an impact. 



 special events learn about the benefits of engagement with some of our large-scale productions and programs like thunderfest, students change hunger, regional spelling bee, live & local music festival, and more.  



 community events find us at select local charitable and not-for-profit events happening throughout monmouth & ocean counties.looking for help with your 501c3? please email us at psa@presscommradio.com 

 






contact us today


















we deliver results, but don't take our word for it. hear it from the companies we keep.
















testimonials


“we were immediately treated like family and felt like press was as invested in our success as we were.  we have seen direct results from our advertising campaigns, enjoy working in partnership with the station, and have seen continued business growth over all these years.” john & lisa porada, chocolate carousel, wall, nj 

“our campaigns have been creative, flexible and professionally executed.  when covid forced immediate shifts of marketing messaging, press communications did not skip a beat in their support and delivery.”  dana lancellotti, ocean county business development & tourism, toms river, nj  

“(they) take the time to really understand our organization’s needs and desired outcomes.  their creativity and responsiveness has contributed to our long and successful partnership.”  dawn hiltner, new jersey education association (njea), trenton, nj 

“they really understand our business needs and provide smarter ways for us to advertise throughout new jersey.  having the ability to maintain wonderful working relationships with our representatives, while interacting in ways that are entertaining, make it an easy decision year after year to partner with them.”  janelle clegg, earth treasures jewelers, eatontown, nj 

“in a world where the next day was unpredictable, the one thing that has remained constant was the hard work and dedication by the press communications team.”  ashley schoeneberg, joseph h, roberts inc heating, cooling and duct cleaning  

“we have worked with the team at press communications for the past two years to support the dj influencer program for one of our key clients.  they have been a pleasure to work with and the endorsements have been very well received by the client.”  ross mcilwain, infinity marketing, greenville, sc  

“from the very first time that we were contacted by press communications you could sense the energy and passion that the entire press communications team had for what they do.  from their sales staff to their marketing staff, on-air personalities and management staff, press communications is a pleasure to work with.”  bob kessler, vitalant blood donation, montvale, nj 




















 


visit press communications on linkedinfollow us on linkedin for marketing tips, tactics, articles, and more on how to propel your business!
 

















interested in learning more about growing your brand with press communications?
please contact marketing@presscommradio.com




























press communications is located at 2355 west bangs avenue, neptune nj 07753

















privacy policy | eeo
©2025 press communications, llc









 











© 2025 press communications, llc
 | 
powered by beaver builder

 

















