







institute for gravitation and the cosmos


















about




centers




people




topics




collaborations




events




news




community




visitors




resources




join the igc












    announcements
  
















 announcements february 2025 

 
 pug seminars every friday at 2pm, 321 whitmore laboratory

lattice qcd: zoltan fodor
tuesday, february 11, 2025, 3 – 4:30pm, 320 whitmore laboratory
speaker: zoltan fodor

physics colloquium ‘25 peter clay eklund awards
thursday, february 13, 2025, 3:45 – 4:45pm, 117 osmond laboratory
eklund award winners: andrew zeolla, maria barsukova, zeyu zhang
honorable mentions: zijie yan, alexander sredenschek and sanika khadkikar

ashtekar frontiers of science - a tale of two gases: classical and quantum
saturday, february 15, 2025, 11am – 12:30pm, 001 chemical and biomedical engineering building
speaker: marcos rigol

physics colloquium 2025: physics and astrophysics with nanohertz gravitational waves
thursday, february 20, 2025, 3:45 – 4:45pm, 117 osmond laboratory
speaker: sara vigeland

ashtekar frontiers of science - accurate quantum computing
saturday, february 22, 2025, 11am – 12:30pm, 100 thomas building
speaker: abhinav kandala

physics colloquium 2025: recent developments in relativistic non-equilibrium thermodynamics
thursday, february 27, 2025, 3:45 – 4:45pm, 117 osmond laboratory
speaker: lorenzo gavassino

gapp seminar: probing the dense matter equation of state through neutron star oscillations and gravitational waves
tuesday, february 18th, 2025, 2:00 pm, 339 davey lab
speaker: tianqi zhao








previous



next









 institute for gravitation and the cosmos 









igc recent news







previous



next


igc centers



center for fundamental theory







center for multimessenger astrophysics







center for theoretical and observational cosmology






igc topics of research




























 astroinformatics 

 
 astroinformatics applies data science and machine learning to astrophysics and cosmology. igc members working in astroinformatics are also affiliated with the institute for computational and data sciences. 












 astrostatistics 

 
 astrostatistics is the study of how to use astronomical observations, with their associated uncertainties, to constrain models of astrophysics and cosmology. measurements are made with imperfect instruments and the way in which many objects are observed can be biased by something in their local environment, like dust, that reduces or enhances the emitted signal. accurately inferring the model from the data requires a careful accounting for all those effects. 

visit penn state's center for astrostatistics website to find out more about. [image credit: nasa/ames/jpl-caltech] 












 black holes 

 
  black holes are regions of spacetime so dense that nothing can escape their gravitational pull - not even light.  researchers at penn state study black holes theoretically in the context of general relativity and candidate theories for quantum gravity as well as observationally through electromagnetic and gravitational wave surveys.  












 cosmic rays 

 
 cosmic rays are elementary particles and nuclei, detected on or near the earth, that originate in energetic processes in the universe. physicists work to characterize the cosmic ray spectrum: the abundance of different types of particles and their energies. observations of the primary particles are made in space (e.g., the alpha magnetic spectrometer, ams, on the international space station) and with high-altitude balloons (e.g., the high energy light isotope experiment, helix). when cosmic rays interact with the earth's atmosphere, they generate showers of other particles, called secondary cosmic rays, that are detected by instruments on the ground (e.g., the pierre auger surface water tanks and fluorescence detectors), and under the ground (e.g., the amiga, auger muons and infill for the ground array extension for pierre auger). cosmic ray data is used to constrain models for sources that can produce high-energy particles, either extremely energetic astrophysical environments like those around active galactic nuclei (agn) or extreme events like gamma ray bursts (grbs). 












 cosmic surveys 

 
 cosmological surveys map out the distribution of matter in the universe. some surveys may target a particular type of object by looking for a very particular spectral signal. for example, the hetdex survey is designed to find a class of galaxies, lyman-$\alpha$ emitters, at a time when the universe was about 10-11 billion years younger than it is today. by precisely measuring how those galaxies are receding from us, hetdex will provide a new constraint on the expansion rate of the universe and the role of dark energy in the past. 

other surveys collect light across a wider range of frequencies. for example, the rubin observatory legacy survey of space and time (lsst) will take optical images of a large fraction of the sky, nearly every night. lsst will detect nearly 4 billion galaxies that can be measured so precisely that distortions in galaxy shapes due to gravity can be used, statistically, to map out how both dark and luminous matter are distributed in the universe. because lsst will image the same part of the sky so often, it will also capture the variations of light emitted by objects that are changing rapidly, allowing studies of the dynamic universe. 












 dark matter 

 
 matter can be detected by its gravitational pull. many different observations together indicate that about 84% of the gravitating matter in the universe emits no detectable photons. this is the dark matter, and the quest to understand what it is drives the work of large communities in cosmology and particle physics. experiments like the large underground xenon experiment, lux, are designed to search for possible interactions between dark matter particles and the particles of the standard model. surveys like the rubin observatory legacy survey of space and time, lsst, will carefully map out the distribution of dark matter, probing for signs that some particle physics interactions was at work along with gravity and affected the evolution of structure. gravitational wave observations may also reveal something about the nature of dark matter if, for example, the population of detected black holes is inconsistent with the expected astrophysical population. 












 the dynamic universe 

 
 many dynamic phenomena in the universe occur over a period of seconds to years. events with quickly evolving signals include the explosions of type 1a supernovae, the destruction of stars passing too close to a black hole, and the merger of neutron stars. some transient phenomena, like type ia supernovae, release light in such a reliable way that they can be used as standard reference events to study the evolution of the universe. other events provide information about matter in extreme environments and at very high energies. these phenomena may be observed not just through their electromagnetic emission, but also through the generation of particles or gravitational waves. for example, a merger of two neutron stars first detected as a gravitational wave event, gw170817, was subsequently observed across the electromagnetic spectrum. fluctuations in the energetic matter streaming out from the vicinity of a black hole in the center of a galaxy, the flaring blazar txs 0506+056, produced both neutrinos detected by icecube and high-energy gamma rays. several new instruments promise to bring an explosion of data for the study of transient phenomena in the universe. 

[image credit: illustration: cxc/m. weiss; x-ray: nasa/cxc/unh/d. lin et al, optical: cfht. ] 












 gravitational waves 

 
  gravitational waves are tiny ripples in space created by accelerating masses such as the orbit of neutron stars and black holes. as a gravitational wave passes through space it changes the distance between two points. researchers at penn state study gravitational waves theoretically as well as observationally through the ligo and virgo observatories.  












 loop quantum gravity 

 
  loop quantum gravity is a theory of quantum gravity based on a geometric formulation that predict discrete geometrical phenomena above some minimum length scale (the planck length).  












 mathematical structures 

 
 physics often advances when crisp mathematical structures are uncovered in a framework developed to describe observed phenomena. for example, in quantum field theory there is a vast discrepancy between the current calculational difficulty in making predictions for experiments and the simple, mathematical form of the end result. the amplitudes program seeks to explain and exploit this surprising simplicity by reformulating the basic mathematical tools used to make predictions. 












 multimessenger astrophysics 

 
 many astrophysical phenomena release not just light (electromagnetic radiation), but also gravitational waves and/or elementary particles including neutrinos and cosmic rays. each of those signals carries different information about the physics of the source, so collecting more than one enables us to have a deeper understanding of the event that produced them. however, it is an enormous challenge for different types of instruments to coordinate simultaneous observations, and to verify that signals have a common source.  projects like amon and scimma help alert the community to potential multi-messenger events so that an observing program can be coordinated as quickly and efficiently as possible. 












 neutrinos 

 
 neutrinos are light, electrically-neutral elementary particles that make up the least-understood part of the standard model of particle physics. facilities like dune (the deep underground neutrino experiment) study neutrinos produced in the fermilab collider as well as neutrinos arriving from cosmic events. project 8 will measure neutrino mass by looking at neutrinos emitted when tritium decays. the cmb stage 4 telescopes will use cosmological data to constrain the number of neutrinos and their mass. many other neutrino facilities focus on detecting neutrinos produced in astrophysical processes, including anita, ara, beacon, grand, icecube, pueo, and rno-g. these cosmic neutrinos can carry key information, along with electromagnetic radiation and gravitational waves, in "multi-messenger" detections of dynamic events in the universe. 












 physical mathematics 

 
 physical mathematics is concerned with mathematics motivated by physics. prime example of physical mathematics is the pioneering work of eugene wigner on the unitary representations of poincare group which was motivated by his results proving that symmetries of quantum systems must be realized unitarily on their hilbert spaces.  his work opened up the huge field studying the unitary duals of noncompact lie groups which is still an unfinished chapter of mathematics. 
in a similar vein, the discovery of supersymmetry by physicists led to the development of the theory of unitary representations of lie superalgebras.
remarkably, though algebraically more complicated the theory of unitary representations of noncompact lie superalgebras turned out to be simpler than those of noncompact lie groups.  furthermore, some of the earliest results on ads/cft dualities were obtained, in a true wignerian sense, within the framework of work on fitting the spectra of kaluza-klein supergravities into unitary supermultiplets of their underlying supersymmetry algebras.  












 quantum universe 

 
 all physical systems obey the laws of quantum mechanics, but we have not yet achieved a full understanding of the relationship between quantum mechanics, general relativity, and cosmology. the primordial universe and black holes are two arenas to study these questions in ways that are complementary to research on laboratory quantum systems and quantum information. 












 quasars 

 
 accreting supermassive black holes at the centers of galaxies 












 the strong force 

 
 the strong force out-competes the electromagnetic force on short distances to hold protons together in atomic nuclei. nuclear matter can be studied in particle colliders and astrophysical objects like neutron stars. the quantum effects of particles that feel the strong force are important for many measurements in particle physics, including the recently measured anomalous magnetic moment of the muon. many theoretical predictions of the effects of the strong force rely on the numerically-intensive work that requires supercomputers. 







previous



next















about our wordmark
                  





              
              104 davey laboratory #258 
              
              penn state 
              
              university park, pa 16802-6300 
              
              phone: +1 814 863-9605 
              
              fax: +1 814 863-9608 



























copyright (c) 2025 institute for gravitation and the cosmos - penn state










about our wordmark









      the igc wordmark was created by monica rincon ramirez, while she was a graduate
      student at the institute for gravitation and the cosmos (igc). monica enjoys
      drawing new connections between fundamental theory and observations. her
      graduate work includes specialized topics in general relativity, loop quantum
      gravity, and quantum fields in cosmological backgrounds. in particular, her
      thesis work focused on finding effective quantum corrections to gravitational
      phenomena from spinfoams, and applications to cosmology. she received her phd
      in 2024.  
      
      
      
      the wordmark symbolizes the scope and variety of research at the igc. the base
      of the image represents quantum gravity, evoking the quantum geometrical
      picture from spinfoams and loop quantum gravity. these are among the approaches
      to fundamental questions studied at the center for fundamental theory. the
      middle of the image represents the center for theoretical and observational
      cosmology by galaxies embedded in a smooth surface, characteristic of spacetime
      in general relativity and the much larger physical scales studied in cosmology.
      finally, at the top, the surface curves to an extreme, representing a
      supermassive black hole accompanied by an energetic jet. these elements depict
      an active galactic nucleus, inspired by centaurus a. just to the right, a pair
      of black holes approaches merger. this top portion of the wordmark represents
      the center for multimessenger astrophysics, which specializes in the study of
      high-energy phenomena in the universe. 

    




