












home :: department of wildlife, fish, and conservation biology















      skip to main content
    





menu

department of wildlife, fish, and conservation biology





















open

close



search the site:












main navigation (extended config)
about+message from the chairmission statementprinciples of community for wfcbcontact & directionswho we areprogram learning outcomesmuseum of wildlife and fish biologycollege of agricultural and environmental sciencesintranetpeople+facultyemeritiadministrative staffresearch staffmuseum of wildlife and fish biology staffgraduate studentsstudents+undergraduate+advising information+frequently asked questionsfinding an internshipprograms & pathways to research and advanced degreesinterested in vet school?program learning outcomeswfc major+b.s. programprogram learning outcomesundergraduate courseswfc minoruseful resourcesgraduate+graduate coursesta-shipprospective studentscoursesstudent societiesemployment after graduationwildlife biologist requirementsnew studentsseminars & blogs+seminarsthe putah creek nestbox highwaystudent conservation cornerfieldwork while parentingthe wildlife whisper newsletter+whisper - volume 11 - june 2020whisper - volume 10 - april 2020whisper - volume 9 - january 2020whisper - volume 8 - september 2019whisper - volume 7 - june 2019whisper - volume 6 - april 2019newsletter signupeventsalumni & giving+giving opportunitiesalumni & friendsvisiting uc davisemployment+ta-ship





      quick links+



intranet
contact & directions
make a gift to wfcb

















 



 



 



 


















our mission is to promote research and understanding of the biology of wild vertebrates.
our students emerge with a solid biological foundation on which they superimpose training in the ecology and management of wildlife and fish in natural as well as human-altered environments. they are established and emerging leaders in wildlife and fish biology, ecology, conservation, and management, with jobs as private consultants, agency wildlife or fish biologists, zoo biologists, and wildlife veterinarians, among others. the major prepares students well for post-secondary study, including veterinary school, graduate school, or pursuit of professional degrees in applied biology and ecology.











museum of wildlife and fish biology
we are a vertebrate museum dedicated to education, outreach, conservation, and research.













faculty
introduction to our faculty's current and future research, classes, and publications.













students
undergraduate and graduate student resources in wildlife, fish, and conservation biology.











latest news








mountain lions coexist with outdoor recreationists by taking the night shift

nov 21, 2024


mountain lions in greater los angeles are proactively shifting their activity to avoid interacting with cyclists, hikers, joggers and other…









in greening arctic, caribou and muskoxen play key role

nov 15, 2024


the story of arctic greening has overlooked some main characters. at center stage are climate change and warming temperatures. meanwhile, large…


view all news







sign up to receive our newsletter and seminar announcements













undergraduate advising









make a gift to wfcb




instagram  @ucd_wfcb












wildlife, fish, & conservation biology
        1088 academic surge
455 crocker lane 
davis, ca 95616
530-752-6586
more contact info







follow us
















university of california, davis, one shields avenue, davis, ca 95616

contact & directions university of california sitemap last update: december 09, 2024  
copyright © the regents of the university of california, davis campus. all rights reserved.











