







hot air balloon rides with atlanta, georgia's magic carpet ride - flights, tethers, and marketing promotions around atlanta, ga












































770.436.9960 






  




 

  	 
  	 
  	 

 
 


see atlanta from a different view! 



floating with the dancing wind, somewhere between the treetops and the clouds; there’s no better way to see the georgia sights around atlanta than from our hot air balloon "sun dancer"...
at 
              magic carpet ride balloon adventures we are dedicated to making 
              your hot air balloon flight safe, memorable and fun.  our champagne balloon 
              rides are $295 a person for a standard 
              flight or if you are flexible as to when you fly, pay as little 
              as $250 for a standby 
              flight.  you can check out our complete list of prices 
              for occasions such as birthdays, anniversaries, proposals, weddings, 
              and team building.  for information 
              about corporate marketing or advertising programs and tethered flights, 
              check out our marketing page.            
locally owned and operated; we are the only balloon company to service the entire metropolitan atlanta area: we routinely fly in cumming and snellville, and can also fly from your own property.
visit our frequent questions page and flight information page for more hot air balloon ride details.

let magic carpet ride balloon adventures give you the ride of your life! 


 


     


flight request


corporate marketing


tether request


show and tell request 






sun dancer in flight
balloon news
hot air balloon kiteboarding

          the newest kind of mixed breed isn't a dog, but the combination of hot air ballooning and kiteboarding.

          perrier made a commercial that's really fun to watch! if only all our flights were just ilke this.
perrier commercial


          you think you want an adventure? here's a tourist hiring a hot air balloon for flying in the arctic next to icebergs! 
iceberg flying 
watch actors gregory harrison and brooke elliott take off in our balloon, originally aired on august 30, 2009 (8th episode "crazy") on the new hit tv show 
  watch video clip from 
  drop dead diva.

 



 







to schedule your flight, go to our flight request form or call us at  (770) 436 - 9960. 


home | contact us |  flight information | balloon events |  faq |  pilot bio 


 marketing promotions | gift certificates  | testimonials | sunrise/sunset calendars 


 balloonist prayer  | mcr apparel |  other links | crewing information 


flight request | pay flight deposit |  directions to meeting locations





























pin it




 



 




 
back to top








 




     magic carpet ride © 2002-2011
web design by gold star designs
   hosted by blockhead web
logo design by sanders design 



 
  

 







 
 
 




 






