







home - iowa sex offender registry
  











































iowa sex offender registry


 sign in











sign in
home

nearby registrants map


 search


most wanted


notifications / registrant watch


information


contact


faq























                    there are currently 6,849 registrants listed on this website.  
                    this website is typically updated hourly during business hours, monday through friday.                      this website was last
                    updated 02/14/2025 at 05:30 pm.                 



 search registry
 nearby registrants map
 most wanted





the iowa sex offender registry became law on july 1, 1995 and is found in chapter 692a code of iowa




  read
                                more about  chapter 692a












the iowa department of public safety
(dps) has a history of dedication and service to the citizens of iowa and those who visit our state. since it was first established in 1939, dps has been the chief law enforcement agency in the state of iowa.





read more
                                









the division of criminal investigation
(dci) was created in 1921 to provide investigative support and expertise to law enforcement agencies across the state.





read more
                                









dru sjodin national sex offender public website
(nsopw) is coordinated by the u.s. department of justice. the nsopr site is a cooperative effort between jurisdictions hosting public sex offender registries ("jurisdictions") and the federal government.





read more
                                











 search registry
 most wanted






warningphone scam alert:registrants have recently reported receiving calls from a person claiming to be with law enforcement. the caller requests cash or other form of payment, and suggests the victim will face arrest for not complying with registration requirements. please be advised that no law enforcement or government agency will ever request such payment, nor make threats of arrest by phone. anyone receiving such a call should not make any payment or provide any information to the caller. 


jacob wetterling


                                        as part of the 1994 violent crime control and law enforcement act the united states congress passed the jacob wetterling crimes act which bears the name of an 11-year old minnesota boy who was abducted, assaulted and murdered near his family home. the act
                                        set forth guidelines for states to establish sex offender registry programs.
                                    





megan kanka


                                        in 1996 the wetterling act was amended by megan's law, which requires states to release relevant information about registered sex offenders to protect the public. this law bears the name of megan kanka, a seven year old girl who was sexually molested
                                        and murdered by a convicted sex offender after being invited into his home to play with his new puppy.
                                    





jetseta gage


                                        jetseta marrie gage was a cedar rapids, iowa, child who was kidnapped, raped and murdered by a registered sex offender in 2005. jetseta's case prompted awareness and changes in sentencing and sex offender registration laws for those who commit child sex
                                        crimes in iowa.
                                    







 
follow us
                        













the photos below are a few of the registrants who were recently updated .






























 

















copyright © 2025  state of iowa.  all rights reserved.
back to top 









contact

                        iowa division of criminal investigation department of public safety building
                    



                                215 east 7th street  des moines, iowa 50319


                                voice: (515) 725-6050 fax: (515) 725-6040
                            

support contact










dps/dci/sor

 
this web site is funded in whole or in part through a grant from the bureau of justice assistance, office of the justice programs, u.s. department of justice. neither the u.s. department of justice nor any of its components operate, control, are responsible for, or necessarily endorse, this web site (including, without limitation, its content, technical infrastructure, and policies, and any services or tools provided). 

state of iowa -
                        dps -
                        dci -
                        ocio -
                        attribution 




developer resources

rss feed  
download rss feed


site api  
view api guide


version  
version 2.0.22

page rendered in 0.0405 seconds
















×
alert




cancel
confirm



















javascript is not enabled or your browser does not support it, many features of this site have been disabled.
javascript is not enabled or your browser does not support it, many features of this site have been disabled.


important notice:  
this site uses javascript and it seems you either have it disabled
            or are using a browser that does not support it.
you can continue, but you should be aware that many features may not
            work properly for you.
click here continue anyway








