




home page
























| home |  intro | tour(ism) | montagnards | society | culture |  language | images | music | library | sakun |  links | 
!! 
        latest additions !!






 
click for the 2010 film, the 
        13 months of sukur ...
in 1999 unesco inscribed the sukur cultural landscape, located in the 
        mandara mountains of northeast nigeria, on the world heritage list. the citation calls it an 
       exceptional landscape illustrating a form of land-use that marks a critical 
        stage in human settlement and its relationship with its environment. the 
        cultural landscape of sukur is also eloquent testimony to a strong and 
        continuing spiritual and cultural tradition that has endured, while constantly 
        adapting, for centuries.  click on the unesco document 
      to read relevant sections.

sukur was an anomaly among world heritage sites in that, 
        prior to achieving that status, it was virtually unknown beyond its immediate 
        area. in 2017, due in part to the depredations of boko haram (see below), 
        the endangerment of its cultural heritage was recognized by its listing 
        on the world monuments fund's 
        2018 watch list. this "brings international attention to the challenges 
        facing cultural heritage sites and their communities around the globe." 
        further, "inclusion on the watch provides nominators and site owners 
        with an important opportunity to promote sites locally and internationally, to 
        work towards improved site protection, and to build community engagement 
        in their preservaation efforts." it is both sad and ironic that, 
        as of january 2020, the plans for heritage management and preservation 
        outlined in the nomination 
        document and in the nigerian national commission for museums and monuments' 
        2017-21 sukur management plan are still postponed for reasons of insecurity.
one piece of good news is that the ncmm's management plan has taken up and is now pursuing the idea of an international mandara mountains peace park extending across the border into cameroon. see here for more information on this exciting prospect.
 ! 
        ! ! sukur and boko haram ! ! !
in late 2014 sukur was, like many 
        other nigerian communities, towns and cities, brutally and viciously attacked 
        by boko haram as is described here. in april 
        2015 the nigerian military and allies succeded in driving boko haram out 
        of adamawa state (though not from neighboring borno) and its 
        inhabitants began to rebuild their houses, lives and communities. their 
        remarkable achievements since that time testify to the resilience and 
        courage of the people affected. nonetheless, since international and national 
        aid has been limited and focused on the big refugee camps in maiduguri, 
        yola, minawao (in cameroon) and elsewhere, and since boko haram had destroyed 
        much of the economic and social infrastructure, this has been a slow process. 
        however in late august and early september 2016 sukur was able to celebrate 
        the biennial ɓər ceremony, which was extremely well attended, with some 
        200 youths initiated into manhood. although much remains to be done, including 
        the rebuilding of schools and some world heritage features, an important 
        page appeared to have been turned despite occasional suicide bombings 
        in madagali and elsewhere. 
unfortunately, since july 2017 
        there is more and more evidence that boko haram is resurgent. although 
        sukur itself has not been attacked again, in august the margi village 
        of midlu, five kms from the foot of sukur mountain, was assaulted with 
        much robbery and destruction and seven of its inhabitants murdered. in 
        early december a much larger assault took place on the town of gulak, 
        the administrative center of madagli local government area located on 
        the main maiduguri - yola road and less than 15 km wnw of sukur. after 
        some hours of rapine and desctruction the town was retaken by the forces 
        of order. what this means for sukur and its neighbors is uncertain, but 
        it is a major setback.
further 
        information on the boko haram insurgency and the response to it is available 
        at and through the boko 
        haram victims relief website. 
acknowledgements
the field research upon which this web 
        site is founded was carried out between 1991 and 2008,  principally from 1992 to 1996. it was supported by the social science and humanities research 
        council of canada in the form of grants to the mandara archaeological 
        project (1984-2008). judy sterner's fieldwork was funded in part by the school of oriental and african studies and the university of london. 
          branwen hennig, james wade and xavier udo-utun contributed photographs, and ekkehard wolff 
          and paul newman provided wordlists of the sukur language. more recently we have been working with linguist michael f. thomas of washington state university to incorporate his knowledge of the sakun (sukur) language. we are grateful 
          to the nigerian commission for museums and monuments and to their staff 
          for permissions and assistance. our greatest debt is of course to 
          the late hidi (chief) gəzik kənakakaw 
              of sukur, to his people and to our sukur 
                assistants, all of whom graciously received us and made our stays 
              at sukur the supreme fieldwork experiences of our lives. hanu vena 
        !
we also thank the university of calgary 
        for its long term support of the mandara archaeological project and for 
      the hosting of this site.
 copyright notice
the material on this website is protected 
        by copyright. short extracts and up to five images may be freely used 
        by individuals for personal and educational purposes without permission. 
        more extensive use requires permission and fees are charged for commercial 
        use, with the proceeds less expenses going to benefit the people of sukur. 
        all such requests, together with any comments, should be directed to nicholas david at his email address 




 
 
 
 
 
left: the residence of the hidi (chief) 
      of sukur in august 1992.

 
 
 
 
 
 
 





 click on 
        the map above and a large scale map of sukur will open in a new screen. you can keep it  open and 
        refer to it as needed while you visit the site. 
         
  
        
      










































      top 
        of page





copyright © 2004-2020 nicholas david and judith sterner
          all rights reserved 










