










congregational holiness church, inc. - official website































































skip to content

congregational holiness church, inc.


























online giving











find a church











events





































online giving











find a church











events























 
homeabout us who we are government what we believe leadership becoming a chc ministerour churches find a church by district find a church by mapministries mission usa women’s ministries men’s ministries missionettes – girls ministries royal rangers – boys ministriesworld missions get more flags! africa malawi zimbabwe central america belize guatemala honduras el salvador nicaragua costa rica panamá north america mexico south america aruba brazil other countries programs missionary internship program motors for missions s.m.y.l.e. stories of missionscalendarresources becoming a chc minister ministers benevolent fund current ministry opportunities sunday school resources make a payment gospel messenger bible reading programs chc digital documentschc newscontact








 
















building the kingdom of god around the world



we rely on jesus christ to help us equip individuals for the work of the ministry by doing everything within our means to build the kingdom of god! 






















 
 








































































bishop
scotty poole













we must continue the faithwe are beginning our second 100 years as a denomination, and just like our beginning, we are facing the unknown of what tomorrow will hold.  so, we must continue the faith!  jude 1:3 says that we must contend for the faith once delivered, and 2 timothy 2:2 speaks of the perpetuation of passing that faith onto others. to continue the faith means we will never compromise on the word of god and the faith we receive. we will recognize the changes in the society around us and work to deliver the message of our faith so that it will be received and perpetuated. to continue the faith, we must become like the men of issachar and understand the time in which we live, and seek god to know what to do.
 

















stay connected with us!






sign up today and never miss important email updates about our organization.












first name*last name*email*


  




































headquarters location


3888 fayetteville highwaygriffin, georgia 30223. 



										get directions 									














office hours


monday - thursday8:00 a.m. - 5:00 p.m. (est)closed friday, saturday and sunday 










 
























connect with us
770-228-4833




















































congregational holiness church, inc. | website by ultimate web design









 

translate »



































