ï»¿






vddhh - virginia relay










    ï»¿skip to main navigation
skip to content

















 






home 

home
advisory board
code of ethics
needs assessment
code of virginia (law) establishing vddhh
administrative code (regulations) for vddhh
strategic plan
performance measures



interpreters 

interpreters services program
about interpreters
for consumers
for state agencies
for virginia courts
for qualified interpreters
find an interpreter


community services 

community services overview
ssp pilot project



vqas 

vqas overview
test registration



virginia relay	

about virginia relay
telecommunication relay service (trs)
captioned telephone service (cts)

other services

customer care
va relay partner
remote conference captioning
internet-based relay


va relay advisory council

va relay news

latest news
archived news





equipment

equipment
icanconnect


emergency preparedness






search this site:








vddhh home 
virginia relay






virginia relay






virginia relay is a free public service, virginia relay enables people who are deaf, hard of hearing, deafblind or speech disabled to communicate with standard telephone users. the conversation is relayed between the two by a specially trained virginia relay communications assistant (ca).
relay services are available 24 hours a day, 365 days per year, with no limit on the number or length of calls a user may make. by law, every call is handled with the strictest confidentiality. special features are available for speech-disabled, spanish-speaking and sign language users.

anyone can make a virginia relay call just by dialing 7-1-1


save time with a relay choice profile
virginia relay users can establish a personal profile that automatically lets the ca know their communication preferences, such as connection mode, customized greetings, frequently dialed numbers and long-distance billing information. all relay choice profile information is kept confidential, and multi-user relay choice profiles are available for several users calling from the same business or residence.
create a relay choice profile 





fcc, vddhh and hamilton relay
virginia relay is a public service of the commonwealth of virginia, virginia department for the deaf and hard of hearing (vddhh).   the federal communication commission (fcc) has certified vddhh as the telecommunication relay service (trs) administrator for the commonwealth.   the commonwealth of virginia contract with hamilton relay to provide virginia relay.   more information about hamilton relay    more information about trs under the federal communication commission.
 
join virginia relay partner!
connect your business with thousands of relay users by joining virginia relay partner, a free support program for virginia-based businesses.learn more
 
text-to-911
text-to-911 is the ability to correspond with the 911 center through text messages from your mobile phone or device. all four major wireless providers (verizon, at&t, sprint, & t-mobile) now offer the service, but current availability  depends on the area of the state where you live.

 
 












 
		

 



contact us

          1602 rolling hills drive, suite 203
          henrico, virginia 23229-5012
          phone: 804-662-9502
          toll free: 800-552-7917
          videophone: 804-325-1290

          1602 rolling hills drive, suite 203
          henrico, virginia 23229-5012
          phone: 804-662-9502
          toll free: 800-552-7917
          videophone: 804-325-1290
       send us a message




policies 
learn about our policies on gathering information, plug-ins and more.
foia | web use | accessibility


web standards
at a minimum, this web site meets section 508 and at least level a conformance to wcag 1.0. on january 18, 2017, the u.s. access board published a final rule as the new standard for website accessibility. the rule requires adherence to the new accessibility standards twelve months from its date of publication. vddhh is working towards wcag 2.0 level aa compliance.
the goals of the vddhh's accessibility plan are:

all new content posted on this website after january 18, 2018, will meet w3c’s wcag 2.0 level aa compliance.
all content posted prior to january 18, 2018, will be remediated to meet w3c’s wcag 2.0 level aa compliance as soon as possible






















© department for the deaf and hard of hearing, commonwealth of virginia.








 









