








welcome to geva! - geva, inc. equine retirement foundation


























skip to main content
















geva’s horses
donations
wish list
services

clinics & seminars
equine legal matters & contracts
expert witness & consultation
farm tours
horse & foal registration
re-schooling & problem solving
retirement boarding & lay-ups
vocational training with horses


about geva

geva news
life at geva
links
shark’s perspective
special memories


home
 







welcome to geva!

poseidon’s son
our mission
geva provides retirement homes for injured, retired, and abused horses, or horses just in need of a home. geva is also now recognized as a sanctuary by the global federation of animal sanctuaries (gfas).
if you have a soft spot in your heart for horses and are concerned about what happens to them when they can no longer perform or are no longer wanted, please join us in taking care of them, through volunteering or donations. if you are interested in a career or vocation working with horses, we have a variety of programs to offer you. contact us for more information.

pledge support for geva
when you pledge monthly support for geva, you will be helping provide for the recurring expenses and be a pillar of support for the organization. we appreciate your support!

donate: $10/month $25/month $50/month







categories

horses

news

shark's perspective

special memories




recent posts


farewell to the barking shark


shark’s last perspective


shark’s perspective: on fixing problems


dentistry day october


the global federation of animal sanctuaries (gfas) awards accredited status to glen ellen vocational academy (geva)


donate to gevayour donation is tax deductible and will be used to provide feed, housing, and medical care for the horses of geva.













join our mailing list
email address: 


leave this field empty if you're human:  




 








 
geva inc.
post office box 2101, glen ellen, ca 95442
phone: (707) 527-8092 e-mail: gef@vom.com

 















