

 





union county new jersey (nj) divorce lawyer | family | matrimonial | child abduction | attorney












































































 

 call us today (973) 467-3200
click to call






search for:



menumenuhomeabout

elliot h. gourvitzari h. gourvitzmelissa gourvitztestimonialsselecting the best attorney
practice areas





family law

divorcechild abduction attorney (ny, nj, vt and nationally)custody and parenting timechild supportchild relocation-interstate removalalimonyretirement and effect on alimonyhigh net worth divorcesequitable distributionenforcing marital settlement agreementspost judgmentemancipationcollege contributionprenuptialscohabitationlgbtqa issuesappealsalternative dispute resolution 
 


international child abduction lawyer-hague convention (ny, nj, vt, nationally)domestic tortsappealsdomestic violencecivil litigation and complex commercial transactions 
 

court decisionsnewsfirm publications

articlesbooksseminars and lectures
contact usblog













family law



how do i choose a family law attorney?
should i choose a general practitioner or one that specializes in family law?
do i need a local attorney or can i retain an attorney that is not in my county?
how long does a family law matter take?
what constitutes a family law matter?


how do i get a court to award me custody and child support?
what is the amount of child support i will receive?
what is the difference between alimony and palimony?
when i get married, do i need a prenuptial agreement?
what is a postnuptial agreement?



read more







divorce



is my spouse entitled to part of my business?
what do i do to protect myself financially?
how do i protect my assets?
does it matter who files for divocrce first?
can i leave the house, should i?


can i date during separation?
how is the amount of support determined?
can my spouse take children out of state permanently? temporarily?
who gets custody of the children?
how is spousal (alimony) and child support calculated?



read more



international child abduction/hague convention



what do i do if my child(ren) was abducted?
what is the hague convention?
can the hague convention help me get my child(ren) back?
what is the uccjea?
what laws are there that prevent child abduction?


what defenses do i have if i was served with a hague convention complaint?
what can i do if my child has been taken to the united states from my country?
where do i file a hague convention complaint?
if my ex-spouse wants to take our child(ren) out of the country, what steps do i take to ensure my child(ren) is returned?
if i fear my child(ren) will be abducted, what steps can i take to prevent abduction?



read more



domestic violence



what constitutes domestic violence?
if domestic violence is committed against me, where do i go for protection?
if i obtain a restraining order, does it protect me or my children and family?
when should i hire an attorney to help me?  before or after i receive a temporary restraining order?
should i file a domestic violence complaint?


if i am served with a temporary restraining order, what do i do?   do i need an attorney?
how will a restraining order affect child custody?
is child abuse domestic violence?
i haven’t been hit.  does that mean it is not domestic violence?
is mental and verbal abuse domestic violence?



read more



domestic torts



what is a domestic tort? what constitutes a domestic tort?
 do i have to file for a domestic tort when i file my divorce complaint?
can any divorce attorney handle a domestic tort case?
what are the benefits of filing a domestic tort case?
besides assault and battery, is mental anguish a domestic tort?


is transmission of a disease a domestic tort?
is wiretapping a domestic tort?
is liable and slander a domestic tort?
is dissipation of marital assets a domestic tort?
what do i need to prove a domestic tort?



read more



appeals



if i lose my court case, can i appeal the decision to a higher court?
how long do i have to file an appeal of a court order?
what is an interlocutory order?
do i have grounds to appeal?
what are my chances of winning an appeal?


where is an appeal filed?
how long does an appeal take?
what is involved in preparing an appeal?
if my spouse files an appeal, should i just answer it or file a cross-appeal?
should i use my previous attorney or should i use an attorney that specializes in appeals



read more



civil litigation



what is civil litigation?
what is my case worth?
how does an attorney evaluate my case to see what my damages are worth?
do i file in federal or state court?
what are my chances of winning or losing?


do i need a lawyer that specializes to institute suit on my behalf?
how do i verify the credentials of an attorney i want to retain?
how much will civil litigation cost?
do i have a choice of paying an hourly fee or a contingency fee?
if i win, does the defendant pay my fees and costs?  if i lose, do i pay the defendant’s fees and costs



read more

















gourvitz & gourvitz has a reputation forprofessionalism and their aggressiverepresentation of clients.
gourvitz & gourvitz, llc. represents individuals in new jersey, new york, nationally, and internationally in the broad spectrum of family legal matters. they appear frequently in state and federal courts in cases involving every facet of family and divorce law. they are particularly well known for their aggressive representation of clients.
the firm has vast experience and concentrates its practice in divorce, domestic violence and in cases involving abduction of children and removal of children, has extensive ability to find and locate the children and have them returned to their rightful parents.
firm successesthe firm has:

successfully petitions southern district of new york order return of children wrongfully retained in new york city to norway after trial.
successfully had a woman and her children relocate to florida despite court expert’s recommendation for them to stay in new jersey.
successfully thwarted illegal support order issued by grand duchy of luxembourg.
successfully located and returned an abducted child to denmark.
successfully stopped the return of a child to the united kingdom where she was sexually abused.
successfully found and located abducted child and had her returned through the new york supreme court to father in cardiff, wales.
successfully voided muslim mahr agreement in new jersey courts.
successfully stopped italian court from deciding alimony reduction despite both parties living in italy.
successfully enforced french support order against swiss father.
successfully stopped wife with proceeding with divorce in india.
successfully found and reunited father with abducted child from israel.
successfully protected a women who sought sanctuary in new jersey from maryland against domestic abuse.
successfully found and located a kidnapped child from trinidad to the united states and had the court order her return.
successfully located a child taken to wilderness of peru by the mother and returned to the united states where the court awarded custody to the father.
successfully prevented a child from being abducted to japan by obtaining a koseki from japan utilizing self-help and meeting at the japan consulate to prevent a passport from being issued.
successfully had the fbi board a plane on the tarmac of newark airport to seize a child who was illegally taken to brazil.
successfully, through self-help, had a child legally returned to the netherlands.
successfully had the court compel the return of children from switzerland.
successfully had the state court grant the mother’s relocation to italy with her two children.
successfully had the court grant a mother’s relocation with her children to russia.
successfully had the court prevent a mother from abducting her children to russia.
successfully had a court prevent two children from being returned to paraguay.
successfully prevented a child from being returned to argentina to a pedophile father, only after two trials and a federal appeal.
successfully had a court grant visitation to a father who lives in malaysia and singapore.
successfully compelled, through court action, support from a father living in hong kong.
successfully returned a child to the mother who was the sole custodian after the child was abducted from pennsylvania to new jersey by the maternal grandparents.
successfully had the interstate removal of a mother and child with her new husband move from nj to alabama.


testimonials
“very fortunate”dear elliot and ari,thank you for forwarding this article and photo regarding the [client’s] case from norway. we want to thank you for all of the time and effort you spent on this case and for the advocacy that you provided to the [client].mr. [client] was very fortunate to have you as his counsel, and we are fortunate that you choose to participate in the hague convention attorney network!sincerely, legal assistance program – coordinator u.s. department of state | bureau of consular affairs | u.s. central authority for the hague convention on the civil aspects of international child abductionsimply the bestin one of the most stressful times in a person’s life it is imperative that you have attorneys that you can trust and always work for your best interest and that is elliot and ari gourvitz. they made sure i knew every aspect of what to expect and how to navigate a very complicated process. it has been over 10 years since my divorce and i can still pick up the phone and speak to ari and know that i will receive the same forthright advice that i became accustomed to during the actual proceedings. if you have to go through the process go through it with gourvitz & gourvitz.dave formidable professional!elliot gourvitz is a formidable professional! during one of the toughest times in my life he and his staff made me feel protected and secure despite the mire of divorce. i recommend him and his staff should you find yourself in need of representation.a.m.handle delicate situations with professionalism and compassiondear elliot,over the past twenty five years i have had the need of your services in dealing with my divorce. you have made a horrible situation livable. your total professional approach to this client’s problem and concern has afforded me peace of mind. i say thank you for attorneys like you, who handle delicate situations with professionalism and compassion.god bless you!hank.great representation!!!ari and elliot did a fabulous job for me. not only did i have great representation, i gained an extension of a family.e.p.highly professionalover the last few years, on three different occasions, i have used the services of the attorneys at gourvitz & gourvitz. in each instance, i have found them to be highly professional, well versed in the law and very expedient in bringing a satisfactory resolution to my cases. i will not hesitate to recommend gourvitz & gourvitz to any one in need of competent legal services.blthey stood by my sidethe firm of gourvitz & gourvitz is the legal industries platinum standard. when i was going through my divorce, ari gourvitz and elliot gourvitz ensured i was represented at the highest level possible. moreover, they stood by my side in every facet both legally and emotionally. i strongly suggest if you are looking for the finest representation possible; you start and end your search with gourvitz & gourvitz.kevinyou will not be disappointedthey’ll go balls to the wall for their clients!! you will not be in better hands. you will not find sharper minds. you will not experience lack of caring. you will not be disappointed.t.cextremely happyi am extremely happy with my experience with this firm. the staff always kept me informed and had my son’s best interest in mind and i am beyond pleased with the outcome of my case, they truly do “think outside the box” and i am comforted to know i have them in my corner.athank you elliot, ari and kellyi have worked with gourvitz and gourvitz for 14 years, and during that time, i have felt that their expertise, and management of my case has been exemplary. they care for me and my case in a way i feel that a father, brother or sister would take care of their own. thank you elliot, ari and kelly.leslieeffective advocatefew lawyers that i have encountered in the last 45 years are as effective an advocate as elliot.john trombadore, esqpremier matrimonial lawyerselliot has been one of the premier matrimonial lawyers and can settle or try your case whichever needed.cary cheifetz, esqtestimonial“glad the kids in nj have you in their corner!”j.m., safety consultant and child safety advocatefabulous firmfabulous firm that treats you like family.chris p.a rarity among lawyersi first met elliot gourvitz in 1979 when i asked him to handle my divorce.  when we finally got to court, i was amazed at his grasp of the case and his powers of persuasion over the judge. we subsequently won the case which was appealed, remanded, and appealed again – – all of which we won.  since that time, i have used his skills in various other matters of mine, and we have become close friends.he is a rarity among lawyers.  he cares for his clients and puts them first in all matters.henry finelligreat attorney!as a father trying to gain shared parental custody you automatically feel like the cards are stacked up against you. ari and the staff at gourvitz & gourvitz made me feel like i had a chance. i didn’t want to be a weekend dad. ari listened to my case and fought for my rights against false claims and misrepresentations.i thank ari for a great job as i was granted temporary residential custody of my son after a 3 year long hard fought battle.lamaran extremely professional teami have used the gourvitz team for the chancery court for my personal divorce and i have used them in superior court for business related litigation. both times they aggressively represented my interests and i was happy with their representation of my goals.robertno nonsense attorneyi highly recommend this law firm. they are on the ball. mr. gourvitz’s actions proved that he just won’t take “no” for an answer. this firm acted swiftly to every detail, every motion, involving on my case. mr gourvitz knows how to get to the nitty-gritty without all the nonsense. in the end, i got a positive settlement on a case that no other attorney wanted to touch.dawngreat worki hired ari on two separate occasions – the first for my divorce and the second for a child removal action several years later. ari is terrific at returning phone calls and answering questions, but for me, his most important strengths are his tenacity and aggressiveness. i was highly pleased with his work.m.l.i finally got the right law!ari took over after i finally got totally fed up with my original lawyer and got things back on track and and then things were resolved within six months. wish i had heard of him a year earlier.carlafreedom!!! and happy ever after…i am very grateful to mr gourvitz for giving me back my freedom. the day at our first meeting mr gourvitz advised me of possible outcome of my minor child relocation case. mr gourvitz also explained to my ex husband this possible result but my stubborn ex decided to fight me on every aspect of our disagreement. so we ended up in court and trial and the process has taken 15 months. after those month though the outcome was exactly as mr gourvitz advised on the 1st day we met which demonstrates mr gourvitz knowledge and ability to evaluate the trial decisions. he was honest and tried to help me settle the matter out of court but again my ex did not want to hear anything. so after couple of days of remarkable performance mr gourvitz set me free from my ex control and i was allowed to relocate to russia with my 2 year old daughter! how brilliant is that! i paid dear for my freedom but this was the best investment i made in my life! and i thank mr gourvitz for holding my hand and walking along with me through the entire time of this painful and disturbing divorce time.lidiafinding a good lawyerafter burning through 5 lawyers in two countries and three states i finally found ari and elliot gourvitz. guys, if you think you’re going to get divorced and that’s the end of it, think again. ari and elliot have stuck by me through thick and thin for over 15 years. i can’t imagine working with anyone else. i give both of them my heartiest recommendation.andrew d.very caring and accessibleari was very understanding, caring and accessible in times of need and consulting of my divorce. i am very pleased with the work he was able to do for me. sally



schedule a consultation

name*


first



last

phone*email*

messageconsent* i agree to the website terms of use. do not send confidential information using this form*captcha
  











δ






nj divorce lawyer practice areas new jersey family law family law matters including divorce, child custody, child support, alimony https://www.gourvitz.com/practice-areas/family-law/



 new jersey divorce uncontested divorce, contested divorce, high asset divorcehttps://www.gourvitz.com/practice-areas/family-law/divorce/



 international child abduction/hague convention international kidnapping by a parent, hague convention on the civil aspects of international child abduction https://www.gourvitz.com/practice-areas/international-child-abduction-lawyer-hague-convention/



 domestic torts and domestic violence  new jersey domestic tort tevis claims.  new jersey domestic violence act representation of victims and defendants https://www.gourvitz.com/practice-areas/domestic-torts/ state and federal family law related appeals appeal courts review a decision of a lower trial court or appellate court and uphold or overturn the decision based on records already presented at trialhttps://www.gourvitz.com/practice-areas/appeals/



 civil litigation litigation of matters including divorce litigation, business law, and other civil matters 







 a family of lawyers handling
family law matters





read more
call us today (973) 467-3200
click to call











 


ari h. gourvitz


 




















news/blog 












gourvitz firm prevents deportation of children to germany in federal court victory


by ari gourvitz
			 / september 16, 2024		












ari gourvitz secures child’s return under the hague convention despite challenging circumstances


by ari gourvitz
			 / september 16, 2024		












gourvitz firm thwarts attempt to return child to brazil


by ari gourvitz
			 / september 16, 2024		












successful hague convention case: child returned to bulgaria after unlawful removal to new jersey


by ari gourvitz
			 / september 5, 2024		












father’s heartfelt decision: allowing daughter to stay in the u.s. for ballet school after hague petition


by ari gourvitz
			 / september 5, 2024		




gourvitz firm has us court of appeals for the 2nd circuit affirm return of two children to norway to be  reunited with their father


by ari gourvitz
			 / december 24, 2019		




parental kidnapping and the age of the child


by ari gourvitz
			 / may 22, 2019		












gourvitz & gourvitz receives recognition from the us department of state, bureau of consular affairs in norwegian child abduction case


by ari gourvitz
			 / may 15, 2019		









do parents need permission from the other parent to take their children on an international vacation?


by ari gourvitz
			 / may 10, 2019		












gourvitz firm obtains southern district of new york order for the return of two children to norway to be reunited with their father


by ari gourvitz
			 / may 2, 2019		

 






as seen in
























































 contact
gourvitz & gourvitz llc.



new jersey
505 morris avenue
suite 102
springfield, new jersey 07081
telephone: (973) 467-3200
new york: (212) 586-1700
fax: (973) 467-4091
info@gourvitz.com

new york
telephone: (212) 586-1700
info@gourvitz.com




 

we accept

pay your invoice
*note that no aspect of super lawyer’s and avvo advertisement have been approved by the supreme court of new jersey. click here to view the awards and methodology of super lawyer’s and avvo.

 











	a family of lawyers handling family law matters
terms of use | sitemap
© 2025 by gourvitz & gourvitz llc. all rights reserved.
attorney website design by legal web design






















































