







index








              glanc - you dirtbag. ever hear this "the pen is mightier than the sword."
              i am "the pen." now i write you into history. you called me a "liar" -
              back it up with fact . asshole !!! you are a liar along with nadine child,
              and your lowlife employer.  and i can back it up with fact !!!  in my
              opinion - you are, as far as i'm concerned and based on fact: the
              biggest slime that walks the earth. and i will write you in history as
              such. by the way - aaron gloub should buy you a new pair of shoes. you
              have no style. hahaha.  i laugh in your face and i do it in public.
              see !  and by the way - alberto rizzo spits on your grave. this is america.
              ever hear of the 1st amendment right ??? you will never take that from
              me.  never !!!!  nadine child vs richard renda.  i will give the fashion
              industry a good name. and it will be ... totally cool ®.   nadine child ...
              you and your team of liars lost.  but you still have to answer to
              life, the universe, time, and your maker.  for eternity !  may you forever
              rot in hell.






















              nehemiah glanc - you taunted me on the 12th floor at the elevators in the courthouse jan. 29,
              2008 with your childish "loser loser loser" act.  and guess what ?  it is not part of discovery :  )
              and we know that story is going to be told.  debra james should hear about it all, as should the
              world - especially what you did at the elevator. since you used debra to do that.  and also how -
              in the case- you made everything up and used the court to launch a massive fraud, a case of
              deceit, as the facts will show.  a malicious misuse of judicial process. all the public or we
              have to do is look side by side at the initially filed nadine complaint laced with fraud and the
              fabricated amended complaint that followed. but a fact, not opinion -- where truth and life
              are concerned.  and ... in the name of life itself - i will prove it.  you try to cover up history.
              now history will expose you for what you are and the things you all chose to do.  (what did the
              appellate court find ? what was their reference ?)  "artificial construction", so noted.
              lacks substance.  "you can control some of the people some of the time. but you can not control
              all the people all the time." a well know statement belonging to the general public.  and you
              surely can't control everybody in the world :  ) ever hear this: "the pen is mightier than the
              sword."  i am "the pen." history writes you into eternity ... for what you are, as it does most
              people in the modern age.  you called me a "liar" when i am not. so back your "strained"
              fabrications up with fact.  all you know is paper games.  only smoke and mirrors.  show the
              case, without limitations, to a jury. show the facts. not the lies you made up that have surely
              been exposed.  what are you afraid of - the truth ?  because it exposes everything, the lies and
              the smoke and mirrors ? and others can come to their own conclusion. the appellate court did !
              (89 n.y.2d 1074, 681 n.e.2d 1282, 659 n.y.s.2d 836 (1997).  you presented lies, and worse -
              covering up for a liar. and many can back that up with more fact. history.  by the way,
              from an editorial director's professional opinion and from professional fashion stylist experience
              - aaron richard golub (the office you work from) should buy you a new pair of shoes.  no style
              at all. so true.  i laugh in your face at the lies you tell and i will always be happy to show
              them to the public or in what is supposed to be the holiest place in the land: the courtroom.
              how did the appellate court determine your presentation in their authority: "artificial
              construction." and "strained" frabications.  we haven't even begun.  by the way - alberto
              rizzo would have plenty to say. this is america.  ever hear of the 1st amendment or the 1st
              amendment right ? ever hear of the word: truth ? you will never take that from me.  never
              !!!!   nadine child vs totally cool (richard renda). i will give the fashion industry a good name.
              and i wil give life a good name. as it is and as it will always be - "totally cool ®"





              oh i guess the nadine child, in nadine child vs richard renda, forgot to tell you i don't scare.
              ever.  and there is nothing you can take from me. so you lose in every way.  and work for
              nothing.  you work to hide the truth. transcripts prove that.  talk about stupid.  facts and history
              are not stupid - they are educational for generations to come. you should have walked away
              when you had the chance.  did we see her in the praying position ? or should i show you a
              picture. religious significance.  depicts - u.s. constitution 1st amendment right also.

























              history has a right to be told. and what happens in history has a right to be known. you have
              the right to tell of the things that happen in your life -- and of the who does what to it. but some
              people think you should not have the right to tell of the things that bad people do or even the
              right to free speech. they call that: the cover ups.  let the frauds and the liars be exposed
              - in whatever they do. it is all about that word america holds up so highly: transparency. and
              with it (not to be forgotten) the ill wills and the what happens in what is called "the process."
              simple, when your right is taken away - well ... what comes next.


              this is just the tip of the iceberg.  "the value of truth."  a story to be told.



















              a jury trial did take
              place in supreme
              court in
              manhattan,


              new york. nadine
              child lost.


              see below.



















              you should have
              committed the suicide
              instead to pretending to.
              at least you would have
              saved yourself from
              swearing to god under
              oath and then lying more,
              being a terrible actress
              wannabe, and putting
              another sain on your soul
              that will remain forever !
              nadine child ... hide
              your face in shame !!!!! it
              is written on official
              transcript - the lies so
              deep and profound.
              history will never
              forget ! none of you
              -- ever !!!!!!!!!


              our pleasure.


















              history has a right to be told.
              and what happens in history has a
              right to be known. simple when
              that right is taken away -- well
              what comes next. the history
              blogger --


              this is just the tip of the iceberg.











              in the swim











              totally cool.  a richard renda
              production. totally cool - the
              official editorial authority.










              totally cool - totally cool ... very totally cool ... totally cool ... and more ... totally
              cool ®. everything totally cool.  and everything not cool.  the where you can
              learn the story ... what not to be like.  the original totally cool ®.  the official
              totally cool  ®  registered trademark, 1994.  why get a fake, when you can
              have the real thing.  totally cool ®.

















              bizarre.
              nadine
              child




              the child
              in me












              the interruption. "fake
              things" mingzhi yang












              the issue ...  2005
              into 2006
















              fun fashion:











              the "megazine"
              magazine

















              www.myspace.com/theoriginaltotallycool

























              fun holiday pics
              click here














              many


              media networks or content


              providers around the world, when they have


              someone on the news or they have an exclusive


              story, it is all about them -- that "they got."  when you
make it to the crossroads of totally cool ® it does not
              say anything about us.  what it does is ... it says
              everything about you.
















              people & faces
















              .net










              a magazine in tv land - a magazine


              in space.  a magazine by professionals.



              a magazine



              and more.  stay tuned.










              totally cool ®











              is an international registered trademark.










              ready ?










              set !










              what ? ...











              can i come in ???










              totally cool ®











              the original home of
              "always good news
              all the time"
















              totally cool ®











              talks










              totally cool ®











              the 2nd decade.










              okay. okay.










              you can have a peek -










              we are always in our
              construction boots.



              in the presentation
              mode.  so, you'll have



              to excussse us.  what
              kind ?  timberland.



              of course.  hers may be
              rockport's !












              go











              totally cool ®











              enter















              steven tyler "aerosmith"
              and "totally cool ® "



              richard david renda


              photo credit:


              cheryl gorski.













              www.totallycool.net


              theoriginaltotallycool.com


              totally cool ® the magazine.



              a division of totally cool ®
broadcast programing.


              a registered trademark:


              ® 2012 richard renda



              fun productions










              the


              editorial project


              c. 1994 - 2004















              broadcast  programing














              every time you click that button "save as" -- think -- about the world.


              the universe dictates.  the computer teaches.  "learn to save."  or ...it will be gone.






























              you are here


              totallycool.net











              the tc net












              video library












              archives











              if the music is too loud, turn the volume down on "your computer"


              little speaker icon lower right corner of your computer screen ? click on it.  adjust.











              totally cool ®

















              programing











              you are here














              this is go

















              the butterfly












              "message from a friend"











              "save as"











              the oak and the willow











              "a magazine from the universe ...


              for the global community."










              "something that comes from the heart."










              totally cool ®












              nyc fashion "special" tid bits plus












              tid bits index












              nyc 2000 ... an event












              ground zero
              mosquito point

















              fashion around the world
















              fun stories










              go in thru anything
              that is red.... and



              enjoy the wonder.



              it is hot ! totally
              cool ®












              before
              you die

















              the press corp











              no, it is not a photoshop picture.










              the official registered trademark











              the mag
              covers











              special
section




              click pic











the party
continues











              credit list











              hope you are
              enjoying this
              new year !

















              miss america











              people faces &
              friends - (special)











              a dad's
              poem












              victoria's




              secret - the




              cornerstone












              the brick











              for anyone who is mistreated by any
              public relations power trips ...
              remember this: "when one person
              says "no", there are 10 others that
              will say "yes."


              good people will want you there.















              we will miss you


              geoffrey beene


              alberto rizzo


              2004











































              richard renda had geoffrey beene sign a book with this
              inscription "to the people of the world" and he wrote
              "lots of love" - geoffrey beene.  that says it all.















              master photographer alberto rizzo
              with long time companion robin
              narvaez










              alberto shooting the mag.


              for the love of it.










              what do you mean shoot more ?!!










              dear geoffrey beene ... dear alberto rizzo -- you have moved on to a greater universe and found
              you are still alive -- we will never forget you.  "thank you" for all your support and all your
              kindness.  from all of us in the many worlds of totally cool ®.


              (few people treat me good in


              this world.  both of you treated me like i was wanted, like i belonged.  tears on my pillow - richard)










              harper's bazaar (january 1970)
              and nadine by ... alberto rizzo










              appreciate


              the world
              around you











              recovery












              the ... 9-11 editorial












              alberto rizzo











              the tv show airs sunday evenings at 10 pm
(edt) on manhattan time warner cable channel 56
              and rcn ch. 83. online edt same time as above at
              www.mnn.org - "mnn2 / ch.56" -- 7 p.m. pst











              float around.
enjoy the endless
              wonder of special
              treats inside these
              many worlds.











              this place
              we call
              earth.










              photos of  alberto
              rizzo and mr. beene by
              richard david renda.
              bazaar cover:


              alberto rizzo











              just the facts please.




              tom, this is for you.




              link ... as promised.
              email jan. 9 & 10.












              walking in the sky












              health matters




              the ribavirin story












              party bike












              lassen art












              slick art












              i'll still be me












              cellie's world












              the sweat shop












              other fun stories












              n.y.c. apples












              totem turquosie












              ramps & amps












              elvis lives












              village test












              what is a lie












              google this !












              mr. beene















              victoria's secret holiday












              - victoria's secret -




              the full story. extending "a look"












              american museum of natural
              history - a place for a party












              mac art body paint












              to realize










              1st profile below is open to the public. 2nd is more profound.
              you are invited.











              over 25 videos for you










              here is over 100 videos











              darwin:  the origin












              project runway












              sushi twist












              ride 4 america




              revelation reality




              the 4 horsemen












              the domelet












              perdis makeup












              the dedication
              the men in black











              the editorial project continues.











              2007 mag
special edition












              mama toi's chicken












              newscontent.com











              this is just to see


              if we are ready


              to go ???










              totally cool ®














              devon aoki













              kirstie kelly










              have fun











              www.myspace.com/originaltotallycool











              "a legend
in time"










              " with 2 eyes on the world. "










              stay
              tuned













              the


              lie


              vs


              the


              truth













              nadine


              child


              vs


              totally


              cool
















              this is now an archive site with tons of stuff to have fun with. when you're stressed or just
              need a break from the everyday duties of life you can float around here for hours.














              some great shit

















              stand alone pages












              the last hurrah












              soldiers wish












              to the




              mag covers


















              suspended
              in silk












              what is god ?




              what is religion












              what we see












              pretty eyes
















              for some videos
              try










              or for some
              more fun


              click the pic











              h&m fun











              this site was launched at a time when there weren't many software website building options
              and technology was very much in its infancy stages. so the best explanation is it is like a
              canvas with an artist at work. if you get lost just come back to the beginning (the main page
              here) and retrace your steps. you could spend days here and still not see everything - but
              what an adventure :  ) have fun and enjoy the treasures you will find.
















              going forward we will be launching: totallycool.org which will continue as "the official editorial
              authority" and a totally cool ® video site that will feature many of the tv segments we have
              done on time warner cable over the years. also there will be many new things featured -- all


              in the spirit of fun ! stay tuned. if you want to see some video of things we have done you can
              do that at: youtube.com/totallycooltv and myspace.com (link below), also ... newscontent.com

























              if you think you have "freedom of speech" or rights in america - you are wrong, fooling yourself.  it is all an illusion. smoke
              and mirrors.  you don't have rights.  because someone will try and take them away and -- control you.  if you want them
              you have to fight for them.  we give ... life ... meaning, great meaning !










              this (the george carlin link below) comes directly from the summer 2003 totally cool ®
              magazine.  i remembered writing this piece up and decided i would see if i could find it.
              lo and behold - found.  take a read. (click link in red.)





              and remember -- we were here and ... good people should not be forgotten.


              but bad people should be shown for what they are. so be it.


              those that cover up what is are those who should be exposed.


              hence the balance in life.





              the good people in life should be honored.





              with love.





              totally cool ®


              aka


              richard david renda





              in memory of a great comedian - george carlin 1937 - 2008

















              http://www.totallycool.net/sumsabina03.html   (case sensitive)




















              eidtorial: this case is more important than just the surface view.





              yes nadinie child and her attorneys lied (outright) when they filed a formal suit


              and said nadine only discovered the photographs at issue in the summer of 2005.
              nadine child and her attorneys knew all along that the pics were up on the web and
              published in the year 2000.  was there any justice served ? no. except a full supreme
              court trial that was commenced in the state of new york took place june 2011 with a
              jury of 6 and 2 alternates. they, the jury, heard the evidence along with testimony from
              witnesses and voted against nadine child and her attorneys of "artificial construction"
              on all accounts. she lost. you won !





              (issue summer 2000 tc magazine fashion story: "summer movement")





              plus to add to everything else, it was nadine child and her attorneys who called her


              a stripper and implied she had involvement with a stripper's pole and no one else at all
              implied that - only them.





              what is the ironic thing is there is no such thing as a "stripper's pole"


              unless a dancer is actually stripping on a pole - then it may be referred to


              as a stripper's pole - otherwise it is a "dancer's pole."





              and surely a web building software program divider is not a "stripper's pole "


              unless you do believe, like glanc would have you believe: the moon is made of green
              cheese.





              but as we said: this case is more important than just surface view.  it is important,


              paramont important ... because it does involve everyone who ever takes a photograph
              in the future again and everyone who even posts a photograph on the web or
              anywhere else. and that justice, "freedom of speech", and expression has a right to
              exist fairly. not that it be intimidated into being confined to a little sandbox, controlled
              by fear, or threats - or beaten down by liars and those who would look to play the game
              of cover ups to excel in their own deceits.





              this is all about the world - it is about you.  and it is about true justice. that one day
              justice do have its day for all.





              this is no joke. this is serious. and this is for all humankind. and for everyone who


              in good faith and within the boundries of the law would like to take a photograph and


              preserve the moment or history.





              to be continued ...
















              re: nadine child vs totally cool  ® 2005 - 2011 ... new york state supreme court. new
              york, new york.  of course nadine child and her partners of lies - lost !!!!  like the lying
              slobs they were and are.  so noted.





























              press




              release,




              history,




              biographies
















              =====================================================================










              - welcome -










on page ... editorial music credit:



              meatloaf iii -- onvirgin records
















              the


              truth


              wins














              hyperdrive index



              vortex portals


              select stories


              and other activities ...








you need a java-enabled browser to hear audio clips on this page.



