


derf content, blog-style (www.derf.net)







www.derf.net /















derf content, blog-style









danger
  ...   phone photos , signs

sun 2005-dec-18 14:58:08 pst
  ...   permalink






"... use of cellular phones during vehicle refueling ... may cause fires or explosions ..."




mail me
  ...   comments (4)





he loves me... he loves me not
  ...   movie reviews

tue 2005-nov-08 01:37:41 pst
  ...   permalink




sunday night we watched he
loves me... he loves me not (french title: a la
folie... pas du tout).  it was good, though it suffered a bit from
the "plot summary reveals too much" problem -- i think i would have
liked it better if i'd known less going in.


<spoiler detail="medium">

( what i would have preferred not to have known )

</spoiler>


in any case, as usual, audrey tautou gives a good performance, and
she's reason enough to see it.




mail me
  ...   comments (1)





serenity
  ...   movie reviews , spoiler_low

sun 2005-oct-23 23:20:22 pdt
  ...   permalink




after watching the firefly series dvds over the last six weeks
or so, last night we went to see serenity.
it rocked.


<spoiler detail="low">

( a few thoughts )

</spoiler>


definitely highly recommended, along with the series -- even to people
who are not fans of science fiction.  (of course, i suspect that a
good deal of my readership is comprised of bigger sci-fi fans than me,
and saw both the series and the film well before i did!)




mail me
  ...   comments (1)





adventures in job-search juggling
  ...   100% true stories , from_the_archives

thu 2005-oct-20 15:03:28 pdt
  ...   permalink




in july of 2001, i was looking for a job.  here's an email i sent one
day back then:



so i finally tried out something a friend of mine had suggested for
how to get the nice people at tivo to notice me.



i went to the tivo headquarters about 11:45, armed with bean bags,
clubs, resumes, and a little sign that says "software engineer for
hire" clipped to my shirt.  i stood in front of the the main lobby,
and started juggling five balls.  a few people walked back and forth
between the two buildings (whose entrances are right next to each
other, on the corners of the two buildings), and seemed to look at me
somewhat amusedly...  i said "how's it going" to a few of them, but
they didn't really respond.  after five or ten minutes, a guy comes
out -- looks like an engineering type -- and he comes up to me and
says "what do you do?"  i said "mostly java, server-side stuff", we
said a few more things, he introduced himself as richard, and then he
said "i'll go see if i can get some engineering managers out here".
woohoo!



so he brought out four different people (one, then one, then two),
which was convenient because i'd only brought four copies of my
resume!  i talked with them about my background and stuff, and they
all four seemed pretty impressed, like they would certainly be
interested in having me in to interview, except they're in a hiring
freeze.  d'oh.  interestingly, richard said that it was the vp of hr
that had told him, "there's this guy juggling out there, you gotta go
talk to him!"



one of the last two guys gave me a tour.  they're pretty small, but it
looked like a cool, fun place...



so all in all, it was pretty much as successful as i could have hoped
for, except for the damn hiring freeze.  they all said they would hold
on to my resume...  one said he guessed it would be a month or two
before they'd be able to hire anyone.  sigh.



so anyway, i think what i need to do now is go back through the other
companies that i sent my resume to and never heard back from, and
consider using this approach at each of them!



i didn't in fact ever hear anything back from the tivo folks, and i
also didn't in fact ever try again to exploit my juggling skills to
get a software job.  but hey, made for a nice story.




mail me
  ...   comments (1)





panic
  ...   movie reviews

sun 2005-oct-16 12:20:10 pdt
  ...   permalink




yesterday we watched the strangely-titled panic.  i'd
never heard of it before, but based on the description -- something
like, "a hitman (william h. macy) having a midlife crisis starts
seeing a therapist (john ritter), and falls in love with another
patient (neve campbell)" -- i thought it sounded interesting, though
my expectations were not high.  it actually turned out to be quite
good.



i think i've generally seen william h. macy in supporting roles; not
sure if i've seen him as the central character of anything.  but in
any case, the idea of him playing a hitman struck me as humorously
incongruous when i heard the plot summary.  but his character turns
out to be fairly similar to other roles he's played in how he relates
to other people, if not in occupation.  and he really makes the story
believable even though when you think about it, it's fairly absurd.



the boy who plays his son is also great.  he's the actor who later
played the kid in the ring.  also good performances by donald
sutherland (as macy's father) and neve campbell.



anyway, the story drew me in.  the premise could have been "hitman
sees a therapist, hilarity ensues", but it didn't go that route.  and
that was a good thing.




mail me
  ...   comments (1)





3 percent
  ...   phone photos

sun 2005-oct-02 17:42:14 pdt
  ...   permalink






"3 percent" on suv trailer hitch




mail me
  ...   comments (2)





silly warning signs
  ...   elsewhere on the web , from_the_archives , signs

mon 2003-jun-09
  ...   permalink




here are some silly warning signs i made with safety
sign builder, a tool that seems perfectly designed for being used
for something it wasn't designed for.



( small images and printable pdfs of them )




mail me
  ...   comments (7)





archives
  ...   blog-on-blog action , new_feature

thu 2005-sep-29 17:54:06 pdt
  ...   permalink




further enhancement to simplify browsing around old entries in my
blog: at the bottom of the front page (and other pages which aggregate
entries, like section and tag pages), you can now jump back to earlier
entries.  (used to be that the front page had the most recent 20
entries, and anything further back was a little trickier to navigate
to...)



i still haven't implemented a way of browsing old entries by year and
month, or somesuch.  i may or may not do that at some point...



but meanwhile, because i know you just can't get enough derf.net
content, i'm going to start periodically migrating into the blog
structure some of the derf.net content that predates the site's
rebirth as a blog.  you might say this is cheating, but as a certain
television network likes to remind us, if you haven't seen it, it's
new to you!



these entries will be back-dated to when i originally wrote them, but
will appear at the top of the front page as if they were new content.
i'll also tag such entries with a "from_the_archives" tag.



enjoy.




mail me
  ...   comments (1)





no gas
  ...   phone photos , signs

sun 2005-sep-25 16:20:03 pdt
  ...   permalink






read the book! no gas! (in the trunk of a car)




mail me
  ...   comments (0)





tagging
  ...   blog-on-blog action , new_feature

thu 2005-sep-22 02:48:52 pdt
  ...   permalink




i've now implemented tags for my
blog.  so now you can browse around my old blog entries in
hitherto-unpossible ways.  how exciting.  of course, i'll have to go
through and add more tags to more old entries, but i've done a bit of
that already.



but wait, that's not all!  i've implemented it so that absolutely
anyone can tag my entries.  i know you're all dying to.  for now, only
i can delete tags, though, so don't get carried away -- you won't be
able to undo.



as always, let me know if you run into any problems -- if something's
broke, don't assume i know about it.




mail me
  ...   comments (1)





run lola run
  ...   movie reviews

sun 2005-sep-11 12:54:16 pdt
  ...   permalink




on wednesday (on the airplane) i watched run lola
run, which i'd been intending to see for a long time.  the
concept and structure of the film are original and effective, but i
won't say too much about that aspect.  the story is engaging and the
acting is strong.  i also really enjoyed the music -- something i
don't usually particularly notice.  i guess it's more prominent than
in most films.



one thing worth noting is that the film really only gives a rather
limited glimpse into the characters' lives, leaving a lot of context
unexplained.  but somehow this actually works really well, i suppose
in sort of a "less is more" kind of way.  in effect, we get only as
much detail -- regarding who these people are, how they got here -- as
is truly essential to the story.



so overall, nice concept, well-executed...




mail me
  ...   comments (0)





long fence
  ...   phone photos , signs

mon 2005-sep-05 14:48:56 pdt
  ...   permalink






"long fence" (washington monument in background)




mail me
  ...   comments (2)





mysterious spam
  ...   blog-on-blog action , comment_spam

fri 2005-sep-02 00:59:27 pdt
  ...   permalink




so my blog-comment-spam problem has gotten somewhat worse...  for a
while it was just a few coming in every now and then.  a few weeks ago
i got a bunch all in one day, which prompted me to finish the code
that i'd started some time before which allows me to very quickly and
easily delete a comment.  when i did that, it turned out i actually
broke posting comments entirely for a little while (which turns out to
do quite a good job of stopping the spam, actually!), but then i fixed
that.



( adventures in battling comment spam )



i don't get people.




mail me
  ...   comments (4)





vertigo
  ...   movie reviews , spoiler_verylow

thu 2005-aug-25 01:42:27 pdt
  ...   permalink




i'm not sure how many data points i actually have for this theory, but
i'm going to go ahead and boldly claim that classic films tend to defy
my expectations of them.  last saturday we saw vertigo,
which i'd never seen.  not sure whether i'd seen any hitchcock at all,
in fact.  anyway, so i guess i didn't really know what to expect, but
i'm pretty sure that, to whatever extent i could have verbalized any
expectation at all, i would have been wrong.  heck, even during the
film, it continued to defy my expectations.



overall, i enjoyed it.  i liked most of the story, and i liked that
the direction it took surprised me a few times.  and i think i thought
the acting was decent.  but i thought hitchcock beat the audience over
the head a bit more than necessary with certain things.
<spoiler detail="verylow">and i'm afraid i was
fairly disappointed by the ending.</spoiler>


certainly worth seeing, anyway.




mail me
  ...   comments (1)





primer
  ...   movie reviews , spoiler_low , spoiler_high

sun 2005-aug-14 14:19:20 pdt
  ...   permalink




so friday night, we watched primer.  i
had put it into the netflix
queue based solely on dominic's recommendation.
he didn't actually say much about it beyond that he really enjoyed it,
and that it's a low-budget indie film.  i also found out that it
involved time travel.  that was basically all i knew before watching
it.  as i've mentioned before, i generally prefer to know as little as
possible going into a movie.



overall i loved it.  certainly it's not perfect, and there are aspects
that i was a little disappointed by.  but for me, those things were
easily outweighed by the ways in which it's great.


<spoiler detail="low">

( some general thoughts )

</spoiler>


<spoiler detail="high">

( don't read this
part until you've seen the film! )

</spoiler>


so ... strongly recommended without hesitation.  just maybe with a few
caveats.




mail me
  ...   comments (0)





wristwatch requirements
  ...   random thoughts

mon 2005-aug-08 13:14:26 pdt
  ...   permalink




a few days ago my watch broke -- the little knob you pull out to set
the time came off entirely and so the watch is just stopped.  it
didn't come off while i was pulling it out to set the time or
anything, i just noticed at some point that my watch was a couple
hours behind, and stopped, and that the little knob was missing.  odd.



so now i'm faced with the task of getting a new watch.  i've had this
one for three years, and been pretty happy with it.  i went back and
found the email confirmation from when i originally ordered it, and
determined that it is this
one.  so i could just get the same one again.  it does meet almost
all my requirements for a watch, and a quick look around confirms that
my requirements, as simple as they are, are probably not going to be
any easier to completely satisfy now than they were three years ago.



( my requirements )



okay, i think i'll go with this
one, even though the face is white-on-black.  actually, looks like
it might be silver-on-black.  and they do seem to have
silver-on-white, but it appears to be harder to read.  i think the
black background will be fine.  and hey, no 13-24...  plus, it has the
day of the week, and it correctly handles the number of days in each
month.  and it even manages to fit the day and date right alongside
the "3", instead of dropping the "3" to make room.  interesting.




mail me
  ...   comments (6)





a home at the end of the world
  ...   movie reviews

thu 2005-aug-04 13:02:55 pdt
  ...   permalink




sunday night we watched a
home at the end of the world.  it was really good.  it tells a
lovely story, a story that makes it one of the (if not the) most
poly-accepting movies i've seen.  the acting is also consistently
strong.



colin farrell in particular gives an outstanding performance as adult
bobby, and the actors playing bobby at ages 9 and 16 also do a great
job.  all three have this perfect look of innocence in their eyes,
that just fits the character so well.  



robin wright penn (who played buttercup in the princess bride)
is also quite good, though i would have liked to have better
understood, or at least seen more of, her inner struggle.  perhaps we
don't get to see that very much because the film really is telling
bobby's story.  i dunno.



anyway, highly recommended.




mail me
  ...   comments (2)





strawberry ice cream
  ...   elsewhere on the web

thu 2005-aug-04 12:32:54 pdt
  ...   permalink




just came across this
article, about a study in which researchers were able, through the
power of suggestion, to make people believe they had as a child gotten
sick from strawberry ice cream.  the same did not work with chocolate
chip cookies.



of the fact that it didn't work for chocolate chip cookies, the
article says, "but strawberry ice cream is a rarely eaten food for
most people and might be susceptible, the researchers decided."



okay, so far so good.  this all seems fairly unsurprising to me.



however, the researchers claim, "we believe this new finding may have
significant implications for dieting."



um.  what?  so you're saying you can convince people to not eat
something that they already don't eat.  and this is meant to help them
lose weight how exactly?



now, to be fair, it could be a case of bad reporting rather than bad
science...




mail me
  ...   comments (0)





charlie and the chocolate factory
  ...   movie reviews , spoiler_low

mon 2005-aug-01 15:32:14 pdt
  ...   permalink




saturday we went to see charlie
and the chocolate factory.  it was great fun!  naturally it
invites comparison to the 1971 film, though unfortunately i don't
really remember that version all that well...


<spoiler detail="low">

( things i liked, and some comparison to
the original )

</spoiler>


all in all, a very well done adaptation.




mail me
  ...   comments (0)





lemony snicket's a series of unfortunate events
  ...   movie reviews

tue 2005-jul-26 21:00:43 pdt
  ...   permalink




i'm way behind writing this review, but on the 16th, we watched lemony
snicket's a series of unfortunate events.  it's really well
done!  it has a fabulously edward gorey look and feel.



jim carrey, not surprisingly, carries off the bizarre insane villain
thing quite well, but really, i thought the kids actually gave the
better performance.  then again, maybe it's just that carrey's
performance is simply less noteworthy because the role seems so
well-suited to him.  in any case, the kids are definitely quite good.



the story was fun, suspenseful, and entertaining.  but in retrospect
afterward, it seemed like they could have done more with the kids'
particular skills that are established at the beginning of the film.
i wonder whether the books do more with that...



anyway, definitely gets my stamp of approval.




mail me
  ...   comments (0)






neilfred picciotto





derf content, blog-style

derf's comics
elsewhere on the web
100% true stories
what i learned today
random thoughts
movie reviews
phone photos
blog-on-blog action

tagsrss feedxfn links




recent comments

2008-sep-22

britt lyons on food handler
conrad pate on singing nuns
suzy on people live in west virginia?
quinn rutledge on chickens
jacquline gamble on garlic rabbit

2008-sep-21

lenora gomez on garlic rabbit

2008-sep-20

jonas bailey on food handler
lenny ayers on chickens






random phone photo





non-bloggy content

the derf himself
the derf faq
other derfs
what's new?
the derfnet portal





derf's comics






blogs and such
q
entropy
girlhacker
ambiguous
oblomovka
sem101
badgerbag
zephoria
pith, jcn
jvg
unlikely words
mjr
jessajune
heaneyland
dommah
unwellness
livejournalers








... 
all derf.net blog content and underlying code owned by neilfred picciotto
 ...







mail me




