






the brett weston archive | the most complete body of weston's work in existence.



























































home
about

brett weston
the archive
chronology


portfolios
resources

bibliography
collections
galleries
exhibitions


contact us
copyright info
links
 





select page


  
 



 



 


















the brett weston archivethroughout the decades of the 1950s, 1960s, 1970s, and 1980s, brett weston’s style changed sharply and was characterized by high contrast, abstract imagery. 
learn more








brett weston now represented in new york by danziger gallery
click here














latest news and project

brett weston premiers in nyc
the brett weston archive is proud to announce that it is represented in new york by james danziger gallery. since its founding in 1990, the danziger gallery has established itself as one of the leading photography venues in the world. visit them at their new location at 980 madison avenue to learn more.

learn more







a true american master of photography

the brett weston archive
brett weston seemed destined from birth to become one of the greatest american photographic artists. born in los angeles in 1911, the second son of photographer edward weston, he had perhaps the closest artistic relationship with his famous father of all four of the weston sons. in 1925, edward removed brett from school and took him to mexico, where the thirteen year old became his father’s apprentice. surrounded by revolutionary artists of the day, such as tina modotti, frida kahlo and diego rivera, and influenced as well by the striking contrast of life in mexico, it was there that brett first began making photographs with a small graflex 3 1/4″ x 4 1/4″ camera.

read more











galleries selling brett weston photographs





new york city

danziger gallerywww.danzigergallery.com
 
read more



london

michael hoppen gallerywww.michaelhoppengallery.com
read more



florida

holden luntz gallerywww.holdenluntz.com
read more





toronto

stephen bulger gallerywww.bulgergallery.com
read more



california

weston gallerywww.westongallery.com
 
read more



oklahoma

jrb art at the elmswww.jrbartgallery.com
read more






switzerland

kate vass gallerywww.katevassgalerie.com 
 
read more






view all galleries







inquire more today.
subscribe to receive the latest news about the brett weston archive
 
 
 
for all other information regarding the brett weston archive please contact:
the brett weston archive1001 w wilshire blvdoklahoma city ok 73116405 767 3713
info@brettwestonarchive.com
 








success!



first name



last name



email





subscribe












a film by art wright – for the full video above buy your copy of the remastered 1972 film which follows brett weston on a photographic trip through parts of california and nevada.
– visit website




 










facebook




instagram




rss


designed & powered by | click media co.  











featured photo
untitled (reeds, japan), 1970 gelatin silver print


osu museum of art shines light on new brett weston exhibit
the work of renowned photographer brett weston will be on display at the oklahoma state university museum of art. 
“shadows and light: the photography of brett weston,” which will be on view oct. 29, 2024 - feb. 1, 2025, showcases weston’s unique photography style. 
weston (american, 1911-1993) was mentored in photography from a young age by his father, edward weston. by the age of 13, weston’s father removed him from school to work on a photography project together in mexico. while there, brett weston was exposed to the work of famous artists such as tina modotti, frida kahlo and diego rivera. 
weston’s unique photography style played a major role in securing him a spot as one of american’s most prominent photographic artists. by working with lighting and placement of objects, weston blended objects into the background while still showcasing how they’re two separate entities. 
weston’s work often amazes and confuses viewers with its complex relationships between subject and background. the most well-known strategy of representational photography, where the subject is brighter than the background, is upended in weston’s photographs. in his work, the subject and background are seamlessly blended while still being distinct. 
andy mattern, osu associate professor of art, graphic design and art history, has emphasized how everyone can benefit from viewing weston’s work in various ways. 
“exhibits like brett weston’s are an important resource not only for students studying the history of photography, but also those who wish to expand their appreciation for photography as an art form,” mattern said. “especially in our hyper-digital age, seeing this type of highly crafted photographic work in person represents a unique chance to understand the development of the medium and perhaps begin to see the world in a new way.” 
weston understood the immense difference between a camera’s perspective and human vision. this understanding laid the foundation for weston’s success. 
this exhibition showcases weston’s artworks and invites viewers to ponder his captivating yet puzzling work.
“shadows and light: the photography of brett weston” is on view oct. 29, 2024 - feb. 1, 2025, at the osu museum of art in downtown stillwater. this exhibition was made possible by donations from the brett weston archive and the christian keesee collection. learn more at https://museum.okstate.edu/art/shadows-and-light.html.




















