

























































home | pueblo community college
















      skip to main content
    







pueblo community college



















































































































































































































menu 
search 
login 
apply 
























































































































































































































login 
apply 





academic & career pathways


degrees and certificates


online learning


apprenticeship programs


general education diploma (ged)


gateway to college (h.s. diploma)


guaranteed transfer degrees


early college / concurrent enrollment


credit for prior learning


academic advising




apply & enroll


admissions & records


new students


campus tours


high school students


corporate training


professional development


senior mini college


kids' college


class search




pay for college


tuition & fees


financial aid


scholarships


loans


grants


job & work-study opportunities


net price calculator


payment plans


college opportunity fund




pcc community


campus & site locations


student life


bookstore


panthers esports


human resources


pueblo corporate college


conference & event services


small business development center


campus dining




support & success


student support services


career services


health & wellness


testing center


library


stem center


veterans' services


children first


food pantries













why pcc?


newsroom


accreditation


president


foundation


calendar


safety


catalog












facebook





x





instagram





youtube





linkedin

































































































































































































































search site

search

























 












pueblo community college
the first choice for success.


apply now
visit us
request info








 


















pcc panther pride
a first generation-serving institution



we're proud that pueblo community college has been designated by the colorado department of higher education as a first-generation serving campus. visit the cdhe website to learn more about how we support first-generation students of all backgrounds and help remove equity barriers.










 












      our passion is your success
    
at pueblo community college, our passion is your success. that’s why we have the most affordable tuition of any college or university in southern colorado and flexible class options to suit your schedule. with more than 70 programs available, you can choose anything from automotive to software development. our personalized student support is second to none; we’ll be here for you every step of the way.
thinking about getting your bachelor’s degree? our courses are guaranteed to transfer to any public four-year school in colorado and you’ll save thousands of dollars in tuition costs. in some cases, you can even get your bachelor’s degree at pcc.
we offer the quality education you need to start a successful career. let’s get started!










 













41%
percentage of pcc graduates who earn more than those who have a bachelor’s degree








9,668
student population served annually at pcc – we are the largest community college in southern colorado with 3 campuses and 2 sites








$3,680
average annual resident tuition
(based on 12 credit hours per semester)












 









degree and program finder
choose your path
whether you're looking to begin a career, transfer to a university, learn new skills, or change careers - we have a path for you.









search programs

search









programs by interest












 



the pcc difference
worth it










 








panther spotlight

surgical technology student, megan shepherd

the next time you’re watching your favorite tv show, take note: your viewing habits just might steer you toward a career.in megan shepherd’s case, her commitment to “grey’s anatomy” helped lead her to the surgical technology program at pueblo community college. shepherd, 31, and her husband moved to pueblo four years ago with their two young daughters. after years working in administrative jobs, she was ready for something new and decided the medical field was where she wanted to be.


view panther spotlights











 








hsi proud

pcc is a hispanic-serving institution

pueblo community college has been a hispanic-serving institution for more than 30 years. to be designated an hsi, at least 25% of a college’s student body must be hispanic. thirty-three percent of pcc students identify as hispanic.
throughout the past three decades, pcc has been the recipient of federal title iii and title v grants to expand its ability to better serve its hispanic student population.


hsi, governance & accreditation











 








affordability & flexibility

finally, education on your terms

pcc flex classes are built to fit — your needs, your schedule and your life.
attend your class either on-campus or off-campus – you choose!


learn more about pcc flex












 









events
here's what's happening











february 18th
feb
18





race, religion, and the mormons



                  pueblo campus
              

12:30 pm  -  1:45 pm








february 18th
feb
18





study tips that don’t stink



                  pueblo campus
              

1:00 pm  -  2:30 pm








february 19th
feb
19





history speaker series: colorado insane asylum



                  pueblo campus
              

11:00 am  -  12:00 pm








february 23rd
feb
23





jcpenney suit-up sale





3:00 pm  -  6:00 pm






view full event calendar













 









locations
let's take a walk
explore more about our locations by selecting a campus name.














locations


pueblo
fremont
southwest





more than 5,000 students attend classes on the 33-acre grounds of pcc’s primary location in pueblo, colorado. the campus offers the latest classroom technology as well as extensive support services to help students reach their academic goals.

pcc’s fremont campus in cañon city, colorado, provides a broad range of educational programs and services to the residents of fremont and custer counties. whether preparing to begin a career or transfer to a four-year school, students will find everything they need to achieve their goals.

pueblo community college southwest serves the counties of archuleta, dolores, la plata, montezuma and san juan. pcc southwest offers career and technical programs as well as affordable guarantee-transfer general education classes and transfer degrees.























pueblo community college


















































































































































































































900 w. orman ave.
pueblo, co 81004
united states




719-549-3200
webmaster@pueblocc.edu








facebook





x





instagram





youtube





linkedin










apply


campus tours


career opportunities


human resources


support us


veterans' services


colorado open records acts request


nondiscrimination/title ix


report a concern or incident


request more information


our locations


employment verification


safety & security


student handbook


disclaimers & legal notice


privacy policy


third party servicer contract


accessibility statement







© pueblo community college | all rights reserved






mypcc portal


mycourses


faculty & staff email























