



  





snowboard secrets – online snowboarding magazine for the snowboard community –  to help you learn to snowboard safely and have fun! the goal of our snowboard websites is to support and speed your evolution as a snowboarder.

































































online snowboarding magazine for the snowboard community –  to help you learn to snowboard safely and have fun! the goal of our snowboard websites is to support and speed your evolution as a snowboarder.



 search snowboardsecrets.com:
 loading





 




secrets
mistakes
articles

links


camps
pro forum
about

contact


flexmeter f.a.q.










  



see the flexmeter team and videos here!

snowboardsecrets.tv is our newest site!
video interviews with athletes, snowboard event coverage videos,
snowboard gear demos, snowboard tips,  and more!

 welcome! to our online snowboarding magazine for the snowboard community –  to help you learn to snowboard safely, keep up with events, and have fun!  check out snowboard fashion here and videos of pro snowboard interviews. snowboard safety tip video here too!
the goal of our snowboard website is to support and speed your evolution as a snowboarder.
 to make it easy, share what works, and have some fun! see what our readers  say!


snowbaording photos by ilana sochaczewski (#1) and ziggy zygarowski (#3&5)
click for slideshow
lucas magoon wins r2r
shaun white and lauren teton at the 2006 us open of snowboarding
chris rotax and yale cousino by ziggy
andy finch and lauren

 




this site is snowboarder owned and operated. and rated g – for general audiences.






video! new on this site –
we have a snowboard video show!!
snowboardsecrets.tv has arrived!!
 …and lauren is the “oprah of the snow” with her on- location video interviews of snowboard athletes, snowboard fashionistas, and assorted characters unique to the world of snowboarding.
miss snow cleavage spring 2009 is crowned! see here here!
check out the only underground snowboard interview and talk show.
 snowboardsecrets.tv.
to see our early winter 2009 videos including some of the “edgier” material that will not make it onto snowboardsecretstv, check out channel snowboardlt on youtube.com.
* snowboard fashion videos here
* snowboarder interviews with shaun white, danny kass, yale cousino, ross power interviewed by lauren traub teton as reporter for radxsports.com here
* snowboard safety gear tips video here. snowboard wrist guards, tailbone protector, more.




  sign up for our snowboard szine newsletter
to stay up to the minute on what’s happening for snowboarders.

it’s short but full of tasty first-hand 411 about snowboarding that will speed your evolution as a rider while keeping your brain entertained.
you’ll get 16 secrets for successful snowboarding free when you sign up.
 sample past snowboard szine’s here








we have so much info to share. 
hint: scan the nav bar at the left for subjects that interest you.  there’s lots of good stuff under the “articles” link there too.
 some of the info you will find on this site:
 
you don’t have to hurt yourself to snowboard – do you think you have to suffer pain and injury to learn to snowboard? think again! read this article. see the vid.  especially if you’re over 25!
 snowboard crossword puzzle –  check out the world’s first online snowboard crossword puzzle, created for the grand prix at killington and the us open 2008
 snowboard events calendar the largest online – don’t miss out on fun events. see over 200 listings here. east coast and california. easy to read format!
shopping in the mini-mall – our favorite snowboard gear and films.
checklist –  ever get  to the hill and find you forgot your pants? print out this snowboard checklist and make sure you have what it takes.
snowboard articles – places we’ve been, things we’ve seen in the snowboarding world. avalanche advice, snowboarder owned hotels, snowboarding poker players and lots of snowboard event coverage.
 snowboardsecrets blog for the freshest powderiest snowboard news before it reaches the website.
 snowboard news –   fresh daily. right on our site.
videos, books, movies – we don’t recommend this  snowboard footy unless we’ve seen them and we like them. find “family friendly” viewing suggestions here too.
click “articles” on the nav bar to find all the good stuff.

 products we use ourselves and sell
 flexmeter snowboard gloves and wrist guards designed by a doctor, to protect your wrists. as mentioned in the new york times, the colorodoan, and ski-injury.com
see the flexmeter team and videos here!
  azzpadz tailbone protector – you’re bound to fall on your behind when snowboarding especially as a beginner. don’t bruise it, protect it with this perfectly designed pad. we wear ours every time we ride.
  transpack boot and helmet backpack.  carry your gear neatly! as mentioned in the n.y. times: 
“my new favorite boot bags are from transpack”
bill pennington, new york times, 12/09/05
we had a great time in winter park in 2008! check out the photos, linked to this page.
lauren, editor snowboardsecrets.com

snowboard registry
help stop snowboard crime!
losing your board is a bad way to go.
register your snowboard here on our free  snowboard registry so you can avoid buying a stolen board and we can help you recover yours if it goes missing.
home  | about | contact  
 send e-mail to  lauren@snowboardsecrets.com
  bookmark this site and check back. new stuff added often!
 



 
copyright © 2003 – 2012 snowboardsecrets.com. all rights reserved
this web site shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of
new york state, usa, without regard to its choice of law rules.



 

share this:tweet 




 





 
home
secrets
mistakes
newest

sbs blog

articles
azzpads
blog archives 2007-2012
board shops
books
camps
checklist
contact
deals
deaths
events
events covered
fashion
film
flexmeter
getting in shape
goals
guest book
holiday
letters
links
link to us
media room
mistakes
mountain resorts
movies/dvds
new boards
newest
news
newsletter
packs
parks
poker
profiles
pro forum
pro scoop
puzzles 
q & a index
sb registry
search
secrets
shopping
snow cleavage
summer sports
testimonials
stylesampler.com
tricks
trips
trss
tuning
unpacking
us open
your business


archives 
january 2017
december 2016
august 2016
january 2016
january 2015
november 2014
february 2014
january 2014
february 2013
january 2013
december 2012
october 2012
july 2012

subscribe to blog via email

enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email.
 

							email address						











categoriescategories
select category
insoles for foot comfort  (1)
snowboard boot fitting  (2)
snowboard news  (1)
snowboard safety  (6)
   flexmeters  (6)
      previously injured wrist  (2)
   which snowboard protection to buy  (3)
snowboardsecrets  (5)
tailbone protection  (1)
uncategorized  (13)
wakeboarding  (2)






 recent  news 

how to wakeboard – the ultimate guide


wakeboarding: how to wakeboard – articles


one step snowboard binding by burton for 2017


magic mountain to be purchased by ski magic llc


snowboard protection – concierge style service


which flexmeter wrist guard?


free tailbone protector with order


snowboard wrist guard rental program explained


rent wrist guards for snowboarding


snowboard lost and found


booty guard tailbone protectors here!!


zapz


table of contents


snowboard boot fitting advice here – helped!


brochure by doctors provides injury prevention  tips for snowboarders,








 







 


 
home  | about 
| contact
send e-mail to

 

lauren@snowboardsecrets.com

 

bookmark
this site and check back. 

new stuff added often!

 



 





© 2003- 2012 snowboardsecrets.com all rights reserved. 
this web site shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of new york state, usa, without regard to its choice of law rules.
webz by markovision network










































