tourism kamloops | explore kamloops, bc, canadaskip to main content50 date ideas in kamloopslearn morebusinessmeetingsindustrytravel trade discover
discover kamloopsabout kamloopsthe tk‘emlúpsemchistory & heritagediversity, inclusivity & accessibilitysustainabilitysports & tournamentssecond column   family winter activitiesexplore now   where to eatfind hidden gemsthings to do
categoriesoutdoor experiencesattractionsarts & cultureshoppingfood & drinksee all things to dopopularski & snowboardsnowmobilingsnowshoeingfamily activitiesgolfseasonsummerwinterfallspring   winter activitiesstart exploringplaces to stay
places to stayhotels & resortsvacation rentalscampgrounds & rv parkshotel dealsgolf packagessee all places to stay   hotels & resortsfind local accommodations   save on your staydiscover hotel dealsplan your trip
resourceswebcamgetting hereknow before you gofrequently asked questionsvisitor services & assistanceplan your routeroad tripstravel dealstours & itinerariesvacation guides & maps   dine and delightlearn more   need inspiration?get the local scoopeventsblog  search popular contentthings to do in winterfood & drinkmountain bikingwine & brew toursgetting herewebcams & weatherdiscover
backdiscover kamloopsabout kamloopsthe tk‘emlúpsemchistory & heritagediversity, inclusivity & accessibilitysustainabilitysports & tournaments   family winter activitiesexplore now   where to eatfind hidden gemsthings to do
backcategoriesoutdoor experiencesattractionsarts & cultureshoppingfood & drinksee all things to dopopularski & snowboardsnowmobilingsnowshoeingfamily activitiesgolfseasonsummerwinterfallspring   winter activitiesstart exploringplaces to stay
backplaces to stayhotels & resortsvacation rentalscampgrounds & rv parkshotel dealsgolf packagessee all places to stay   hotels & resortsfind local accommodations   save on your staydiscover hotel dealsplan your trip
backresourceswebcamgetting hereknow before you gofrequently asked questionsvisitor services & assistanceplan your routeroad tripstravel dealstours & itinerariesvacation guides & maps   dine and delightlearn more   need inspiration?get the local scoopeventsblogwebcamsbusinessmeetingsindustrytravel trade webcams searchsearch popular contentthings to do in winterfood & drinkmountain bikingwine & brew toursgetting herewebcams & weatherofficial website of tourism kamloopsroom to roam





















    kamloopsolsen imagingwelcome to kamloops(weyt-kp tk'emlúps) located on the traditional lands of the tk̓emlúps te secwépemc, kamloops sits at the confluence of two mighty rivers that pulse through the veins of the thompson valley. this is a city of contrasts, where people, land, and culture meet—the kind of place where intrepid entrepreneurs, rugged ranchers, and nature lovers swap tales over a pint. we might be the straight-shooting type, but our soul is kind. raise the rainbow flag, attend a vibrant powwow, or head out on a wine-tasting tour. be yourself and feel welcome doing it. with mountains, vast valleys, and sparkling lakes at our doorstep, adventure is never far away. get your adrenaline fix on gravity-fueled trails, reel in the big one, or tee off at one of our picturesque golf courses. wherever you roam, find space to breathe; somewhere between the endless horizons and the starlit skies.find things to do discover events    winter activities    blog50+ unique date ideas kamloops edition    arts & culinary    blogthings to do in kamloops in february    events    blogcarve fresh tracks: snowmobile tours in kamloops    blogtop 10 things to do this winter in kamloops    things to dorestaurantsarts & cultureoutdoor experiencesfood & drinkindigenous experiences    kim anderson   a city alive with creativityget to know the real kamloops through our people. our diverse and talented arts and culture community shines. local talent is always on display, from colourful street art in city nooks and crannies to vibrant festivals and performances. see arts & culture    harper mountainmary putnam   mary putnamfeed your outdoor adventure cravingskamloops offers boundless space and a breathtaking backdrop. follow trails to paths unknown, feel the wind in your hair and the dirt at your feet (or tires). enjoy outdoor activities year-round, from hiking and biking to snowshoeing and snowmobiling.play outside    isagani farm-to-tablemary putnam   a taste of the thompsongolden ranchlands and lush vineyards are inspiration for culinary adventures in kamloops. with wine tasting, indie eateries, and five craft breweries on tap, our emerging local food scene is a diamond in the rough.dine & drink       connect with the tk'emlúps te secwépemclisten to and learn from those whose ancestors have walked these lands since before recorded time. support indigenous artisans and entrepreneurs and contribute to their resilience and innovation. indigenous experiences         plan your trip    accommodations for every taste   find a place to hang your hat in the heart of the stunning thompson valley. stay in kamloops, with fun attractions and activities at your doorstep. we have more than 50 accommodations to offer, including hotels, motels, vacation rentals, and camping options.places to stay    travel to kamloops   centrally located in bc’s interior, kamloops is easily accessible by road, air, bus, and rail. start planning your route and choose a mode of transportation that suits your needs and budget.travel tips    make the most of your trip   tourism kamloops is a proud member of the biosphere program with the responsible tourism institute. due to our sustainability initiatives, we have reduced the quantity of our printed copies and brochure distribution in an effort to minimize our environmental footprint. use our resources below to help plan your next trip to kamloops. we can't wait to welcome you. download now#explorekamloops find great dealssign up for the latest news, events and deals. share your stories with #explorekamloopsget our newslettersocial media links
facebook icon
facebook opens in a new window/tab. 
instagram icon
instagram opens in a new window/tab. 
twitter icon
twitter opens in a new window/tab. 
youtube icon
youtube opens in a new window/tab. discoverthings to doplaces to stayeventsbloggroupssports & tournamentsindustrymeetingstravel tradeabout usaboutcontactcareersgetting hereexplore kamloopstourism kamloops is situated on the traditional lands of the tk̓emlúps te secwépemc within secwepemcúl'ecw,the traditional and unceded territory of the secwépemc people. we acknowledge and give honour to the lands that we live, work, play, and welcome visitors to. learn more. tribal parks allies opens in a new window/tab.  kamloops opens in a new window/tab.  super natural british columbia opens in a new window/tab. all content copyright tourism kamloops 2025terms of use|privacy policy|sustainability|rainbow registered|manage your cookiesyou need to enable javascript in order to use the ai chatbot tool powered by chatbot