













	offices | office of research university of cincinnati




 
 
 

















skip to main content area





toggle navigation










office of research










news


facts & figures


for researchers


cctst


funding opportunities


international collaboration


lab safety resources


partner sites


research events calendar


researcher tools


visiting scholars




programs & events


events


nanobioscience research institute


research week


signature programs




leadership & offices


leadership


support offices



toggle search


























research support offices
the office of research is dedicated to supporting uc students, staff and faculty throughout their lifecycle of scholarly research and creative activities.













learn more

animal care and use program
provides administrative support to the insitutional animal care and use committee (iacuc), regulatory training and support for researchers and educators, and husbandry and veterinary care for all vertebrate animals.
> learn more about animal care and use program






learn more

biosafety office
provides guidance on safety and regulations related to research involving biohazardous or potentially biohazardous materials, and supports the institutional biosafety committee (ibc).
> learn more about biosafety office






learn more

conflict of interest
supports the outside activity disclosure system, providing training and guidance on making complete and accurate disclosures to protect both the employees and university research.  complete coi reviews for srs/irb, ensuring uc research is compliant with applicable university policies, and local, state, and federal laws.
> learn more about conflict of interest






learn more

export controls office
provides training and guidance to facilitate compliance with export control regulations including travel and the management of information, equipment, and other technology both on campus and externally.
> learn more about export controls office






learn more

government cost compliance
ensures university-wide compliance with applicable federal cost principles and established university policies.
> learn more about government cost compliance






learn more

human research protection program
provides training and support for research involving human subjects including institutional review board (irb) protocols and fda submissions and supports the irb.
> learn more about human research protection program






learn more

leather lab
provides focused and customized leather testing and technology training at the highest possible level of scientific excellence and professional integrity.
> learn more about leather lab






learn more

office of defense research initiatives
provides support, training, and guidance to facilitate research that supports the department of defense and other federal department sponsors.  includes management of classified activities and partner development with organizations supporting national defense.
> learn more about office of defense research initiatives






learn more

office of research security and ethics
open scientific and scholarly collaboration between scholars from all over the world is one of the cornerstones of innovation and technological advancement, and university of cincinnati remains committed to fostering such collaboration.
 while the vast majority of international affiliations do not present a security risk, the federal government has increased its attention to research in foreign countries.
uc office of research security and ethics is committed to assisting researchers and faculty in navigating sponsor requirements and regulations.

> learn more about office of research security and ethics






learn more

office of the vice president for research
oversees offices that are collectively held under the divisions of research support and research development.
> learn more about office of the vice president for research






learn more

radiation safety
provides regulatory and technical training and support, supports the radiation safety committee (rsc), and manages all radioactive materials and radiation generating equipment.
> learn more about radiation safety






learn more

research cybersecurity
provides guidance and training to facilitate compliance with cybersecurity regulations for research initiatives including the management of information, equipment and other technology for cui and no-cui projects.
> learn more about research cybersecurity






learn more

platforms and insights
enhances research capabilities through innovative platforms and data-driven insights to ensure efficiency and strategic growth across uc's research enterprise.
> learn more about platforms and insights






learn more

sponsored research services
provides support and resources encompassing the entire grant process from the early proposal stages to administering the funded projects.
> learn more about sponsored research services






learn more

strategic programs and initiatives
empowers uc researchers and creators by providing the infrastructure needed for groundbreaking discoveries, impactful collaborations, and high-profile achievements.
> learn more about strategic programs and initiatives






learn more

uc office of research integrity
exists to support the generation and dissemination of knowledge by facilitating safe and compliant research and scholarship.
> learn more about uc office of research integrity









back to the top of the page.

university of cincinnati office of research

university hall suite 540 ml0663
cincinnati, oh 45221-0663
contact us


notice of emergency & safety information this link opens in a new window.
notice of non-discrimination this link opens in a new window.
clery and heoa notice this link opens in a new window.
eaccessibility concern this link opens in a new window.
privacy statement this link opens in a new window.
copyright information ©
    2021















