


















hi, i’m jason | responsive web typography















      skip to main content
    



responsive web typography

main navigation





main menu


close





home


talks


type audit


blog


tips


resources


about jason





variable fonts supported!no variable font support :(











  hi, i’m jason






my name is jason pamental. i’m a design strategist, ux leader, technologist, expert in web typography, and invited expert on the w3c web fonts working group. i write, speak, and work with teams and brand owners on how to set type better on digital platforms. i’ve spoken with organizations like adobe, audible, condé nast, godaddy, ibm—and given presentations and workshops at conferences all over the world. i also publish a newsletter on web typography.
type is how we ‘hear’ what we read
since the introduction of variable fonts in late 2016, i’ve spent a good deal of time researching, writing about, and  working with them, and am convinced they are the future of type—and indeed design—on the web. i’ve designed demos for type network and monotype (with an article & demo page i wrote and designed), spoken about that at adobe typekit's ‘typekitpalooza’ internal conference, been quoted about them by microsoft and in communication arts, and presented about them at an event apart, typo labs berlin, and many more.
if your brand needs to speak more clearly, or your content needs to be more easily read, or you just need a fresh set of eyes on your strategic challenges—please get in touch. i’d love to help.




jason is a compelling and insightful speaker. his inspiring demonstrations show the great potential we now have for creating beautiful, truly responsive typography.
rob mckaughan, typographer, advanced reading technology, microsoft









in print
i wrote responsive typography back in 2014 in order to help designers and developers learn the basics of good typography and how to practice it on the web. you can find it on amazon here, or have a look some other articles i’ve published in the resources section.



hire me to



improve your type & typography
type is the fundamental building block of design and user experience. i can help strengthen brand voice, improve user experience, and dramatically increase performance. let’s tame your type


tackle digital strategy challenges
i’ve been leading strategy engagements for large and small organizations for nearly two decades, and can help you answer the critical ‘why’—and make sure that leads to the right ‘what’ and ‘how.’ let’s knock out your strategy and ux challenges


help your team work smarter
years spent building and leading digital teams at agencies have resulted in workflows and processes that have benefitted in-house and agency teams alike. better client relationships and more fluid, nimble collaborations between project management, content, design and development await! let’s be nimble, not just agile


speak at your office or event
having spoken at over 50 national and international events—from small hands-on workshops to keynote presentations—i’m always excited to share what i’ve learned, and attendees will walk away with equal parts inspiration and actionable learnings. let’s get learning together






latest writing & rambling









she told us all you wanted was love


sunday, 29 may, 2022

      

            we called her on a sunday morning, thinking we wanted a companion to your cousin tristan. as crazy seems to happen, we soon found ourselves in the car with him, driving out to thomson ridge—150 miles on snowy roads in...read more








latest typography tips









the reader’s right: preferences and light modes


tuesday, 7 july, 2020

there are a couple of things i’d like to show you this week. one is a relatively small but important step forward for the book project: supporting light modes (with user preference setting). the other is more important to me... read more











part 6: on the nature of ‘book’-ishness


friday, 29 may, 2020

this week is one i’ve been awaiting for quite some time. really since before i even started this process. it’s also the first time i’m posting something that i know is broken in a lot of browsers. but where it... read more











 part 5: dynamic typography redux: clamp() on it


monday, 18 may, 2020

this week has a big update to the typographic scaling that features some very new css about which i’m pretty excited. it’s featuring a new way of defining low, scaling, and high values for things like font-size that removes a... read more












footer menu


top of page


home


newsletter


colophon




website ©2019 jason pamental. all rights reserved. external resources are owned by their respective copyright holders. also please note that as an amazon associate i earn from qualifying purchases via affiliate links. those will always be noted as such.


twitter
instagram
medium
linkedin
strava










