













disneyland pressed coins, medallions, locations, guides & news!





























 disneyland pressed 
                                    coin
                                    & 
                                    medallion 
                                    news, guides & lists



 


disney pressed 
                                  coin &
                                  medallion 
                                  machine locations!








disneyland pressed coin & medallion guides, locations & news!














all pressed
                                                coin guides &
                                                collections







all disneyland
                                                medallions
                                                ever on stage







 doubloon,
                                                token & pin
                                                guides







archived
                                                news &
                                                articles







pressed
                                                coin tips
                                                & faq's















location list
                                                coin presses
                                                & medallions








collector
                                                coin books
                                                & holders







pennies
                                                in disney
                                                bottles! 







disney silver
                                                spoons, rings,
                                                letter openers







download
                                                guides, files
                                                excel & pdf

















disneyland pressed coin & souvenir
                              news & guides 
©1997-2024 parkpennies.com

parkpennies specializes in  disneyland pressed coin and medallion news, machine locations and  guides. parkpennies'    extensive hobby-standard guides cover every disneyland resort pressed coin  ever onstage plus special event, prototype and cast member issued coins.  since 1997,   fellow collectors have helped parkpennies add  100s of pages  featuring disneyland pressed coins, medallions, tokens, asi silver spoons and more.  enjoy!

                              happy collecting!  
                              boomer








 visit our welcome page










➜index of all fun stuff 

 news, updates, posts, home page 
the parkpennies welcome & history page.
location lists + apps: pressed coin & medallion machines
pressed coins, tokens, books, pins. index & links
medallions. index & links
tec:  all about the elongated collectors club & how to join
history of disney pressed coin collecting
archived news & articles page
faq: frequently asked questions
organizational chart: disneyland pressed coin guides
pressed _coin_ numbering system guidelines
pressed coin _die_ numbering system guidelines
legal? is it really legal to press u.s. coins???
change log, the latest guide updates.
contact parkpennies
jokes, fun cartoons, memes... shared smiles page :-)
jokes, holiday cartoons, memes... shared smiles page :-)


       (pdf)  disneyland coin press & medallion locations
       (web page)  disneyland coin press & medallion locations
       (excel)  disneyland coin press & medallion locations


a tribute to nancy l. wooten, mentor & noted collector
a tribute to disneyland arcade shop heroes 1987-1921
lost, missing, retired coin dies & marquees history
denominational variations "non-native" coins
detective work: establishing provenance
coffin quarter press machine(!)
splash mountain penny press machine
1st disney pressed dime machine!
villains event divas quarter press
2004 seasonal / christmas nickels!
2005 arcade management pluses
scarce dr0087 penny story
silver nickels for pressing?
matternhorn pressed penny error
the disneyland scarce tower of t-errors
signature series prototypes, possibly the end of an era?
50th cast blast 2005 pressed penny
disneyland elongated coin variations
pressed coin collector books
pressed penny collector book prototype
pressed penny collector book 1st edition
vance fowler inventor of the coin-op penny press
framed pressed coin collections
visitor - collector country flags
history of pressed coin vending
history of 1st disney penny machine marquees
history of past / lost coin dies & marquees
history of disney pressed coin collecting
history of american souvenirs inc. asi 
history of disney pressed coin machines
history of elongated coin evolution
history of elongated coin quality
how to clean pressed pennies?
how to flatten pressed pennies
pressed coin facts & fiction
just for fun! old parkpennies guide pages
future: the end of the penny?
is it legal to press pennies?
articles: pressed coins, machines & events index...


facts, fiction & tips about pressed coins
how to identify disney pressed coins
how to establish provenance
how to flatten pressed pennies
how to clean pressed pennies
how to store and display pressed coins
how much do pressed pennies cost?
how to select the best coins to press
faq: frequently asked questions


►cdl canceled elongated coin dies
►tr test roll elongated coin guide
►disneyland resort coin variations
►tokyo disney coin variations
►dl backstamps & reverses guide
►dr backstamps & reverses guide
►ca backstamps & reverses guide
►cm backstamps & reverses guide
►ds backstamps & reverses guide
►dn backstamps & reverses guide
►star wars themed souvenirs
        star wars pressed quarters
        star wars and star tours pressed pennies
        star wars prototype pressed coins
        star wars themed medallions
        star wars spira batuuan metal gift cards - tokens
►special souvenir collections index
        10th dca anniversary pressed dime set
        50th dl magical milestones coin guide
        60th dl diamond celebration coin guide
        100 years of wonder pressed coins
        25th tokyo disneyland anniversary set
        chip n dale dated pressed coin set
        disney pressed dimes collection
        duffy the disney bear pressed penny collection
        framed pressed coin collections
        holiday nickel collection disneyland
        holiday nickel collection dca
        haunted mansion pressed quarter collection
        haunted mansion pressed pennies collection
        haunted mansion watch out for hitchhiking ghosts!
        haunted quarter press  reverses
        mickey mouse themed pressed coins
        nightmare before christmas quarter collection
        pnc stamp and elongated coin collectibles
        prototype, scarce elongated coin$
        scrooge pinched pennies - carl barks, cbfc
►disney medallions, tokens, & "coins" etc.
        all dlr souvenir medallion images on one page
        disneyland pressed tokens (not pressed coins)
        disneyland resort medallions complete collection
        disney 100 years of wonder souvenir medallions
        d23 2024: ultimate disney fan event medallions
        disneyland paris medallions & medals notes
        pirate doubloon stamper medallions
        disneyland wooden nickel tokens
        cast member applause tokens
        machine / arcade tokens (redeemable)
        pixar pier boardwalk game tokens
        medal typer disk tokens
        chicken of the sea tuna pirate ship lucky coin
        tokens: disneyland machine / arcade
►pressed penny book & holders
        pressed coin collector books - disneyland usa
        penny books & holders - tokyo disneyland
        penny books & holders - hong kong disney
►disney themed penny in a bottle collection
►pins!  wdi pressed penny pin collection
►disneyland's scarce 1954-1955 letter openers
►disney 1950s sterling sliver souvenir spoons
►disney sterling silver spoon rings
►jewelry made with pressed coins


►all disneyland usa pressed coin guides
       disneyland resort pressed coin variations
►ca disney california adventure guide
       dca 10th anniversary pressed dimes guide
►cm cast member & special events guide 
       cm ron dominguez pressed penny
       cm bill hogarth pressed coins
       cm jack steiner pressed coins
       cm george meyer pressed penny
       cm eddie garcia pressed penny
       cm bob johnson pressed pennies
       cm sam boyd pressed penny
       cm everett rowlett pressed penny
       cm & disney legend don edgren's doubloon
►dl disneyland park usa guide
        50th magical milestones coin guide
        60th diamond celebration coin guide
        100 years of wonder pressed coins
►do disney off-site elongated coins guide
►dr resort area pressed coin guide
►ds arcade shop elongated coin guide
►dn prototype elongated coin guide
        prototype  backstamps or reverses
        denominational variations "non-native" coins
►dw elongated coin "tributes" guide
►dt don cade's disney themed pressed coins
►honorable mention coins with disney spirit
►souvenir medallions, machine vended


► old wdw walt disney world guides & files


►dlrp paris disneyland area pressed coin guide
       disneyland paris medallions & medals notes
►hkdl hong kong disneyland coin guide
       hkdl penny books & holders hong kong disney
►sdr shanghai disney pressed coin guide
►all tokyo disney resort penny guides index
       tdl tokyo disneyland parkpennies guide
          tokyo disneyland 25th anniversary coin set
          tokyo disneyland coins of the month
          tokyo scarce disneyland pressed medals
          tokyo disney coin variations guide index
          tokyo disney penny books & holders
          tokyo disney  birthday card with coin
       tds tokyo disneysea parkpennies guide
       tdr tokyo disney resort area hotel coins guide
       dsj disney stores japan pressed souvenir guide
       prototype tokyo disney resort pressed coins


legal? are penny press machines legal? :-)
how many pennies are in a pound?
how to clean pressed pennies?
how to flatten pressed pennies
pressed coin facts & fiction
are you an advanced collector?
lost, missing, retired coin dies & marquees
condensed parkpennies guides    (pdf)
condensed parkpennies guides    (xlsx)
condensed parkpennies guides    (xls)
condensed parkpennies guides    (web page)
sorta free* pressed penny offer!
visitor linked pressed coin auctions
faq pressed coin collecting tips
who are the folks at parkpennies?
contact parkpennies
california privacy rights
terms of use
cookies, privacy, & gdpr
typosquating :-(


►all parks combined - the best news page
      only tdr tokyo pressed penny news
      only hkdl hong kong magical coin news
      only dlrp paris disneyland pressed coin news
      only shdl shanghai disneyland pressed coin news
more articles & special pages
news via facebook -like page :-)


usenet bbs archived posts 1997+
parkpennies news, all parks, archived 2007+
disneyland resort archived news 2007+
dl disneyland usa pressed coin news
tdl tokyo recent pressed coin news
hkdl hong kong recent magical coin news
dlrp paris disneyland recent pressed coin news
shdl shanghai disneyland recent pressed souvenir news
tokyo disneyland archived news 2005+


search via pictures, fun!
search page of last resort :-)


links to: groups, sellers, fun stuff
engravers: custom coin dies & pressed coins
have us link to your disney pressed coin auctions
have us link to your related website or blog
share a link to parkpennies on your site, blog? :-)


parkpennies downloadable files page
the parkpennies guides in excel!
links: groups, sellers, fun stuff
wdw pressed penny files and links


www.pressedpennies.com resource links


www.pennypressland.com history site


privacy, cookies, & gdpr info


contact the folks at parkpennies


contact disneyland guest services

























 


 










 



disney pressed coin news: 
02/15/2025  we are happy to report that don c. has just issued his new 2025 dated set of business card pressed coins (#dt0035). this is both a timely and welcome addition to the dt  disneyland tribute pressed coin guide which will be  updated soon. don has also shared his amazing variety of dt0035 test roll coins. busy day today! happy collecting, boomer.

02/15/2025 our thanks to dino and heather aka arias disney fun for reporting that the kingswell camera shop medallion machine, #124, 100, 126, 102 darkwing duck, three little pigs, talespin, and "steamboat" pete, has moved  across buena vista street to the los feliz five & dime shop. the disneyland resort pressed coin and medallion machine  locations page has already been updated. happy collecting, boomer

02/14/2025  our thanks to clinton n. for reporting a disneyland pressed coin change. this is one of those pressed penny changes that are very hard to spot.   the eight-play penny press which is located near the star trader gift shop, inside the exit from space mountain has a new backstamp(!) the current coin designs are identical to the original dl0752-759 space mountain themed souvenirs. however, the coins now feature a replacement backstamp that reads only "disneyland" no "park". the machine marquee remains the same showing a reverse including "park", only the display coins have been updated with a new reverse coin showing the small change. (images courtesy of kelly b.) the disneyland resort pressed coin and medallion machine  locations page has already been updated. the guides will be updated soon. happy collecting, boomer

02/10/2025 our thanks to kelly b. of the pressed penny exchange facebook group for reporting that the medallion machine  located at disney's wonderful world of sweets which held the #188-191 medallions, world of sweets logo, minnie mouse, hulk, mickey mouse has moved to the downtown world of disney store.  the disneyland resort pressed coin and medallion machine  locations page is already updated. i'll also update the the   "all disneyland resort souvenir medallions on one page!" soon. happy collecting, boomer

02/09/2025 our thanks to michael h. for organizing a "2025 socal coin meet" to be held on march 15th in orange county, california. click this link to join the 2025 socal coin meet group and get more details. if you never miss these meets or it's your first, i hope you will  attend.  i really enjoyed the last one! happy collecting, boomer

02/02/2025 our thanks to jamie b. for sharing a medallion update. jamie found that the second medallion machine at the downtown disney world of wonder store has been taken offstage. however, two of the four medallions in that machine, the #124  darkwing duck and #126 talespin were moved to the kingswell camera shop, replacing the #99 oswald and #101 mickey bandleader medallions (tentatively flagged as retired / taken offstage). the world of disney medallion #118 pumbaa & nala and #125 ducktales so far are not  known to have been relocated and will also be tentatively flagged as retired / taken offstage. the   "all disneyland resort souvenir medallions on one page!" will be updated soon and the disneyland resort pressed coin and medallion machine  locations page is already updated. happy collecting, boomer.

01/27/2025 latest updates include the listing of the disney's wonderful world of sweets medallions, the disneyland resorts all medallions on one page, and a small update to the wdi pressed penny pins collection.  in all, more than 25 new images in the parkpennies reference guides. the disneyland resort pressed coin and medallion machine  locations page is current and crowd-sourced. our thanks to all the fellow collectors who have emailed boomer with updates as they are spotted in the resort. happy collecting, boomer.

01/26/2025 our thanks to joe f. for sharing a 2024 minnie's moonlit madness pressed penny style cast member pin! this neat keepsake is much like the very collectable  walt disney imagineering limited edition pressed penny pins from 2010-13. but, this cast member pin is much larger, measuring about 2 1/4" by 1".  we'll definitely add it to the pressed penny pins guide page. happy collecting, boomer.

01/22/2025  our thanks to kelly b. of the pressed penny exchange facebook group and christina g. who just reported a new set of medallions at downtown disney. the machine is located at disney's wonderful world of sweets. images to follow, guide numbers will be drm0188-91. the disneyland resort pressed coin and medallion machine  locations page has been updated to include these new medallions and their location. happy collecting, boomer

01/17/2025 our thanks to alex l. in hong kong for reporting a change in the hkdl2401-3 magical coin press at hong kong disneyland. the hkdl2403 coin has been replaced by the hkdl0506 type ii coin from 2005. it appears that hong kong disneyland is holding on to their retired coin dies for 20 years plus. the hong kong disneyland magical coins guide has been updated with new marquee images shared by alex l. happy collecting, boomer.

01/10/2025 the disneyland park pressed coin guide has been brought up to date with images of the latest 2025 dated pressed coins offered at the main street penny arcade / candy palace inside disneyland park. this machine, which contains two four-design ring dies, retained the first ring die's set four engravings and replaced the second ring die's four engravings. the new replacement ring die offers two slightly different "carry-over" designs the dl0822-823 pluto and goofy plus two new 2025 dated coins, the dl0824 and dl0285 mickey and minnie. this machine has not been working well, hopefully it will be adjusted soon. happy collecting, boomer.

01/09/2025 the disneyland resort pressed coin and medallion machine  locations page has been updated. also the  "all disneyland resort souvenir medallions on one page!" has been updated with the latest medallions, which offers all "retired" and "onstage" medallions, with a link below each medallion image that opens the related disneyland medallion guide page. happy collecting, boomer.

01/09/2025  our thanks again to alex l. in hong kong for sharing news and images of the latest medallions, a hong kong disneyland chinese new year themed medallion set!  alex reports that the two of these new medallions, the mickey/minnie and goofy/pluto medallions, are limited to 2000 pieces. happy collecting, boomer.

01/09/2025 some readers have asked about hkdl medallion cost. hong kong disneyland medallions are of a very high quality, they feature  cloisonné style colored images, are vended in plastic capsules and hong kong disneyland has also offered some of them as limited editions with an issue of only 2000.  all this adds to the value / cost of these souvenirs. as of this writing, the cost in hong kong is $89.00 hong kong dollars each, about $11.50 us dollars. in comparison to the medallions offered by disneyland in the united states, they are about twice as expensive. for collectors in the united states, there is also the cost of acquisition and shipping. the comment we've heard most often about cost is that they are expensive, but also amazing and well worth the price. happy collecting, boomer

01/08/2025 the new penny arcade / candy palace set of  coins have been confirmed as four carry over coins, the dl0795-798 and four new engravings, the dl0822-825. of the four new coins, two, the pluto dl0822 and goofy dl0823 are new engravings of the dl0799 and dl0800 carry-over images  and the second two are 2025 dated coins. the draft entry for these  coins is in the parkpennies guide to disneyland park pressed coins and will be updated soon. happy collecting, boomer.

01/07/2025 the chip n dale medallion, #drm0123 located in the world of disney, has been replaced by the #drm0118 pumbaa and nala medallion from the grand californian hotel and spa. based on this report by kelly b. we believe the chip n dale #drm0123 is "retired". the disneyland resort pressed coin and medallion machine  locations page has been updated. 

01/06/2025 our thanks to kelly b. of the pressed penny exchange facebook group who just reported a change in the tiana's medallion machine #179 and #180 limited edition medallions. they no longer feature the limited edition reverse. these two medallions, without the limited edition reverses, have been given medallion numbers drm0186 and drm0187. the disneyland resort pressed coin and medallion machine  locations page has been updated. happy collecting, boomer.

12/18/2024 a close inspection of the current disney california adventure holiday coins which were placed onstage around december 4, 2024 confirmed that they were re-issued ca0285-287 coins from 2022. both the obverses and reverses have not changed. the guides will be noted that the coins were re-issued for the 2024 season. happy collecting, boomer.

12/18/2024  our thanks to alex l. in hong kong for sharing news and images of the two first ever   hong kong disneyland medallion machines! are these amazing?! the first medallion machine  located at main street city hall, features mickey mouse and donald duck on the mad hatter tea cups, minnie mouse on the cinderella carousel, chip n dale in mystic manor, and the hong kong disneyland castle of magical dreams. the second medallion machine located inside the emporium shop at main street, offers christmas medallions (limited to 2000) with images of stellalou and duffy the disney bear, shelliemay and linabell, gelatoni and cookieann, 'olu mel and linabell. update 12/31/2024 larger images thanks to alex l. in hong kong.  please note that these medallions are vended in plastic capsules, are made of metal and the images are in a cloisonné style. mickey and friends 2024 hong kong disneyland medallion set and the limited edition duffy and friends 2024 hong kong disney medallion set. happy collecting, boomer.


12/16/2024  our thanks to david m. for   being first to report and share images of a new dl0822-829 pressed penny machine and a new drm0184-185 medallion machine at the disneyland resort. the new machines were placed  inside the main street penny arcade / candy palace,  disneyland park on december 15, 2024. the disneyland resort pressed coin and medallion machine  locations page has been updated and  the guides will follow as soon as i have sample coins and medallions. it is assumed that the new machines replace the dl0795-802 and drm0094-97 souvenirs which will be provisionally "retired". happy collecting! boomer. note 12/17/2024: the candy palace set of eight coins appears to be a carry-over of 6 coin designs, plus two 2025 dated replacements for the previous 2024 dated coins. however, the machine uses two ring dies with four designs engraved on each ring. this would suggest that at least four of the previous engravings were replaced with new engravings. (even if the replacements used the "same designs".) likewise for the two medallions that appear to be carry-overs. we are waiting on samples of the souvenirs to do  detailed comparisons especially of the dl0795-802 set which has been given the provisional guide numbers of dl0822-829. guide listings are delayed until comparisons / conformations have been made. happy collecting, boomer

12/4/2024 our thanks to fellow collector, christina g. for reporting a newly placed holiday themed pressed penny machine. it's located at julius katz & sons, buena vista street, disney california adventure. the coins appear to be very similar to the ca0285-287 holiday coins from 2022. i will compare samples before updating the guides. the disneyland resort pressed coin and medallion machine  locations page  is updated and the disney california adventure pressed coin guide will be updated soon. happy collecting, boomer. update 12/18/2024 comparison of the original ca0285-287 coins with the current dca holiday coins confirmed that the current coins are the 2022 holiday set. it appears that the old machine has been placed back onstage. both the obverse and reverses did not change. 

11/28/2024 the parkpennies disney california adventure pressed coin guide has been updated to include scans of the latest ca0314-321 pressed pennies, plus images of the machine, marquee etc. happy collecting, boomer.

11/28/2024 some changes have taken place with the three disneyland park "lands set" penny presses located in the exit to the main street opera (lincoln). the dl0496-498  pressed coin machine is now offstage. the brer fox dl0508 coin in the still onstage dl0506-508 machine has been replaced by the dl0498 donald tomorrowland from the now offstage dl0496-8 machine. however, the third machine, the dl0489-91  machine remains onstage and unchanged. the "disneyland lands set of pressed coins" shows the original placement of the nine "lands coins". (eight lands themed coins plus one "let the memories begin" mickey pressed penny.) disneyland resort pressed coin and medallion machine  locations page has the current coins / machines. our thanks to kelly b. and mike r. for this timely report. happy collecting, boomer.

11/28/2024 our thanks to alex l. in hong kong for sharing images of the hkdl2408-10 winnie the pooh machine and coins to complement the marquee image shared by jimmy in hong kong. happy collecting boomer.

11/24/2024 the tiana's bayou dl0814-821 pressed penny set machine, marquee, and coin scans have been added to the guides. this machine has been moved outside of  louis' critter club  in bayou country (exterior building signage still reads "teddy barra's swingin' arcade") image courtesy of kelly b. happy collecting, boomer.

11/23/2024  report of the new ca0314-321 pressed penny set at off the page gift shop in disney california adventure, courtesy of kelly b. guide update with scans to follow. happy collecting, boomer.

11/23/2024 we've updated our guide to disneyland pressed coins to include the latest tiana's bayou adventure / bayou country pressed pennies. happy collecting, boomer.

11/23/2024 the disneyland resort pressed coin and medallion machine  locations page has been updated to include the newest machine in dca. guide numbers will be ca0314-321. happy collecting, boomer.

11/22/2024  kelly b. of the pressed penny exchange facebook group just reported a new penny press at at the off the page gift shop, disney california adventure. more to follow. happy collecting, boomer.

11/22/2024 the  "all disneyland resort souvenir medallions on one page!" has been updated with the latest (tiana's bayou) medallions. the page has images of every medallions ever issued (vended) at the disneyland resort with links to their related medallion guide pages. (offstage medallions  have a grayed background.) it's a great page to bookmark / share. happy collecting, boomer.

 11/21/2024 our thanks to jimmy in hong kong for reporting this new hong kong disneyland set of winnie the pooh magical coins near the hong kong disneyland winnie the pooh shop / attraction. guide numbers for this new set are hkdl2408, hkdl2409 and hkdl2410. we have added this set's marquee to the parkpennies hong kong disneyland magical coins guide. coin images to follow. happy collecting, boomer.
11/16/2024  our thanks to kelly b. of the pressed penny exchange facebook group,  david m., mike r., alex d. and michael h. for reporting new souvenir machines and sharing images. so far,   an eight play penny press was placed  in a temporary  location   behind the starcade / star trader in tomorrowland on 11/15/2024. the machine was then reportedly  moved to bayou country near tiana's bayou adventure on 11/16/2024. a four-choice tiana bayou themed medallion machine was  also placed   behind the starcade / star trader in tomorrowland last night and is reportedly still at that location today.  lastly, a new bayou themed medallion was reported in the california adventure magic key terrace medallion machine, replacing the walt and mickey medallion. here is a draft image of the new tiana's bayou country / adventure pressed coins and medallions. we've updated the draft disneyland resort pressed coin and medallion machine  locations page (which will be subject to revisions) and will be updating the parkpennies complete guide to disneyland resort medallions soon. happy collecting, boomer 
10/27/2024 a longtime fellow collector has listed some disneyland pressed coins for sale on ebay. many of them are retired. do check them out if you are looking to add to your collection. happy collecting, boomer.
10/21/2024 alex d. updated two california adventure three-play coin presses that have moved coin designs from one button placement to another. we've updated the guides. however because these button reassignments do not introduce new designs or modify existing designs, there are no  new guide numbers or coins. happy collecting, boomer

10/07/2024  our thanks again to alex l. in hong kong for reporting yet another hong kong disneyland magical coin machine! this latest find replaces the hkdl1119-1121 set from toy story land with a new inside out 2 themed set of three magical coins, the hkdl2405, 2406 and 2407. alex also shared additional images of the most recent hong kong disneyland machines which have been added to the newest page of the parkpennies hong kong disneyland magical coins guide. it has been a great week for this disney resort! 
10/06/2024  our thanks to alex l. in hong kong for reporting a new stitch pressed coin, which replaces the now offstage hkdl2309 pressed coin, at the hong kong disneyland resort. he has also shared images of the hkdl2308-2404-2310 hong kong disneyland resort stitch "magical coin" marquee and the hkdl2404 stitch coin. we've added this marquee image to the hong kong disneyland magical coin guide. happy collecting, boomer.



10/02/2024  our thanks to jimmy in hong kong for reporting a new set of hong kong disneyland chip n dale "magical coins".  new hkdl coins have been rare from this park, it's great to have this new set to share. we've added this marquee image to the hong kong disneyland magical coin guide. happy collecting, boomer.


09/29/2024 we've added a dedicated batuuan spira gift card / token page for fellow star wars collectors.  these unusual thick metal "tokens" have been offered at both disneyland and walt disney world.   so far, there are four "types" or "versions" of these collectibles. all are pictured on this new guide page. although the earliest, the type i gift cards, have increased in price, all the spira gift cards are still available and most are still very affordable if purchased as "empty" gift cards in the resale markets.  happy collecting,boomer.

 09/01/2024 alex d. alerted us to the miss-match between the dl0811-813 critter country pressed penny machine marquee and button set. the marquee is a carry-over of the dl0645-647 machine order, which offered the same designs with a different backstamp, suggesting that the coin order had not been changed: winnie, tigger and rabbit. however, the dl0811-813 machine buttons are arranged winnie, rabbit, tigger. our draft guide entry now reflects the machine/button order. kelly b. has offered to confirm that the machine buttons have been assigned correctly. so, please wait for the final revision of the dl0811-813 guide entry before numbering your books etc. [update: guide numbering and images are complete.] happy collecting, boomer
08/29/2024 [edited for clarity 8/31] our thanks to  kelly b. of the pressed penny exchange facebook group for being the first to report three new-ish pressed pennies in the newly reopened critter country (soon to be renamed bayou country).  the coins, pooh, tigger and rabbit pressed pennies, guide numbers dl0811, dl0812 and dl0813 appear to use the dl0645, dl0646 and dl0647 pooh, tigger and rabbit obverse coin dies paired with the retired dl0562-4 "critter country" backstamps / reverses. the disneyland resort pressed coin and medallion machine  locations page has been updated, the disneyland pressed coin guide will be soon. happy collecting, boomer.
08/16/2024 our thanks to brandon f.  for his continued help, especially with edits for the most recent updates / guide pages. happy collecting, boomer
08/16/2024 our thanks to alex d. for his continued help, especially with edits for the most recent updates / guide pages. happy collecting, boomer
08/16/2024 the latest disneyland resort medallions guide updates have been completed. more than 50 new images and two new guide pages including the d23 day at disneyland medallions as well as the d23 2024 "expo" medallions. the every medallion ever issued by the disneyland resort on one page has been updated as well as the constantly updated crowd-sourced listing of every medallion and coin press machine in the dlr area with descriptions and locations. as long-time parkpennies visitors know, for nearly 30 years now, parkpennies has been a "work in progress"  and made possible by your reports, edits and additions.  whenever you have an update, suggestion or edit, do email boomer to see an even better website and your name in print. :-) happy collecting, boomer
08/13/2024 updated pages and guides. our thanks to fellow collectors, kelly b., alex d., mike r., larry h., ricky k., and others for their contributions to the disneyland resort pressed coin and medallion machine  locations page. in turn, we updated the  images of all disneyland resort medallions ever issued,  both current and retired on one page. (with links to their guide pages!) 
                                                there have been many machine  changes over the past week, new machines, new locations and many medallions came and went... d23 day at disneyland, d23: 2024...  lots to sort out and keep current here  by and for fellow collectors and guests. if you spot a change, do email boomer and see your name in print. :-) happy collecting, boomer.
08/12/2024 lots of medallion changes happening currently. pixar fest and the d23 day at disneyland medallion offerings have ended.  several machines / medallions are now being replaced / updated / retired. if you are or in the park now or recently, please email boomer with your updates  to today's draft medallion location page. thanks and happy collecting, boomer.
08/10/2024 our thanks to ricky k. for reporting that the d23 day at disneyland medallion machines are offstage. the disney blog stated the medallions would be available (while supplies last) "from aug. 8-11, collectors will also be able to search for four new medallions featuring the d23 day at disneyland resort logo on one side and disneyland resort artwork on the other. the medallions will be available for purchase at candy palace and candy kitchen in disneyland park, kingswell shop at disney california adventure park and near the downtown disney live! stage and lawn at the downtown disney district." however ricky k. reported the machines were all offstage by late morning, today, august 10, 2024. additionally, kelly b. said the medallions may have all been sold out  last night,  august 9, 2024. that was a short run! the disneyland resort pressed coin and medallion machine  locations page has been updated. boomer.
08/09/2024 our thanks to the well-known disney collectors, delores and chuck n. for spotting a medallion numbering error. the d23 day at disneyland set of four medallions is currently offered at three different locations, but they are all are the same. therefore, their guide numbers should also be the same. (medallions, unlike pressed coins, are not assigned guide numbers based on gate e.g. disneyland, dca, downtown disney.) collectors who wish to collect medallions based on location may purchase duplicate sets at any of the locations and each location will be added to the guides. collectors that do not have access inside the gates of disneyland or california adventure, may purchase this set at the downtown disney location. the disneyland resort pressed coin and medallion machine  locations page has been updated and offers the locations of all the latest known disneyland resort area medallion and pressed coin machines. happy collecting, boomer.
08/08/2024  two new medallions reported at pioneer mercantile in frontierland by  kelly b. of the pressed penny exchange facebook group (also a medallion exchange :-). the  "a" and "b" buttons, toy story 2 and coco 2017 pixar fest medallions have been replaced with sheriff mickey and big thunder mountain railroad medallions. based on the order of discovery, these medallions will be numbered #177 and #178 [corrected 8/9].  the disneyland resort pressed coin and medallion machine  locations page has been updated again. please do link, bookmark and share this free crowd-sourced, by collectors and for collectors, pressed coin and medallion location list. happy collecting, boomer.
08/08/2024  the "disneyland d23 medallions" are now onstage. locations per the disney blog and parkpennies visitors are: the candy palace and candy kitchen in disneyland park, kingswell shop at disney california adventure park and near the downtown disney live! stage and lawn at the downtown disney district. prices are $30. for the set of four. early reports are that each machine has the same four medallions. the disneyland resort pressed coin and medallion machine  locations page has been updated. (some if not all pixar fest medallions have been taken offstage and replaced by the previous medallions. we are waiting for conformations before updating those locations.) happy collecting, boomer.
08/04/2024 our thanks to  kelly b. of the pressed penny exchange facebook group (also a medallion exchange :-) sharing pictures of the latest medallions and medallion machines at the disneyland resort. we are currently working on the latest updates to our complete guide to disneyland resort medallions. the disneyland resort has already issued  172 medallions. there may be more than 200 medallions by the end of this year! happy collecting, boomer
08/01/2024   our thanks to pedro jr fernandez on facebook for reporting a new medallion onstage at the disneyland resort.  it's the fourth medallion in the "disney attractions series" of medallions, captain jack sparrow. reports indicate that the pieces of eight gift shop medallion machine also now holds the earlier disney attraction series medallion #1, #2, #3, as well as this new #4 medallion.   the disneyland resort pressed coin and medallion machine  locations page will be updated soon. happy collecting, boomer
07/29/2024  our thanks to an annoy-mouse  reporter who shared news and an image of a new cast member retirement coin. word is that the retirement party was held on july 24th, 2024 to honor  everett rowlett for 42 years of service! i'll bet many readers will recognize his image on the coin. i remember everett for being friendly and... thankfully bringing more than one coin press back to life for my daughter and me over the past decades. more information about this new ds0025 disneyland shop coin and a guide listing to follow as we gather more information   from parkpennies visitors, friends and retirement party attendees. [update 7/30/24: i've added an early draft guide entry and page for everett's retirement coin to invite feedback, corrections, additions... to the guide entries.] do contact boomer if you have more to add. happy collecting, boomer.
07/22/2024 our thanks to  kelly b., mike r. and larry h. for sharing with us news  about four upcoming "disneyland d23 medallions". here is a quote from the disney parks blog at https://disneyparksblog.com/dlr/dont-miss-limited-time-d23-offerings-at-disneyland-resort/ : "from aug. 8-11, collectors will also be able to search for four new medallions featuring the d23 day at disneyland resort logo on one side and disneyland resort artwork on the other. the medallions will be available for purchase at candy palace and candy kitchen in disneyland park, kingswell shop at disney california adventure park and near the downtown disney live! stage and lawn at the downtown disney district." we will post updates as reports are received as well as update the disneyland resort pressed coin and medallion machine  locations page. happy collecting, boomer
07/14/2024 our thanks to cindy l. for her help improving the descriptions of some hong kong disneyland pressed coins. edits, corrections and additions by fellow collectors are key to documenting this wonderful hobby and are greatly appreciated. happy collecting, boomer. 
07/06/2024  our thanks to david m. for sharing images and the location of a new medallion at the disneyland resort. medallion #171, "poochie" the pirates of the caribbean dog with the keys, attractions series #3, is now onstage at the pieces of eight gift shop. (this medallion replaces the #135 attractions #2 medallion.) the  the disneyland resort pressed coin and medallion machine  locations page has been updated. (don't leave home without it. :-) [update 7/20: the #171 poochie medallion guide page has been updated.] happy collecting, boomer.

06/27/2024 haunted mansion pressed coin collectors will like  davidscointravels latest youtube video about disneyland's scarce  hitchhiking ghosts pressed quarter set. another great reason to subscribe to daivdscointravels on youtube. it's free! happy collecting, boomer







medallion #170
                                                              view guide page






06/20/2024  our thanks to  kelly b. for reporting the new inside out 2, 2024 medallion featuring anxiety,   embarrassment... at bing bong's sweet things in disney california adventure, aka medallion #170. the medallion previously held in the bing bong machine, medallion #155 toy story 4 pixar fest souvenir medallion featuring ducky and bunny, was moved to disney's grand californian hotel and spa replacing the pumbaa and simba medallion #118. the disneyland resort pressed coin and medallion machine  locations page has been updated. the guides will be completed soon, if i can unconfuse myself. :-) happy collecting, boomer
06/20/2024 our thanks to jamie b. for reporting a new medallion change / location at the grand californian hotel and spa and sharing images. medallion #155 toy story 4 2019 themed, ducky and bunny from bing bong's sweet things in dca has replaced medallion #118 timon, pumbaa and simba, button location #3 at the hotel. the disneyland resort pressed coin and medallion machine  locations page will be updated soon. happy collecting, boomer
06/01/2024 our thanks to raoul r. for his report and images updating the new location and look of  the lilo and stitch, spacesuit stitch, stitch, lilo, stitch & angel, pressed coins, hand crank penny press guide numbers dr0233-236. the machine has  moved from its "wetzel's pretzels" location to the "tortilla jo's restaurant location" east of the monorail station  and replaced the zootopia hand crank pressed coin machine which featured  judy hopps, flash slothmore, nick wilde, and benjamin clawhauser, pressed pennies, guide numbers dr0237-241. the zootopia machine has not yet been located elsewhere onstage and *may be* retired. the disneyland resort pressed coin and medallion machine  locations page has been updated and the guide listing for the dr0237-241 noted. happy collecting, boomer.
05/23/2024 another great reason to join tec and subscribe to daivdscointravels on youtube! check out davidscointravels youtube video about the recent tec auction, see some of the coins offered and prices realized for a variety of elongated coins, including disney. (information about how to join tec at the end of the video.) happy collecting, boomer
05/20/2024 new coins from long time friend and fellow tec member, oded paz, include a tribute to steamboat willie. the mintage is limited. interested collectors can view the denominations offered and  ordering information here. happy collecting, boomer

05/11/2024  our thanks to larry h. for asking about the penny press located at ramone's 
                                                house of body art                                                 in cars land. (it's listed on the disneyland resort pressed coin and medallion machine  locations page.)                                                the images / scans of the ca0310-313 pressed pennies,  ramone, lightning mcqueen,                                                luigi & guido, and mater will be added soon. its been a busy week. :-) happy collecting, boomer.
05/10/2024 the latest medallions are now mostly complete. over 200 images have been added. the editing of  "retired*" medallions is still in progress. (medallions sometimes move to a new location or return after they have been taken offstage. it's challenging.) this is the best page to view the new disneyland medallions. from that page, you may click on an image to open a larger image in a new window or you can click on the link below the image to open  the full guide listing for that medallion. the disneyland resort pressed coin and medallion machine  locations page is also current and is often updated. suggestions, new machine reports or report and error or typo, email boomer. happy collecting, boomer.
05/07/2024 [edited for clarity on 05/08/24] our thanks to mike r. for his report. i've updated the disneyland resort pressed coin and medallion machine  locations page. the new  astro blasters / lgm store command set, the #140-143 cars 2006, wall-e 2008, dory 2016 and lightyear 2022 medallions, have moved. the machine is now located on the star trader side of the walkway, inside the space mountain exit.  happy collecting, boomer
05/05/2024 i am currently processing image for the latest 39 medallions, machines and marquees to be listed in the upcoming guide listings. this takes some time. i know there are collectors that can't wait to see these new medallions. so, here are our draft images of  the latest medallions both obverse and reverse. (sorry these are not petty :-) page one of the latest disneyland resort medallions and page two of the latest disneyland resort medallions. for descriptions and locations of all the medallion and pressed penny machines onstage at the disneyland resort, please link, bookmark, share the very up to date, current parkpennies.com disneyland resort pressed coin and medallion machine  locations page. our thanks to johnny p. for his inquiry. happy collecting, boomer.
04/27/2024 [updated again 5-1-2024] the disneyland resort pressed coin and medallion machine  locations page has been updated with the latest medallions (39 new designs) and pressed penny machine (4 new designs) descriptions and locations. let me know if you spot any errors, it's been a very long,  fun day. happy collecting, boomer.
04/27/2024  the latest parkpennies machine locations, pixar fest medallions and pressed pennies. preliminary draft :-) last edit 4/28. disneyland: candy palace / main street penny arcade, four new pixar themed medallions. -outside the exit to buzz lightyear,
                                                four new pixar themed medallions. 
                                                -pieces of eight shop,
                                                one new "attractions set #2"  themed medallion featuring pirate red replaces the previous attractions set #1 medallion.                                                -pioneer mercantile,
                                                four new pixar themed medallions. 
                                                -space mountain exit,
                                                four new star wars themed medallions. dca: -bing bongs, 
                                                four new pixar themed medallions. 
                                                -carsland on route 66,
                                                new four-play penny press. 
                                                -grand californian, two new pixar themed medallions. 
                                                -kingswell camera shop,
                                                four new pixar themed medallions. 
                                                -magic key terrace,
                                                one new pixar themed medallion replaces the previous mickey and walt medallion. downtown disney: -disneyland hotel,
                                                two new pixar themed medallions replace two medallions in the previous set. -pixar place hotel,
                                                one new pixar themed medallion. 
                                                -star wars trading post,
                                                four new pixar themed medallions. 
                                                -world of disney #1,
                                                medallions from the main street penny arcade / candy shop moved to this location. (no new medallions at this location.) 
                                                -world of disney #2,
                                                four new pixar themed medallions. this list subject to edits. again our thanks to kelly b., kenny k., jessica m., mike r., alex d., elizabeth r., david m., ricky k. to name a few fellow collectors that have shared new machine locations with us all. happy collecting! boomer.
04/27/2024 our thanks to alex d. for sharing the current pixar fest medallion locations as posted on the disney website 4-27-2024 (not a parkpennies locations list).  we are still working on the parkpennies.com locations list, as it is confirmed by fellow collectors at the park. check back for updates. happy collecting, boomer.
04/27/2024 reports of new penny press and medallion machines are many. this old collector will take some time to sort them all out. the latest reports are of around 39 new medallions and 8 new pressed pennies! some older machines have been replaced. check back for updates and details.  happy collecting, boomer.
04/26/2024  more reports of new medallion machines! space mountain, carsland 4-play hand crank machine (my error. initially confused as  a downtown disney machine.) [update 1pm:] disneyland hotel and world of disney... our thanks to kelly b. (pressed penny exchange on facebook, scrapbooker23 on ebay) for these updates. [update 5pm:] our thanks to jessica m. for reporting a new 4-play hand crank penny press in carsland...   more to come... happy collecting, boomer.
04/26/2024  our thanks to david m. (star wars trading post) and elizabeth r. (main street penny arcade) for sharing news and pictures of new  new medallion machines at the disneyland resort. these are the first of the pixar fest themed medallion and pressed penny machines to be reported. machine and marquee pictures to follow. check back often for updates. the disneyland resort pressed coin and medallion machine  locations page will be updated later today and most likely several times over the next few days. happy collecting! boomer.
04/22/2024 a longtime friend and fellow tec member has offered some rarely seen disney themed  philatelic numismatic combinations, pnc’s by ewell gunther on ebay. if you have an interest, do check them out. they are "buy it now". happy collecting, boomer
04/19/2024 the latest guide listing for the dl0803-810 bonanza outfitters frontierland set has been completed including pressed coin images and guide numbers as well as machine and marquee images. our thanks to kelly b. (pressed penny exchange on facebook, scrapbooker23 on ebay) for her continued help with and contributions to the parkpennies guides. happy collecting, boomer.
04/12/2024  our thanks to kelly b. (pressed penny exchange on facebook, scrapbooker23 on ebay) for pictures and reporting of a new  penny press just inside the entrance of the bonanza outfitters in frontierland. this new vending style eight-play machine featuring sheriff mickey, cowgirl minnie, cowboy goofy, cowboy donald, minnie and mickey in a canoe, the mark twain steamboat, big thunder mountain train, and big thunder mountain's "billy the goat", replace the three-play cowboy themed dl0651, dl0652, and dl0653 penny press. the disneyland resort pressed coin and medallion machine  locations page will be updated today and the guides will follow. happy collecting! boomer.
04/06/2024 the disneyland resort has announced "pixar fest 2024" to be held april 26 through august 4, 2024. they have  also mentioned that pixar fest 2024 themed medallions will be placed throughout the resort. we  are of course also hoping for some new pressed coin designs as well. news will be posted here as these souvenirs become available at the park as well as updates to the parkpennies disneyland resort pressed coin and medallion machine  locations page. happy collecting, boomer
03/22/2024 lately, it's been really slow at the disneyland resort. no new machines have been reported since january!  if you are the first to find the next machine or location change   for the disneyland resort pressed coin and medallion machine  locations page, do contact boomer and see your name in print here, with full bragging rights! :-) happy collecting, boomer.
02/29/2024 our thanks to a major disney doubloons page contributor, brady j. his most recent doubloon images and page suggestions made possible updates to the very scarce wdw type i brass doubloon links and page placements. we will also be able to update the wdw type i brass doubloon images with the next full page edit. happy collecting, boomer.
02/28/2024 a fellow collector has confirmed the four medallions currently offered at harbor point / parkside cast member entrance are the drm0050 dumbo, drm0051 pinocchio, drm0052 mowgli and baloo. (these three medallions were previously located at the disneyland hotel.)  plus the drm0030a steamboat willie with copyright previously located at kingswell camera shop, dca. this guide page has images of all disney 100 years of wonder medallions both current and retired. happy collecting, boomer
02/27/2024 fellow collector, joe f. reported that the cm0045-47 machine was replaced by a medallion machine offering surplus disney 100 years of wonder medallions to cast members. we have not noted the cm0045-47 machine as retired, at this time, as it may return. happy collecting, boomer.
02/24/2024 our thanks to randy k. and kelly b. for sharing current souvenir machine locations. we've already updated  the disneyland resort pressed coin and medallion machine  locations page. please contact boomer if you are the first to spot a new machine location, design change or if any listed machine's location isn't clear to you or easy to find. happy collecting, boomer
02/22/2024 no new coins reported lately. but, you can view fellow disneyland pressed coin and medallion collector's ebay auctions. because the auctions are by parkpennies visitors or reference parkpennies guide numbers, they often feature coins featured in the parkpennies news or sometimes the scarcer, hard to find coins. (no auctions are offered by boomer or parkpennies staff. we do sometimes bid on them however. :-) visit this page if you'd like to link your auctions, it's free. happy collecting, boomer
02/16/2024 adam the woo featured wdw pressed coins on his video adventure today! do check out his channel and his videos... maybe comment that he should press some disneyland coins on his next california visit? :-) happy collecting, boomer
02/10/2024 the guides have all  been brought current to include the newest souvenirs which replaced all of the disney 100 years of wonder medallions and disney 100 years of wonder pressed coins throughout the month of january. (disney 100 years of wonder, d100 medallions complete: #18-#85 recently retired:
                                                #18-21 #26-29 #30-33 #34-37 #50-53 #54-57 #62-65 #66-69 #70-73 #74-77 #78-81 #82-85. disney 100 years of wonder, d100 pressed coins complete / recently retired: dl0760-67 dl0776-83 ca0288-90 ca0291-98 dr0209-12 dr0213-16  dr0217-24 dr0225-32.) the related pages e.g. the disneyland resort medallions page with images of all disneyland resort medallions etc.  have also been updated. more than 100 new images! for a summary of guide updates please see the parkpennies.com change log which is listed in the drop down menu. also, the parkpennies.com disneyland resort pressed coin and medallion machine  locations and souvenir descriptions is linked at the top right corner of most website pages and is constantly updated with the latest reported machine and souvenir changes. happy collecting, boomer.

01/30/2024  pixar place hotel dr0241-248 pressed pennies woody jessie & bullseye, joe gardner & mr. mittens, wall-e,  miguel rivera, mary gibbs aka boo, jack-jack parr, merida, nemo & dory, reverse: image of the pixar lamp, pixar place hotel  and... 
 pixar place hotel #127-130 medallions, sulley aka james p. sullivan & mike wazowski, woody & buzz lightyear, crush & squirt, russell & dug reverse: image of the pixar lamp, pixar place hotel  are now onstage. our thanks to kelly b. (pressed penny exchange on facebook, scrapbooker23 on ebay) for her report and excellent pictures. the  pressed coin and medallion location page has been updated with locations, descriptions and onstage dates. happy collecting! boomer
01/29/2024 no new medallion machines have been reported since our last update on 1/22/24. some of the new penny press machines have been repeatedly reported as out of order or in need of adjustment. our guide updates are delayed pending dlr machine repairs which i understand are in process. however, we do have coin design images and descriptions of the dr0209-212 and dr0213-216 on their guide page as well as all the other recently placed penny press machines on their respective guide pages. the  pressed coin and medallion location page is also current with locations and descriptions of all medallion and coin press machines that are currently onstage at the disneyland resort. happy collecting, boomer.


01/22/2024   more updates from kelly b. (pressed penny exchange on facebook, scrapbooker23 on ebay). both previously disney 100 years of wonder hand crank machines in downtown disney, dr0209-212 and dr0213-216, have  changed!our thanks to kelly b. for the machine and marquee images. the  pressed coin and medallion location page has been updated with the new downtown disney and candy palace machines. happy collecting, boomer.
 01/20/2024 our thanks to kelly b. and ricky k. for reporting a new penny press at the candy palace / penny arcade. guide numbers will be dl0795-802. it's an eight-play machine that replaces the previous disney 100 years of wonder set and offers the classic characters, mickey, minnie, donald, daisy, pluto, goofy, plus minnie 2024 and mickey 2024. our thanks to ricky k. for this image of the dl0794-802 candy palace penny press marquee. guide updates to follow. happy collecting, boomer.
 01/19/2024 our thanks to randy k. for his suggestion that the parkpennies pressed coin and medallion location page location name "opera house exit" be updated to match the disneyland apps location name of "the disneyland story" from the full disneyland app name, "the disneyland story presenting great moments with mr. lincoln". (i can understand the name opera house and abe lincoln weren't a good fit.) now, people new to disneyland will more easily find the location. we will also be phasing in a transition from "main street penny arcade" and its derivatives, to "candy palace". some of  us will lament the change remembering when a guest in the 1950s could plink away at the penny arcade's shooting gallery targets with a pump 22 caliber winchester 62a rifle. in the 1990s, guests enjoyed the show provided by a game of wacky gator among dozens of nostalgic arcade games. in the 2000s, guests enjoyed the addition of several "press you own coin" coin presses... but, in spite of the building signage, "penny arcade", nowadays the disneyland app calls it "the candy palace" as the candy kitchen has merged with the arcade. well,  nowadays in the "candy place" i do enjoy the  nuttles that the late chocolatier rob made famous. :-) happy collecting, boomer.
01/17/24  two more new penny presses were reported at the disneyland resort, in addition to the new three-play ca0299-301 machine at kingswell camera in dca, there is a new ca0302-309 eight-play penny press at collectors' warehouse offering guardians of the galaxy souvenirs and also a new set of eight dl0787-794 pressed coins at port royal curios with a haunted mansion theme. kelly b. (pressed penny exchange on facebook, scrapbooker23 on ebay) reported the latest arrivals. there are still a few disney 100 years of wonder penny presses and one medallion machine still onstage... stay tuned. the  pressed coin and medallion location page has been updated again today. i'm swamped, pressed coin guides will be updated soon. happy collecting, boomer.
 01/17/2024 we've published the  pressed coin and medallion location page update with   33  medallions and more than 150 new images! (our thanks to kelly b. (pressed penny exchange on facebook, scrapbooker23 on ebay) for sharing lots of onstage pictures.)  the  pressed coin and medallion location page has also been updated. happy collecting, boomer.


 01/14/2024 our thanks to ricky k. for sharing pictures of a new penny press at kingswell camera shop in disney california adventure. the disney 100 years of wonder penny press machine coins are now being replaced  sometimes the previous set of pennies and sometimes a new set.  kingswell camera has this new set of pressed pennies, the ca0299-301. guide updates to follow, lots of new coins and medallions to update! the  pressed coin and medallion location page has already been updated. happy collecting! boomer.
01/13/2024 the 33 new disneyland resort medallions now have permanent guide numbers  per the  pressed coin and medallion location page listings. many of these medallions are amazing. most all have disneyland specific designs or reverse  images. one features a banner reading "#1" and "disney attraction series". hmmmm....  some interesting souvenirs for sure and they are all currently available. guide updates with images etc. to follow soon. -for now, i've uploaded an "informal" :-) working image of the latest january 2024 disney medallions, #94-126. it's a big file, but features each of the new medallions and a sample reverse for each set. i hope it will be of help in making up your lists until the the disneyland medallions guides are updated. happy collecting, boomer
01/09/2024  our thanks to kelly b. (pressed penny exchange on facebook, scrapbooker23 on ebay) for reporting and sharing tons of images of nine, yes 9  medallion machine have changed at the disneyland resort! and my thanks for kelly's extensive help sorting out the many many changes. (some medallions appear to have been placed back on stage, others have been moved from one machine to another and in one case, the same four medallions were available in two different locations.) this can be confusing. :-) so... the  pressed coin and medallion location page has been updated. for now, the guide numbers are provisional pending examination of a few "un-retired" medallions for positive identification / possible changes. medallion guide updates will follow. happy collecting! boomer.
01/09/2023  don c. just shared his latest business card elongated coin, the "disneyland, pressed coin collector, 2024, walt disney world". the dt don's tributes, disney themed elongated coin guide will be updated later today to include this very cool coin. happy collecting, boomer.
01/08/2024 no reports of 2024 pressed coins or medallions at the disneyland resort as of this weekend. however, wdw has already retired many disney 100 years of wonder coins and medallions.  happy collecting, boomer
01/06/24 our thanks to randy k. for his suggestion to add onstage dates to the  pressed coin and medallion location page. now when at the park or planning a disneyland visit, it is easy to know which coins and medallions have been placed onstage since your last visit. (the most recent coins and medallions are still highlighted.)

                                                the  pressed coin and medallion location page in pdf format is now linked directly at the top right corner of most all pages for easy viewing and / or printing from smartphones, chromebooks, pcs or other devices. the green locations / map logo at the top of most pages will take you to a dedicated  page offering  pdf as well as excel and webpage formats. these downloadable files are easy to  save as is or   add your own notes... coins acquired / needed etc.  page updates are  often and include not only machine locations, but descriptions of every souvenir available at each location, the costs,  payment options and now  include even the date placed onstage. :-) we are told it is the best, most current and complete  list of disneyland resort area pressed penny and medallion machine locations available. we would love to take credit. but, credit goes to the many fellow collectors who share disneyland resort pressed coin and medallion changes with parkpennies. -if you are the first to spot a machine location change, report it to boomer and see your name in print. :-)  ps: please note  disney 100 years of wonder medallions are selling out.  
                                                sold-out medallions may be randomly replaced by substitutes. don't delay completing your collection. happy collecting, boomer.
01/01/2024 [edits 01/05/2024] we've streamlined this news page, a bit. everything is still here! i think. :-) the change log link was moved to the drop down menu, near the top along with the archived news links. this way they can be accessed from most all of the pages on this website. we've also reduced the homepage introduction and linked our new welcome page here as well as listing it prominently in the drop down menu. with the addition of the drop down menu at the top of most all pages, the secondary page / guide links were redundant;  nowadays the majority of our visitors are using mobile devices and smartphone screen space is limited. (this website was initially built in the 1900s :-) for full-sized desktop screens and legacy and, at the time, legacy 1200 baud connections.) news from the year before last, 2022 news, was moved from this page to a new 2022 news archive page. (all past news posts are periodically moved to these archive pages, which can be easily searched and go back to the last century!) please let me know if there are any other changes you'd like. i'll try. :-) happy new year and happy collecting, boomer

 2023 and earlier news here!


 




 parkpennies.com is a "cookie free", non-commercial,  ad-free hobbyist reference site by and for collectors with nothing for sale.  our mission is  purely to share,  promote and document this wonderful hobby   and its history. here we have posted our personal observations of disney pressed coin collecting  since 1988, our online posts since 1997 and most importantly  the collective knowledge contributed by fellow collectors, cast members and industry experts over all these years. this  by collectors and for collectors website welcomes  you to share your  knowledge and pictures here as others have  shared with you.   by the way, all parkpennies copyrighted properties, articles, guides,  and images are free to use, share and publish via a simple, generous, hobby friendly creative commons license. 







archived website content index

past  parkpennies content 2004+
road runner web site 1990s
penny history


intro to usenet history
1997 internet growth
1997-june posts
1997-july posts
1997-julya posts
1997-julyb posts
1997-julyc  posts
1997-sept posts
1997-septa posts
1997-oct posts
1997-octa posts
1997-dec posts
1997-deca posts
1997 early guide draft
1998-jan posts
1998-feb posts
1998 early guide letter


2004 5~7 news
2004 7~9 news
2004 9~10 news
2004 10~12 news
2005 1~3 news
2005 3~5 news
2005 5~12 news
2006 1~09 news
2006 10~10 news
2006 10~12 news
2007 1~12 news
2008 1~12 news
2009 1~12 news
2010 1~12 news
2011 1~12 news
2012 1~12 news
2013 1~12 news
2014 1~12 news
2015 1~12 news
2016 1~12 news
2017 1~12 news
2018 1~12 news
2019 1~12 news
2020 1~12 news
2021 1~12 news
2022 1~12 news2023 1~12 news
current news page


dl 2007-2010 news 
dl 2010-2014 news
dl 2014-2016 news 
dl 2017- news 


tdl 2005-6 news
tdl 2007-11 news
tdl current news 


hkdl current news 


all parks news


special articles






 


copyright permissions & terms of use *
your california privacy rights
www.parkpennies.com sitemap


 parkpennies.com assures you we are not affiliated with the walt disney company, nyse:dis, www.disney.com. (not that we would turn down a check.) all seals, graphics or trademarks that appear on this site are the property of their respective owners. e.g. disneyland resort, disneyland, disney, disney california adventure, are registered trademarks of the walt disney company.  disney has not endorsed or authorized any part of this free pressed penny and elongated coin reference site or its contents. 














top of page
pressed coin frames? (info)
  on 
 off



                                      our hobby friendly "fair use", "no cookies" and  ca privacy policies  (here).








   





















