




stihl international website - your manufacturer for power garden tools | stihl



























































                          menu 














about stihl
  
  







support
  
  







addresses worldwide
  
  
























local stihl websitesfind your stihl website in your country, with information on products, services and your local dealers.search location






























stihl products
discover our entire range along with comprehensive information on all stihl products in our catalogue or online. 





stihl catalogue 2024 (pdf)






view the range on your local stihl website























service information
find safety data sheets, battery working times, declarations of conformity, battery safety documents and more!





overview of topics






product recalls & warnings

































customer support
welcome to our customer service portal! this useful site is a central hub to answer your questions and access further support.
get your answers























information for press
whether it’s new, innovative products, up-to-date information about the company or other news from the world of stihl, everything is available to you at the click of a button.
to press information























about stihl
get to know more about stihl, including our history, our philosophy and our approach to sustainability. find information about careers at stihl here too.
visit our corporate site











the stihl world



















career opportunities



















stihl brand world



















stihl timbersports®



















stihl merchandise



















eva mayr-stihl foundation



















whistleblowing hotline











stihl on social media



















youtube channel



















instagram channel



















facebook page


























guides and projects
to help you get the most out of your stihl equipment, our stihl experts have created a range of guides, projects and advice for your tools.” 






select one of our local websites for practical knowledge and advice










timbersports® on social media



















timbersports® on youtube



















timbersports® on facebook 


















 stihl – a pioneer in power tools for over 90 years

























































close



                                stihl germany
                            

                                stihl careers
                            

                                stihl timbersports®
                            















#stihl










privacy policy


legal notice


cookies


whistleblower system





andreas stihl ag & co. kg
badstraße 115
d-71336 waiblingen






            online print version
          


andreas stihl ag & co. kg
badstraße 115
d-71336 waiblingen


















your browser is not supported
you are using a browser that we do not yet support. for optimum use of our website, we recommend that you switch to one of the following browsers: 



firefox



chrome



safari



edge
















