















converse, tx - official website | official website









 















skip to main content


















create a website account - manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more.   

website sign in













 












search







 
 
 


    government      city services      community  


 

 

 




 














public works - report a problemstreets, sidewalks, grounds, parks, stormwater/drainage& fleet








agendas & minutesfollow city board meetings








employmentview current openings








economic developmentview current projects








watch our meetings online








online bill payeasily pay your bills online








report a problemlet us know










 
 
 











 
























connecting community + commerce







	stay up to date with the latest highlights
 






  
 
 















converse public library's achievement of library excellence award 


the converse public library in converse, texas has received the 2024 achievement of library excellence award from the texas municipal library directors association (tmlda,) an affiliate of the texas municipal league.						read on...







the 12th annual converse goes green day 


the city of converse will host its 12th annual converse goes green day on saturday, april 12th from 10 a.m. to 1 p.m. at the d.w. rutledge stadium (900 s. seguin)						read on...







converse comprehensive plan 


we want your input! as we begin our comprehensive planning process, we want the converse community's input. go to converse2050.com to make comments and learn more about the converse comprehensive plan.						read on...






2023 water quality report 


additional info...











/civicalerts.aspx


  
 
 













 








 
 
 













converse public library's achievement of library excellence award 

the converse public library in converse, texas has received the 2024 achievement of library excellence award from the texas municipal library directors association (tmlda,) an affiliate of the texas municipal league.				read on...







the 12th annual converse goes green day 

the city of converse will host its 12th annual converse goes green day on saturday, april 12th from 10 a.m. to 1 p.m. at the d.w. rutledge stadium (900 s. seguin)				read on...







converse comprehensive plan 

we want your input! as we begin our comprehensive planning process, we want the converse community's input. go to converse2050.com to make comments and learn more about the converse comprehensive plan.				read on...






view all news




/civicalerts.aspx


  
 
 

 





 
 
 



 














city of converse texas

 






  
 
 














	406 s seguin, converse, tx 78109
 




	phone: 210-658-5356
 




get directions
 






  
 
 



  
 
 



  
 
 














home







site map







contact us







accessibility







copyright notices







government websites by civicplus®













/quicklinks.aspx



 
 
 



  
 










 





 
 
 












loading









				loading
			


do not show again
close





















arrow left



arrow right





[]



slideshow left arrow





slideshow right arrow









