







 



home - college power performers






























































































 




 














skip to content







college power performers


book your event today & save!
1-315-735-9667
home about artists reviews links contact us top barfacebook page opens in new windowx page opens in new windowyoutube page opens in new windowinstagram page opens in new window

home comedy hypnotists/magicians & mentalists ghost hunters & paranormal game shows & casino nights novelty/inflatables novelty entertainers speakersmtv lgbtq women’s issues black history leadership celebrities & sports stars national acts  concerts/music 




 
home comedy hypnotists/magicians & mentalists ghost hunters & paranormal game shows & casino nights novelty/inflatables novelty entertainers speakersmtv lgbtq women’s issues black history leadership celebrities & sports stars national acts  concerts/music 



















































book now! email us or call 1-315-735-9667


request a quotebrowse our selection of artists for your event







robert channing
mentalist, hypnotist & speed painter










devin henderson
comedian










rusty dewees “the logger”
comedian










amy tee
comedian










gabriel holmes
hypnotist










stephen knight
magician










murray sawchuck
illusionist










john pizzi
ventriloquist & comedian










rich redmond
drummer, actor, speaker & educator










ross allison
ghost hunter










the extreme magic of eric
magician










bill birnes
ufo hunter










scott flansburg
the human calculator










steve max
master of simon sez










dueling pianos
comedy musicians










ace aceto
comedian


browse all artists


0colleges served


0satisfied clients


0types of entertainmentfeatured artist







robert channing
mentalist, hypnotist & speed painter








view artist infoour gift to you!


book 1 event… get a $100 gift card!
book 2 events… get a $200 gift card!
book 3 events… get a $500 gift card!
book your whole semester with us and get $1,000—$2,000 in gifts!!!











give to a deserving student, use it as a door prize, or keep it for yourself… the choice is yours!
just our way of saying thank you for doing business with us!
we’ve given away over $200,000 in gifts!!!





9 reviews for college power performers



trustworthy reviews are our priority. businesses can’t pay to change or remove reviews.



5.0out of 5.0





quality of service5.0responsiveness4.9professionalism5.0value5.0flexibility4.9


write a review


filterreview score1 - 5review for college power performers5/5review for college power performersposted  by  melissa on  november 2, 2021 i have hired matica circus to perform at a variety of events along with my staff who provide other types of entertainment. they are reliable and they keep the crowd entertained. top quality here.
quality of service score: 5responsiveness score: 5professionalism score: 5value score: 5flexibility score: 5college/company:beach party balloonsreview for college power performers5/5review for college power performersposted  by  chuck lloyd — director of student life on  august 20, 2018 i have been working with college power performers for over eight years and their continued professionalism and integrity is second to none. nhti has had a number of their talented individuals come to campus, including robert channing, and these performers have yielded the largest crowds in school history!
quality of service score: 5responsiveness score: 5professionalism score: 5value score: 5flexibility score: 5college/company:nhti, concord’s community college, nhreview for college power performers4.8/5review for college power performersposted  by  nicole pellegrino — director of student activities and leadership on  august 20, 2018 working with college power performers was so quick and easy. in less than a day we had booked three great events for both fall and spring semester. college power performers was easy to work with, and i know our students will love the things we are bringing to campus!
quality of service score: 5responsiveness score: 4professionalism score: 5value score: 5flexibility score: 5college/company:wells college, aurora, nyreview for college power performers5/5review for college power performersposted  by  liz — coordinator of student activities on  august 20, 2018 


we loved robert channing. the house was packed. he had crazy predictions. he knew stuff about people that we had no idea and everyone was really freaked out. but it was great and we loved him and we’ll definitely have him back.





your browser does not support the video tag.



quality of service score: 5responsiveness score: 5professionalism score: 5value score: 5flexibility score: 5college/company:the culinary institute of america, hyde park, nyreview for college power performers5/5review for college power performersposted  by  bill dustin — director of events and guest services on  august 20, 2018 booked over 50 events with power performers. the shows were great!
quality of service score: 5responsiveness score: 5professionalism score: 5value score: 5flexibility score: 5college/company:mvcc, utica, nyreview for college power performers5/5review for college power performersposted  by  annette miller — dean of students on  august 20, 2018 awesome shows! i highly recommend college power performers. students and faculty were awestruck!
quality of service score: 5responsiveness score: 5professionalism score: 5value score: 5flexibility score: 5college/company:solebury school, pareview for college power performers5/5review for college power performersposted  by  erin morrell — associate dean for campus activities and orientation on  august 20, 2018 


we just had robert channing and he had our audience in stitches the whole time. they couldn’t believe all the stuff that he was doing. it was awesome. we’d have him back and it was worth every penny.





your browser does not support the video tag.



quality of service score: 5responsiveness score: 5professionalism score: 5value score: 5flexibility score: 5college/company:albertus magnus college, new haven, ctreview for college power performers4.8/5review for college power performersposted  by  jean — coordinator of student activities on  august 20, 2018 we just had robert channing here tonight and he was amazing. students loved him, he read everyone’s minds and we really enjoyed it. we can’t wait to have him back.
quality of service score: 5responsiveness score: 5professionalism score: 5value score: 5flexibility score: 4college/company:georgian court university, lakewood, njreview for college power performers5/5review for college power performersposted  by  andy binder — director of campus activities on  august 20, 2018 


we’ve had robert channing come here so many times and every time he never ceases to amaze the entire crowd. he made believers out of skeptics and people were walking out of here speechless. amazing once again. thank you robert.





your browser does not support the video tag.



quality of service score: 5responsiveness score: 5professionalism score: 5value score: 5flexibility score: 5college/company:hartwick college, oneonta, ny


load morehow to have great programs


check out the article below to learn more about how you can save time, money and increase your event attendance!




“3 little-known secrets to dramatically reduce or even eliminate the time you spend in programming rock-solid events!”


request a free, no obligation quote for your event using the form below or call 1-315-735-9667!

 











name *
	




e-mail *
	




phone *
	




event date *
	




describe your event *
	










		





















categoriescomedy
hypnotists/magicians & mentalists
ghost hunters & paranormal
game shows & casino nights
novelty/inflatables
novelty entertainers
speakers
concerts/music
as seen on
contact us

	for booking information please call us toll free at:
	1-315-735-9667



 









					© college power performers, 2014-2025website design & development by gray owl works, llc


contact sitemap privacy policy bottom bar







go to top

























































