



robotech


























news
store
roboverse
forums
about




robotech






























robotech at san diego comic-con 2024!
join your fellow fans for an in-depth discussion and the latest news on new robotech comics, toy lines, and more on thursday, july, 25th at 7:00 p.m. in room 5ab!










robotech at anime expo 2024!
the 2024 robotech convention tour makes its annual stop at this year’s anime expo! come see our panel at the largest anime convention in north america, this coming 4th of july weekend!










2024 robotech convention tour launches at wondercon on march 29th!
join your fellow fans for the latest developments in the robotech universe on friday, march 29th @ 4:30 p.m. in panel room north 200a!










robotech weekend in boise, idaho!
the robotech convention tour makes its first-ever stop in the gem state at the 208 toys fandom faire in boise, idaho on october 21-22, 2023.










robotech weekend at botcon 2023!
the robotech convention tour makes its first-ever stop at botcon, the official transformers convention for a weekend filled with transforming goodness!










frank agrama founder and chairman of harmony gold passes away at 93










robotech day at new york comic con 2022!
harmony gold and reed pop are proud to announce that the new york comic-con is now a stop on the 2022 robotech convention tour! harmony gold will be hosting a panel on friday, october 7th @ 10:45 a.m. to give fans the latest information on all the latest robotech developments!










robotech weekend at fan x 2022 in salt lake city!
the robotech convention tour will be at fan x 2022 in salt lake city, utah on september 22-24th!










robotech weekend in the dallas-fort worth metroplex!
the robotech convention tour arrives at fan expo dallas on june 17 to 19, 2022!










robotech weekend in the florida panhandle!
the robotech convention tour makes its first ever stop at infinity con in tallahassee, florida on june 4 to 5, 2022. updated with panel schedule!










udon’s robotech archive books for southern cross and mospeada now shipping!
udon’s robotech visual archive books for southern cross and genesis climber mospeada are now in stock and shipping!
features rarely-seen pre-production art uncovered from vaults, and english translations of japanese pre-production captions, for even hardcore anime fans to enjoy!










announcing the robotech: homefront rpg by strange machine games!
strange machine games is bringing the next chapter of the robotech rpg, with homefront! spanning 275 pages, homefront will cover the robotech masters and the new generation sagas! coming july 2022, order your copy now through kickstarter!











robotech blu-ray collector’s edition now shipping!
funimation’s robotech blu-ray collector’s edition is now available and shipping, exclusively from funimation.com! this limited edition features a new true hd transfer and remaster from film, a limited edition skull leader 1/100 scale figure, military style patches and 7 hours of special features!










robotech streaming on funimation starting aug 24!
it’s time to suit up! all 85 episodes of robotech will be streaming august 24 on funimation. 
not only that, robotech ii: the sentinels and robotech: the shadow chronicles are also coming to funimation on the 24th! 










udon presents sdcc 2021 t-shirts!
robotech fans! udon is thrilled to add 3 brand new tees to their sdcc 2021 lineup! shop the udon store & grab your favorite robotech tees, books, & collectibles today!










toynami sdcc 2021 exclusive: 1/100 rick hunter battlecry vf-1j  with figure
san diego comic con 2021 might be virtual this year, but that won’t stop toynami from bringing exclusives! this 1/100 scale battle-damaged battlecy edition vf-1j comes with a rick hunter action figure and is limited to 1000 units! order now from toynami’s online store!










strange machine games presents robotech: reconstruction!
choose a faction and vie for the future of earth. only one faction will gain complete control and the stakes could never be higher! 
preorder discount price $35, retail will be $45










robotech lands on funimation’s streaming platform, blu-ray
the space opera anime epic of humans defending their homeworld against alien domination is set to return for a new generation of audiences as funimation brings the franchise to its service later this fall. the robotech home entertainment collector’s edition, available exclusively on funimation shop, contains all 85 episodes of the series, all remastered for the first time on blu-ray.










1/48 scale invid scout and shocktrooper from meptoys!
new from meptoys! invid scouts and invid shocktroopers in 1/48 scale to match toynami’s masterpiece alpha fighters! preorder now, shipping in december 2021!










big west co. ltd., studio nue, inc. and harmony gold u.s.a. announce expansive agreement for the future of macross and robotech worldwide!
april 9, 2021 - tokyo, japan & los angeles, california -  landmark agreement between the anime companies will allow immediate international distribution of most macross television sequels and films, while affirming harmony gold’s rights to the robotech franchise. both companies will cooperate on the international distribution of future macross and robotech projects post 2021. 



news




read more news
read more news







facebook  /  twitter
by using this web site, you are agreeing to the terms of use.
customer service | privacy policy | contact us | about robotech.com
©1985-2025 harmony gold usa, inc. all rights reserved.












enlist
forgot my password











login













































re-engage
login
create an account


system time 1739699684
welcome













robotech.com is back!

rebuilt with new alien technology, the new robotech.com is back and better than ever! rejoin our website for the latest news on the robotech universe!
re-engage

enlist now





don't show again















