

















casuarina beach | live by the beach | northern nsw



























































explore
location
now selling
news
developer
contact us
register
 






























explore
location
now selling
news
developer
contact us
register
 
















as good
as life gets
discover northern nsw beachside living










enquire now for future releases









nestled between kingscliff and cabarita, casuarina is one of the best-kept-secrets of the northern nsw coast.











 


					a premium collection of homesites				



coastal seclusion meets urban convenience 
life at casuarina is both leisurely and vibrant, luxurious and laidback. at casuarina beach, life has never been better.
learn more














casuarina
a local’s guide
alongside a stretch of sandy white beach and crystal blue ocean water, casuarina beach combines the very best of idyllic coastal living with every contemporary convenience. from breakfasts at nearby café and bakery tucker to afternoon strolls along the sand, every whim is yours to indulge; every moment yours to enjoy.
explore





 





casuarina  beach
paradise on your doorstep
casuarina, named for the wispy she-oak trees that fringe the beachfront, is a quiet local enclave that welcomes owner occupiers and holiday-makers to enjoy its casual ambience, luxury lodgings and quality cuisine from coffee and pastries to fresh-made pasta and asian inspired menus.
steps from the beach, where you can join the walking path that connects along the coastline, living here is sure to be refreshing and restorative.








 





tucker
unforgettable coffee  
bringing classic australian cafe fare, or ‘tucker’ if you will, back to life.
eggs on toast, granola and buttermilk hotcakes are the usual suspects on most cafe menus – and while you’ll find these dishes at tucker, the combination of local produce, a sustainable ethos and a little bit of magic from the kitchen is putting these iconic aussie cafe dishes back into the limelight with a little bit of flair.








 





nikkou
sustainable boutique 
nikkou is a boutique with carefully curated womenswear, children’s clothing and lifestyle pieces. nikkou means sunlight in japanese so i wanted to translate that feeling throughout the store design and on the shop floor. the clothing reflects the coastal location where life is carefree and slow.








 





seven blooms casuarina
a floral haven 
seven blooms casuarina have a reputation for using only the freshest sourced flowers from all over australia and the world.
having the highest qualifications and have won awards within the wedding industry, the girls pride themselves on their experience, attention to detail, creativity, customer service and most of all our love and knowledge of flowers.








 





cabarita beach
whale spotting headland
dividing cabarita beach and casuarina beach is norrie headland. offering striking views of the north coast the headland is also a great vantage point for a chance to see migrating whales at right time of the year.

















 




register your interest
future releases
generous beachside apartments, terrace homes and retail/commercial spaces are in the final planning and design stages for the land east of casuarina way. register your details to stay up-to-date with new releases.
 
view future releases



					a premium collection of homesites				













enquire today
stop scrolling, start living in casuarina beach.















© 2025
privacy policy
disclaimer
facebook
instagram






























property focused creative by cresser


disclaimer: whilst every care has been taken by clarence property in the preparation of this website, clarence property does not make any representation or warranty as to the accuracy or completeness of any statement in it, and will not be liable for you relying on any information contained in this website. persons viewing this website should conduct their own inquiries and investigations, and seek their own legal and financial advice. the information on this website is subject to change, and clarence property is not responsible for providing updated information to any person.
the information contained within this website is protected by copyright. except as specifically permitted, no portion of the content or design may be reproduced by any means, without the prior written permission of the developer.
clarence property corporation limited acn 094 710 942, afsl 230212, is the issuer of the pds for clarence property diversified fund arsn 095 611 804 and epiq lennox property trust arsn 626 201 974. please read the pds and tmd at clarenceproperty.com.au before deciding whether to invest. 




















