



yorkie friends rescue













    






  













  






 


see pictures of our members' yorkiesclick here






a  poem about a rescue dog










 









to see yfr dogs on ptefinder click on prtfinder logo



 


to contact a member of yfr click on the mail box



 


foster moms click here to make a flyer for your foster dog and post in pet stores and vet offices and other places for more adoption applicants.



  


at the bridge waiting on us










    









yorkie friends rescue believes that all yorkshire terriers and yorkie mixes deserve loving and caring homes and the medical care necessary to ensure the best possible quality of life, regardless of their age or condition; and the members will rescue yorkies and yorkie mixes in need, then strive to work together in a spirit of co-operation and mutual respect to achieve that goal for the yorkies in our care; and through our endeavors we shall seek to educate the public about the cruelty to animals that exists in our country, and how they can help to end it.



           






       


911 click here to report a yorkie in need of rescue.



   to read about the perils that exist for dogs and other animals in our country, and how you can help to save the animals from these dangers, click on any of the links displayed down the right margin of our web site.yorkie friends rescue is not affiliated with any of the organizationspermission when permission when necessary, only to further the education of the public.of the public. 



thevoicefordogs.org






toxic foodsthese foods can be deadly to dogs.* onions or onion powder*chocolate* coffee* tea* alcoholic beverages* macadamia nuts* hops (used in home beer      brewing)*grapes and raisins* tomato foliage (leaves &      stems)*green parts of potato            (green peeling, sprouts,        foliage)*rhubarb leaves* avocados* pits & seeds from fruits          (plum, apricot, peach,          apple, cherry)* bitter almonds* moldy or spoiled foods



www.aspca.org/apcc 



list of toxic plants click here






puppy rescue & adoption:adopt a homeless puppy in your area...



adopt-a-shelter-puppy.1-800-save-a-pet.com/ 







humanesocietyoftheunitedstates 



spay/usa, a program of the pet savers foundation, is a nationwide network and referral service for affordable spay/neuter services.our mission is to reduce the number of unwanted cats and dogs and to stop their suffering. anyone who needs assistance finding affordable spay/neuter services can benefit from calling spay/usa!






spayusa.org



  


the college of veterinary medicine is a vital part of mississippi state university and it serves the state, region, and nation through teaching, research, clinical service and public service. we hope you enjoy your visit to our website and we invite your comments to the webteam.






mississippi state univerity veterinary medicine






rescue me poem click here



 


poem dedicated to those who rescue click here



 


in loving memory of our little friends waiting on us at the rainbow bridge.



 


read the stories of these and other dogs that are at the bridge. click here



 


a dog's prayer click here










   






web site designed by tim harvey. organization's birth date. march 30 2005 







[ home ] 
[ adoption application ] 
[ available yorkies ] 
[ membership application ] 
[ special need yorkies ] 
[ successful adoptions ] 
[ yorkie in need of a friend report ] 
[ list of officers and coordinators ] 
[ the yorkie friends families ] 
[ contact us ] 
[ the yorkie shoppe ] 
[ adoption agreement ] 
    


to read about some more of our successful yorkie friends rescue adoptions.click here



 


reasons to adopt an older dog click here



   


how could you click here



since yorkie friends rescue corporation began on march 30, 2005, we have successfully adopted to forever homes, 
 455 dogs 



a foster parent speaks






the mission of the deaf dog education action fund is to provide education and funding for the purpose of improving and/or saving the lives of deaf dogs. we are a non-profit organization founded to speak on behalf of and assist in the betterment of life for deaf dogs everywhere.



 www.deafdogs.org 



all dogs adopted from yorkie friends rescue are spayed/neutered, updated on vacinations, receive a heartworm test and a fecal test, a thorough vet exam, and are treated for any infections or conditions before adoption.













names of people  we appreciate for their donations.click here



      
      
      



thepetcenter.com is presented to you as a free pet care resource bypetfooddirect.com and nationalpetpharmacy.compet dentistry: dogs and cats need dental care, toothepetcenter.com



  click here 



click here to read a rescue poem






[ permanent fostered dogs ]






www.lowchensaustralia.comcanine skin problems & diseases






vetlocator.com






largest directory of pet professionals and pet resources anywhere, in one place!place!



     


visit our ebay store. click here






rescuegroups.org



 






the adoption donation required for each dog helps cover the vet costs for all of the dogs. so many dogs are sick or require a lot of vet care to get them adoptable. many others are too old and feeble to be adopted and must stay in one of our foster homes for the remainder of their lives. the adoption donations of the younger healthier dogs helps pay a portion of those bills. even those adoption donations do not cover all of the vet bills we have to pay, so we also have to rely on public donations to pay for excess vet bills. we are 501c-3, so all donations are tax deductible.adoption donations are not tax deductible.click here to see more available dogs 
 







our members and the people who visit our website often share beautiful stories and poems about rescue, rescue dogs, and beloved pets with us. we like to make some of the most touching and beautiful ones available for everyone to enjoy. click on the links in this section to read some of the stories and poems about the sweet dogs and the cause we serve. 
 


rescue poems & stories






see the educational links in the right margin of this page for information on a variety of topics including, the perils of puppymills, animal cruelty research and issues, veterinary and first aid information, pet behavior, and other topics.



 do you search the web? if so, you could be raising $0.02 for yoriefriendsrescue, every time you search! isearchigive.com is a search engine powered by igive.com, the internet's first online shopping mall where a portion of each purchase is donated to your favorite cause.try it today - it's free! http://www.isearchigive.com/?s=28&c=32385 
click the banner ad todownload  iseachigive 



to see yfr dogs on ptefinder click on prtfinder logo



 









 



sponsor and donate click here



yorkie friends rescue cannot take new fosters at this time!!right now we have no money, and desperately need donations for the regular care and intermittent critical care of 3 sweet little permanent fosters, all of whom have special needs issues and for whom we are responsible for the remainder of their lives!! while they all have serious issues which require regular medications and prescription diets, as well as their regular and intermittent vet sick care, they all still have a great quality of life. we are committed to giving them a good life for as long as their problems can be successfully managed, but we cannot do it without donations from caring people!!! please read about them and find it in your heart to help us enable them to continue that life quality!! we must maintain funds on hand to meet any emergency issues that will certainly arise with senior/special needs dogs.we are 501c-3, so donations are 100% tax deductible!!!!all donations will pay only for the vet care, food, and medications!1.      sugar is the sweetest girl ever!! she is 16 yrs/6.5 lbs and came to yfr in 2014. in spite of multiple benign hepatic and splenic masses, gallbladder debris, and incontinence, her foster mom says she is an amazing, happy little girl!!!she takes  2x daily tramadol to  relieve discomfort and prion for incontinence.  she recently had an ulcer in her eye, which required $600 to cure!!! thankfully she has a wonderful foster mom!!!!2.      bella is a beautiful 8 lb/10 yr old girl who was surrendered to yfr in 2016 due to ibs and an allergic reaction to her vaccinations. we placed her on an rx food for ibs, but in apr 2017 she was diagnosed with hepatoportal microvascular dysplasia. her rx food was changed to take care of both issues.  she is blessed with an amazing foster mom!!!!3.      rhett: at barely 2 yrs/4.5lbs he came to yfr from another rescue in jan 2015 after being chained outside for more than a year in his 3rd home! terrified of men, storms, all noises, sudden movements, and his shadow, he didn’t bark for more than a year! he had juvenile cataracts and had lost site in 1 eye. soon after he was hospitalized with 2 critical rounds of pancreatitis, which proved to be chronic and required lifetime rx food. with guidance from a behaviorist his foster mom has worked diligently with on his fears and he is finally a much more secure little man and will even let men pet him!!!  ...and weights his normal 8.5 lbs!! 
  









 










 
 


foster mom is adopting rhett. 








