



alaska homesteads ~ alaska land, homes, cabins, lodges, and remote property for sale


































home listings for sale area 
          info  maps  furnishings  rentals (new!)
















alaska homesteads
is an alaska real estate directory, 
                and  includes  listings of vacation homes, 
                cabins, wilderness land and remote properties for sale. also included are  "for sale 
                by owner" listings of lots, acerage, cabins and homes in anchorage, 
                soldotna, wasilla, fairbanks, juneau, kenai, homer and other areas 
                of alaska! available vacation rentals are also now offered.












       











 



 



property of the month for sale














 
 
40 acres on nuyakuk river of the bristol bay area of alaska 
- cabin,  boats, etc.
alaska hunting / fishing camp or lodge !
asking $199,000 with some owner financing. this is a sportsman's paradise and one of the best hunting and fishing spots in the famous bristol bay / tikchik lakes area of alaska. this is a remote fly in property with about 3/4 of a mile of river frontage! the cabin has 2 rooms and a shower, metal roof and is wired for a generator which comes with the property. the cabin and 40 acres comes as a turn key operation all items staying with the property also including 2 boats and outboard!
 for pictures and more information, click here. 
                        and for more info, contact richard at - (907) 242-7245, or email:
richard@alaskaoutdoors.com 















 

 





 
 












 







alaska real estate for sale - statewide






 




 

home for sale in kenai, alaska
beautiful, spacious 3000 sq ft custom home on 5 acres overlooking the kenai river flats at 36971 makymi lane, kenai, alaska.
this 4 bedrooms, 3 1/2 baths home also comes with 3 cabins for rent for extra income.
sale price $915,000 

serious inquires only at midnightsuncabins@gmail.com












vacation rental
alaska kenai river fishing cabin for rent

                        this upscale cabin with river frontage has 2 bedrooms and 1 bath on the kenai river. cabin sleeps up to 5. lodging includes exclusive shore fishing for various species of alaska salmon and trophy rainbow trout. rental by the day or week between june 1st and october 15th.
see our website at www.kenairentalcabins.com  .
 contact  907-242-7245 or email info@alaskaoutdoors.com for more information.
 

 


 









 







 
day 
                          bay oceanfront - sold

for sale by owner. perfect cabin site on prince william sound close to seward. day bay is located just around the corner from resurrection bay.waterfront acerage. asking $17,500. for more info contact: - gale at (907) 398-8859 







 
 vacation rental

kenai river cabin for rent

                          this waterfront cabin on the kenai river has 3 bedrooms and 2 baths with a large deck overlooking the kenai river. hickory cabinets, stainless steel appliances, and granite countertops. 350 ft of private shoreline for the best sockeye salmon fishing on the kenai river. rental by the day or week between may 1st and october 15th.
see our website at www.kenailodges.com .
 contact owner at 907-242-7245 or email info@alaskaoutdoors.com for more information.






                  alaska  real estate -   for rent

check out our new rentals page! 




 







  
              


featured  real estate -   alaska's kenai peninsula 
cabins and homes for sale, building lots, land and acreage also available for building your dream vacation home. home mortgage and financing information available.   
          check out maps and information about the area!
for real estate in other western states,
please visit our land and western homesteads directory.             
            for information on the best alaska fishing locations and guides,
              please see the alaska outdoor adventures website.
            for lodging while looking for your dream property,
please visit our great alaska hotels directory.





for more information on listing your 
              property in this alaskan real estate directory,
            please contact:

alaska internet marketing, inc.
.anchorage, alaska 
              tel: (907) 242-7245
              email: info@alaskaoutdoors.com

home listings for sale area 
          info  maps  furnishings rentals (new!)
© copyright 2022, alaska internet 
              marketing, inc. all rights reserved.
you 
              are visitor:

 





                  visit the anchorage alaska shopping mall




 
 








 






