












explaining myself - personal blog of david e. pinero








explaining myself.




        remember hyperlinks? 
    

home | about | contact | archived | things | follow 
         | login



        passing thought    
the indie web movement is way too technical or something.  let's just maybe do this on the straightforward world wide web and not enshitify.  criteria met.
read all


        notice
    

david (earl) pinero's web place
this place is a publishing repository
this is my www repository.  it used to be my blogging platform but you can read this to understand why i changed things up and what it means for any content that you might find here today.
today i real-time emote using the meta funnel with meta threads as my chief landing point for all my personal domains except the one titled after this repository.
yes, it's a concession against my better philosophy.  for all my misgivings about meta's role in the decay of the real web, it and other commercial social media platforms offer a solid system for personal digital broadcasting which i see now as different from personal publishing.  took me a while to appreciate that there is a difference but there is.
as for this repository i tuck two kinds of content here.  first, concentrated personal content and information about me for whatever reason of real or imagined importance.  links to this staged content will be linked from my wider social output as appropriate. 
i also engage in a practice of archiving or "regurgitating" signficant posts made elsewhere if i think a particular one so merits.  the archived post may contain additional edits or clarifications to the original -- where ever it may have first appeared -- so one should always take the iteration here as the most accurate and updated of my intent and feelings on something.
if all of that strikes you as insufferably self-important of me to spell out, why, i agree that it is.  just deal.  i'm trying to live a digital publishing model of the free and open web so that others might reflect and do the same themselves, in a very particular way.  you as a normie may not get it at first.
follow me
	follow me on threads (@davidepinero) but also find me on facebook or instagram for basically the same stuff which gets echoed around in the meta funnel thanks to meta's focus on cross posting tools.
 i also participate in discussions on most of the other commercial social media platforms (x, bluesky, etc.) but only in replies to the posts of others as part of conversation.
if you're only interested in my repository content:

explore active content (repository entries in blog format)
explore archived content
you can subscribe to its rss feed
and, you can send me a message directly using the form

theme
the theme of this repository explaining myself is just that.  i have forever been a non-affiliating and happily self-isolating personality that people find relating to oddly difficult, even to the point of avoiding.  here and online in general, speaking to the world at large versus interpersonally, is my way of closing that gap.





        participate
    


login | registerfollow


        my blabbity blabs
    











        live webcam
    



mastodon





        categories
    








all content (c) 2024 - dave the web guy, llc. / powered by battle blog 3.0










 

