








submit prayer request, jesus christ' faith, pray,love, faith, ministry, online faith, salvation, india, greetings, christian, prayer request, god's love, shalom, mumbai










 toggle navigation


home
prayer requests
devotion
spiritual guidance
contact us












the weak
recognize your trial
causes of trials
suffering & obedience
why test and try
how trials help
eagle's flying training




preconceptions
hindrance to hear
hear voice
learn to wait
weakness to blessings
save marriage
new living way




a letter from god
waiting for god's best
the cross
how to face problems
inspiriting messages
new year message
praise and thanksgiving




gods' love - agape
consider the ravens
right life partner?
god's love
god's will for your life
mercy of the lord
new life with jesus






submit your prayer request






































select prayer topic 
counseling
addiction
blessing
divine protection
deliverance / evil spirit
exam / education
forgiveness
financial blessing
family / children
help / other topics
job / employment
healing sickness
health / mind
homelessness
life partner / loneliness
marriage restoration
ministry blessing
peace and comfort
personal prayer request
praise and thanks
repentance
success / victory
spiritual blessing
salvation
urgent prayer request














verify: 5 +  9 =











 


 for i am the perfect father   ,  matthew 5:48


 truth is generally the best vindication against slander.  ,  abraham lincoln





the god who makes things happendaily devotion, relisms, e-sword bible
"you're the god who makes things happen; you showed everyone what you can do - you pulled your people out of the worst kind of trouble, rescued the children of jacob and joseph." (psalm 77:14,15, the message).
the great epic event of the old testament was the exodus - the day god delivered his people out of bondage in egypt. they were in the worst kind of trouble, and god brought them out of it.
they were up against the impassable red sea, and god brought them through it on dry ground. he made a way where there was no way. the armies of pharaoh were pressing down upon them, but they escaped - while the horse and the rider were drowned in the sea. 
god is the same yesterday, today, and tomorrow. the things that were written in ancient times are alive and relevant for us today. we are filled with hope in our times of difficulty as we gaze back upon what god has done in the past for his people.and we know that even unto this very day, he is the god who makes things happen. he will make a way where there seems to be no way possible.
as turmoil increases in our world, a noticeable shift will occur in the global mindset - a shift against the christian faith. this shift will be the signal that the spirit of antichrist is making its move. the world will increasingly turn against the god of heaven and his son, jesus christ, and against all those who profess him in any manner.
and as this shift happens, we ourselves will be set up for yet another remarkable, earth-shaking act of god. he will again show the world what he can do; he will pull his people out of the worst kind of trouble, even though it means we will have to be in it first.
so when the trouble comes, then know that deliverance is also on the way. rejoice my brothers and sisters - we serve the god who makes things happen!





shalom messages

pray for jerusalem
porn power?
unity of the spirit
christmas message
the bible?.. faq
victorious life



connect to god

two kinds of faith
growing faith
tips to tuning faith
salvation
god speaks today!!
perseveres story of lincoln



jesus christ loves you

gods' love - agape
easter message
consider the ravens
love your enemies
bread of life
right life partner?



financial guidance

money n' god
god's answer your problems
financial problems?
tensions & solution
what on earth am i here for?
resurrection power





shalomindia.com 2002 - 2021 powered by j mathew











