




































































the daily news | breaking news | | read longview, wa breaking news. get latest news, events and information on washington sports, weather, entertainment and lifestyles.





















skip to main contentskip to main content










        we are currently undergoing maintenance on some services, which may temporarily affect access to subscription accounts and the e-edition. we apologize for any inconvenience and appreciate your patience as we work to resolve the issues.
    

















44°











 log in
                                    
subscribe






guest


logout

read today's e-edition





























news


local



wildfires



crime 



northwest



politics



business



nation & world



news tip




obituaries


share a story



recent obituaries



find an obituary



archives




opinion


submit a letter



letters



editorials



columnists



cartoons




sports


preps+



lower columbia college



college



professional




lifestyles


events calendar



arts & theatre



food & cooking



movies & tv



music



contests



comics



games



play



home & garden



outdoors



travel



health



get healthy



parenting



fashion



people



pets



travel



faith




join the community


news tip



share video



send a story



share a photo



brand ave. studios




print edition


e-edition



e-edition archives



special sections




buy & sell


place an ad



jobs



cars



marketplace



shop local



public notices




shopping


curated commerce




customer service


manage subscription



activate digital subscription



newsletter sign-up



subscribe



contact us



help center



gift subscriptions


mobile apps


weather: live radar






facebook





twitter





youtube





instagram








© 2025 lee enterprises
terms of service | privacy policy






















































































subscribe
read today's e-edition




























                                        subscribe
                                    




























                                                    log in
                                                








welcome, guest

my account
 dashboard
 profile
 saved items

 logout







e-edition

news

obituaries

opinion

sports

puzzles

lifestyles

public notices

jobs

wildfires








44°
rain
























        
        
            joshua crane paces ra long for district quarter final win over washougal

r.a. long takes care of washougal in the 2a district iv quarter finals to advance to the semifinals. 

















        
        
            monarchs' boys basketball advances to district semifinals

mark morris took control of the game with an 11-0 run at the end of the third quarter. 

















        
        
            paperwork error gives longview man lighter sentence for harassment, vehicular assault, more

the defendant was arrested in november after a single-vehicle crash west of stella, which involved five passengers. but that wasn't his only arrest in 2024.

















        
        
            here's what to know ahead of the 2025 kelso babe ruth league

tryouts start next weekend. 

















        
        
            new north entrance, rv park, more planned at cowlitz county event center, as leaders look for state help

construction of the gate is set to start this year, but leaders are hopeful a state bill will pass to help cover other planned updates.

















        
        
            mark morris boys basketball coach exceeds expectations in year 1

ken kelly took over the monarchs program after legendary bill bakamus retired last year.

















        
        
            the daily news, saturday, feb. 15, 2025 e-edition

kelso schools discuss expected budget shortfalls, ice and snow create road accidents, and more in this edition of the daily news. 










            curated commerce
        
6 cbd oils to try for relaxation





                
                recommended for you




















        
        
            kelso mall's new owners chart course for revitalization


















        
        
            new north entrance, rv park, more planned at cowlitz county event center, as leaders look for state help


















        
        
            paperwork error gives longview man lighter sentence for harassment, vehicular assault, more















                
                the latest


















        
        
            cabaret follies of lower columbia returns to longview in spring

the nonprofit first started in 1949. 





















        
        
            lower columbia area neighbors: obituaries for february 16

read through the obituaries published in the daily news 





















        
        
            the daily news e-editions from feb. 4 to present

due to widespread technology issues from a cybersecurity event, the daily news has not been able to print a full edition since feb. 1. people can view locally produced local news and sports sections as pdfs below. 




















        
        
            northwest voices to feature award-winning author jane wong in march

event host jane wong is the author of the memoir "meet me tonight in atlantic city," which won the 2023 washington state book award.












                
                interact with us


















        
        
            download our mobile app for a customized experience!

download it today! 




















        
        
            get the most important news in your inbox as it happens. sign up for breaking news:

get it delivered to your inbox! 




















        
        
            explore local history with our digital newspaper archives!

visit our online archives for thousands of historical articles, obituaries and announcements. 




















        
        
            read the e-edition now – the digital replica of the newspaper!

updated every day! 





















                
                latest video




















        
        
            lumberjacks' joshua crane knocks down a step-back 3-pointer vs washougal




















        
        
            mark morris' drew ibarreta hits a 3-pointer in a game against w.f. west




















        
        
            germany's scholz rebukes vance, defends europe's stance on hate speech and far right




















        
        
            cowlitz county event center master plan update












                
                sports
                
                    


















        
        
            upcoming lower columbia sports events in the area

check out when and where local teams are playing locally. 




















        
        
            saturday scores | mark morris, ra long boys basketball advance to district semifinals

check out the most recent local scores. 




















        
        
            friday scores | kelso, mark morris girls basketball fall in first round of districts

plus, woodland girls basketball advanced to the district semifinals. 




















        
        
            wednesday scores | jills' girls basketball falls to tumwater to end season

plus, wahkiakum boys and girls basketball advanced to the district semifinals. 













                
                listen now podcasts




















        
        
            tariffs rattle small businesses, an atmospheric river and religion news | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            drone damages chernobyl nuclear plant; egg prices hit record high | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            hamas to release 3 israeli hostages; musk talks deleting agencies | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            how can you reclaim focus in a digital world? | the ethical life podcast

🎧 explore ways to sharpen your attention, stay present and build better habits for a more mindful, productive life.














                
                life & entertainment
                
                    


















        
        
            5 great meatless recipes to work into your rotation — plus some eggless breakfast options

if you're trying to work more vegetables into your meals, here are five great recipes to try (plus some high-protein breakfast options that don't use eggs).




















        
        
            now streaming and on dvd: 'nosferatu' has new reasons to jump

taking f.w. murnau’s film and twisting it ever-so-slightly, eggers finds his groove in a highly gothic world. 




















        
        
            winter sowing in upcycled containers creates stronger seedlings in spring

many people start seeds indoors in late winter to have seedlings ready to plant in spring. but what about starting them outdoors, despite the cold?

















                
                local events
                
            









 your browser settings are preventing events from loading. more info






×
 update settings to continue…


please try the following steps to enable.


open firefox settings → privacy & security → website privacy preferences
make sure "tell websites not to sell or share my data" is not checked.
make sure "send websites a do not track request" is not checked.




open chrome settings → privacy & security → third-party cookies
under advanced, make sure "do not track " is disabled.




open edge settings → privacy, search, and services
under privacy, make sure "send do not track" requests is not enabled
open cookies and site permissions → manage and delete cookies and site data
make sure "block third-party cookies" is not enabled




open your browser settings and make sure "do not track " is disabled.




                                open your cookie preferences.
make sure "targeted advertising" is toggled on.make sure "do not sell or share my personal information" is toggled off.click save











                
                partner
                
            









sponsored








        
        
            powerhouse partnership: big auto injury attorneys, the popok firm and ‘legal af’ podcast by meidastouch network unite for justice

content by big auto injury attorneys. learn more about meidastouch network’s “legal af” podcast's new partnership with big auto injury attorneys and the popok law firm.












provided








        
        
            jungle gym safety: finding the balance between risks and rewards

provided content. learn tips for keeping your kids safe on a jungle gym without taking away the positive aspects and challenges. 




















        
        
            exploring the concept of soulmates in the age of ai in washington

affiliate content. delve into the evolving concept of soulmates in washington as ai redefines love, connection, and the search for perfect companionship.












partner








        
        
            news blues? how to cope with somber stories, headlines and notifications

get healthy. if you want to break your bad news cycle, here are five ways to manage your media diet and cope with somber stories, stressful headlines and anxiety-inducing notifications.
















                
                curated commerce
                
                    


















        
        
            6 cbd oils to try for relaxation

affiliate content. find the right cbd oils to fit your wellness routine. 




















        
        
            best greens powders for 2025: a nutritionist’s top 5

affiliate. we asked a nutritionist to share their top 5 greens powder picks to boost your daily nutrient intake and support overall health.




















        
        
            auto insurance rates set to rise in 2025: how to save on premiums

affiliate content. learn practical ways to reduce your auto insurance premiums in 2025. 




















        
        
            ozempic vs. semaglutide: 10 weight loss medications compared for 2025

affiliate. compare 10 weight loss medications to find the right one for you. 





























                
                local businesses
                
                    



















        
        
            city of longview-planning



                                        po box 128, longview, wa 98632
                                    






























        
        
            catlin properties



                                        209 w main st ste 100, kelso, wa 98626
                                    






 website






















        
        
            bellingham automotive



                                        4116 hannegan rd, bellingham, wa 98226
                                    

































×
















facebook





twitter





youtube





instagram









sites & partners


preps+

calendar

public notices

get healthy




services


contact us

place an ad

subscribe now

e-edition

nie

work here

become a carrier

dealer returns

licensing

shopping






                        © copyright 2025
                        the daily news, po box 1666 longview, wa 98632
                    

terms of use
|
privacy policy
|
advertising terms of use
|
do not sell my info
|
cookie preferences




                        powered by blox content management system from bloxdigital.com.
                    












notifications
settings






you don't have any notifications.



get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.

topics

news alert

subscribe






breaking news

subscribe

























