



metropolitan burglar and fire alarm association of ny, inc. - home






































established 1976

  metropolitan burglar and fire alarm association                                       of                              new york, inc.


 









































































home
















new york state 81hr license course
















security line magazine digital edition
















why join
















membership application
















next meeting
















events, meetings and courses
















installer training
















legal side
















tax tips
















important government links
















industry news
















industry members
















industry links
















employment
















for consumers



















home security
















carbon monoxide
















consumer fire
















consumer alert
























training














































* email







* password






remember me












forgot password











 


























new york city / long island 
  near the airports - plenty of parking - close to public transportation.
nys 81-hour alarm license class
  new york state department of state
approved 81-hour license course
(business of installing, servicing or maintaining security or fire alarm systems)
(administered by the metropolitan burglar and fire alarm association of new york, inc.)
(an approved new york state - department of state - educational provider)
our classes are live and in person and we will be following all health requirements and social distancing as required.

march 1, 2025
  thru
  march 23, 2025



saturday, march 1 - 8:00 am - 6:00 pm
sunday, march 2 - 8:00 am - 6:00 pm


saturday, march 8 - 8:00 am - 6:00 pm
sunday, march 9 - 8:00 am - 6:00 pm


saturday, march 15 - 8:00 am - 6:00 pm
sunday, march 16 - 8:00 am - 6:00 pm


saturday, march 22 - 8:00 am - 6:00 pm
sunday, march 23 - 8:00 am - 6:00 pm




our class dates and times will enable our students to complete
the new york state 81-hour requirements in the shortest time.
just four (4) weekends!
and you can take
  the nys license test as soon as you complete the course.
  ~~ less stress ~ less traveling ~ less costs ~~
to register on-line go-to:

  http://www.mbfaa.com/nys_license_course_mbfaa.htm



 changes to alarm license law may require
1099 subcontractors - non w-2 employees
  cabling companies - networking companiescctv / security cameras 
to have their own alarm license


why? if you are unlicensed and installing security systems



burglar alarm systems


security cameras (cctv)


access control systems


fire alarm systems


in the state of new york


you may be fined up to


$10,000.00


for unlicensed activity!
to register on-line go-to:
http://www.mbfaa.com/nys_license_course_mbfaa.htm


  -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                          about the mbfaa 
we are one of the oldest associations of burglar and fire alarm professionals in the united states. many of our founding members can trace their history back to the very beginnings of the electronic protection industry.

the association's mission is to support and promote the electronic security industry and life safety providers in the metropolitan new york city and long island area, and to assist electronic security dealers with their mission to protect the public from criminal and life safety threats.


we maintain an extensive website for both our members and the general public.


to accomplish our mission we provide training, governmental interface, and networking services for security professionals.


membership is open to professional electronic security system dealers and installers, locksmiths, service providers, central monitoring stations, and related equipment manufacturers. a membership application is on line.


we are your local association run by and for security professionals. the mbfaa endeavors to promote public safety, reduce false alarms, provide liaison to police and fire departments, and to advocate public policy so as to provide a stable business climate for our members.


we provide training to enable our members to complete the new york state licensing requirements administered by the department of state.


for our members, the site provides helpful information on technical and business matters and association business.


for the general public, the site provides information on security in general and encourages consumers to purchase security systems from mbfaa members who are licensed dealers.


we provide a free web site business listing for our members. and a cross listing for help wanted and services rendered. this is where members can advertise for help wanted and sub-contractors can advertise for the kind of work they do.


we encourage dealer networking both on our web site and at our meetings.


we routinely provide critical information on important issues such as state licensing, permits, regulations, fire department issues, police department issues, false alarm reduction, and technology.


more reason's to join!







































































just so you know... we put this new site on line jan 7, 2013 and it is still under construction.
        please e-mail us back with errors, suggestions, or updates you may have. thanky you in advance! alan.
disclaimer the information provided at mbfaa.com web site should not be construed as giving business, legal, or other advice. information provided on this web site is intended to allow the public and members of mbfaa access to public and association information. while all attempts are made to provide accurate, current, and reliable information, the mbfaa recognizes the possibility of human and/or mechanical error. therefore, the mbfaa makes no representations as to the accuracy, completeness, currency or suitability of the information provided by this web site, and denies any expressed and implied warranty as to the same.
links to other sites
this web site contains links to other sites. mbfaa is not responsible for the privacy practices of such web sites. a link does not constitute an endorsement of the content, viewpoint or accuracy of such web sites.
metropolitan burglar and fire alarm association of new york, inc.
        po box 54, brooklyn, ny 11204-0054
        phone: (718) 894-6712
        e-mail: mbfaa.ny@gmail.comcopyright © 2024 metropolitan burglar and fire alarm association of new york, inc.




"every day, in every way, this site gets better and better"come back oftenlast modified: december 8, 2024, and so far,


    


have viewed this page.

3d animated flags by 3dflags.com
 
















powered by wild apricot membership software





 
 
 



