





























baylor scott & white legacy heart center





















































doctors & specialists






                           doctors & specialists
                            








	primary care doctors
	


family medicine
care for all ages within your family.




obgyn
specialized care for women’s health, including pregnancy. 




pediatrics
care for children, from infants to teens. 




all primary care doctors
providers of regular wellness care and treatment for common conditions or injuries.









	specialists
	


cardiology
comprehensive and advanced heart and vascular care.




gastroenterology
care for digestive conditions.




orthopedics
care for bone and joint health.




neurology
care for brain and spine disorders.

























view all

doctors
















locations






                           locations
                            











clinics
locations that provide specialized care and consultations such as doctor’s offices.




emergency rooms
locations that provide immediate care for trauma and other moderate to major medical needs. 




fitness and wellness
locations that provide fitness and wellness health options.




hospitals
locations that have multiple departments for in-patient, full-service, specialty and 24/7 emergency care.




imaging centers
locations that provide x-rays, mris or ct imaging.












pharmacies
locations that fulfill prescriptions and other drug and medical device needs. 




rehabilitation
locations that provide recovery from medical procedures or illnesses. 




surgery centers
location that provide specialized surgical care. 




urgent care
locations that provide care for non-life-threatening conditions requiring immediate treatment. 

























view all

locations
















services & treatments






                           services & treatments
                            








	services
	


get same day care
choose the right care for your minor needs.




cancer care
explore care options to fight cancer on your terms.




heart and vascular care
learn about care options for heart and vascular conditions.




orthopedic care
get care options for joint and bone conditions.




neuroscience
find advanced care for your brain and spine.




symptom checker
chat about your symptoms to find the right care.




all services
browse all services that baylor scott & white provides.









	treatments and screenings
	


cancer screenings
discover early detection options for cancer.




colonscopy
learn about the procedure and your screening options. 




mammogram
explore imaging options and  your screening options.




imaging and radiology
discover the imaging and radiology services that baylor scott & white provides.




surgery
learn about different types of surgical options that baylor scott & white provides.




all treatments and screenings
browse all treatments and screenings that baylor scott & white provides.











resources






                           resources
                            








	education
	


conditions
browse the conditions that baylor scott & white provides care for.




scrubbing in blog
explore articles about popular health and wellness topics.




classes and events
find classes and events near you.




webinars
view upcoming webinar topics and register to join.









	patient information
	


advance directives
prepare for your future by documenting your wishes.




pre-registration
complete any required forms and submit documents for your upcoming procedure.




medical records
request your medical records.









	medical professionals
	


careers
join our team of healthcare professionals. learn about career opportunities and open positions.




graduate medical education (gme)
learn more about our residency and fellowship programs.











financial services






                           financial services
                            








	billing
	


pay bill
pay your bill securely online, make payment arrangements or review your bills.




financial assistance
learn about options to help you with medical bill payments.




estimate cost of care
view your estimated care costs.




surprise billing protection
learn about the options for handling surprise medical bills.









	insurance
	


accepted insurance
find out which insurance plans are accepted.




baylor scott & white health plan
learn about health plans available through baylor scott & white.












 sign in



need help? chat with us 








 





































































































































































































































baylor scott & white legacy heart center





















patient forms
more info
insurance
services
doctors
about




   schedule appointment








 















mybswhealth appdownload the mybswhealth app or text better to 88408 today and see how easy it is to manage your family's care in one place.
                                            














 




 








we're committed to keeping hearts healthy and strong
baylor scott & white legacy heart center has provided advanced cardiovascular care to the community for over 25 years. with offices in plano, mckinney, prosper, garland and frisco, the board-certified heart specialists here offer convenient access to comprehensive diagnostic testing and treatment services for patients in northern dallas-fort worth and surrounding areas. at baylor scott & white legacy heart center, we have specialized providers to meet your specific needs. the heart doctors offer procedures including preventative cardiology, non-invasive cardiology, complex coronary artery intervention, valvular heart disease and intervention, structural heart disease and intervention, congestive heart failure, peripheral disease and interventions, pulmonary heart disease and venous ablations.  

we have expanded our lab and created a dedicated entrance to better serve you! if you have a scheduled lab appointment, please use the new entrance on the west side of the building. you will find convenient parking and designated handicap spaces available.
view lab map


the heart physicians and staff here in north texas are dedicated to our mission, which is to exceed the expectations of our patients and our referring physicians by providing advanced quality cardiovascular care for our patients in a caring and responsive environment. we believe this mission is best accomplished through continuing education, planned practice responses to the changing needs of our community and cost-effective cardiac care that does not compromise quality. 

 








read more














baylor scott & white legacy heart center - frisco
9990 dallas pkwy ste 100, frisco, tx, 75033









directions






call
                                                        
469.800.6300









                                                                            open
                                                                        




see hours


monday: 8:00 am - 5:00 pm
tuesday: 8:00 am - 5:00 pm
wednesday: 8:00 am - 5:00 pm
thursday: 8:00 am - 5:00 pm
friday: 8:00 am - 5:00 pm





schedule appointment









baylor scott & white legacy heart center - garland
7217 telecom pkwy ste 205, garland, tx, 75044









directions






call
                                                        
469.800.6300









                                                                            open
                                                                        




see hours


monday: 8:00 am - 5:00 pm
tuesday: 8:00 am - 5:00 pm
wednesday: 8:00 am - 5:00 pm
thursday: 8:00 am - 5:00 pm
friday: 8:00 am - 5:00 pm





schedule appointment









baylor scott & white legacy heart center - mckinney
5236 w university dr ste 4100, mckinney, tx, 75071









directions






call
                                                        
469.800.6300









                                                                            open
                                                                        




see hours


monday: 8:00 am - 5:00 pm
tuesday: 8:00 am - 5:00 pm
wednesday: 8:00 am - 5:00 pm
thursday: 8:00 am - 5:00 pm
friday: 8:00 am - 5:00 pm





schedule appointment









baylor scott & white legacy heart center - plano preston road
6601 preston rd , plano, tx, 75024









directions






call
                                                        
469.800.6300









                                                                            open
                                                                        




see hours


monday: 8:00 am - 5:00 pm
tuesday: 8:00 am - 5:00 pm
wednesday: 8:00 am - 5:00 pm
thursday: 8:00 am - 5:00 pm
friday: 8:00 am - 5:00 pm





schedule appointment









baylor scott & white legacy heart center - plano spring creek parkway
5655 w spring creek pkwy ste 155, plano, tx, 75024









directions






call
                                                        
469.800.6300









                                                                            open
                                                                        




see hours


monday: 8:00 am - 5:00 pm
tuesday: 8:00 am - 5:00 pm
wednesday: 8:00 am - 5:00 pm
thursday: 8:00 am - 5:00 pm
friday: 8:00 am - 5:00 pm












baylor scott & white legacy heart center - prosper
111 s preston rd  ste 10, prosper, tx, 75078









directions






call
                                                        
469.800.6300









                                                                            open
                                                                        




see hours


monday: 8:00 am - 5:00 pm
tuesday: 8:00 am - 5:00 pm
wednesday: 8:00 am - 5:00 pm
thursday: 8:00 am - 5:00 pm
friday: 8:00 am - 5:00 pm















hours of operation 


hours
lab hours








hours of operation 


office hours
































we are excited to be one of four centers in the dallas-fort worth area to offer this advanced imaging service to patients.
cardiac positron emission tomography (pet) is an exceptional technology for detecting coronary artery disease, and we are one of four dallas-fort worth heart centers  capable of providing this service. in addition, baylor scott & white legacy heart center's imaging facility includes certified nuclear, echocardiography and computed tomography labs. 



 











insurances accepted
baylor scott & white has established agreements with several types of insurance to ensure your health needs are covered. 










                                         insurance listings are subject to change without prior notice. please call the hospital or health plan to verify coverage information before scheduling your visit/procedure.
                                    





 

 






insurance plan or carrier



    by searching you agree to these terms






   aetna - (23) 


aetna medicare eagle plan (ppo)
aetna medicare freedom plan (ppo)
hmo
aetna medicare dual complete plan (hmo d-snp)
aetna medicare value plan (hmo)
aetna medicare prime plan (hmo)
aetna medicare freedom preferred plan (ppo)
aetna signature administrators
select
open choice ppo
open access select
managed choice
health network only
choice pos ii
open access managed choice
open access elect choice
group retiree medicare ppo - limited to exxon/mobil
aetna medicare eagle ii (ppo)
health network option
aetna medicare choice plan (ppo)
qpos
star
aetna medicare choice ii plan (ppo)




   american health advantage of texas - (1) 


american health advantage of texas hmo i-snp




   baylor scott & white health plan - (4) 


bsw extended ppo
bsw plus ppo-individual/family
bsw access ppo
2023 bsw employee network (ppo & hsa)




   blue cross blue shield - (25) 


blue essentials
blue choice
federal standard option
federal fep blue focus
trs-activecare primary+
high performance network
blue premier access
healthselect
blue advantage plus - bronze
trs-activecare primary
trs-activecare 2
blue cross medicare advantage (hmo)
federal basic option
parplan
blue essentials access
blue premier
blue advantage - gold
blue advantage plus - gold
blue advantage plus - silver
blue cross medicare advantage dual care plus (hmo snp)
blue advantage - silver
trs-care standard
consumer directed healthselect
blue advantage - bronze
blue cross group medicare advantage (ppo)




   cigna - (9) 


choice fund
localplus in-network
localplus
point of service open access
open access
cigna medicare advantage
open access plus
open access plus in-network
cigna healthspring




   firstcare health plans - (1) 


chip




   humana - (11) 


choicecare
humana gold choice (pffs)
national pos
humana gold plus (hmo)
humana honor (ppo)
humanachoice (regional ppo)
humana preferred
humana usaa honor with rx (ppo)
humanachoice (ppo)
humana gold plus snp-de (hmo d-snp)
ppo




   superior health plan - (6) 


wellcare by allwell
star+plus
ambetter core epo - gold
ambetter core epo - bronze
ambetter core epo - silver
wellcare




   superior healthplan - (1) 


star+plus




   triwest healthcare - (1) 


community care network




   united healthcare - (22) 


charter balanced
edge
navigate balanced
navigate plus
choice
core essential
all savers
navigate
aarp medicare advantage securehorizons plan 2 (hmo-pos)
aarp medicare advantage patriot (hmo-pos)
surest
select
charter
aarp medicare advantage securehorizons plan 1 (hmo-pos)
charter plus
choice plus
core
options
aarp medicare advantage choice (ppo)
select plus
nexus aco - open access
nexus aco - referral required




   nebraska furniture mart - (2) 


emerald
onyx




   imagine health - (1) 


imagine health network




   parkland community health plan - (2) 


star - healthfirst
chip




   phcs network - (1) 


phcs primary ppo




   dfw connectedcare - (1) 


american airlines employee benefit plan




   first health/coventry - (1) 


first health/coventry network




   healthsmart - (2) 


preferred network
accel network











                we’re sorry!
            


we couldn’t find any results for ""
                    













terms

close





insurance listings are subject to change without prior notice. please call your physician's office or your health or insurance plan to verify coverage information prior to scheduling your visit or procedure. not all members participating in contracted networks have "in network" access. in network participation may change from time to time without prior notice. independent providers (which could include, for example only, anesthesiologists, radiologists, pathologists, emergency medicine physicians, advance practice professionals, and other independent providers of healthcare services) may deliver part of your care, and such providers may be considered out-of-network on your health and insurance plans even if the facility may be considered in network. if you desire additional information as to the providers who may be involved in providing your care, you can either ask your treating provider (who may know some of the specialists or groups who could be involved) or you can request a list of facility-based physician groups by calling the following toll free number: 1.877.810.0372. this list is updated annually and is subject to change without prior notice. your rights and protections against surprise medical bills





 








 


medical services
​​​​​​​​​​​​​baylor scott & white legacy heart center offers expertise and treatment options conveniently located near you.






coronary calcium scoring


coumadin clinic


pacemaker clinic


test and procedures


vein clinic






coronary calcium scoring
what is coronary calcium scoring?
coronary calcification has been shown to be a powerful risk indicator for heart disease.
a coronary calcium scoring is a simple, safe and quick way to “score” the amount of calcium in your heart. studies have shown that coronary calcium scores directly correlate with the risk of heart attack, even if your other risk factors—family history, age, cholesterol levels, diabetes, smoking and obesity—are low. a higher coronary calcium score signals that plaque is present and atherosclerosis or hardening of the arteries has begun. the test is performed with a computed tomography (ct) scanner and takes about 15 minutes.
what are the heart disease risk factors?
according to the american heart association, the following are major contributing and other risk factors for heart disease:

high blood pressure
diabetes
family history of heart disease
smoking
inactive lifestyle
obesity

it is important to remember that calcium scoring only estimates your risk of heart disease or a heart attack. talk to our doctor to find out if coronary calcium scoring makes sense for you.
what should i expect at my ct scan?
a technologist will escort you into the scanning room, where you’ll see a table and a large, doughnut-shaped device called a gantry. the technologist will have you lie down on the padded table and make sure you’re comfortable. you’ll be asked to lie very still during the scan and hold your breath for a short time to minimize any body movement. during the scan, you might hear a humming noise but you will not feel anything unusual. the technologist can monitor you during the entire exam through a window and will talk to you through an intercom. the specific details of your upcoming examination will be explained fully by a technologist or your physician.
are ivs or shots involved?
no, this procedure does not require injections, treadmills or other preparation such as fasting. however, it is a good idea to avoid caffeine four to six hours prior to your scan.
what should i expect after my scan?
the cardiologist will carefully analyze your images, review the findings with your physician and provide a report. your physician will then discuss the results with you.
what does my score mean?
scores can range from zero (low-risk) to 400 and above (high-risk). scores indicate the extent of calcification in the heart’s coronary arteries, which indicates the presence of atherosclerosis or hardening of the arteries. determining the extent of cardiac risk requires your doctor to interpret your calcium score in combination with other tests and risk factors.
will my insurance cover the test?
calcium scoring may not be covered by your insurance. check with your insurance provider to see if your test will be covered.
learn more about calcium score testing


coumadin clinic
the coumadin clinic provides patients a convenient way to safely monitor their coumadin levels.
patients may schedule an appointment at the clinic for a face-to-face visit with specialized clinical staff or participate in a home monitoring system. we utilize machines that provide accurate results from a fingerstick within minutes. 


pacemaker clinic
our pacemaker clinic evaluates and manages the care of patients prior to and following the implantation of cardiac pacemakers.
the frequency of a patient’s evaluation is determined by the patient’s needs, the age and type of pacing device, and the cardiologist’s recommendations. a typical schedule will include both clinical visits and remote/telephone monitoring. telephone monitoring utilizes specifically designed transmitter units which allow the staff to analyze how well the pacemaker is working while the patient is at home.
the trained technician will review information from the device to check for function and battery life and make any adjustments recommended by the cardiologist.


test and procedures

ankle brachial index
cardiolite perfusion tests

stress test/cardiolite
stress test with dobutamine and cardiolite
stress test/regadenoson and cardiolite

cardiac pet
computed tomography (ct) scan
echocardiogram studies

2d doppler echocardiogram with color flow
exercise stress echocardiogram
dobutamine stress echocardiogram

exercise tolerance test
heart health screening
monitoring
sonograms

aorta sonogram
carotid artery sonogram
venous sonogram




vein clinic
baylor scott & white legacy heart center offers minimally invasive treatment options for varicose veins and spider veins.
do you experience discomfort from varicose veins?
our vein specialists offer effective solutions for treating varicose veins and spider veins. we specialize in minimally invasive techniques that allow patients to be treated right in our office. 
what to look for when considering treatment:

veins that are dark purple or blue in color
veins that appear twisted and bulging
an achy or heavy feeling in your legs
burning, throbbing or muscle cramping in your legs
swelling in your legs
worsened pain after sitting or standing for a long time
itching around one or more of your veins
bleeding from varicose veins
color changes, hardening of the vein, inflammation of the skin or skin ulcers near your ankle, which can mean you have a serious form of vascular disease that requires medical attention

dramatic results without drastic measures
banish varicose veins with a minimally invasive vein treatment that is safe and effective without lengthy downtime. it’s a non-surgical alternative to vein stripping that seals varicose veins shut and eliminates them for good. 
endovascular radiofrequency or laser ablation
during the procedure, a thin fiber is inserted into the varicose vein through a tiny entry point, usually near the knee. a local anesthetic is used to minimize the pain from the small incision. a local anesthetic is also applied along the length of the vein to make the procedure virtually painless. as the fiber is withdrawn, targeted energy damages the vein walls, shrinking them and closing the faulty vein so that blood cannot flow through it. the body simply reroutes the blood flow through healthier veins. no other tissue in the legs is affected.
sclerotherapy
for this procedure, your doctor injects small-sized varicose veins known as spider veins with a solution that closes those veins. treated varicose veins should fade in a few weeks. each vein can respond differently and may require an additional injection to achieve the desired result.
faqs
what are the complications of this procedure?


a small number of patients experience numbness that usually passes quickly. also, there may be minor soreness and bruising. any discomfort can be treated with over-the-counter, non-aspirin pain relievers as necessary.
how long does it take to recuperate?

patients can expect a fast recovery. usually a patient is up and walking immediately and can resume normal daily activity; however, patients are advised to avoid rigorous activities such as gym workouts for a few days. 
is this therapy effective for smaller varicose veins or spider veins? 
after having minimally invasive vein treatment, you may still have smaller varicose veins and spider veins. sclerotherapy can be used to treat these if desired.
 
call 469.800.6300 to schedule a consultation with one of our vein specialists





















pay bill
baylor scott & white health is pleased to offer you multiple options to pay your bill. view our guide to understand your baylor scott & white billing statement. 



we offer two online payment options:

make a one-time payment without registering by selecting the "pay a bill as a guest" option.
enroll or login to your mybswhealth account to view account balances and statements, setup a payment plan or enroll in paperless statements.
 



other payment options:








pay by mail


to ensure that your payment is correctly applied to your account, detach the slip from your baylor scott & white billing statement and return the slip with your payment. if paying by check or money order, include your account number on the check or money order.

please mail the payment to the address listed on your statement.





pay by phone


payments to htpn can be made over the phone with our automated phone payment system 24 hours a day, seven days a week. all payments made via the automated phone payment system will post the next business day. please call 1.866.377.1650.
if you need to speak to someone about a bill from a baylor scott & white hospital, our customer service department is available to take payments over the phone from monday through friday from 8:00 am - 5:00 pm and can be reached at 1.800.994.0371.




pay in person


payments can be made in person at the facility where you received services.

 



 



financial assistance

at baylor scott & white health, we want to be a resource for you and your family. our team of customer service representatives and financial counselors are here to help you find financial solutions that can help cover your cost of care. we encourage you to speak to a team member before, during or after care is received.
view financial assistance options 













 






mobile makes it easy
just like we make it easy to get care when your child is sick or injured, our top-rated app, mybswhealth, can simplify keeping them healthy. the app lets you book appointments, message your pediatrician, view your child’s medical records and schedule virtual same-day care from your computer, smartphone or tablet. 






text better to 88408








 













patient forms
to ensure that your visit to our office is as convenient and efficient as possible, we are pleased to offer our registration forms online. the patient registration form may be completed electronically and printed for better legibility or completed manually.

new patient packet
new patient packet (español)
new patient questionnaire 
release of information from bswh
release of information from bswh (español)
release of information to bswh
release of information to bswh (español)
 











news and media
watch our patient education videos on the following topics: 

atrial appendage closure by karim al-azizi, md
atrial fibrillation by marc shalek, md
calcium score by david rawitscher, md
cardiac ct angiogram by andrew binder, md
chronic total occlusion - pci by karim al-azizi, md
congestive heart failure by david rawitscher, md, facc
coronary artery disease by samuel woolbert, md, facc
echocardiogram by marc shalek, md
exercise spect stress test by  mubashar khan, md
heart healthy lifestyle by sahil bakshi, do
hypertension by waenard miller, md, facc
lexiscan myoview stress test by david rawitscher, md
lexiscan pet stress test by mubashar khan, md
stress echo by david rawitscher, md
vein ablation by chadi dib, md
women and heart disease by sarah samaan, md, facc
 








 


tools and resources
​​​​​​​​​​​​​






your first appointment


request medical records


refilling a prescription






your first appointment
your appointment with one of our cardiologists gives you access to some of the most advanced cardiac treatment available in north texas. you can expect a thorough evaluation of your cardiovascular health along with specific recommendations on steps you can take for better heart health. please allow approximately 1 ½ hours for your first office visit.

cancellation notice
we require a 24 hour notice for cancellations. otherwise you may be charged a cancellation fee which is not covered by insurance. if you need to cancel or change your appointment, please contact our scheduling department as soon as possible, 469.800.6477.

be sure we have your medical records
if a physician has referred you to legacy heart center, he/she will either contact us by phone or send your records to our office. it is very important that we receive your medical records prior to your visit. otherwise, your cardiologist will be unable to adequately evaluate you and it may be necessary to reschedule your appointment until those records are received. if you have referred yourself, you should contact your physician and arrange for your records to be sent to our office before your scheduled visit. a few days prior to your appointment, please check with your physician or our office to ensure that your records have been sent and received.

bring all of your insurance information and your driver’s license
when you make an appointment with us, you will be asked for your insurance information that will then be verified by us prior to your appointment. you should bring your insurance card and your driver’s license to your first appointment.

bring all of your medications
please bring all of your medications with you in their original containers when you come to the office. just put them into a plastic bag and bring them along so that your cardiologist will know everything that you are currently taking. make sure your doctor knows about every drug you are taking, including over-the-counter drugs and herbal medications as well. one drug may interact with another, in some cases creating serious medical problems.

complete the new patient forms
your health history and registration information is very important. we ask that you complete and submit the new patient questionnaire online as soon as possible after scheduling your appointment. this will expedite the check-in process when you arrive. please print and complete all other forms prior to your visit. 

if you have any questions about the forms, please call our office, 469.800.6477.

your examination: what to expect
once you have completed the check-in process, a medical assistant will take you back to an exam room where he or she will take your blood pressure and pulse and do a 12-lead electrocardiogram (ekg) on you. please do not use any body lotions or oils prior to your office visit as this makes it difficult to perform an ekg. this test is not painful and takes approximately 5-10 minutes to perform.

the medical assistant will also take your medical history to find out not only what medications you’re taking but what, if any, allergies you might have; what kind of prior illnesses or injuries you may have suffered; and any surgeries or hospital stays you may have had.

you’ll also be asked about the health of your family including any hereditary conditions that may be related to your cardiac health. finally, you’ll be asked about your marital status, employment and whether or not you use tobacco, alcohol or any drugs. it may help to write down all of your medical events and dates and bring this with you to your visit.

once the medical assistant is finished, the cardiologist will meet with you to review your medical history and perform a physical examination. following the exam, he or she will discuss the findings with you and recommend any further testing or treatment plans. please feel free to ask the cardiologist any questions you may have at this time. on occasion, our physicians utilize certified physician assistants specially trained in cardiovascular care to see their patients. if that is the case, your visit will then be reviewed by your physician.

what happens after the first visit?
after your visit with the cardiologist, our office will forward all cardiac records, test results, and suggestions for treatment to your referring physician. in some cases, we may need to schedule a return visit for additional tests. we have an array of advanced technology diagnostic testing and procedure options available on-site to help us pinpoint problems and act on them quickly, well in advance of any cardiac incident.

if you have questions, please call your cardiologist’s nurse, 469.800.6300. any call received after 4:00 pm will normally be returned the following business day. every attempt will be made to return your call in a timely manner.


request medical records
				baylor scott & white health has partnered with healthmark group to fulfill all requests for copies of medical and billing records.

healthmark group fulfills all patient requests for personal copies at no charge to the patient. a complimentary copy of your record will be made available through healthmark group’s website, www.medrelease.com/360. please allow 3 - 5 business days for processing.

first-time users are required to register for an account before accessing the website. if paper copies are requested, a fee to cover delivery costs will be charged and must be paid before the records are shipped.

to check the status of your medical record request, please contact healthmark group directly at 800.659.4035 or status@healthmark-group.com.
				
			

refilling a prescription
if you need a prescription refill, please call your pharmacy. they will contact us with the appropriate information.

here are some tips to help you keep up with your refills:

please do not wait until you are out of medication before you call for a refill.
if you need a new prescription, please allow 48 hours from the time you make the request.
please allow 5 working days for mail in prescriptions.
prescription refills are done on working days between the hours of 9 am – 4 pm only.
you need to see the doctor at least once a year to maintain prescription refills.











 








































our offerings 

classes and events

virtual care

doctor directory

location directory

specialties directory

treatments and procedures

mybswhealth mobile app




tools and resources 

symptom checker

pay your bill

medical records

price transparency

insurance accepted

financial assistance

advance directives

surgery pre-registration

scrubbing in blog




about us 

mission vision and values

achievements

community impact

quality alliance

newsroom

contact us




get involved 

volunteer

donate

give blood




for medical professionals 

refer a patient

careers

graduate medical education

undergraduate education

allied health education

nursing education

research areas

clinical trials






download the mybswhealth app
























español




©2025 baylor scott white health. all rights reserved.

terms of use
notice of non-discrimination
privacy and patient rights
301 n. washington ave., dallas, tx 75246
















  

