




st. lucia online - information guide&search engine for st. lucia


























st. lucia's premier internet portal service










home
radio
phone book
archives
classifieds
about us
contact us
email login







search this site
 

 











prime st lucian sites 
news
sports
jobs
community
society
weather
satellite














slucia.com branded email discontinued as of 5th march 2023 
following acquisition of our  email service provider by a third party and the resulting changes to the  product,  branded email of the form <yourname@slucia.com> will no longer be available ... read more 



a history of st lucia

 a history of st lucia is the first-ever detailed and comprehensive record of st lucia's turbulent past. beginning with the island's geological formation and subsequent amerindian occupation, this book takes one through colonization by france and england to the rise and fall of the sugar industry, the tribulations of slavery, the feverish hopes and fears of the brigand wars and, eventually, emancipation.
after 1838, st lucia's newly freed people went in search of independence, dignity and respectability ... read more 



rum justice: a crime novel 

with the publication of her   novel rum justice, st. lucia- based author and journalist, jolien harmsen   presents the first in  a series of gripping caribbean crime novels set in the fictional  island of st cecilia.
with colourful characters and  settings  that seem   hauntingly familiar ...  full story 



st lucia kitesurfing 

vieux fort ranks among the top kitesurfing destinations in the eastern caribbean, with world-class facilities and conditions ... read more 

st lucia windsurfing 

windsurf at anse de sable in vieux fort and discover the well-kept secret that champions and pro-surfers have known about  ... read more 







st lucia real estate 

 there are several residential/resort-style developments in st lucia that offer excellent return on investment (roi). some even provide a guaranteed roi when you place your property within their managed holiday rental pool. choose from luxury villas, townhouses apartments and condominiums that allow you the freedom of owning your own holiday home, while generating an income in your absence ... read more 



















  




 tools/services

currency converter 
prime st lucian sites 
calendar
news & media 
community pages 
sports in st lucia 
charity appeals 
archives
st lucia online radio 







 mailing list 


you may join the  st. lucia online mailing list. enter your email address below, select 'subscribe' then click 'do it!'
your email:




                subscribe

                unsubscribe










 other
 
 frequently asked questions: about st lucia 



 










home | news | sports | jobs | radio | weather |  contact us | about us | email login 

copyright © 1999 - 2023 st lucia online. all rights reserved. 
anse de sable, vieux fort, st lucia, w. indies. tel: +758 454-3418 







