


jack bradshaw - dog show superintendents




















welcome tojack bradshaw dog shows!
the west's premium dog show superintendents.


try our online entry service: if you have shown your dog with us, you can take advantage of our "autofill" feature. just type in the akc number, and the rest of the information will appear on the entry form. you can then enter a show either through email, with a credit card, or by printing the entry and mailing it with a check, or by faxing it to us. no more typing or handwriting each entry! if you have not entered this dog with us, just fill out the form, as usual. once your dog has been entered in one of our shows, you will be able to use the autofill function. 

give it a try:



enter akc no. 





about ssl certificates










what time are dogs being judged?: to find out when dogs will be judged at any show, please click on "shows", choose the show you would like to attend (shows over a weekend will have a listing for each day), and click on "judging program".  all of the shows at this time are one day shows, so all breeds will be shown each day. scroll to the bottom of the page to find an alphabetized list of breeds, with rings and times. schedules are posted about a week before the show.

to learn which dog show classes usually offered at our shows, click here. for akc's description of classes, please click  here .

what do the markings mean in the catalogs online? click here for an explanation of the abbreviations and markings.

please click on the following sites for concerned dog organization links: the american kennel club,  naiatrust.org,  naiaonline.org.


vendors: please click here for information about vending at our shows. 



for an explanation of marking abbreviations please click here.

bred by exhibitors: please click here for clarification of the latest bred by exhibitor class rule change.

results for each show can be found under "shows", click the show you want/catalog, then click on your breed. each show is listed separately.

need results from a show no longer listed on our website?: check out events at akc.org.

looking for a match or dog club? - look under "clubs" for dates of upcoming matches and club meetings.

founded in 1898, we have a long tradition of superintending dog shows. go to our history section to learn more about how four generations of bradshaws have been involved in dog show superintending.

we currently superintend shows in california, arizona and nevada(divisions 9 & 6 & 13). for information, premium lists, judging schedules and catalogs for upcoming and recent shows, check out our shows section.

our goal with this web site is to provide you with the latest dog show information available. we welcome any comments or suggestions you may have.

for information on the american kennel club breeder of merit program, please click here.





[home]
[history]
[shows]
[entry forms]

[f.a.q.]
[point schedule]
[address book]
[links]
[clubs]
[contact us]

copyright © 1999, jack bradshaw dog show superintendents - all rights reserved







