indianapolis hotels: find indianapolis hotel information and read reviews by hotelguide
homeaboutcontactindianapolis hotels - homepageespañolmobile versionadd your hotel group hotel rates website directory add url metroguide.network > hotelguide > north america > indianapolis homepageindianapolis hotelshotel posts“a historic hotel built inside the first union station”“an upscale full service hotel built inside the historic union station train station from …”posted by: crowne plaza union station“at the crossroads of america”“welcome to our hawthorn suites by wyndham indianapolis north hotel that features accommod…”posted by: hawthorn suites indianapolis north“affordable luxury”“we are a resort-style hotel conveniently located at the intersection of us 31 and interst…”posted by: cavalier resort and conference centerhotels may post descriptions here without charge.reader reviews“bedbugs”non-member, reader - “they have bedbugs and refuse to refund even though i had pr…”said about: travelodge south indianapolis“car and a room broken into”robert , indianapolis - “stayed here august 10 for romantic getaway only to have …”said about: hilton garden inn indianapolis south greenwood“great place to stay, excellent customer service”nancy, indianapolis - “made reservation for my son/wife's anniversary. everyone w…”said about: hampton inn downtownreaders are welcome to share opinions.by location » by name » (try keywords "hotel with a pool" or a zip code)
welcome to hotelguide.networks' directory of hotels and hotel reviews for indianapolis, indiana!

indianapolis -- capital of the hoosier state, america's crossroads, and home of auto racing's indy 500 -- literally is laid out like a big wheel. from monument circle, anchored by the gray oolitic limestone soldiers & sailors monument, roadways fan out like spokes to city suburbs spreading out over most of marion county. apart from the indianapolis motor speedway's memorial day weekend classic, other sports action centers on the nba's indiana pacers, the nfl's indianapolis colts, plus indianapolis indians baseball at victory field and indianapolis ice hockey at the state fairgrounds. attractions range from the indiana state museum, indianapolis museum of art, the children's museum of indianapolis, and indianapolis zoo to downtown's white river state park and the outlying conner prairie farm. the indiana war memorial museum, a square shrine structure with a pyramidal dome and ionic columns, reflects the city beautiful movement emerging during the early 20th century.  shopping abounds at circle centre with the state's only nordstrom, glendale mall, greenwood park mall, lafayette square mall, and the fashion mall keystone. lodging options range from family owned motels lining u.s. 40 near the speedway to more than a half dozen downtown hotels with 2,800-plus rooms connecting via skywalk to the indiana convention center.

we have organized our listings of indianapolis's local hotel accommodations into several geographic 
areas and alphabetically.  you can begin browsing for hotels in the greater indianapolis area by 
selecting one of the links shown below.



browse hotels by location:
·midtown indianapolis
hotels in the city center with easy access to numerous cultural and sporting events. 

·indianapolis
hotels in metropolitan indianapolis, generally in the south and west areas of the city. 

·northern indianapolis
hotels located in the northern portion of the metropolitan area. 

·eastern indianapolis
hotels in the eastern portion of the metropolitan area. 

·greater indianapolis
hotel options in the greater indianapolis area, outside the ring formed by i-465. 

·terre haute metro
hotel options west of indianapolis, in the greater terre haute area. 

·indianapolis airport
hotels near the indianapolis international airport (ind) including the motor speedway area. 

·muncie
hotel options further northeast, in and around the towns of anderson and muncie. 




browse hotels by name:abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz
you can return to the hotelguide indianapolis home page at any time by pressing on the "hotelguide" button in the left margin of the page.
area facts: indianapolis is known as the "circle city" because of the road which forms a circle around the soldiers and sailors monument at the very center of town. the area code for indianapolis, indiana is 317. 
« top of pageadjacent links:chicago hotelscincinnati hotelsdayton hotelsfort wayne hotelslafayette, in hotelslouisville hotelssouth bend hotelsspringfield hotelsterre haute hotelsrelated links:hotel website directoryevansville hotelsother links:smart highway daynational metaverse daybowling green hotelscolumbus hotelsdetroit hotelskalamazoo hotelslexington hotelsmilwaukee hotelspeoria hotelsrockford hotelssaint louis hotelstoledo hotelsother versions:indianapolis guía de hotelesmetroguide.network > hotelguide > north america > indianapolis homepage« top of page | sitemap 
© 1996-2025, metroguide.com all rights reserved.privacy policy | terms and conditionsto list your hotel with the indianapolis hotelguide service: click here.to contact hotelguide: click here.hotelguide and hotelguide indianapolis are service marks of metroguide.com, inc. hotelguide network is a registered service mark of metroguide.com, inc. all other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. metroguide.com, inc. does not own or operate hotel properties. metroguideretailguidediningguidehotelguidemore locations...full map
indianapolis hotels:our readers'3 smile favoritesamerica's best inn - andersonclarion hotel waterfront plazaembassy suties downtownembassy suites indianapolis northred carpet inn & fantasuite hotelholiday inn indianapolis north at the pyramidscomfort suites indianapolis/fishersla quinta eastdays inn indianapolisuniversity place conference centerthe westin indianapolisdays inn airportramada airport indianapolisdays inn & suitesclarion inn & suites northwesthotels by featurenon-smoking hotelwifipet-friendlymeeting facilitygay-friendlyswimming poolfitness centerin-room safelarge hotelsmall hotel





