

















home | city of worcester, ma























search term(s) go!

   
















 i want to




popular topics


get latest news
make a payment
municipal calendar
vital records
video on demand
worcester 311
report a problem...

animal control
anonymous crime tips
file a claim
opportunities...

boards & commissions
job opportunities



doing business...

business certificates
open bids
ordinances & regulations
permits & licensing
plan an event
start a business
residents...

dog licenses
parks & recreation
resident parking program
seasonal street programs
taxes & assessments
trash & recycling



search for...

agendas & minutes
property records
real estate tax/cml
tax foreclosures
tax payment history

where do i vote?
learn more...

public library
public schools
senior center
veterans' services
youth opportunities
a to z...




 make a payment
 worcester 311
 departments

 translate

العربية
中文(简体)
中文(香港)
español
français
polskie
português
tiếng việt
more...





search term(s)


go!




welcome to worcester, massachusetts!
















black history month








fy25 - 29 strategic plan






ice skating on the oval







vision zero draft plan available







drought information












work for worcester














  previous    next



welcome to worcester!
   

 



 residents


 businesses


 government


 visitors




in the spotlight







american rescue plan act (arpa)
learn more 






celebrating black history month
learn more 






city census & annual street listing
learn more 






dog license renewals
learn more 




fy25 - 29 strategic plan
learn more 

























winter parking ban info
learn more 














news & announcements




latest news
facebook
seasonal






 declared winter parking ban lifted as of 7 a.m. monday 
the declared winter parking ban for the city of worcester will be lifted at 7 a.m. monday, feb. 17, 2025.
posted: sunday 02/16/25 

 declared winter parking ban to take effect 3 p.m. saturday
due to an expected snowstorm, a declared winter parking ban for the city of worcester will go into effect at 3 p.m. saturday, feb. 15.
posted: friday 02/14/25 

 dpw&p to begin sewer work on shrewsbury street, surrounding streets feb. 18
the department of public works & parks (dpw&p) announced thursday that it will begin work to rehabilitate underground sanitary sewers on shrewsbury street, plum street, and a portion of east worcester street on feb. 18.
posted: thursday 02/13/25 

more announcements...





 we want to hear from you!...posted: tuesday 02/18/25 12:00 pm update: due to the weather, the planned work on shrewsbury street, plum street, and a portion of east worcester street is delayed and is expected to begin friday, feb. 21....posted: tuesday 02/18/25  6:00 am the department of public works & parks has plowed through the night and continues to treat roads and clear catch basins....posted: monday 02/17/25  6:00 am the declared winter parking ban for the city of worcester will be lifted at 7 a.m. monday, feb. 17....posted: sunday 02/16/25  6:20 pm

more news...






 city of worcester census
verify that there is no change (i.e. all information listed on your census form is correct) on your 2025 voter registration information system validation and annual street listing form. 

 dog licenses issued april 1 - may 31
licenses are issued each year, expiring on march 31. the renewal period for said licenses begins april 1 and goes until may 31. licenses renewed after the renewal period may be subject to a late fee. 

 hope cemetery spring cleanup 2025
the city of worcester dpw – parks, recreation & cemetery division respectfully requests that all fall/winter decorations, flowers, fences and/or religious objects be removed from the lots including the children's garden by sunday, april 6, 2025.  

 snowplow applications now accepted
we are now hiring snow plowing equipment for the upcoming winter season. please fill out and return an application if you are interested. 

 tax payment history
you may search the city of worcester tax payment database for excise, personal property and real estate net tax payments per calendar year. 

 winter parking ban
the winter parking ban is designed to keep streets open, safe and essential traffic moving during snow storms. the permanent ban will remain in effect from december 1st through april 30th. 

 worcester common oval ice skating
following another successful out to lunch concert series & farmers' market, the worcester common oval welcomes the return of public skating on the common. 

more seasonal information...









meetings & events



municipal

culture






 create 508 free youth workshop - vinyl cutting stickers
when: wednesday 02/19/25 3:00 pmwhere: worcester community action council, 18 chestnut street suite 500 

 upsala elder apartments neighborhood meeting
when: wednesday 02/19/25 3:00 pmwhere: upsala elder apartments, 36 upsala street 

 addison apartments community meeting
when: wednesday 02/19/25 3:30 pmwhere: addison apartments (wha), 2 addison street 

 central ma metropolitan planning organization
when: wednesday 02/19/25 4:00 pmwhere: virtual meeting 

 commission on latino affairs
when: wednesday 02/19/25 5:30 pmwhere: city hall, levi lincoln chamber, 455 main street 

more events...














 we want you on our team!
learn why working for worcester is so great! features include:

competitive pay.
comprehensive benefits package.
benefits start on your first day of employment!

work for worcester employment opportunities







programs & initiatives







investigations division intake form
use this online form to submit a report of discrimination, bias, harassment or excessive force to the executive office of diversity, equity & inclusion's investigations division. 


















informing worcester
informing worcester is the city's open data portal where all interested parties can obtain public information at no cost. explore, visualize and download city of worcester, ma data!










mobility action plan
the mobility action plan aims to enhance our transportation network by better supporting safe, equitable and sustainable mobility choices. 









safer speed limits
the city-wide speed limit in worcester has been reduced to 25 mph in thickly settled or business districts in an effort to make our streets safer for all users. 

















welcome to worcester
welcome to the country's most vibrant and livable mid-sized city! with a population of more than 200,000 and more than 35,000 college students, worcester is the second largest city in new england. centrally located, the city is under an hour from boston, providence and hartford.
learn more about the "heart of the commonwealth."
quick facts









about worcester

city manager
elected officials
quick facts
special projects
worcester history



quick links

accessibility
diversity & inclusion
employee portal
stay connected
translate




city of worcester
                worcester 311
		monday - friday
		8 a.m. - 5 p.m.
                phone: 311
contact us
services tour 


  








home | 
            login | 
            disclaimer | privacy policy | 
            site map
© 2025 copyright city of worcester, ma. all rights reserved.
official city of worcester, ma website worcesterma.gov






















