
billionaires for bush






























be a billionaire! 
about the billionaires 
the issues 
recent events
donate
blog & forum
online store
campaign materials 
photo gallery
pressroom











 html email
 plain text email

     















we're baaaaack...
billionairesforwealthcare.com








the bright side






all is not lost, billionaires.  to soothe your upper class mind amid this troubling time of change we offer a few slivers of hope.


- new staffers can be bribed at a much lower rate.
- no-bid education contracts.
- a few more weeks left for pardons, pardons, pardons. 


red white & bling



if you're in nyc and looking for something special to do on november 4th, join us at the green room at 45 bleecker in manhattan for red white & bling:  election night 2008 with the billionaire follies.  


after eight years of living high on the hog, the billionaires for bush will say farewell to the best president money could buy in a spectacular election night revue.  george w. bush hosts the evening, with sarah palin riding shotgun.  the two will welcome a delirious cavalcade of acts and guests, including:

- 2008 u.s. tango champions gayle madeira and lexa rosean dancing an election night tango
- the raging grannies
- hungry march band

- and of course the sparkling and irrepressible billionaire follies will be on hand throughout.  
the live show will be followed by a results-watching party, with live news coverage playing on the big screen, and periodic commentary from the billionaire crew.  

tickets at telecharge.com or call (212) 239-6200.




we are ready to sacrifice.



mccain details plan to cut taxes for us, the wealthy, and we will in turn give it back... eventually. 

seriously, cut capital gains taxes for wealthy investors.  now.  trust us. (video courtesy of time.com)




thank you, america.
 




privatize profits. nationalize losses. who got what -  click here for the breakdown.



"unleash the hounds..."  
 








feb 14, 2008: 

status quo is latin for scandal, recession, bush, mccain, global warming, children without healthcare, young men and women dying in iraq for 100 years, and tax cuts for the super-rich while we rack up trillion dollar deficits. if you prefer more of the same, please stick with the grand ol' party. if you want hope and change, there's that other guy running for president...



members of the power elite featured in this video include: dick cheney, filmore barrols, ivy league-legacy, jen trification, d. forrest callee, monet oliver de place, winsome mandate, and lily the dog.



billionaires in 
hostile takeover of 
comedy central's  
indecision 2008 blog





jan. 21, 2008: 

celebrate a new year of power and prestige by reading ivy league-legacy's "billionaire's guide to the candidates!" 

 




to help you choose the next best president that money can buy, over the coming weeks the billionaires' own ivy league legacy and her crack team of moneyed researchers will be rating candidates from both sides of the aisle on comedy central's "indecision 2008" blog.*

today's latest post is about ron paul, the candidate who's both with us and against us.  you can also browse back through previous posts on mike huckabee and barack obama.  



*regrettably, since this is strictly an internet venture, there is no union-busting involved. we'll have to get those dastardly wga writers some other way. asking to be paid for their work. preposterous!





wanted: farmer to front for nation's elite!





nov. 5, 2007: the institute for the preservation of dynastic wealth has launched an urgent search for a sympathetic farmer to represent the millionaires and billionaires who currently suffer under the cruel, oppresive thumb of the estate tax.
time is of the essence. sen max baucus will be hold hearings to consider reform or repeal of the estate tax on november 14th. with the opposition finally wising up that our "hurts family farms and small businesses" talking point is empty, we must find a flesh and blood example to prop up before congress.

in addition to becoming our national spokesperson, winners of the search will receive this wonderful gift bag, courtesy of some of the 18 wealthy families funding repeal efforts.


don't wait! 

read ipdw's press release.




billionaires defend fisher island, florida


stand up for beleaguered residents living within america's richest zip code.






october 20, 2007 --
 


 seiu complains that fisher island employees face segregation, low wages and unaffordable health insurance deductibles.  rhetoric sadly misconstrues indentured servitude as a bad thing.  billionaire fight to keep the status in status quo.



read all about it in the sun post





trust fund kids for norm canvas for estate tax repeal



go door-to-door by limo in minnesota state senate district 41






august 11, 2007 --

 trust fund kids for norm (coleman), a coalition of heirs and heiresses entitled to billions of dollars in inherited wealth, were escorted door-to-door by limo as they campaigned to end discrimination against the wealthiest 0.03%. 



dressed in their finest polo shirts and crested blazers, young members of the group handed out flyers and spoke with voters of sen. norm coleman's unwavering support for privileged people over working people.



read more 





heirs and heiresses unite! 







the billionaires have teamed up with the center for the preservation of dynastic wealthi, a coalition of decadent heiresses, globe trotting playboys and their trust fund kids to repeal the most progressive tax in america. 

click here for the latest campaign info, action materials and up to date facts on this most discriminatory tax.






want more billionaire action?  



 click here  for all the exploits, plunder and priviledge since 2004.





support bush's billionaire budget!


president bush has proposed a delightful budget. we really couldn't have asked for a better valentine. in honor of 
valentine's week and its logical culmination on our president's day, we are encouraging billionaires across 
the land to thank our president for his generous — dare we 
say romantic? — budget. read our press release.



four more wars!

billionaires for bush raises its martini glasses to president bush?s victory in the 2004 election! in the words of our 
illustrious ceo, phil t. rich, "we paid for eight years." with the help of an estimated 1 million spoiled and purged votes, which our obedient media institutions ignored as a "minor 
problem", we're looking forward to four more years of war profiteering, corporate welfare, secret energy policy meetings, pollution exemptions, no-bid contracts and white house 
sleepovers. read our post-election press release.


and please enjoy...

download "the real
      dick cheney" mp3
watch our tv infomercial

block the vote! heroes playing cards

"billionaires are in the house" music video
mockumentary: "four more years"
new mp3: "don't vote"






we have identified 54 individuals who courageously placed career, reputation, and self-respect on the line during the 2004 
election to prevent total voter enfranchisement. with our new collection of signs, posters, and online cards, you too can 
celebrate their hard work. here are their stories »






 






   




  new
 billionaire cd! 
 stay the course! 
 



 you decide
what you pay
per song!


give 'em a listen!   

click here.  
 

  the
 2008 billionaire 
 wall calendar 
 



 




click here.  
 

  now available  on dvd! 



 own yours today.  click here.  
  
  

catch the trailer at getonthelimo.com(website requires flash player 8) 


whistle while you plunder: buy our music cds



watch the archives on the i.n.n. website, including a clip show of the first season,





social insecurity calculator

see how much privatization will cost
taxpayers while we
reap billions!




discover yourbillionaire name!








 
email this site | site map | privacy policy

 





billionaires for bush is a grassroots 527 organization advocating for the rights and interests of people ofabsolutely fabulous wealth.   §   site paid for and maintained by billionaires, inc.   §   contributions tobillionaires inc. or billionaires for bush are not tax-deductible for federal income tax purposes.copyright © 2004 billionaires, inc.
website design by nick jehlen website code by kendra markle with support from phillip & michael 









