












durham school services





































































 


call us 1-800-950-0485



get a charter quote



request more information


 

 










 


 







 
homesafetycontracting 
the durham differencespecial needsfor parentsaboutcontact uscareers 














 








homesafetycontracting 
the durham differencespecial needsfor parentsaboutcontact uscareers  

  














durham school services  
							getting students to school safely, on time and ready to learn®. 
							request more information
 










the durham difference®
durham provides safe and reliable transportation to students across the united states, transporting more than 1,000,000 students daily. with our expertise and nationwide resources, you will no longer have to worry about: new bus capital, routing issues, bus breakdowns and the recruitment and training of drivers.


















technology



suite of safety technologies
with more than 100 years of experience transporting students across the u.s., we have learned what it takes to operate…
learn more














safety



safety is priority one
safety is one of our core company values, and nothing is more important than the safety of our passengers. our…
learn more














special needs service



specialized transportation services for special students
our business is devoted to special needs transportation. we are recognized experts in this area. we hire people with the…
learn more














fleet & maintenance



a higher standard
we are industry leaders when it comes to maintaining our buses to ensure passenger safety. our safety begins with safe vehicles.…
learn more














recruitment & training



our people
in support of our commitment to safety, we meet or exceed all required federal and state mandates for school bus…
learn more














100 years of service



leadership in student transportation
durham school services can trace its history back to 1917, to a three-bus company started in the san gabriel valley…
learn more








see the durham difference


quick facts




340
+
school districts served



32
states served



14,400
+
vehicles in fleet



16,000
+
employees



1,000,000
+
students transported daily



140
+
customer service centers


safety is priority one



did you know that riding a bus is the safest way for children to get to and from school? it’s 12 times safer than riding to school in a car and 10 times safer than walking.*

there is nothing more important to us than safety, one of our core values. our safety program is comprehensive, from hiring and employee recognition to daily protocols and procedures in order to ensure all students are safe at all times when in our care.
an effective safety program must encompass all aspects of transportation, including operations, training, maintenance, and administration, while remaining focused on people, students, employees and the public. our number one responsibility is to protect against harm and to give our customers the confidence that we will provide safe and reliable service every day.
*source: safety stats



learn more

special needs service


school transportation is unique to each student with special needs, and our company has a long history of partnering with districts for special needs transportation services because of the unique requirements. in its early years, durham concentrated in special education transportation; we can trace our roots back to a three-bus company started in 1917 to serve students with special needs in the san gabriel valley of california, a district we continue to serve today. many of our home-to-school brands started their companies in the same way, by providing busing to special needs students. this specialization has helped us to nurture a unique commitment to quality service that remains throughout our company.
we have maintained our passion for servicing the special needs community as we have grown our business for more than 100 years. today, we provide special needs transportation services from more than nearly 200 customer service centers throughout north america, and are privileged to transport more than 100,000 students with special needs to and from school daily.



learn more



our technology


our company is committed to staying current with changing technologies in the student transportation industry. the technology solutions we offer our customers are intended to provide increased safety and greater operational efficiencies. we can provide the following options based on individual contract specifications:

cameras – onboard video and audio recording
lytx drivecam® – video recording and risk management tools
bus and stop-arm cameras
two-way radios
bus wifi
gps
zonar® electronic vehicle inspection tool
bus tracker® mobile app
student tracking
compass – proprietary operations scheduling platform
driver dashboard
oracle enterprise resource planning (erp) reporting tool
domo analytics dashboard
computerized routing software
applicant tracking system (a.t.s.) for recruitment

many of our technology tools are tied to our safety initiatives. click below to learn more.



learn more



request more information
there are many benefits that come from partnering with an external provider for your student transportation needs. find out how durham school services is the right solution for you.


 























i am interested in * accounts payablebus rental and charterpublic relations and mediapurchasing and procurementselling my companytransportation outsourcing







contact us











interested in chartering
a bus for your next outing?
book a charter






















national express llc (nellc) is the north american subsidiary of national express group, plc, one of the premier transportation firms in the united kingdom. durham is part of national express school (nexs), the home-to-school division of nellc. learn more at nellc.com.











durham school services can trace its history back to 1917, to a three-bus company started in the san gabriel valley of california. in its early years, durham specialized in special education transportation. this specialization has helped to nurture a unique commitment to quality service that is still maintained throughout our company today.



privacy policy
terms of use
cookie privacy policy
for employees









to submit driver feedback, visit:










copyright© 2024 durham school services – all rights reserved





























 