









hide tanning and taxidermy taxidermy articles for taxidermists by taxidermists.









hide tanning and taxidermysponsored by:whitetail designer systems, inc.                            deer meat and venison recipesfavorite deer meat and venison recipes, and cooking techniques shared by members of the taxidermy industry. free online virus scancourtesy of trendmicro.com, their virus scanner allows you to scan your computer for viruses, using a free, online virus scanner.bobcat or lynx skinning for taxidermycourtesy of bobcat taxidermy specialist, kansas taxidermist lonny travis.lonny explains, and illustrates, skinning in preparation for tanning, a bobcat for use as a lifesize taxidermy mount.bobcat or lynx mounting processlonny travis takes you through a step by step sequence of mounting a lifesize bobcat in text and photos.taxidermy mounting standtaxidermy mounting stand plans for whitetail deer or gamehead taxidermy.inexpensive approach for beginning whitetail taxidermy.whitetail deer ear liner alteration and other taxidermy tips                                               by glen conleyfleshing machines article by dan moon.  dan offers suggestions on set up and use of fleshing machines for taxidermists.fleshing machinesdeer meat and venison recipesfree virus scanbobcat or lynx skinningbobcat or lynx mountingtaxidermy mounting standear liner alterationtaxidermist directory.  a guide to taxidermists, illustrated with taxidermy photos, for the hunter and fisherman seeking taxidermy services.page 1   page 2  page 3  page 4  page 5  page 6  page 7  page 8  page 9page 10  page 12  page 13  page 14  page 15  page 16  page 17  page 18e-mail                               microscope photography                                             by glen conleythe intent of this article is to help you gain a better perspective of sizes at the microscopic level.  once you can actually see with the eye, a lot of guess work and unsupported opinions can be eliminated in a hurry.  it can be hard to argue with a photograph.  many of the problem areas in tanning and taxidermy are taking place at the microscopic level, and below.                               microscope photographytaxidermy.net was created by ken edwards, and is sponsored by his company, wasco. it is the internet masterpiece of taxidermy websites that provides a gathering point for all members of the taxidermy community.a special public thank you is extended to mr. edwards, and wasco, fortheir generosity, and contributions in promoting modern taxidermy, and the taxidermy industry.website services for taxidermists are being provided by jason keehr, of milesco scientific.  many of the sites in the taxidermist directory were created by jason.  he is a natural talent with computer graphics, and this artistry is reflected in the sites he designs almost to the point of being a trademark style.his offer is only $500 for the first year, then only $200 a year after that. the domain name is included, along with 50 mb of hosting.  no hidden fees.  contact him here:  www.americantaxidermist.com/taxidermist_web_design.htmlarticles for taxidermists by taxidermists.                                           form alteration                                               by glen conleystep-by-step whitetail deer shoulder mount form alteration illustrated with photos.                                           form alteration                                         stop-rot articles indexstop-rot articles are loaded with taxidermy and tanning tips.  covers stop-rot in mammal skin tanning, stop-rot in wild turkey taxidermy , stop-rot in fish taxidermy, stop-rot on freezer burn, stop-rot as a preparation for taxidermy tanning, stop-rot and long term freezing of capes, stop-rot as a preservative,  stop-rot  what's next !?!                                         stop-rot articlestaxidermy articles by texas taxidermist evelyn mills of billington ranch taxidermy.  skull cleaning, snake skinnning, snake mounting, reptile taxidermy and more.                                                      taxidermy articlesworld's purdiest taxidermists directorywild boar taxidermy product review                      by mark haineault             wild boar taxidermy products             ear cartilage removal made easierby battle creek, michigan taxidermist mark haineault                       ear cartilage removalcritics' cornerconstructive criticisms and taxidermy tips presented here.           you provide the mount photos or critiques!                          critics' corneropen mouth whitetail deer competition mount critique              a critique of a competition mount mounted by dave hyer,              and critiqued by rick carter.                               open mouth whitetailtaxidermy habitat shelves and ledges              ledge building made simple                        by terry davistaxidermy habitat shelves and ledgeswatch the progressive developement of taxidermy forms with glen conley.whitetail doe form altered to button buck                    by glen conley                doe to button buckarticles dealing with hair slip, slipping hair on capes, chemically induced hair slip, lack of stretch of a tanned cape or hide, hair damage, follicle and hair structure, and caribou hair growth developement sequences.                                       slipping hair on capes                             coyote taxidermy tutorial                               by illinois taxidermist terry davisa step by step taxidermy article in photos and text showing how to mount a coyote shoulder mount.                             coyote taxidermy tutorialthere's even more tanning and taxidermy information and articles!            more tanning and taxidermy articles           taxidermy for beginnerstaxidermy tips for getting started into taxidermy           taxidermy for beginnerstaxidermy schools, classes, and workshops                         taxidermy training                         basic deer mounting illustratedohio taxidermist dan jennings mounts up on the first real deer form.                                        deer mountingtaxidermy industry announcements  page 1  taxidermy industry announcements  page 2taxidermy industry announcements  page 3      whitetail designer systems, inc.has made another expansion! web site services for taxidermists are now available!        see a sample of a basic site package.                                      learn more. our industry's guru now has his own blog.                       visit him at:ken's corner









