






kentucky geography network




















  

kentucky.gov





home
open data
services
info
 links 

open data portal
kyfromabove
kygovmaps
kystorymaps
kygeodesy
the commonwealth map
kentucky.gov











welcome to the kentucky geography network
the kygeonet is the geospatial data clearinghouse for the commonwealth of kentucky. a
        variety of datasets can be located and downloaded, static map products can be viewed, and many web mapping
        applications and services are easily accessible. use the search capabilities of the kygovmaps open gis data portal to find gis services and data resources or connect
        directly to our web mapping services using your desktop-based or web-based gis software.
      






kygovmaps
the commonwealth'sopen gis data portal







kyfromabove
ky's aerial photography &elevation data program







kystorymaps
tour kentucky withinteractive story maps






 









web mapping services

















kygisserver
kentucky's dedicated arcgis server for publicly accessible map services is known
                  as kygisserver.  all services located on this server are offered in web mercator -
                  102100 (3857) so they can be easily leveraged in web mapping applications.
both dynamic and cached base map services can be found on
                  kygisserver.  updates to these services are performed on a regular basis.
use the link to the rest endpoint provided below for a full listing of services
                  and specific service information.
rest endpoint (https)








kyraster
kentucky's dedicated arcgis server for publicly accessible image services is known
                  as kyraster.  all services located on this server are offered in kentucky single zone
                  - 102763 (3089) and a subset are also offered in web mercator - 102100 (3857).
both imagery and elevation services are can be found on kyraster.  new
                  services are created as data is made available to dgi.
use the link to the rest endpoint provided below for a full listing of services
                  and specific service information.
rest endpoint (https)








guidance documents
the links below provide guidance on how to connect to the commonwealth's arcgis
                  server services using arcmap and arcgis pro.
connecting to
                    map services 
connecting
                    to image services
connecting to services 
				    using arcgis pro






    









information













contact information

division of geographic information
              500 mero street
              frankfort, ky 40601
              502-564-6268
gis.ky.gov


guidance
              users of the kentucky geography network web site and all associated data resources should carefully read
              the metadata to determine if a particular published resource is of sufficient accuracy for their
              particular application. when any question as to currency or degree of accuracy is not adequately answered
              within the metadata, users are encouraged to contact the contributing agency directly using the contact
              information provided.


disclaimer
              neither the kentucky geography network nor its publishers represent or warrant that the information
              contained on this website is accurate, complete, or current or that that the website will operate without
              interruption or error. the kentucky geography network further disclaims any and all representations and/or
              warranties made with respect to this site by any contributing source as to its contents, whether express,
              implied, or statutory, including, but not limited to, warranties of title, merchantability, and fitness
              for a particular purpose.



policies   security   disclaimer   accessibility


                 â©  commonwealth of kentucky. all rights reserved.
            










 














