







 sustainability dictionary





































sustainability dictionary





a
b
c
d
e
f
g
h
i
j
k
l
m
n
o
p
q
r
s
t
u
v
w
x
y
z
click here to learn more about presidio graduate school!























access economy
the “access economy”, sometimes called the “sharing economy” is a general catch all for economic activity generated by companies who enable the sharing of resources.  airbnb or zipcar are classic examples.




energy intensity
energy intensity is the ratio of energy consumption to gross domestic product measured in joule/usd. a demand indicator, it was originally a proxy for the energy efficiency of a country, and has been adapted to measure the energy efficiency of cities and corporations. energy intensity is an aggregate indicator applicable in both public and private […]




cost benefit analysis
cost benefit analysis is a financial method of evaluating the feasibility of a project or program by systematically summing its benefits and deducting its costs. it represents an advance over traditional forms of valuation in that it includes opportunity costs, cost of externalities and costs of intangible assets. it is used in private projects as […]




iso 26000
the iso 26000 series represents a unique top-down protocol in corporate social responsibility standards, created by the international organization for standardization to implement consensus on sustainable management standards across borders and to provide practical implementation of the iso 19011 series, the iso 14000 series, and the gri standards. it is a voluntary guidance standard adopted […]




national environmental policy act (nepa)
a federal law enacted in 1969 requiring review for any “major federal action significantly affecting the quality of the human environment…” (link to nepa statute).  environmental review under nepa can be triggered by major policy changes, public or private projects funded by, and private projects permitted by a federal agency.  nepa also created the council […]









access economy
the “access economy”, sometimes called the “sharing economy” is a general catch all for economic activity generated by companies who enable the sharing of resources.  airbnb or zipcar are classic examples.







energy intensity
energy intensity is the ratio of energy consumption to gross domestic product measured in joule/usd. a demand indicator, it was originally a proxy for the energy efficiency of a country, and has been adapted to measure the energy efficiency of cities and corporations. energy intensity is an aggregate indicator applicable in both public and private […]







cost benefit analysis
cost benefit analysis is a financial method of evaluating the feasibility of a project or program by systematically summing its benefits and deducting its costs. it represents an advance over traditional forms of valuation in that it includes opportunity costs, cost of externalities and costs of intangible assets. it is used in private projects as […]







iso 26000
the iso 26000 series represents a unique top-down protocol in corporate social responsibility standards, created by the international organization for standardization to implement consensus on sustainable management standards across borders and to provide practical implementation of the iso 19011 series, the iso 14000 series, and the gri standards. it is a voluntary guidance standard adopted […]














about
creative commons
sample page
sample page
site credits
submit a term



 copyright © 2025 · all rights reserved · sustainability dictionary · hosted by presidio.edu








