























psychiatric patient advocate office | ontario.ca



















      skip to main content
    






ontario.ca needs javascript to function properly and provide you with a fast, stable experience.


to have a better experience, you need to:

go to your browser's settings
enable javascript
 









ontario.ca homepage







search



submit










français
fr






search





menu




close












menu




arts and culture


business and economy


covid-19


driving and roads


education and training


environment and energy


government


health and wellness


home and community


jobs and employment


law and safety


rural and north


taxes and benefits


travel and recreation












 






home


health and wellness














psychiatric patient advocate office


find information about your rights, advocacy and educational services for mental health patients and families through the psychiatric patient advocate office (ppao).






  on this page
  skip this page navigation









overviewthe psychiatric patient advocate office (ppao) is part of ontario’s ministry of health. it was established in 1983 to protect the rights of patients in psychiatric facilities and ensure the voice of the patient is promoted and their rights are protected. all ppao services are confidential and are independent from hospitals.the ppao provides the following services:rights adviceadvocacy serviceseducation rightsrights information for patients with changes in legal statusif a doctor believes a patient is suffering from mental illness that will likely result in serious harm to themselves or others, they can fill out a psychiatric assessment form (form 1) to have the patient held in the hospital. learn more about what happens when a form 1 is issued.after a psychiatric assessment, doctors in mental health facilities can change a patient’s legal status. if a doctor changes your legal status, your rights will also change.if you’re a patient and a doctor changed your legal status, under the mental health act, a doctor must contact a rights adviser to meet with you. the rights adviser will:explain how the change affects your rightsdiscuss the doctor’s decision with you to see if you agree with the decisionhelp you apply to the consent and capacity board for a hearing if you don’t agree with the doctor’s decisionhelp you find a lawyerhelp you apply for legal aidrights advisers do not work for the hospital, and the service they provide is free and confidential. only the patient can refuse rights advice. learn more about patient rights and who is eligible to receive this free and confidential service from a rights adviser.changes to legal statusdoctors in mental health facilities can change your legal status to:an involuntary patient for two weeks or more (involuntary patients cannot leave the hospital without the doctor’s permission).incapable of consenting to treatment (a substitute decision-maker, usually a close relative, makes treatment decisions for you).incapable of managing your property (someone else handles your finances while you’re in hospital or after you are discharged)incapable of consenting to the use, collection or disclosure of your personal health informationplaced on a community treatment order from the doctor, including orders to take medication or attend appointments while you’re not in hospital. patients can be admitted to a hospital voluntarily, depending on their individual circumstances.throughout the process, a deemed hearing may be required under the mental health act. learn more about when and why a deemed hearing may be needed.advocacy services for patientsthe ppao has advocates in nine psychiatric facilities in ontario. these advocates can help patients who have concerns about their:caretreatmentquality of lifeadvocates provide services that:are freeare confidentialfollow your requestsare independent from the hospitalif you’re a patient in a facility with an advocate, you can request one to help you:navigate the hospital systemresolve concerns and negotiate with hospital staffrefer you to outside community agencies and resources, if necessarymake informed decisionsmaintain responsibility for your wellness and recoverybe involved in all decisions which affect your care, life and treatmentcontact an advocatethere are advocates that you can contact if you are a patient at one of these nine facilities.the royal – brockville mental health centrebrockvilletel: 613-345-1461 ext. 2530st. joseph’s healthcare – west 5th campushamiltontel: 905-522-1155 ext. 35514providence care hospitalkingstontel: 613-544-4900 ext. 53081parkwood institutelondontel: 519-455-5110 ext. 47267waypoint centre for mental health carepenetanguishene (ontario)tel: 705-549-3181 ext. 2385tel: 705-549-3181 ext. 2389southwest centre for forensic mental health carest. thomastel: 519-631-8510 ext. 49451st. joseph’s care groupthunder baytel: 807-343-2431 ext. 4386centre for addiction and mental healthtorontotel: 416-535-8501 ext. 33149 tel: 416-535-8501 ext. 33199ontario shores centre for mental health scienceswhitbytel: 905-668-5881 ext. 6812if you contact us from a different hospital, we will:direct you to that hospital’s client or patient relations departmentprovide you with other referrals relevant to your concernseducational servicescontact the ppao to learn about our services, the mental health act, related legislation and various topics supporting mental health and patient rights.please contact our office at ppao.moh@ontario.ca to arrange a free presentation.contact the ppaoyou can contact the ppao, monday to friday, 8:30 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. eastern time, excluding public holidays, by:phone: 1-800-578-2343 (toll-free)fax: 416-327-7008email: ppao.moh@ontario.camailing address:5700 yonge street, 5th floortoronto, ontariom4m 2k5holiday closuresthe ppao is closed on the holidays listed below.new year’s dayfamily daygood fridayeaster mondayvictoria daycanada daycivic holidaylabour daynational day for truth and reconciliationthanksgiving dayremembrance daychristmas dayboxing dayrights advice requests received after 5:00 p.m. on friday’s or the day prior to a holiday will be processed the following business day.resourcesfact sheet (pdf) - psychiatric patient advocate office (ppao)know your rightsapplication for psychiatric assessment (form1)rights advice under the mental health act (mha)involuntary patientscommunity treatment ordersubstitute decision makersdeemed hearing under the mhavoluntary patients





          related information


mental health actconsent and capacity boarddesignated psychiatric facilities and hospitals






updated: may 29, 2024


published: october 21, 2020

















ministry of health



the ministry of health works to help people stay healthy, delivering high-quality care when they need it and protecting the health system for future generations.






questions or comments
there are many ways to contact the government of ontario.

          contact us
        








about ontario


accessibility


news


privacy


terms of use





          © king’s printer for ontario, 2012–to25
         

































      top
    


