






st. patrick’s day parade – céad míle fáilte – a hundred thousand welcomes





















































skip to content





































menu 
home2025 parade parade day parade application, rules, & regulations officers parade award winners parade ball honorees family fun zone parade faq parkingupcoming events2025 parade ball 2025 parade ball information & ticketssupport the parade sponsorship donatehistory grand marshals parade queen parade button street naming historyfaqconnect with us contact us in the news parade committee

















donate now























 
home2025 parade parade day parade application, rules, & regulations officers parade award winners parade ball honorees family fun zone parade faq parkingupcoming events 2025 enova celtic circuit paint night with queen sarah step ‘n sip rum runners at nebco annual corned beef dinner personalized high ball glasses2025 parade ball 2025 parade ball information & tickets



























 
support the parade sponsorship donatehistory grand marshals parade queen parade button street naming historyfaqconnect with us contact us in the news parade committee








 







 






welcome to the 2025st. patrick's day parade







céad míle fáilte - a hundred thousand welcomes









day





hour





minute





second









get involvedsee how you can participate








get involvedsee how you can participate
































see our upcoming events!











tuesday, january 28




















sunday, february 2




















wednesday, february 12




















friday, february 21




















sunday, february 23










































check out some of our past events!


















































































st. patrick's day parade
greater new haven, ct
183rd annual event:
march 16, 2025

































upcoming
events




















support
the parade




















2024 parade
ball honorees

















2025 parade information






the greater new haven st. patrick's day parade is held on sunday, march 16, 2025.
the parade begins on chapel street at sherman avenue, and continues on chapel street toward the green. the route turns left onto church street, turns right onto elm street, and disburses by orange street.

















upcoming events












 feb 21 2025

rum runners at nebco
 new england brewing co. 


 feb 23 2025

annual corned beef dinner
 knights of st. patrick 




        no event found!    











announcements







see our 2024 parade award winners! »
route for 2025 parade »
learn about our committee volunteers »
apply online to the 2025 parade »
see the 2025 parade button »










faq







when is the parade? sunday, march 16, 2025. step-off is 1:30 pm.
where does the parade start? chapel street at sherman avenue.
how long is the parade? approximately 3 hours and 1.3 miles
how much does it cost? it’s free to come see the largest single-day spectator event in ct.
what time do the streets close? most are closed at 11:00 a.m. church street from chapel to grove st. is generally closed by 6:00 a.m.
will the parade be canceled if it rains or snows? no, the parade is held rain or shine. the only weather-related cancellation would be due to a blizzard in which the governor shuts the streets down.

see more faq »

















the parade






céad míle fáilte -- a hundred thousand welcomes -- from the greater new haven st. patrick’s day parade committee. the st. patrick’s day parade tradition was born in new haven on march 17, 1842, when about 90 members of the hibernian provident society, a mutual aid organization formed the previous year, marched through the city streets behind a banner made especially for the occasion.
lovingly sewn into the banner were traditional irish depictions: st. patrick in his bishop’s robes, an irish wolfhound, a harp, shamrocks, and a portrait of gen. richard montgomery, the irish-born hero of the american revolution. as joan moynihan and neil hogan, authors of “images of america: new haven st. patrick’s day parade” explained, the banner had two mottos which bespoke the dual loyalties of the marchers: “e pluribus unum” ("out of many, one") and “erin go bragh”.



































the history






since the mid-1950’s the st. patrick’s day parade of greater new haven has become one of new england’s premier irish events. it is the largest, single-day spectator event in the state of connecticut. as the 6th oldest parade in the nation, its fame was recognized by the library of congress in 1999. this keepsake of new haven’s irish community became a national keepsake when the library of congress selected the greater new haven st. patrick’s day parade as an outstanding example of american folk life. (moynihan and hogan)
thank you to all who participate, attend and support the greater new haven st. patrick’s day parade. we are looking forward to the 2024 parade which will take place on sunday, march 10, 2024. we are very proud of this great tradition and we invite you to enjoy the information and history of our great parade in the pages of this web site!











family fun zone






the family fun zone is presented in partnership with the greater new haven st. patrick’s day parade and the town green district and their ambassadors. free family friendly entertainment is offered along with activities that will involve children of all ages! the nh town green ambassadors will monitor the ffz area while you enjoy food from the food trucks located conveniently on elm st. we also offer family friendly bathrooms with a changing table, tables & chairs, and a stroller viewing zone at church street.





























"for the whole world is irishon the seventeenth o' march"
- thomas augustine daly

















our sponsors




















go raibh maith agat






"thank you very much indeed"



















guinness.com









holloransage.com









iovanne.com









kofc.org









onha.yale.edu/









nhvhealth.org/









https://www.susanrobertsjewelry.com/









newhavenstatemarshal.com









pioneerenvironmentalct.com/









www.butlerequip.com









www.anthonysoceanview.com









valleyofnewhaven.org/









www.augliera.com









docuprintnow.com/









newenglandbrewing.com/









vfwnewhaven.org/






















want to sponsor? learn more








want to sponsor? learn more


















donate






the associated irish societies is an irs recognized non-profit with 501(c) (3) status. all donations are tax-deductible. donations are payable to the associated irish societies.







donate today










about






the greater new haven st. patrick’s day parade is connecticut’s largest single day spectator event attracting more than 325,000 people to the streets new haven each year. the parade is a longstanding tradition in the new haven community, and the members of the greater new haven st. patrick’s day parade committee volunteer to ensure the tradition continues.









get in touch






address
p.o. box 9078
new haven, ct 06532






email
chairperson@stpatricksdayparade.org






































© 2024 associated irish societies, inc.









 



































