








home page - holtz spa









































































 

















613-241-7770
info@holtzspa.com
 



  
 
 










home
book now
about us

company overview
media
careers


services

spa retreats

spa packages
stay & play adventure spa series


skin care

facial treatments
signature facials
programs
medispa skin care


massage and bodywork

massage therapy
aromatherapy massage
body and mind therapies
signature and oriental


body treatments

scrubs and wraps
detox and cellulite treatments
signature
body renewal experiences


manicures and pedicures

manicures
pedicures


men’s services
esthetics

lashes and eyebrows
makeup
permanent hair reduction
waxing
medispa


hair design studio
laser
injectables
medical esthetics
programs

advanced skin care
holtz 30 day detox
holtz algo-slim




gift cards
shop
restaurant
contact us
 


select page


  
 



 



 










harmony of body, mind and spirit

book now







holtz spa experience 





discover the ultimate escape in the heart of ottawa. feel stress and tension melt away as you enter our sensuous, calming and fragrant treatment rooms. a truly exceptional sensorial experience, you will emerge feeling balanced, relaxed and rejuvenated. book now to enjoy a one of a kind wellness experience.








gift cards
 
our spa services and gift cards make the perfect gift to show someone you care. treat yourself or surprise your family and friends.
learn more
 




news / events / offers
 
don’t miss exclusive offers on retreats, services and products. designed to offer you the best in wellness through massage therapy, facials, body treatments, esthetics and skincare.
learn more




reservations
 
book your wellness escape now. whether you come solo, with friends, family or a group, rest assured our professional team of therapists will have you feeling relaxed and rejuvenated.
book now





medical aesthetics








our medical aesthetic treatments are designed to address a broad range of skincare concerns. our highly qualified and professional team of skincare specialists use state-of-the-art technology and advanced skincare to deliver the highest quality service and results. click here for more information.








 














new synchronized 4-hand massage $179

this unique 60 minute treatment is performed by two therapists working in unison to create one fluid motion. a truly exceptional sensorial experience. begin with an indian head massage on the scalp, neck and shoulders while your feet are treated to a warm foot bath and exfoliation. then a flowing and rhythmic full body massage with warm dosha balancing oils works on the physical and subtle bodies to bring balance and harmony to the body and mind. this treatment is designed to improve circulation, remove toxins, calm the nervous system, and enhance immunity. 60 minutes of pure bliss!
 
 





our partners

























































































































 

 



 






contact us 



 holtz spafront: 135 rideau st.back: 90 george st.ottawa, ontariophone: (613) 241-7770email: info@holtzspa.com 



 


facebook
 



twitter
 



instagram
 










our newsletter 





first name



your email




								subscribe now			

 







hours of operation 



covid-19 hours of operationmonday         –  9:00am to 6:00pmtuesday        –  9:00am to 6:00pmwednesday  –  9:00am to 8:00pmthursday      –  9:00am to 8:00pmfriday             –  9:00am to 8:00pmsaturday       –  9:00am to 6:00pmsunday          – 11:00am to 5:00pm 







find us  



 













 








subscribe to our newslettersign up to receive our wellness emails which include exclusive promotions, contests, and information on new treatments! 

















subscribe!






you have successfully subscribed!




 



















































