






















home - amigopos restaurant pos point of sale touchscreen software - amigo point of sale
















































 program updates


 coming soon










 sign in



























                                                home
                                            



                                                features
                                            






overview
android phones & tablets
back office
branded appnew
call center
cash management
credit cards




customer accounts
customer receipts
devices
enterprise
gift cards
hotel interface
inventory




order types
quickbooks™ desktop
quickbooks™ online
remote display
retail
rewards
web orders









                                                download
                                            

windows pos
android pos



support

support ticket
drivers & utilities
user manuals
certified devices
system requirements
remote support




                                                buy amigopos
                                            



                                                contact
                                            



                                                android app
                                            



                                                youtube
                                            



































restaurant point of sale software
for fast food, table service, pizzerias, bars and night clubs 

download demo
android mobile app
















order entry screen













manager screen end of day













order entry screen modifiers













order entry screen bar menu













seating chart













seating chart designer













integrated credit card processing













approved credit card transaction













customer information screen













deliveries screen













back office customer receipt template editor













back office end of day













back office full size reports













back office mini reports













back office menu item editor













back office device settings













quickbooks online













call center agent















ideal for restaurants, bars & pizzerias





restaurants

features include up to 5 seating charts, table management, table-side ordering, guest name assignment and more...





bars

features include bar tabs with forced cutoff, existing order round reording, accurate inventory for upcharged drink orders and more...


read more...





pizzerias

features include a customer information screen with previous order history, customer account, alternate address, tax status and more...














android app
mobile app for your android phone or tablet. 
the lightweight android app is point of sale for table-side ordering (pay-at-table coming in q4). the app does not include pos features such as deliveries, manager screen and back office.
read more...














integrated credit card processing
integrated emv credit card processing with datacap netepay supports all major processors in north america.
fully integrated emv credit and debit card processing with datacap netepay™ for all major payment processors in north america.
amigopos interfaces with datacap netepay™ to process credit card transactions in as little as a few seconds using your existing internet connection.
netepay is an emv certified application from datacap systems. datacap netepay supports dozens of plug and play emv-ready devices depending on your payment processor's capabilities.
read more...



































devices
works with most popular devices
download the demo to test compatibility with your existing devices
certified devices

































latest updates




all updates









24
dec



fix
fixed issue where non-taxable misc items are not added to the order correctly in the android app.









23
dec



new feature
added setting to set the default login method at each pos station in back office | settings | main settings | user interface.









23
dec



new feature
added permission overrides so that users with insufficient permissions to perform some tasks can request a one time override from a user with valid permissions. click the help topic link for additional details.









17
dec



new feature
added price rule pos station option so that the default menu item price can be overridden at any or all pos stations.









17
dec



new feature
for vat tax users, added the option to deduct one-time fixed discounts before or after tax.









5
dec



new feature
order entry screen misc items can now contain up to 100 characters.









5
dec



new feature
added the option to display the current business day's order number range on the end of day report.









5
dec



new feature
added the option to display the in stock quantity  for regular and bar menu items where the menu item recipe contains only one inventory item.














custom branded android web ordering app
a custom built android app for your business with your logos, images and colors.
offers the same features as the browser-based web ordering service. orders are automatically received by the data service application running on the main pos station.
the app is listed under your business name in the google play store which delivers app updates directly to the end user's phone.
send messages directly to your customers from the pos.
read more...














frequently asked questions






monthly fees?

each license is a one-time purchase. there are no monthly fees or hidden costs.



pos station licensing?

a separate license is required at each pos station where orders are submitted or customer receipt are printed. a license is not required at back office computers or remote display computers. when a pos station license is not present, the order item name, price and order totals are obscured on the order entry screen, customer receipt and prep tickets.



tablet pos licensing?

individual tablets are not licensed. a single tablet server license is used to license an unlimited number of tablets. when a tablet server license is not present, customer receipts and prep tickets will not print for orders submitted using the tablet pos.



program updates?

same version updates with new features and fixes are provided at no additional cost by installing the current release. a new serial number is not required for program updates. a list of new features and fixes is available at the bottom of the download page.



full version upgrades?

one major version upgrade is provided free of charge to original purchasers (for example, original version 9 purchasers will receive version 9 at no cost). in general, a major version upgrade is released every 4-5 years.



technical support?

technical support is provided via support ticket. phone support is not included with amigopos. phone support is not required and generally not recommended, as most issues can be resolved via a support ticket. phone support can be purchased at a later date if necessary. note that phone support is generally not helpful for hardware or network related issues, which comprise the bulk of technical support requests. there is no time limit on the evaluation version; all peripherals, devices & datacap netepay, chargeitpro and openedge can be tested before purchasing amigopos.



refunds?

refunds are not available. download and install the current release of amigopos 9 to determine whether it is suitable for your business. there is no time limit on the demo version; all peripherals and credit card processing can be tested before purchasing amigopos. the database used in the demo is identical to the full version. if you enter your menu, employees, seating charts, inventory and other information in demo mode, you can continue to use the same database with amigopos 9 full version.














amigo point of sale ©2025




 terms
 privacy policy
















        
        
        ;

        



