



 parson place: resources for christian ministers, educators, writers, developers




















great christian books on sale now! both print and ebook versions available
the parson place press bookstore



search the parson place site with this site-specific google custom search tool                    
 home | 




 ministry | 

 writings | 


 testimonials | 

 collections | 


 tech tips | 


 shop | 

 about | 

policies | 

 blog | 

 sitemap

 parson place: resources for christian ministers, educators, writers, developers
mission statement:  using computers and the web to promote christian views and a faith-related community, parson place offers free software downloads, inspirational articles, pastoral ministry materials, a subscription-only email list, and much more! 

note: all articles/writings, clipart, software or any other original works created by michael l. white and placed on this site are copyrighted by michael l. white. all rights are reserved. for reprints or publications, please  contact michael l. white directly to request permission.

special note: be sure to browse my list of published books at books.parsonplace.com. read my latest blog post on the parson place news and views blog.

looking for ministry helps? click on the "ministry" menu to visit the parson's office page where you'll discover a host of christian resources for clergy and laity alike. in this area, you can find bible commentaries, sermon databases, pastoral minstry materials, bible study materials, and a plethora of other christian resources. you can also listen to a contemplative tune on the music player. there's lots to do in there!

if it's devotional, pastoral, or instructional articles you're interested in, the writings area is a list of many of the articles i've written for various publications over the years. if you wish to reprint any of them, please  contact me by email to obtain permission. 

the testimonials area will show you a few actual testimonies "in their own words" of real people like you who have submitted their praise comments about their experience with parson place. if you'd like to submit your praise testimony about your experience with parson place, just send your comments in an email to info@parsonplace.com, and i'll be happy to consider it for the parson place testimonials page.

the collections area takes you to a list of several of my personal collections of software, christian clip art, humor and inspirational stories, and quotable quotations. maybe one of these days i'll get around to organizing them into alphabetical categories. 


the developer's area displays a page of links to three articles from the parson on the topics of how to create web pages, how to write batch files, as well as internet security articles, windows tips, and links to other developers' sites. the keyboard and mouse tips alone are worth your time for looking at this page!


do you like to shop? you'll find great bargains on christian books and gifts and lots of other items in the parson place shop. it's an ever-growing store of books, gifts, computer hardware and software, and much, much more. visit it now to see what's there!

the about area takes you to a bio and credo page where perhaps you will learn more than you ever wanted to know about me. read this one just to satisfy your curiousity about who i am and what i stand for. 

the policies page explains how i will use any personally identifiable data you may provide through any of the online forms displayed on the parson place web site. basically, i promise not to share it with any third party vendors, etc. 			   

the sitemap area displays the link structure to the key areas on parson place. try this if you want a good overview of the site. 

if you'd like to receive email updates and special offers from the parson of parson place, you can subscribe to the parson place email list. 



spread the word about parson place!


please refer as many of your family and friends as you can!  as my personal thank you for your referrals, please accept the free software download of quicksort 1.4 with my compliments. the download link is on the subsequent page after you submit your referrals.  

if you want to refer up to ten friends at once,  use this form.  however, you must send at least one referral with the bravenet form below in order to access the quicksort download page. 











tell a friend!

type in your name:

type in your e-mail:

type in friend's e-mail:

your comments:

receive copy: 





the subscription-service.com form has been removed from the parson place site.








 home


 minstry
 writings

 testimonials
 collections

 tech tips

 shop at parson place
 about
 policies
 sitemap











 
























