








home psychologist gerontologist 
dr. john herr los gatos saratoga 
psychotherapist










on   
sabbatical 




    












welcome to my private    
practice website/infomercial
come on in.  if you                        
are a former client, i hope                        
you will say hello by e-mail.  i may be on sabbatical but i will continue to maintain this     
website and answer emails and my home telephone (although, depending on my travel, it may be     
weeks or months before i will get your message). if you would like a referral to     
another therapist, click here for the names of     
therapists that i have worked with for years. if you have questions about                        
psychotherapy,                        
try faqs            
(frequently asked questions). if you                        
are curious about trends in psychology                        
since you took psych 1, read carol tavris'           
alarming and accurate article on the erosion of critical thinking among          
psychotherapists.                         
if you are looking for specific                        
information on some aspect of                        
psychology, try psychlinks.          
if an interest in gerontology                        
brought you to this website, try geronews            
and gerolinks.                        
  if you are wondering if you                        
should use your managed health care plan                        
to cover psychotherapy, check out (managed            
insurance            
for the short version) or click on the            
shark  for a more thorough                        
analysis of what's happened in health                        
care. finally, the vaso-vagal            
online discussion forum  has been visited so often that i had to add a vaso-vagal       
forum archive for previous years' visitor contributions. 






if you are actively                        
looking for a therapist and that's what                        
brought you to this page, then let me                        
introduce myself: my name is john herr                        
and for the past twenty-nine years, i was a psychologist in private practice in the heart of the                        
silicon valley.  over that time, i                        
have been fortunate to have had the                        
opportunity to work with hundreds of                        
individuals, families and teen-agers.                         
following in the best tradition of                        
"those who can do, and those who                        
can't teach,"  i published in                        
the area of  family            
therapy and the psychology of aging,            
early in my career.  being an                        
international authority on something i                        
wasn't very good at wasn't as rewarding                        
as i had hoped; i ended up in therapy                        
myself.  it was that positive                        
experience which made me realize what                        
had been left out of my writing.                         
before i could set the professional                        
world straight about what i had learned,                        
working with my clients (and especially                        
the clients themselves) became much more                        
interesting for me.  in fact, it                        
started to feel like i was learning more                        
from my clients than they were from me.                         
about the same time, my clients began to                        
report our sessions were getting much                        
more useful.  i am happy to say                        
it's been that way for some time and i                        
hope it will remain that way when i return from sabbatical..   




telephone:

408-353-5440 home


e-mail:

jjherr@clinicalpsychologist.com


number of                        
visitors since november 11, 1997:  



 
[this                        
page was last edited on 06/22/07.]



[ home ] [ psychnews ] [ geronews ] [ insurance ] [ faqs ] [ abstract library ] [ office location ] [ psychlinks ] [ referrals ] [ gerolinks ] [ curriculum vitae ] [ v-v forum archives ]






on sabbatical!




when my office  
        lease expired at the end of 2004, i decided to turn it into a  
        "sabbatical" from my private practice. many years ago, in my  
        grandfather's 89th year of life, he told me, "john, it is important  
        to smell the roses while you can still smell them." his life  
        gave living a very good reputation. it is also true that the  
        pursuit of that philosophy required my grandfather to to re-open his  
        assay office/ore market in wickenburg, arizona as a 75-year-old because  
        he had run a little short of retirement money. thus, if blessed with his  
        luck and health, i'll be back.. --jjh





copyright 1998-2007  john j. herr, ph.d.             
                                              
please send comments to jjherr@clinicalpsychologist.com


