  kentucky genealogy — kentucky genealogy        skip to content




menu christian countyclay countymeade countytodd countycontact us!kentucky genealogykentucky genealogy contains information and records for kentucky ancestry, family history, and genealogy. specifically, it provides sources for birth records, death records, marriage records, census records, tax records, court records, and military records. it also provides some historical details about different times and people in kentucky history.kentucky county genealogythe state of kentucky is situated between 36 degrees 30 minutes, and 39 degrees 10 minutes, north latitude; and between 81 degrees 50 minutes, and 89 degrees 26 minutes, west longitude — and includes all that portion of territory which lies south and westward of a line, beginning on the ohio river, at the mouth of the great sandy river, and running up the same, and the main and north-easterly branch thereof, to the great laurel ridge or cumberland mountains; thence south-west along said mountains, to a line of north carolina. it is bounded north by illinois, indiana, and ohio; east by virginia; south by tennessee; and west by the mississippi river and state of missouri. it is three hundred miles in length from east to west, and one hundred and fifty miles in mean breadth; and contains 42,600 square miles, or about twenty-seven million acres.christian county kentucky genealogyclay county kentucky genealogymeade county kentucky genealogytodd county kentucky genealogykentucky genealogykentucky archives and librarieskentucky bible recordskentucky biographieskentucky cemeterieskentucky census recordskentucky court recordskentucky directories and school recordskentucky genealogy and historical societieskentucky land recordskentucky mailing listskentucky mapskentucky military recordskentucky newspaperskentucky obituarieskentucky vital recordskentucky willsnew kentucky genealogy
will of george m. allen, 1910
this is the will for george m. allen of the county of muhlenberg, written in 1910. the original was published in book g, page 499. this transcription came from the copy published in book 5, page 550.
will of william anderson, 1878
this is the will for william anderson of the county of muhlenberg, written in 1878.
will of samuel allison, 1826
this is the will for samuel allison of the county of muhlenberg, written in 1826.
will of william c. adkins, 1900
this is the will for william c. adkins of the county of muhlenberg, written in 1900.
robert c. moseley family cemetery
this is an alphabetical listing of individuals buried in the robert c. moseley family cemetery. they may, or may not, still have visible gravestones.
marvin l. allen jr. and mary alice wilkins
this article profiles marvin l. allen jr., born in rock haven, kentucky, on june 7, 1926, son of marvin l. allen sr. and agnes (board) allen. marvin jr., a world war ii u.s. marine corps veteran, worked for louisville gas and electric company for 40 years, retiring in 1986. he married mary alice wilkins on march 31, 1948, with whom he had four children: marvin wessley, alice sharon, stephen w., and clifford k. allen. marvin jr. also managed a farm, held a real estate license, and was actively involved in the rock haven community, contributing to developments such as country…
1
2
3
4
5
…
7
8
9
10
next »neighboring states illinois genealogy indiana genealogy missouri genealogy ohio genealogy tennessee genealogy virginia genealogy west virginia genealogyunited states genealogysearchsearchsubscribe to kentucky genealogyenter your email address to subscribe to kentucky genealogy and receive notifications of new posts by email.

type your email…							








 
subscribe							
join 340 other subscriberskentucky genealogykentucky archives and librarieskentucky bible recordskentucky biographieskentucky cemeterieskentucky census recordskentucky court recordskentucky directories and school recordskentucky genealogy and historical societieskentucky land recordskentucky mailing listskentucky mapskentucky military recordskentucky newspaperskentucky obituarieskentucky vital recordskentucky willskentucky genealogy by countyadair countyallen countybarron countybath countybourbon countybracken countybreckenridge countychristian countyclark countyclay countyedmonson countyestill countyfayette countyfranklin countygreenup countyhart countyjessamine countymadison countymeade countymontgomery countymorgan countymuhlenbergowsley countystatewidetodd countywoodford countylatest kentucky genealogywill of george m. allen, 1910will of william anderson, 1878will of samuel allison, 1826will of william c. adkins, 1900robert c. moseley family cemetery
© 2001-2025 kentucky genealogy. all rights reserved.              




