






 



new hope baptist church - glorify, grow, give, and go




































































































skip to content



calendar contact us membership online giving top menufacebook page opens in new window
search:
search









new hope baptist church



aboutwhat we believe staff  new to new hope worship 


nhbc online ministrieskidmin youth ministry young adults ministry adult discipleship senior adult ministry (keenagers) community missions deacon’s ministry weekday preschool  missions 




 
home aboutwhat we believe staff  new to new hope worshippast sermons  nhbc online ministrieschildren’s ministry youth ministry young adults ministry adult discipleship senior adult ministry (keenagers) community missions deacon’s ministry  missions 











current worship schedule
sundays
in-person worship in the sanctuary and live-streaming at 10:30 am on our facebook page each sunday.  adult, children & youth classes begin at 9 am.
kids & youth connect
breakfast will be served for kids and teens from 9:00 am until 9:15 am each sunday morning in their respective classes. kids connect will be meeting in room a105 and student connect will meet in room c202. childcare will meet in b100. we look forward to connecting with you!
wednesdays
6:00 pm youth meet in the youth lounge and adults in the fellowship hall. 


new hope news







next steps
what is your next step? a first conversation about faith? returning to faith after being away? ready to follow jesus as lord? baptism? ready to join this local church? we all have a next step. what is yours?


let's get started







glorify










grow










give










go





glorify
god
“i give thanks to you, o lord my god, with my whole heart, and i will glorify your name forever.”
— psalms 86:12






grow
in christ
“but grow in the grace and knowledge of our lord and savior jesus christ. to him be the glory both now and to the day of eternity. amen.”
— 2 peter 3:18





give
your life away
“then jesus told his disciples, if any man would come after me, let him deny himself and take up his cross and follow me. for whoever would save his life will lose it, and whoever loses his life for my sake will find it.”
— matthew 16:24-25





go
with the hope of jesus
“go therefore and make disciples of all nations, baptizing them in the name of the father and of the son and of the holy spirit, teaching them to observe all that i have commanded you; and lo, i am with you always, to the close of the age.”
— matthew 28:19-20


 








thanks for visiting the new hope website.  we look forward to welcoming you on sunday in worship, in sunday morning groups, and in sharing in all that jesus is doing in the life of the church.  please contact us with any additional questions you have.  grace and peace to you!





worship times  |  sundays
10:30 am    worship


watch on facebook liveview calendarget directionsguest information


welcome to new hope baptist church!
new hope baptist church is a family seeking to follow the way of jesus with and for each other and for our neighborhood, our community, our city, and our world.  we are focused around four purposes:
glorify, grow, give, and go.


online givingmailing listneed prayer?online gatheringsonline giving


many of the ministries of our church are still going on and your tithes and offerings are critical during this time! here are a few ways you can give during this time:
 

give online  https://newhoperaleigh.org/online-giving/
download abundant app
text “newhoperaleigh” to 73256
mail your check to new hope baptist church, 4301 louisburg rd., raleigh, nc 27604

 
if you are unable to get online and need assistance turning in your offering, please call nicole, our finance director, at 919-622-9754 or email finance@newhoperaleigh.org.
 
watch this quick video about how easy it is to give online. click here


mailing list


sign up to get all of the most up-to-date information from new hope in your inbox!













need prayer?


if you have prayer needs, feel free to contact the church office at 919-876-5250. you can also contact pastor paul at paul@newhoperaleigh.org.


online gatherings


adults
sunday mornings are streamed via facebook live. click here to watch live.























					© 2019 new hope baptist church   |   4301 louisburg road, raleigh nc 27604   |   (919) 876-5250
                

website design by webpress.








go to top



 




x

 












































































