




  










nebraska's natural resources districts | protecting lives | protecting property | protecting the future












skip to main content


















 menu
 


 
















search form

search 





 





follow us


facebook
twitter
linkedin
pinterest
youtube
login
 


 


 
 








 





main navigation



about
nrds
programs
news
events
recreation
tree program




 


 
 

 
 
 










    read moreplanting trees can be good for the soul and the pocketbook. click on this video to see what we mean. read morelower platte south nrd was a big part of removing antelope creek in lincoln, nebraska off the impaired waters list to better the creek's water quality. all 23 of our nrds across the state also provide flood damage reduction for their areas if needed. click the picture for more. read morein a two minute read, find out the basics of what the natural resources districts (nrds) do by clicking this picture. read morethe nrd conservation tree program sells tree seedlings to landowners and can help design and even plant trees on your land. every nrd offers different options. check out our trees and shrubs by clicking on the picture. read moreclick here to watch a short video about nebraska's natural resources districts and what they do. read moreplease consider donating to the nard foundation. click on this picture to watch a video on what educational youth natural resources programs the foundation helps support and why it's vital to nebraska's future to continue. call the nebraska association of resources districts at 402-471-7670 to donate.  




 


 








use our interactive map tofind the nrd in your area.


- choose -  
          central platte nrd ( grand island )    
          lewis & clark nrd ( hartington )    
          little blue nrd ( davenport )    
          lower big blue nrd ( beatrice )    
          lower elkhorn nrd ( norfolk )    
          lower loup nrd ( ord )    
          lower niobrara nrd ( butte )    
          lower platte north nrd ( wahoo )    
          lower platte south nrd ( lincoln )    
          lower republican nrd ( alma )    
          middle niobrara nrd ( valentine )    
          middle republican nrd ( curtis )    
          nemaha nrd ( tecumseh )    
          north platte nrd ( scottsbluff )    
          papio-missouri river nrd ( omaha )    
          south platte nrd ( sidney )    
          tri-basin nrd ( holdrege )    
          twin platte nrd ( north platte )    
          upper big blue nrd ( york )    
          upper elkhorn nrd ( o'neill )    
          upper loup nrd ( thedford )    
          upper niobrara white nrd ( chadron )    
          upper republican nrd ( imperial )  



 
or choose your nrd directly. 


 


 






our mission










mission




to assist nrds in a coordinated effort to accomplish collectively what may not be accomplished individually to conserve, sustain, and improve our natural resources and environment.
 







 
 


 


 


 



welcome to nrdnet





















nebraska natural resources districts news 


















local working group meetings planned in lower elkhorn nrd 



02/12/2025 



local meetings open to individuals interested in setting natural resources goals for nebraska. stanton, nebraska - a local working group that provides advice on the priorities for many u.s. department of agriculture conservation programs will meet feb. 27, 2025, from 5-7 p.m. at the lower elkhorn...read more 











local working group meetings planned at lower platte south nrd 



02/12/2025 



local meetings open to individuals interested in setting natural resources goals for nebraska. lincoln, nebraska - a local working group that provides advice on the priorities for many u.s. department of agriculture conservation programs will meet at 9:00am on thursday, march 6, 2025, at the lower...read more 











lower elkhorn nrd january 2025 update 



02/10/2025 



logan east rural water system adopts memorandums of understanding to receive, supply clean and safe water norfolk, nebraska - the logan east rural water system (lerws), established in 1991, is the largest rural water system in the state. lerws works to provide a clean, safe, and reliable source of...read more 






 
 

 



 



 







 

















current events 

















nrds washington dc meeting  



03/29/2025 to 04/02/2025 



make plans now to attend the nrds annual washington dc meeting, march 29 – april 2, 2025

 

embassy... 









2025 nrd water programs conference  



03/03/2025 to 03/04/2025 



join us for the annual nrd water programs conference! 

the 2025 conference at the holiday... 









nrds 2025 legislative conference 



01/28/2025 to 01/29/2025 



register now for the nard 2025 legisaltive conference. 

join us january 28-29, 2025 at the embassy... 





 

view all events 
 

 



 


 


 
 
 






recent videos






 
  
 lower loup nrd tree program 
   
  
 antelope creek removed from impaired waters list news conference 
   
  
 lower platte north natural resources district 
   
  
 lower platte south natural resources district 
   
  
 lower loup natural resources district 
   
  
 central platte natural resources district 
   
  
 middle republican natural resources district 
   
  
 surprise father's day letters are given to nrd dads 
   
  
 new recreation area welcomes visitors 
   
  
 nebraska natural resources districts oral history project 
 


previous
next




view all videos 
 


 


 
 
 













nebraska association of resources districts
8100 s. 15 st., suite b
lincoln, ne 68512
phone: 402.471.7670
fax: 402.471.7677
email: nard [at] nrdnet.org
 





about



mission
member benefits
staff
directors
nard foundation
reports







nrds



about nrds
find your nrd
employment
links







programs









 education  



 flood control  



 grazing lands  



 recreation  



 soil  



 trees & wildlife  



 urban conservation  



 water  


 








resources



events
news
contact




 


 
 
 
 



 
 
 
 










    © nebraska association of resources districts | website designed & developed by unanimous



 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 















