















my canadian pharmacy - quality ed solutions from canada



































how to order
delivery
news
about

15 years of achievements
our benefits
development and marketing plan
our models of excellence
customer privacy


faq
contacts

























viagra generic starting from $0.30 more info

cialis tadalafil starting from $0.97 more info

levitra vardenafil starting from $0.97 more info

kamagra sildenafil starting from $1.42 more info

priligy dapoxetine starting from $0.70 more info

zithromax azithromycin starting from $0.47 more info







1
search for the drug
find the drugs you need with our search tool


2
choose the pack size
pick the desired number of pills


3
pay safely
checkout safely. wait for prescription approval


4
receive your pills
promptly and anonymously receive your order



contact supportget help





my canadian pharmacy – the crossroads of great offer and low price
my canadian pharmacy (mcp), an acclaimed international online drugstore with almost 20 years of history, specializes in selling medicines and health products from the leading manufacturers at reasonable and attractive prices. irrespective, if you are located in the usa, canada, or any other place around the globe, that should certainly be your supplier of health pharma products of choice, if you value quality, reliability, comfort, fund-saving, as well as premium-level services. absolute privacy, discounted price ranges and genuine-quality products – those are key pathways to success of our company, mostly when it comes to various clients around the entire world.
do not hesitate to study in details the huge catalog of pharmaceutical products offered by us. basically, at our online store you can find both branded and generic medications available across more than 20 categories, coming in various strengths and doses and curing diversified health conditions. this online pharmacy is clearly appropriate for the entire family, and significantly simplifies the buying process and saves a substantial amount of money thanks to numerous special offers and profitable delivery options. the major focus is at men’s health pharma as well as well-products for couples and treatment of asthma, diabetes, cholesterol-associated conditions, heart conditions and many more. moreover, at our online shop you can effortlessly find both, well-known and rare medications with help of a rich stock of goods. furthermore, all your purchases will be securely delivered to mentioned location in a fast and effective way.
with the purpose of providing the best and unique variety of services alongside with the most efficient meds in the industry, out company also provides a complete database of with detailed info about all medications sold at our online store. in case if necessary, each customer is free to request for a private assistance via informational and professional customer support included in our service list. our online platform cannot be deemed as full substitution of a private face-to-face consultation with a medicine professional, but our priorities remain in line with delivery of the most suitable temporary solutions to help each customer in producing a well-informed decision with regards to his health.
canadian pharmacy makeover: stepping into the future of online drugstore
we understand that the pharmaceutical market is continuously evolving, and we do our best to follow up with these changes. that’s why we have taken a decision to start an online drugstore business on top of our offline branded pharmacies. in our opinion, this it is the most effective strategy at current state.
by what means do we succeed in both offline and online businesses?

we have synced all active warehouses to efficiently and effortlessly control any instant items availability.
we have fully automated our online platform, which saves us ample time.
thanks to our online platform, we continuously receive up-to-date info related to current trends in today’s market and the freshest news from health industry.
in addition, we also fully utilize of the contemporary technologies necessary for optimization of our company’s operations and free our staff from certain obligations and duties.
our website includes specific communication functions, which guarantee high-quality customer support at all times.

our team includes experienced it professionals, who warrant the faultless and continuous functioning of our website as well as mobile application, and upgrade them on a regular basis with innovative functions and features.
biggest choice of ed generics from canada
canadian pharmacy is focused on making generic viagra ($0.32), generic cialis ($0.99), and other medications for men’s sexual health available and affordable to everyone. after long years of waiting, today, every patient can easily afford to buy ed drugs he needs, which significantly contributes to the effectiveness of treatment. at our online drugstore, in contrast to offline outlets with much more expensive prices, the assortment and the size of discounts are not limited. so, our clients can enjoy a full-quality sex life without any limitations.
ever wondered how we manage to maintain the price range verified and within 90% lower range when compared to local pharmacies? we maintain well-recognized business relations with reliable pharmaceutical companies that are not actual developers and yet produce generic drugs of a good quality. this fact aids in ensuring the lowest prices alongside with the verified quality.
at our online pharmacy you can get erection pills in various forms, which provides a chance of adapting your prescribed therapy to your personal requirements. to highpoint your benefits, you can further try alternating quick onset viagra capsules with traditional film-coated meds, or identify the most suitable dosage even for cases of serious ed. similar variety of forms and dosages is applicable to other medications like cialis or levitra. only at our online drugstore, you will be able to believe that ed can be easily managed with efficient and safe approach.
what makes our brand unique?
today, internet offers tens of thousands of various pharmacies, which generally do not vary meaningfully among each other due to the fact that they sell analogous goods and offer similar services at same prices. however, our international canada pharmacy provides a rich collection of incomparable advantages over the competitors, such as:

our company has a long 20-years history.
our drugstore was among the first ones to penetrate the e-commerce market – our website was launched 15 years ago.
we maintain a customer-centric approach, which ensures that our clients’ interests are always prioritized.
thanks to our rich experience and reliable partnerships with major manufacturers, we are able to offer the lowest prices that are reasonable and acceptable by majority of customers.
we do not cooperate with any other marketing businesses, hence we do not need to promote any products or brands to maintain our business. likewise, you can be certain that our specialists always remain objective and unbiased.
mycanadianpharmacy does not involve in any types of monopolistic schemes, hence we do not need to purposely maintain our prices high.
all the goods offered at our pharmacy satisfy meet the contemporary standards of canadian quality.
we offer online consultations by experienced doctors to all customers free of charge. this service is 24/7.
our online pharmacy website is comfortable and customer-oriented. nevertheless, our it team constantly works to further improve it.
to get more evidence that our pharmacy is really trustworthy, just check out the reviews from our customers.
we never stop in development and improvement of our company to offer the best services to our clients.

our mission of growth and improvement
thanks to a long-lasting experience, our company has managed to methodically study and understand the basic needs, likings, and preferences of our potential clients from the usa, canada, as well as other countries around the globe, so that we can effortlessly offer them the exact solutions they require, while maintaining prices at acceptable ranges.
as of today, our catalogue at my canadian pharmacy contains the following:

non-prescription/prescription drugs;
dietary supplements of biologically active group;
additives for clients that exhibit specific dietary needs (e.g., clients with diabetes);
beauty products;
hygiene products;
wide range of products for kids and their mothers.

in addition, we provide a comfortable and effective services, such as:

attractive discounts for selected items;
extensive prescription info;
real-time reminders regarding changes;
real-time updates about stock availability.

our key business objective is to offer our customers from all over the globe with high-quality medications and other goods for beauty and health at the most attractive and reasonable prices together with a wide variety of associated services.
exclusive offers and features

quick, secure, and inexpensive services of delivery. customers are free to pick between standard airmail shipment and courier services. moreover, if a client requires specific meds without any postponement, we can provide an option of delivery overnight.
anonymous online consultations by professional healthcare providers available 24/7. you are free to get in touch with our professionals anytime and receive reliable answers to any questions of yours with regards to our products, as well as any other health-related issues you have. our physicians will surely assist you with comprehensive answers and valuable advices.
simple-in-use mobile application that can be easily installed to your device, and provide you the most beneficial special offers and other promotions.
advantageous discounts offered on a daily, weekly, monthly and seasonal basis to all our customers.

reasons for choosing us as your online drug supplier

our pharmacy can offer a wide range of diversified advantages. first of all, we represent an experienced business with over 20 years of experience. in addition, we have succeeded to maintain our reputation pure within such an extended period. a quick internet research will be enough, for you to become certain of that. moreover, you are welcome to check out feedbacks posted at our website by our clients. our database of customers contains thousands of clients from various countries worldwide, and the dominating majority of them have completely positive reviews. in addition, it is import to point out that we uninterruptedly enhance our services and introduce new valuable goods as well as features to all our customers.
here are the main reasons why clients from all over the globe prefer our pharmacy:

a wide selection of products for diversified health needs.
attractive and flexible prices.
customer-oriented approach.
reasonable business relations.
experienced and welcoming staff.
an efficient and fully-operational website.
attractive discounts and special bonuses for loyal customers.

wide catalog of products
you can get in touch with us with any health-related issues – our huge catalogue contains premium-quality solutions for common as well as rare diseases and health conditions, and they come at low and reasonable price ranges. of course, all of our goods stock is always available, so the delivery will be within a short period of time. my canadian pharmacy is the service provider that will aid you in saving your precious time, efforts, as well as money – our specialists will do their best to help you as fast as possible and to offer the premium shopping experience.
our pharmacy has already reached leading positions at the global market, however that doesn’t stop us in our development and progress. we continuously work every day to maintain those achievements and further improve them.

we improve and expand our assortment on a constant basis. likewise, if you require a product that is not available in our catalogue, we will do our very best to include it.
our it professionals continuously develop our website and add new attractive and effective features.
we continuously optimize our business processes in order to help our clients in a quicker manner.
we do our best to improve our shipment services to make them more secure, faster, more comfortable, as well as affordable.
our healthcare specialists attend professional courses on a regular basis in order to enhance their professional skills and further improve knowledge, so that they can provide a competent consultation to all our clients.

it is also worth pointing out that we put a special emphasis on product related to men’s health as well as female sexual health. in our catalogue there are various medications for treatment of premature ejaculation, erectile dysfunction, as well as other analogous health conditions. furthermore, we offer free samples of abovementioned medications for every order.
5 key advantages of our company:

discounts up to 10% available on daily basis and applicable to all products.
special offers available on weekly and monthly basis.
seasonal promotions and impressive discounts for goods with the highest demand within special seasons. likewise, we reduce prices for medications treating various allergies during spring and summer seasons.
special offers for big-volume orders. in such cases, you are eligible for free shipping services and other attractive bonuses.
beneficial offers for regular clients. we appreciate the loyalty of our regular clients and offer additional discounts alongside with exclusive deals.

in case if you want to be among first ones to learn about the forthcoming promotions and sales, go ahead and install our mobile app or complete a subscription to our newsletters to be able to constantly receive updates via email.
original and generic prescription drugs at my canadian pharmacy

based on current statistical data, in around 70% of situations, both healthcare specialists and their patients prefer to use generic medications due to significantly reduced price. our online pharmacy offers both generic and branded meds, however the question still remains: “why do you need to pay more?”.
first of all, let’s familiarize ourselves with the term “generics”. those are replicas of branded meds that are produced by external manufacturers once the patents of original products are expired. actually, any pharmaceutical company around the globe can develop a generic product once the branded medication is no longer under patent protection.
original and generic meds are produced with the application of identical formula and hence contain similar active ingredients as well as result in alike health effects. those meds are easily substitutable, hence each patient is free to change to a generic form at any time without any worries about possible negative effects on treatment results. those replicas exhibit similar levels of safety as original medications: the list of possible side effects and drug interactions are generally similar as well.
nevertheless, each patient is required to understand that there still may be some slight variations between original meds and generic substitutes:

generics are offered under alternative names. each patient is required to search the specific medication based on the name of active ingredients and prescribed dosage.
such replicas generally look unalike and may have different colours as well as shapes.
replicas may include unalike auxiliary components. a manufacturer can add a different flavouring or colorant additive, however that does not affect the effectiveness or product safety anyhow. nevertheless, abovementioned additives still can result in some allergic reactions.

for a client, the key difference between branded medication and its generic replica – is still their associated prices. likewise, what makes generics become so cheap? the reason is due to reduced expenses. first of all, a manufacturer is not required to have a major investment of money and time in development of a specific formula, since he utilizes the existing from original developer. in addition, a company producing generics, does not require to have additional investments in patenting as well as advertisement. moreover, such producers generally target developing countries to construct their factories due to much lower prices and salaries around there.
purchase of generics is the simplest way to decrease expenses associated with medications. the key point is to ensure that the established quality standards are met. nevertheless, if you order generics from our website, you don’t really need to be concerned regarding that, since we guarantee that you receive the high-quality products.
breaking down the low price formation

initially, you may consider our prices are irrationally reduced. certain clients may even start having some doubts regarding their safety, if they are to purchase from our online drugstore. don’t worry, we can provide a simple explanation to those attractive discounts.
first of all, we have been doing business in this sector for many years now, hence we have already established a number of beneficial partnerships with leading producers and can obtain favourable terms for our customers. in addition, since we directly deal with manufacturers, we save a substantial amount of money that usually go to intermediaries. finally, we have managed to do necessary optimizations to majority of business processes, including shipment, which has also reduced our expenditures.
you are welcome to do your own research and most probably you will find a lot of websites providing alike products at prices that are much lower than ours. however, don’t forget that when it comes to internet, there may be a huge number of websites trying to attract their clients with help of outrageously low prices, while sell counterfeit products. the major risk in these situations is that those products may include reduced doses of key active components or, even worse, produced from poor-quality raw materials. moreover, some of those products may turn out to be produced of chalk or include no key active components at all. if you want to avoid falling into such a dangerous situation, it is best that you stay away from offers that seem too good to be true.
we can confidently affirm that we provide the most favourable quality-to-price ratio i.e., the prices are not subject to any further reduction without possible negative effect to the quality. our customers’ trust is our main value, and we will never risk it. we take very seriously any quality-related issues and select manufacturers with care.
e-drugstore in your mobile app – smarter and faster shopping

my canadian pharmacy is the business that does its best to stay connected to contemporary world. nowadays, majority of people use internet with help of their mobile devices and smartphones. this fact has inspired us to develop an application for our branded store. our mcp app is available free of charge and compatible with mobile devices of all today’s brands. upon completion of installation, you will be able to place your order of medications anytime and anywhere, as long as you have internet access. in addition, with help of our app you can subscribe to our newsletters, which will keep you updated about current and future promotions. browse through the catalogue of our store and discover how much you can save on your drug expenses.

user discretion is required in reading the contents of this website. we remind you that although we make references to such regulatory bodies as us mexico border health commission, us department of health and human services, we are not related to them, and any such mentioning is made with informational purposes. you can find their official websites at hhs.gov. we strive to provide our users with accurate data, but we reserve the right to have errors or incomplete information.


october 5, 2020long-term benefits caused by extended administration of viagraproblem overview because sildenafil citrate is a treatment, not a cure, for erectile dysfunction (ed), many men may choose to use it for an extended…
 september 3, 2019can u.s. doctors and drugstores send or/and transfer prescriptions to canada?drugs against diabetes, like insulin, is not something that one can delay taking; patients’ lives depend on it. it is disastrous the way out-of-control. alarmingly,…
 march 4, 201920 essential answers to read before you decide to take cialis (tadalafil)cialis (tadalafil) is one of the most widely prescribed and used medication for men diagnosed with erectile dysfunction. one of the biggest reasons why it…
 february 20, 2019deals on pharmacy bestsellers: smart guide to cheap drugsthe companies who originally discovered the drug have all the tools in protecting their invention with prices that are fixed at unaffordably high range, leaving…
 january 29, 2019top 10 medications 2019: video reviews by border health expertsyou can gain a wealth of knowledge by reading what other have to say about their experience of buying viagra, cialis, levitra and other popular…
 february 14, 2019rx solutions: all you need to know about ordering drugs onlineyou need to get a refill, but you’re still second-guessing e-shopping? we will dispel all of your doubts by destroying all the online drugstore myths!…
 february 25, 2019prescription medications in canadian pharmacy: all you need to knowdo we require prescription for generics? does our pharmacy require prescription for medications we sell? drugs that can be solely distributed with a prescription, and…
 january 15, 2020how do canadian pharmacies integrate e-prescribing services?the countdown has begun for this measure, which is part of the digital component of 2025 health plan. first step was experimentation, from 2017, of…
 november 30, 2018the best vitamins, food supplements & remedies for your penisstable erectile function requires a lot of nutritive elements that support erectile mechanism. today a lot of vitamins and food supplements are introduced at the…
 may 12, 2020how to save money on prescriptions by using canadian pharmacies?using examples, we illustrate how you can reduce the portion you pay for the cost of a medication. remember that drug plan reimburses 80% of…
  



privacy policyrefund policycustomer care policyterms of usequality standardsprescription drugssubmit prescription








disclaimer: one of the tasks performed by my canadian pharmacy is ensuring that the users are well-informed about health conditions and existing pharmaceutical therapies, their cost, pharmaceutical companies producing them, as well as external links to other pages containing information or sales offers for specific drug products. such materials are referential in their nature and are intended to help users to form an opinion about medications they are interested in. the names of brands and companies are mentioned in order to honor the copyright held by their respective owners. we stress that discretion is expected from users of myborderpharmacy.com. despite the fact that our content is created by specialists in their field and are carefully checked before being published, they are not intended as a substitute for in-person consultation with a doctor. consultation with a healthcare specialist, pharmacy technician and using manufacturer’s insert to medications is necessary at all times. our guidelines are not to be used as direct instructions, and user failure to seek medical consultation and follow doctor’s advice is their sole liability.
copyright @ 1998-2025. my canadian pharmacy - safe generic drugs online 





