





belley - leader in just-in-time delivery of cardboard boxes





















































































1 833-423-5539
clients
suppliers
français


















toggle navigation 





services 

structural conception
creative design
custom-made for you
warehouse ready-to-go
shipping included : just enough, just in time


industries 

alimentary
automobile
business services
clothing manufacturing
industrial products
office supply
pharmaceutical


about us
get a quote
blog
contact us
careers











    the ultimate cashflow optimization for your company  








complete solution

our services











structural conception

innovative conception for innovative products











creative design

we will beautifully print your ideas on the boxes











custom-made for you

limitless structural outline options for your ideas











warehouse ready-to-go

we store your boxes for when you need them











shipping included

we devote ourselves to your deliveries, daily









belley: the complete solutionwe provide cashflow for your company!

get the best price for your box! we are among the largest buyers of cardboard in the north east.

          get an online quote        








recent posts






think beyond the box: sustainability in every crease with belley inc.
april 1, 2024
belley inc. is not just about delivering customized packaging solutions; it’s about championing sustainability every step of the way. our mission extends beyond providing boxes; we’re here to help you reduce your carbon footprint and make environmentally conscious choices in your procurement process. crafted from locally sourced biodegradable and recyclable cardboard, our tailor-made boxes are read more







beyond the box: corrugated cardboard’s extraordinary impact on current events
october 1, 2023
in a world that’s constantly evolving, it’s remarkable how something as seemingly ordinary as corrugated cardboard can have an extraordinary impact on current events. this unassuming material, often overlooked, is quietly revolutionizing the way we think about sustainability, innovation, and the future. let’s take a closer look at corrugated cardboard’s unique role in shaping our read more







belley in the digital era
july 16, 2023
the world in which we live today is dominated by technology. our daily tasks are achieved with the help of our reliable electronic devices. in other words, these magnificent tools make our lives easier. as users, we have access to real-time information that is crucial to making countless decisions. from guiding us to new locations, read more









contact us
1 833-423-5539
contact us


our warehouses near you
quebec (sherbrooke, montreal, quebec)
arizona (casa grande)
oregon (portland)
vermont (fairfax)
british columbia (vancouver, kelowna, prince rupert)
ontario (kitchener)


get a quote!
interested in our products and services?
online quote




back to top





© copyright 2025 belley. all rights reserved.


















manage my cookies






welcome! we use cookies (cookies) on our site, in particular to offer you an optimal browsing experience and for marketing purposes. you can change cookie settings at any time.





functional



functional

								always active							






the technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.





preferences


preferences







the technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.





statistics


statistics







the technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.
the technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your internet service provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.





marketing


marketing







the technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.





manage options
manage services
manage {vendor_count} vendors
read more about these purposes



accept
deny
view preferences
save preferences
view preferences


{title}
{title}
{title}



manage consent
 









































 








