































































    
    sustainable solutions | roaring fork valley, co
  
  















              call us:
(970) 925-9775  |    email our energy concierge team



     

how to get started


   

donate




    


 
    funding & resources


   energy concierge



  grants & rebates


   residential rebates



  commercial & multifamily funding



  funding criteria





  community priority participants



  energy assessments



  contractors





  building iq


   what is building iq



  benchmarking with core



  diy benchmarking



  building performance standards





  partnership hub


   coal basin methane project



  regional multifamily energy retrofit collaborative



  partners





  emissions inventory



  about


   about



  30 years of impact



  events



  donate



  blogroom



  faqs














    
 





        your commitment to climate action starts with core

core makes climate action accessible by providing funding, resources, and expert guidance to pitkin, eagle, and garfeld county home and building owners.
     

how to get started


   

make a donation





      






     









      



free energy concierge
get expert advice on how to find energy & money savings for property improvement projects.

     








grants & rebates
apply for funding to alleviate the financial burden that comes with home & building improvement projects.

    



leave a legacy
whether you donate or start a project, your actions leave a legacy for generations to come.



    empowering you to make a difference where you live, work & play

for more than 30 years, core has helped pitkin, eagle, and garfield county communities take action on climate change.
﻿we bridge the gap between aspiration and action, providing energy-efficient property improvement solutions for all. this includes connecting homeowners and building owners with specialized contractors and funding options, and offering comprehensive building and retrofit guidance.
  

about core


   





   

  climate change threatens
our environment & our future

climate change is driven by greenhouse gases that cause severe weather, prolonged droughts, glacial melt, and rising sea levels.
in pitkin county, buildings alone contribute over 56% of greenhouse gas emissions.that's why at core, our focus is on the built environment. reducing carbon emissions from this sector is crucial for impactful climate action, and we all must work together if we're going to make a positive impact on the future of our community.
  

about our impact




    our approach - our impact

by taking bold action today, we can ensure a better tomorrow
at core, our impact extends beyond just the environment. our work makes the whole community healthier and more resilient. we improve air and water quality, leading to better public health. we help lower energy costs, benefitting everyone, especially those in affordable housing. additionally, our focus on sustainability reduces climate risks and lessens the burden on emergency responders. ultimately, core creates a ripple effect of positive change throughout our community.
     

how to get started


   

make a donation







    featured news & resources

    

  core offers enhanced funding & services to make climate action accessible across three counties
  

learn more




  

  lessons in layering: tightening your building envelope
  

learn more






  

  join our team! core is hiring a project manager
  

learn more








        







  case study

leslie kaplan completes her 100% electric dream home in basalt
leslie kaplan’s dream of building a fully electric home in basalt has finally come to fruition, marking a significant milestone in her journey toward sustainable living. she chose to construct a duplex in stott’s mill for her family and as a long-term investment.
  

read more about leslie's impact




    celebrating 30 years of impact




      



removed over
34,000 metric tons of carbon through 6,000 energy efficiency projects.

    




connected community members and businesses with over
$10 million in grants and rebates.

    





eliminated massive amounts of methane leaching from an abandoned coal mine.﻿








       join the core community

sign up for the core communitynewsletter and get the latest from core on grants, events, and energy-saving tips for your home or business!

  core email sign up (footer)
    first name:

 last name:

 email:







thank you for signing up for core emails!
oops, there was an error signing you up.please try again later or contact tabatha@aspencore.org.




    

    

 

 

 





  about core

core is a 501(c)(3) nonproft dedicated to leading the roaring fork valley to a carbon-free, net zero energy future.

  contact us

1-970-925-9775129 emma rd, unit b, basalt, co 81621po box 2449 | basalt, co 81621office hours: monday - friday, 9 a.m. - 6 p.m.



    








  























































































  
  share by:






 








