










cancer wellness center | improving the lives of people living with cancer
























































































donate nownew to the centerdonate nowview events calendarhome
about

locations
staff list
board of directors
employment opportunities


participants and families

new to the center
education
support services: counseling & groups
wellness programs

cwc labyrinth and healing garden


nutrition
children and families
peer-to-peer support
cwc – en español


get involved

volunteer
fundraising events

barbara demovsky pritikin memorial library luncheon
better together benefit
create your own event
cwc golf outing
day of fun
stepping up to wellness run/walk


become a social media ambassador


ways to donate

donate now
tributes and memorials
monthly giving program
legacy giving
donor-advised fund
stock
corporate giving
fundraising events


calendar
blog
contact us
en español
search




menu


menu

 







cancer wellness centerimproving the emotional and physical well-being of people affected by cancer


find your way forward.


cancer wellness center is here to help anyone touched by cancer find a way forward. each year, our free counseling services, support groups, and health and nutrition programs serve over 1,800 community members of all ages and backgrounds. people with cancer, family members, friends, and caregivers all come to us to connect and cope.
with guidance from a caring team of professionals and comfort from a participant community who gets it, our holistic services offer a space to make sense of the diagnosis that changed your life — and navigate whatever comes next.


lectures & workshopsa wide range of educational and experiential opportunities

wellnessevidence-based classes and individual wellness services

counselingindividual support to address the emotional impact of cancer

groupsopportunities to share, learn and gain support from others with similar experiences



center news & updates



join us at the beautiful independence grove in libertyville for our 2025 stepping up to wellness run/walk! we are excited to gather together to enjoy family, friends and fun, while raising valuable funds to support the important work of the cancer wellness center.



join the cancer wellness center’s monthly giving program to help keep program and services available to our participants and their families.
check out our 2023 impact report!


2023 impact report


see what our participants have to say about cancer wellness center





jerry m.https://youtu.be/rf5ypcavqpuclick to hear jerry’s story
kathleen p.https://youtu.be/xlw2n-7j5zmclick to hear kathleen’s story
lauren h.https://youtu.be/fu_hscfnkkoclick to hear lauren’s story



our mission…


the cancer wellness center exists to help anyone touched by cancer ﬁnd a way forward. through guidance, comfort, and community, we equip people with cancer and their loved ones to cope with the diagnosis that has changed their lives.

   

about us through supportive care and education, the cancer wellness center seeks to improve the emotional and physical well-being of people affected by cancer. all of our programs are offered free of charge. 



latest newsthe cancer-heart health connectionjanuary 31, 2025 - 12:48 pm2025 cancer-fighting foods: nutritional guidejanuary 6, 2025 - 12:44 pm‘tis the season: staying joyful and nourishedjanuary 6, 2025 - 12:24 pmview our recent facebook posts

cancer wellness centersign up for our newsletteremail *first name *last name *select list(s) to subscribe towebsite subscribers example: yes, i would like to receive emails from cancer wellness center. (you can unsubscribe anytime)constant contact use. please leave this field blank.by submitting this form, you are consenting to receive marketing emails from: . you can revoke your consent to receive emails at any time by using the safeunsubscribe® link, found at the bottom of every email. emails are serviced by constant contact





 © copyright 2024 cancer wellness center. powered by ice nine online.   privacy policy | form 990
facebooklinkedinyoutubeinstagramhome
about
participants and families
get involved
ways to donate
calendar
blog
contact us
en español







scroll to top







0







0

your cart




your cart is empty



continue shopping









 








































