


music










 




































a 'pure source' since the late 1990's




welcome to jim's 'tuneful' outpost on the
      web.  having grown up in a musical family (mother-sister), i have
      been exposed to many musical
      genres, however, my true taste lies somewhere
      between folk, rock, surf, the blues, and counterculture `60s.  in fact,
      much of my favorite music is from the decade of the 1960's and early 70's.  the following
      are the tip of the iceberg when it comes to favorite performers, but they rank
      at the top.  i have seen many of these artists live, and even met
      (yes you will see a slew of autographs and custom pictures here) a few. 
      beyond the music, i like what many of these artists represented in their
      day, insofar as an attitude, a certain sound, or just plain
      coolness.  also, many of these artists continue to perform, which
      given the toughness of their business speaks volumes about just how
      special they truly are.  anyway, enjoy!  











the ventures



     

news 
flash!



tour photos and videos are now available! 
 




dick dale
        
    

the "king" of the surf guitar
check out performance photos and much 
    more!!


leo kottke
simply one of the acoustic guitar greats of all time. 
      his early release, 6- and 12-string guitar, is still a
      "bible" for fledgling guitarists.



austin music


austin, is called the live music capital of the world. 
      check out blues great lou ann barton, jimmie vaughan, electromagnets, storyville, and
      many more . . .


the 5th dimension
this is the dawning of the age of
      aquarius.




los
      straitjackets
damas y cabelleros prepare to experience one of the
      greatest surf-rock instrumental groups of the late 1990's and new
      millenium!




the moody blues
days of future passed--a symphonic life journey
      from morning's promise to evening's closure.


lil'
      ed & the blues imperials 

for searing slide guitar, and what
      can only be described as an interactive show, check out chicago blues
      great lil' ed.


eric burdon
eric burdon's group the animals was among  the
      hottest mid-1960's british invasion groups.  his unique voice, as
      well as persona continue to delight audiences.


maria muldaur
"send your camel to bed,"
maria suggested in
midnight at the oasis.
      




dickey betts
the ex allman brother's band lead guitar now heads up dickey betts and great southern.




spanky & our gang


a 60's group out of chicago, with hits like sunday
      will never be the same and lazy day.


don walser
don walser, a purveyor of "old-time" texas
      c&w-folk music, was simply one of the great yodeler's and nice guys of
      all time.  he's hung up his hat, but check him and his pure texas band out 
    anyway!


cindy


a tribute to my sister.




jimmie 
    vaughan
jimmie is part of a texas guitar dynasty.  see him on the road, along with austin's queen of the blues, lou ann barton.




johnny
      winter
one of the greatest blues and rock and roll
      guitarists of all time!




clarence 
"gatemouth"
      brown
gatemouth brown has left us to do his fiddling and guitar 
    for a new audience, but his memory lives on!


freddy fender
      & doug sahm
freddy fender and doug sahm have now both departed for 
    tunefan heaven, but these giants will long be remembered!


john mayall
a founding father of british blues. 




don mclean
mr. "american pie" !




leon russell
leon's life has always been "up on a tight
      wire"




edgar winter
hits include frankenstein and free ride.  see `99
      tour with rick derringer.




riders
      in the sky
as ranger doug always says: "it's the cowboy
      way"




ronnie dawson
ronnie dawson departed for rockabilly heaven in 2003, but 
    his spirit lives on!




robby
      krieger
best known as lead guitar for the iconic 1960's rock
      group the doors.   robby continues to delight audiences into
      the 21st century.  proof positive that huxley's "the doors of
      perception" is a reality!




it's a
      beautiful day
a staple of the 60's san francisco music scene. 
      best known for white bird.




pink floyd


the dark side of the moon--nuff said.




potpourri
ticket stubs, autographs, and 'rogue' stuff!




surf
surf and skateboard music
 











          
    

the mamas and the papas in london, england, in 1967. from left: denny 
    doherty, cass elliot, michelle and john phillips.
denny doherty, the voice of the mamas and the papas, a 
    seminal 1960's music group,
    
    has departed for tunefan heaven.monday, 
    monday will not be the same, but mr. doherty's contribution to our 
    musical enjoyment will live on.

    thanks denny!  











beginning in the 1950's, electric guitars became crucial
      to the whole amplified sound movement.  two mainstays of plugged in
      guitar are fender and
      gibson. 
      check out their sites for history and great pics of vintage tune players.







     










speaking of guitars, tunefan nick has a 
    tune player (acoustic guitar) he lovingly calls 'ms delta,' which is named after a derivative 
    of the name mississippi delta blues.
nick says that the 
    signatures obtained on ms delta as of february 11, 2007 are as follows:
1.) gary hoey; 2.) zakk wylde (ozzy, black label society); 3.) joe 
    perry (aerosmith);4.) derek trucks (allman brothers band, derek trucks 
    band); 5.) warren haynes (allman brothers band, gov't mule); 6.) b.b. king; 
    7.) yngwie malmsteen (rising force); 8.) vernon reid (living colour); 9.) bo 
    diddley; 10.) paul rodgers (free, bad company); 11.) robert cray; 12.) les 
    paul (on headstock); 13.) john petrucci (dream theater); 14.) eric johnson; 
    15.) joe satriani; 16.) steve howe (yes); 17.) johnny winter; 18.) dick dale 
    (the del-tones); 19.) david "honeyboy" edwards; 20.) robert lockwood, jr.; 
    21.) ronnie earl; 22.) steve vai; 23.) chuck berry; 24.) jorma kaukonen 
    (jefferson airplane, hot tuna); 25.) kenny wayne shepherd; 26.) dickey betts 
    (allman brothers band, great southern); 27.) jonny lang; 28.) elvin bishop ( 
    butterfield blues band); 29.) jeff beck (the yardbirds, beck, bogart, & 
    appice); 30.) mark knopfler (dire straits); 31.) doyle bramhall ii; 32.) al 
    di meola (guitar trio, chick corea); 33.) joan jett (the runaways, 
    blackhearts); 34.) lindsey buckingham (fleetwood mac); 35.) ramblin' jack 
    elliott; 36.) pat martino; 37.) robert randolph (the family band); 38.) duke 
    robillard (roomful of blues, the fabulous thunderbirds); 39.) eliot fisk; 
    40.) paco de lucia (guitar trio)   
additional ms delta photos may be 
    seen here. 
many thanks to nick for taking time to obtain signatures of 'the great 
    ones,' and share it with tunefans the world over! 







 










questions or comments?  please 
    e-mail
      me








            
	.




