     ford car dealer in leesburg, fl | serving eustis & clermont                             

                                           key scales ford inc        sales 352-306-4598    service 352-787-3511  parts 352-787-0653      1719 north citrus blvdleesburg, fl 34748                      service        map        contact                       key scales ford inc            call 352-306-4598   directions                  home   new   search inventory   ev inventory   work trucks   custom order a ford   model showroom   advantages of buying a new vehicle   sell us your car   schedule test drive   save time, expedite your vehicle purchase!   certified pre-owned overview     used   search inventory   benefits of buying used   trade appraisal   schedule test drive   check for recalls     specials   specials   shelby's specials    pre-owned specials    service & parts specials   college graduate program   ford military discount     electric vehicles   electric vehicles   ev inventory   electric vehicle lifestyle   fuel-efficient ford vehicles   ford hybrid & electric vehicles     service & parts   service & parts   schedule service   resistall® limited-time holiday offer   ford pickup & delivery   mobile service   our white glove treatment   lifetime powertrain warranty   order parts   tires   fordpass   ford accessories     finance   key scales ford financing & auto loans   get pre-approved   lease your new ford with us   payment calculator   vehicle protection   section 179 tax benefits   ¿habla español?     research   research   ford super duty® series   electric vehicle lifestyle   ford suv lineup   ford truck lineup   ford sync® set up: all you need to know     about   about   why buy from us?   come meet shelby!   review center    our dealership   support the brett boyer foundation   hours & directions   contact us   careers     blog   ¿habla español?                   home   new   search inventory   ev inventory   work trucks   custom order a ford   model showroom   advantages of buying a new vehicle   sell us your car   schedule test drive   save time, expedite your vehicle purchase!   certified pre-owned overview     used   search inventory   benefits of buying used   trade appraisal   schedule test drive   check for recalls     specials   specials   shelby's specials    pre-owned specials    service & parts specials   college graduate program   ford military discount     electric vehicles   electric vehicles   ev inventory   electric vehicle lifestyle   fuel-efficient ford vehicles   ford hybrid & electric vehicles     service & parts   service & parts   schedule service   resistall® limited-time holiday offer   ford pickup & delivery   mobile service   our white glove treatment   lifetime powertrain warranty   order parts   tires   fordpass   ford accessories     finance   key scales ford financing & auto loans   get pre-approved   lease your new ford with us   payment calculator   vehicle protection   section 179 tax benefits   ¿habla español?     research   research   ford super duty® series   electric vehicle lifestyle   ford suv lineup   ford truck lineup   ford sync® set up: all you need to know     about   about   why buy from us?   come meet shelby!   review center    our dealership   support the brett boyer foundation   hours & directions   contact us   careers     blog   ¿habla español?             

      disclaimer          disclaimer          disclaimer          disclaimer          disclaimer          disclaimer                            disclaimer          disclaimer          disclaimer                                                             





   inventory search  vehicles available   filter your search   basic search advanced search search by stock   basic advanced by stock      new used certified    any year  any make  any model search     new used certified    any year  any make  any model  any body style  any price search     new used      search       



      search new inventory     search used inventory        





easy financing 









search used 









reliable service 











reliable service 









easy financing 









trade appraisal 




     



a vehicle for every lifestyle
 see our full lineup of vehicles and find the one that best fits you.





f-150





f-150 lightning





super duty





maverick





ranger





mach-e





escape





edge





explorer





expedition





bronco





bronco sport





mustang





e-transit





transit





transit connect




explore all new inventory



     
      

       
welcome to key scales ford, proudly servicing leesburg, orlando, st. petersburg, tampa, and all surrounding areas!


a new ford model is a perfect addition to your lifestyle, and going to the pros for one is always an excellent decision. key scales ford offers a superior customer experience and a wide assortment of new and used ford models to go along with exceptional maintenance from our factory-certified technicians. your premier ford dealer in leesburg, fl, began its story in 1972 with a foundation built on family values. our mission is to foster strong bonds with customers through our friendly and transparent buying and service processes. building these long-term relationships through honesty, integrity, and a no-pressure mentality is our top priority. we have an extensive new ford lineup and a diverse used and ford certified pre-owned inventory that can fulfill anyone’s dream. the finance professionals at your go-to ford dealer in leesburg, fl, will assist with assembling a finance or lease plan for your budget. our state-of-the-art service center follows manufacturers’ specifications to ensure excellent maintenance for the long-lasting health of your car. stop by key scales ford to pick out your next ford model or to receive a service checkup.


learn more



shop ford models today!

ford is a world-class brand that continues its legacy of invocation with cars, trucks, crossovers, and suvs that deliver incredible performance and capabilities, along with providing cutting-edge entertainment and safety technology. your top-notch ford dealer in leesburg, fl, has versatile suvs, such as the ford bronco and the ford explorer, that feature outstanding traction systems and ample room for cargo. our truck lineup is highlighted by the iconic ford f-150, the rugged ford ranger, and the heavy-duty ford super duty® series. these trucks embody the built ford tough® spirit with mighty hauling and towing capacities. the potent ford mustang continues to bring thrills with its high-performance engine and suspension and unmistakable design. your first-class ford dealer in leesburg, fl, also offers dependable used and ford certified pre-owned models for great deals. be sure to ask the sales professionals about the key scales lifetime powertrain warranty.

shop new




choose a purchase plan


there are many choices at key scales ford, and two of them are when you have to choose between financing or leasing your next ford. both offer excellent advantages depending on your driving habits. the finance professionals at your friendly ford dealer in leesburg, fl, can go over the details about each option. you also can apply for financing on our website and find out your current vehicle's value by using our online kelley blue book® trade-in tool.

get pre-approved



superior service department


extend the longevity of your vehicle by bringing it to the experts for regular checkups. the factory-trained technicians at your premier ford dealer in leesburg, fl, perform oil changes, brake repair, tire rotations, inspections, engine diagnostics, and many more tasks. this routine maintenance will optimize the performance, efficiency, and reliability of your vehicle. we only use genuine oem parts to ensure a precise fit and compatibility. we can work on nearly every brand, so bring in your car no matter what you drive. schedule a service visit by completing our online form.

service center




shop at key scales ford!


receive the very best at your go-to ford dealer in leesburg, fl, which provides a relaxed environment and our signature “white glove treatment” where we will deliver your purchase and pick up your vehicle at home or work for service. visit key scales ford to browse our extensive new ford inventory or schedule a service checkup with the experts.

contact us

     


    sales hours          monday 8:30am - 7:00pm    tuesday 8:30am - 7:00pm    wednesday 8:30am - 7:00pm    thursday 8:30am - 7:00pm    friday 8:30am - 7:00pm    saturday 8:30am - 6:00pm    sunday closed         service hours          monday 7:30am - 5:00pm    tuesday 7:30am - 5:00pm    wednesday 7:30am - 5:00pm    thursday 7:30am - 5:00pm    friday 7:30am - 5:00pm    saturday 8:00am - 1:00pm    sunday closed         parts hours          monday 7:30am - 5:00pm    tuesday 7:30am - 5:00pm    wednesday 7:30am - 5:00pm    thursday 7:30am - 5:00pm    friday 7:30am - 5:00pm    saturday 7:30am - 1:00pm    sunday closed        

            resource unavailable (label_specials_horizontal_scroller_title) resource unavailable (label_specials_horizontal_scroller_link_text)              more info  ×       close         although every reasonable effort has been made to ensure the accuracy of the information contained on this site, absolute accuracy cannot be guaranteed. this site, and all information and materials appearing on it, are presented to the user "as is" without warranty of any kind, either express or implied. all vehicles are subject to prior sale. price does not include applicable tax, title, and license charges. ‡vehicles shown at different locations are not currently in our inventory (not in stock) but can be made available to you at our location within a reasonable date from the time of your request, not to exceed one week.             copyright © 2025 by dealeron | sitemap | forddirect privacy | privacy | additional disclosures key scales ford inc | 1719 north citrus blvd, leesburg, fl 34748 | sales: 352-306-4598 |          enjoy the exceptional customer experience at our dealership that features excellent new and used ford models, first-class maintenance and a friendly staff.      




















               