


	北大法律英文网


















































home


user management

site map

chinese


































                                    free services
                                






                                                 
                                            

chinese legal system




                                                 
                                            

legal news 




                                                 
                                            

articles













                                    subscriber services
                                






                                                 
                                            

laws & regulations
                                                






                                                    law titles index




                                                 
                                            

judicial cases
                                                






                                                    selected case summaries





                                                 
                                            

international treaties




                                                 
                                            

white papers 




                                                 
                                            

wto & china 




                                                 
                                            

law yearbook of
                                                    china 




                                                 
                                            

law journals






    full
                                                    text






    title
                                                    index




                                                 
                                            

gazettes (title
                                                    index) 













                                    databases in chinese
                                






                                                 
                                            

laws & regulations
                                                




                                                 
                                            

judicial cases
                                                




                                                 
                                            

law journals
                                                




                                                 
                                            

legal practice
                                                




                                                 
                                            

special reference













                                    products and services
                                






                                                 
                                            

about us 




                                                 
                                            

our services
                                                






    english
                                                    databases 






    chinese
                                                    databases 




                                                 
                                            

subscription options and
                                                    pricing




                                                 
                                            

subscription guide
                                                




                                                 
                                            

payment guide 




                                                 
                                            

copyright and licensing




                                                 
                                            

customer service
                                                













                                    contact us
                                






                                                +86 (10) 8268-9699
                                                +86 (10) 8266-8266 (ext. 153)         
                                            




                                                fax: +86 (10) 8266-8268
                                            




                                                    database@chinalawinfo.com













                                    lawinfochina weekly
                                







                                                free weekly newsletter with legal news updates and links to the  recently translated
                                                laws and regulations.
                                            












subscribe





















                        china legal research
                    






                                     
                                

a complete research
                                        guide to the laws of the prc 




                                     
                                

finding chinese law
                                        on the internet 




                                     
                                

judicial information
                                        of the people's republic of china: a survey 




                                     
                                

update to beyond the
                                        border: the chinese legal information system in cyberspace 




                                     
                                

chinalawinfo and
                                        digital legal information (ppt)













                        links
                    



 xinhua news agency china radio international invest in china china daily











                             
                        







legal news 
                                                        more>> 




 china upholds strict stance on crime with swift prosecutions, severe punishmentsxinhua  2025-02-13 china to promote high-quality development of refined oil circulationenglish.www.gov.cn  2025-02-13 china tightens public security camera management for privacy protectionxinhua  2025-02-13 china unveils measures to boost consumer spending, foreign investmentxinhua  2025-02-13 spc strengthens ties with hong kong and macaoenglish.court.gov.cn  2025-02-13 1,866 individuals prosecuted for crimes related to wage arrears in china in 2024xinhua  2025-02-10 chinese courts see significant progress in case backlog reduction in 2024xinhua  2025-02-10 spc promotes fengqiao experience to prevent and resolve financial disputesenglish.court.gov.cn  2025-01-23















                                                    search  
                                                


















  search mode：



title  
                                                                                        
full text


search

  [advanced search]











exact search

fuzzy search

  
                                                                                    
















                                                                                legal news


laws & regulations


judicial cases


law journals




                                                                             international treaties


white papers


gazettes


legal glossary





















laws & regulations more>> 




 notice by the national financial regulatory administration of issuing the measures for the supervisory rating of financial leasing companies (2025-01-23)国家金融监督管理总局关于印发金融租赁公司监管评级办法的通知(2025修订)  expand interpretation of the supreme people's court and the supreme people's procuratorate on several issues concerning the application of law in the handling of criminal cases involving assault on police officers (2025-01-15)最高人民法院、最高人民检察院关于办理袭警刑事案件适用法律若干问题的解释  expand four model cases involving marriage and family disputes published by the supreme people's court (2025-01-15)最高人民法院发布4起涉婚姻家庭纠纷典型案例  expand interpretation (ii) of the supreme people's court on the application of the “marriage and family” book of the civil code of the people's republic of china (2025-01-15)最高人民法院关于适用《中华人民共和国民法典》婚姻家庭编的解释(二)  expand notice by the general offices of the ministry of commerce and other seven ministries and commissions of further effectively completing the work concerning trade-in of vehicles (2025-01-14)商务部等8部门办公厅关于做好2025年汽车以旧换新工作的通知  expand notice by the general offices of four departments including the ministry of commerce of effectively conducting the work concerning trade-ins of home appliances in 2025 (2025-01-13)商务部等4部门办公厅关于做好2025年家电以旧换新工作的通知  expand














judicial cases more>> 




 case no. 4 of four model cases involving marriage and family disputes published by the supreme people's court: cui [redacted] v. ye [redacted] and gao [redacted] ― case no. 4: where a spouse gifts community property to a third party in violation of the duty of marital fidelity during a marriage, and the other spouse requests the third party to return the entire gifted property, the people's court shall support such a request (case of dispute over a gift contract) 最高人民法院发布4起涉婚姻家庭纠纷典型案例之四：崔某某与叶某某及高某某赠与合同纠纷案――夫妻一方在婚姻关系存续期间违反忠实义务将夫妻共同财产赠与第三人的行为无效，另一方请求第三人全部返还的，人民法院应予支持 case no. 3 of four model cases involving marriage and family disputes published by the supreme people's court: case of yan [redacted]'s application for an injunction against infringement of personality rights ― where one parent or any of their close relatives forcibly seizes or conceals a minor child, and the other parent applies to the people's court for an injunction against infringement of personality rights, the people's court shall support the application 最高人民法院发布4起涉婚姻家庭纠纷典型案例之三：颜某某申请人格权侵害禁令案――父母一方或者其近亲属等抢夺、藏匿未成年子女，另一方向人民法院申请人格权侵害禁令的，人民法院应予支持  expand no. 6 of six model cases of legally punishing micro-corruption published by the supreme people's court: case of corruption by he [redacted]ping ― legally punishing crimes of corruption in the field of land acquisition, demolition, and relocation 最高人民法院发布6件依法惩治“蝇贪蚁腐”典型案例之六：何某平贪污案――依法惩处征地拆迁领域贪污犯罪  expand case no. 2 of four model cases involving marriage and family disputes published by the supreme people's court: fan [redacted] v. xu [redacted] ― where, during the marriage, one spouse's parents transfer ownership of their house and register it in the names of both spouses, the people's court may rule, upon divorce and the division of community property, that the house should belong to the child of the contributing party. after considering factors such as the duration of the marriage and the circumstances of their joint life, the court may also order the contributing party's child to provide reasonable compensation to the other spouse (case a divorce dispute) 最高人民法院发布4起涉婚姻家庭纠纷典型案例之二：范某某与许某某离婚纠纷案――婚姻关系存续期间，一方父母将其房产转移登记至夫妻双方名下，离婚分割夫妻共同财产时，人民法院可以判决房屋归出资方子女所有，并综合考虑婚姻关系存续时间、共同生活情况等因素合理补偿对方  expand no. 5 of six model cases of legally punishing micro-corruption published by the supreme people's court: case of corruption, bribe-taking, and fraud by wu [redacted]peng ― legally punishing crimes of corruption and bribery in the field of taxation 最高人民法院发布6件依法惩治“蝇贪蚁腐”典型案例之五：吴某鹏贪污、受贿、诈骗案――依法惩处税收领域贪贿犯罪  expand case no. 1 of four model cases involving marriage and family disputes published by the supreme people's court: cui [redacted] v. chen [redacted] ― where one spouse adds the other spouse's name to their premarital house after marriage, the people's court may rule, upon divorce and the division of community property, that the house should belong to the spouse who made the addition. after considering factors such as the circumstances of their joint life, the court may also order the spouse who made the addition to provide reasonable compensation to the other spouse (case of a divorce dispute) 最高人民法院发布4起涉婚姻家庭纠纷典型案例之一：崔某某与陈某某离婚纠纷案――一方在结婚后将其婚前房产为另一方“加名”，离婚分割夫妻共同财产时，人民法院可以判决房屋归给予方所有，并综合考虑共同生活情况等因素合理补偿对方  expand













area of law




civil law, contract, patent, finance, foreign exchange, securities, insurance, enterprises, companies, foreign-funded   enterprises, real estate, foreign economy and trade, customs, special zones, development zones, mediation and arbitration, criminal law, civil litigation, economic   litigation, maritime litigation, administrative   litigation, criminal litigation, judicial   assistance















law articles more>> 













                             
                        




                                         
                                    






            user id:  
        






            password:  
        







remember user id





remember password





automatic login







login







forgot
                your password?




            new user?
        






  







             
        













chinese legal system




 
i. the trial system 


 
ii. prosecution system 


 
iii. system governing investigations 


 
iv. jail system 


 
v. arbitration system 


 
vi. lawyer system 


 
vii. mediation system 


 
viii. public notary system 


 
ix. system for judicial administration


 
x. state compensation system 


 
xi. legal assistance 











            government institution






                         


                            national people's congress 




                         


                            standing committee of the national people's congress 




                         


                            national oversight commission




                         


                            supreme people's court



                         


                            supreme people's procuratorate 




                         


                            state council



                         


                            general office of the state council 




                         


                            ministry of justice



                         


                            ministry of finance



                         


                            ministry of natural resources



                         


                            ministry of commerce




                         


                            national health commission



                         


                            state development & reform commission



                         


                            state-owned asset supervision & administration commission of the state council



                         


                            china banking and insurance regulatory commission



                         


                            china securities regulatory commission



                         


                            state taxation administration



                         


                            state administration for market regulation



                         


                            state intellectual property office



                         


                            general administration of customs



                         


                            general administration of press and publication



                         


                            people's bank of china



                         


                            state administration of foreign exchange



                         

                         



                         

more>>



























prestigious subscribers













 网站管理体系符合
                            
                            gb/t19001-2008/iso 9001:2008标准





  北京市著名商标，
                            法律行业信息化最佳产品奖







follow us


facebook



twitter



linkedin



youtube









home 
                            | products
                                and services | faq | disclaimer |
chinese
                        ©2025
                        chinalawinfo co., ltd.    database@chinalawinfo.com  tel:
                        +86 (10) 8268-9699  京icp证010230-20   京公网安备11010802015677
                    















