








investment faq - premier investing & finance education guides













































skip to content






 investing glossary
financial statement analysis
investing guides

investing books
5 minute investing course
beginner investors
intermediate investors
expert investors


 







investment faq


become a better investor!
learn and understand investing and finance better with our comprehensive list of investing, finance, and accounting tutorials.
our goal is to help you grow your investment knowledge and start a career in the finance/investing industry.

investing & finance glossary
learn investment tips with more than 3,000 investing terms and articles.
investing glossary
investment training courses
read braden glett’s book about momentum investing here: five minute investing course.

recent investing faq guides
 
 
read more 
 
read more 
 
read more 
 
read more 
 
read more 
 
read more

start your investment and finance career
the finance, investment, and accounting industries are an exciting place to start your career. with the financial sector and accounting industry expected to double over the next 10 years, there will continue to be numerous high paying career opportunities available.
wether you are still in college, just starting your career, or need a change in of pace, a career in finance is sure not to disappoint. here are some of the most popular financial and accounting careers.
certified public accountant
certified public accountants are among some of the most respected professional in the accounting and finance industry. long gone are the days of the boring accounting career of preparing taxes. today cpas run major fortune 500 companies, advise large non-profits, and audit the world’s leading corporations.
all certified public accountants must pass the cpa exam with cpa study materials to become certified and practice public accounting. this is your first major step to starting a career as a cpa. check out accounting guides for more information about becoming a cpa and starting a career in public accounting.
chartered financial accountant
a chartered financial accountant is a finance professional with years of experience analyzing corporate finances. they often work as investment managers and chief financial officers of larger corporations. their experience and knowledge of financial ratios, metrics, and business analytics make them great advisors as well.
a career as a cfa offers many exciting possibilities from working in investment banking on wall street to managing larger company financial operations. the first step to starting a career as a cfa after college is to take the cfa exam. see some of our corporate finance articles for more information about career opportunities as a cfa.
investment banker
becoming an investment banker is also a great career that gives you plenty of flexibility and opportunity. depending on the which type of banking you’d like to focus on, you will need to take a single or several series exams to become a qualified investment banker. check out investment career opportunities resources for more details about investment banking career paths.

about invest-faq
invest-faq was first developed in 1992 by a group of investors (both institutional and enthusiast) in order to create a complete investment faq for experienced and novice investors to learn about the markets.
since it’s inception, invest-faq has helped millions learn about investing, understand the markets, and become better investors.








invest faqhome
about
contact
categoriescategories
select category
accounting  (1)
banking  (1)
bonds  (13)
certificate of deposit  (2)
checking  (1)
cpa exam  (1)
debt ratios  (3)
derivatives  (17)
discounted cash flow  (1)
education savings plans  (2)
financial modeling  (3)
financial planning  (6)
financial regulation  (11)
financial statement analysis  (26)
glossary  (283)
info sources  (3)
insurance  (8)
investing  (3)
investing software  (2)
investing strategy  (9)
investing tax effects  (15)
investing tips & advice  (10)
investment analysis  (15)
investor trivia  (5)
investor warning signs  (5)
liquidity ratios  (2)
money management  (1)
mutual funds  (11)
real estate  (7)
retirement plans  (10)
shareholder’s equity  (1)
stock exchanges  (8)
stocks  (28)
student loans  (2)
technical analysis  (13)
trading  (30)
turnover ratios  (1)
valuation  (4)





invest-faq - copyright © 2024 - all rights reserved - terms - affiliate disclosure - disclaimer - privacy  invest-faq.com is a participant in the amazon services llc associates program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com







