






fennel*twist – cooking, pdx, travel, and sometimes cats

































skip to content



 




fennel*twist
cooking, pdx, travel, and sometimes cats

  scroll down to content








posts





posted on august 26, 2019august 27, 2020an eastern oregon travel adventure: the painted hills, john day, and joseph 


 


		it feels as if eastern oregon is having a moment lately. the gold room is set to open next month in joseph, courtesy of two former ava gene's chefs, there's plenty of artisan pottery and vinyl lps at m. crow in the tiny town of lostine, and the muted reds of the painted hills continue … continue reading "an eastern oregon travel adventure: the painted hills, john day, and joseph" 



posted on august 12, 2019july 14, 2020baking with olive oil: olive oil chocolate chip cookies 


 


		yes, you can make an excellent chocolate chip cookie with olive oil instead of butter or shortening! i've tried to substitute olive oil in a cookie recipe before, but i've never been that pleased with the results. this olive oil chocolate chip cookie changes that--it's chewy inside with crisp edges and the expected cookie-texture interior. … continue reading "baking with olive oil: olive oil chocolate chip cookies" 



posted on february 21, 2019july 14, 2020easy parsnip gnocchi with tarragon-parsley pesto 


 


		is is easy to make gnocchi? well, it absolutely can be easy, as well as rewarding and delicious. there's nothing especially tricky to it, but there are a few steps, and if it goes wrong, it can go really wrong, leaving you with a pot of boiling water and mostly dissolved gnocchi pieces just floating … continue reading "easy parsnip gnocchi with tarragon-parsley pesto" 



posted on october 1, 2018july 14, 2020easy pumpkin chocolate chip muffins for fall 


 


		let's celebrate the season with the satisfying autumnal combination of pumpkin, spices, and chocolate--specifically dark chocolate. these delightful muffins have all three, in addition to toasted pecans and plenty of dark brown sugar. i use an equal mix of all purpose and spelt flours, but you can also substitute the spelt flour with whole wheat … continue reading "easy pumpkin chocolate chip muffins for fall" 



posted on july 1, 2018august 27, 2020exploring washington’s lopez island and ursa minor 


 


		last month, we traveled to lopez island, washington which involves a ferry ride from anacortes and a sense of adventure. or at least a willingness to wait in a line of cars, drive onto a washington state ferry, and then enjoy the breezes off the salish sea as the ferry makes fairly good speed on … continue reading "exploring washington’s lopez island and ursa minor" 


posts navigation
page 1
page 2
…
page 212
next page  







search for:


  search

about previously je mange la ville. portland, oregon food blog with recipes, restaurants, travel, and food photos.
follow me on instagram for a lot of food and travel photos.


contact  media, editorial, and about me


categories

baking

cats

cookbooks

drinks

portland

downtown portland

ne portland

nw portland

pearl district

se portland



recipes

beef

chicken

dessert

fish

pasta & risotto

salad

soup

vegetables



restaurants

seasonal cooking

autumn

holiday

spring

summer

winter



travel

british columbia

california

montana

new mexico

oregon

road trips

washington



uncategorized


tags
avocados
bacon
brussels sprouts
butternut squash
casseroles
chard
cheese
chocolate
coconut
cookies
curry
eastern oregon
endive
favorite restaurants
ffwd
fruit
giveaway
gone but not forgotten
harissa
indian
italian
lopez island
mexican
muffins
mushrooms
nonprofits
nuts
peanut butter
pears
portland dining month
potatoes
pumpkin
quinoa
rhubarb
roasting
root vegetables
rosemary
salmon
spices
strawberries
thanksgiving
udon noodles
vegetarian
whole grains
wine







copyright © 2020 – all rights reserved powered by wordpress and potatoes.



		proudly powered by wordpress	




















































































































































































