






ho-ho-kus school district


































ho-ho-kus public school
established 1936






{"text":"","delay":"35"}















established 1936


ho-ho-kus public school
established 1936







»home+our district»about us»board of education»district, board and school goals»district notices»employment opportunities»harassment, intimidation and bullying information»principal's message»strategic planning+departments»athletics»business office»curriculum»facilities»health office»special services+parents»attendance policy»bear broadcast»community links»frequently asked questions»lunch information»genesis parent portal»important links»my school bucks»parent resources»school hours and closing information»school registration»supply lists»state of nj parent link+students»chromebook learning initiative»clubs and activities»code of conduct: elementary students»code of conduct:  middle school handbook»destiny discover library»dress code»google workspace for education»smartpass»summer reading assignments+staff»aesop»genesis»google workspace for education»linkit»njsla»njsla - training»smartpass»t-eval+contact us»contact us»directions»staff directory










skip to content
skip to menu















quick links

anonymous reporting
bearbroadcast
districtcalendar
duffieldhall
quickconnect
registration
schoolhours









a place of character and excellence

the ho-ho-kus public school is committed to providing an exceptional educational experience in an inclusive environment in which our diversity is celebrated and strengthened by one another. we encourage and empower our students to be responsible and respectful local and global citizens who persevere in the face of daily challenges.








news & announcements




 news and announcements 







                             sunshine notice for board of education meeting
                    

                        please see the attached documents regarding sunshine notices for the upcoming board of education meetings.
                    






                             sunshine notice for board of education meeting
                    

                        please see the attached documents regarding sunshine notices for the upcoming board of education meetings.
                    






                             sunshine notice - board of education meeting date changed
                    

                        please note that the board of education meeting originally scheduled for tuesday, 11/19, has been moved to thursday, 11/21.
                    






                             superintendent search input survey
                    

                        please find below the link for the survey for input for the hhk school district superintendent search.
                    






                             duffield hall opens
                    

                        duffield hall opens
                    






                             class of 2024 given an out of this world dance
                    

                        congratulations to the class of 2024!  you will be missed and will always be known for the tracks you've left with us.
                    





show all


<
>





show all news





upcoming events







feb
18





								school closed - winter recess
								






feb
19





								school closed - winter recess
								






mar
14





								minimum day for students
								






apr
14





								school closed - spring break
								






apr
15





								school closed - spring break
								







show calendar













we will be knownby the tracks we leave









important links





plan for safe return



24-25 budget presentation



24-25 user friendly budget 



new jersey state testing report



pre-school application



annual performance report 


 
show all









hib information
harassment, intimidation, and bullying information
as per the anti-bullying bill of rights act (abr) (p.l.2010, c.122), the ho-ho-kus public school has posted its anti-bullying bill of rights act grades to the school district's hib webpage. please contact mr. padilla, anti-bullying coordinator, if you have any questions.



					if you want to report an allegation of hib, please complete this form and email it to mrs. walsh and mr. padilla. if you prefer to submit the form anonymously, you may print it and place it in an envelope without your name on it and drop it off in the main office, addressed to mrs. walsh.
				


anti-bullying coordinator
mr. mike padilla
mpadilla@hohokus.org
201-652-4555 ext. 271


anti-bullying specialist
ms. jannette dipasquale
jdipasquale@hohokus.org
201-652-4555 ext. 434


ho-ho-kus school district hib grade report. 20-21 policy 5512 harassment intimidation bullying guidance for schools on implementing the anti-bullying bill of rights act guidance for parents on the anti-bullying bill of rights act hib grade report explanatory letter
            


ho-ho-kus school district hib grade report 22-23
policy 5512 - harassment intimidation bullying
guidance for schools on implementing the anti-bullying bill of rights act
guidance for parents on the anti-bullying bill of rights act
hib grade report explanatory letter




























                        70 lloyd rd.
                        ho-ho-kus, nj 07423
                    



                        p: (201) 652-4555
                        











web accessibility statement

















