






paul hartunian's free publicity and press release resource center








   home page free advice backpaul's blogweekly publicity strategiespublicity articlesfree publicity tipsmore free publicity resourcesjust plain funpublicity productsbackpublicity kitmanuals and strategy reportsget your press release to #1 on google newspress release headline softwareprivate consultation25th anniversary signed, limited edition brooklyn bridge certificatespeaker productsteleseminarsbackreplays of past teleseminarstestimonials contactbackabout paulcontact info












home page


 free advice 

paul's blog
weekly publicity strategies
publicity articles
free publicity tips
more free publicity resources
just plain fun



publicity products

publicity kit
manuals and strategy reports
get your press release to #1 on google news
press release headline software
private consultation
25th anniversary signed, limited edition brooklyn bridge certificate



speaker products


teleseminars

replays of past teleseminars




testimonials


 contact

about paul
contact info









paul hartunian's
million dollar 
publicity strategies
free weekly
strategy reports
with powerful profit-
producing publicity tips
in each issue























"if
you aren't using publicity - and using it the right
way, both online and offline - you're
missing out on the cheapest, most powerful way to market your business"


right
here you'll find everything you'll ever need to get and use
free
publicity for your business, professional practice,
service, cause or
issue.




traditional
marketing methods, like postcard mailings, yellow pages ads
and so forth, are all necessary ways to market your business.
 
but there
are tens of thousands of people waiting to help you promote and market
your business...all for free.
 
they're
called reporters - and they're online and offline.
 
if you
don't know how to get and use publicity the right way, you're passing
up this enormous army of marketers.
 
this site
has all the tools, information and advice you'll need to get publicity
for any
business, product, service, trade or professional practice.

 


here's how to get the 



greatest benefits from this site


 
do this
first: take
advantage of the free advice i have for you by signing up for my free
weekly publicity strategies.  go to the top right corner of
this page where you'll see the sign up box.  

do
this second: read
my publicity blog.  you'll get up-to-the-minute strategies,
tips
and advice based on what is currently happening in the news.
 i'll
show you how to hook your story on what is happening in the news.
 click on the
blue box in the upper right corner that says: "paul's publicity blog".

do
this third: read
about the publicity products i have that can not only help you get
publicity the right way and profit from it, but they can also save you
an enormous amount of time and help you avoid the mistakes that a huge
percentage of people fall into.  click the red links at the top of
this page to see what you can take advantage of.

do
this fourth: if
you have questions, click
here to send an email to my office.  or click
here for my office phone number.
 


reporters
are very willing to make you as famous and wealthy as you'd
like to be, if you just give them what they want...a good story.
 and you have dozens of good stories.
 
check out
all the resources right here and you'll see that's true.

 


contact me
 

| terms
of use | privacy policy
| purchase
agreement |


©
copyright paul hartunian, llc, box 271, hope, nj 07844 - (908)362-7130 - all rights reserved.






 









