



custom bicycle frames from gunnar cycles usa





































































































 




home
legacy product info

bikes

road / endurance / track

roadie disc
sport disc
roadie
sport
street dog
track star


gravel / cross

hyper-x series
crosshairs


touring / adventure / commute

grand tour
grand disc
rock tour
rocktour ii adventure
fastlane


off-road

rock hound
ruffian


custom options

travel bikes
custom order form


forks
pricing


styling

current colors
archived colors
custom styling options


order

store locations
ordering
custom order form
jerseys
touchup paint
small parts
gunnar goodies


restorations


fit tool

fit tool
bike fit
connecting the dots


support

faqs
register your gunnar
gunnar history
warranty
owner’s manual
pricing


more info

about
factory
news
contact




gunnar cycles usa
your fine ferrous friend







decals and touchup paint
click here to visit our store.  we’ve added top mount reflective decals which provide additional visibility, but also a great option for powder coated frames.  we’re continuing to fill out the gunnar and waterford decal offerings.  there’s more to come in the next few weeks, so stay tuned.
gunnar factory shutdown june 30
after 25 years of building gunnar cycles, the waterford factory shut down july 18, 2023.  we are grateful for the support of our many fine dealers, and most of all our family of gunnar owners.  keep on ridin’!
thanks for everyone to joined us for our farewell factory ride on saturday, june 24 2023.  it was our biggest ride and everybody went home happy.
gunnar products
looking for gunnar swag?  click here to check out gunnar t-shirts, mugs and other goodies.
“your fine, ferrous friend”

exploring the growing number of ways to enjoy cycling.
american hand-frame-building with thoughtful design, solid construction and custom-quality workmanship.
putting smiles on the faces of our riders.

77468-rocktouriirock tour ii77182hyper-xcfadenew for 2020: gunnar sport disc in monetary greengunnar sport disc in monetary greengunnar roadie disc in iron ore metallicgunnar roadie disc in iron ore metallichyper-x  flat-mountflat mount optimizes disc brake through-axle rear dropout for road and gravel use.gunnar track star in starlight purplegunnar track star comes with full pista geometry, built of heat treated air hardening tubing with stainless steel track dropouts with exposed faces.  the track star comes in a wide range of stock sizes without custom geometry.  the smallest sizes (50cm and down) are designed for 650c wheels, allowing all sorts of competitors to have the ride they deserve.gunnar hyper-xx with rosewood metallic to dark blue saphire fade - front viewgunnar hyper-xx with rosewood metallic to dark blue saphire fade.  the hyper-xx offers incredible versatility as it works with both established as well as emerging technologies, like the 44mm head tube and modular dropouts.  no matter what you connect up to it, you'll get a great ride for gravel racing, commuting, or centuries.new! gunnar hyper-xx - road/gravel  disc in copper metallicgunnar hyper-xx in copper metallic - it can either through-axle or quick realease hubs.  the new double-bend chainstays add tire clearance.gunnar fastlane in candy red - front viewgunnar fastlane in candy red - chainstay detail.  the fastlane is ideal for commuting; gravel racing; medium touring and lots of other kinds of riding.  the chainstay disc mounts let you add a rear rack and provide excellent wet weather braking.  shown here in the optional candy redgunnar cycles grand disc in rosewood metallicgunnar cycles' grand disc fully the supports the loaded tourer with durable construction, double rear eyelets, three sets of water bottle bosses.  the comfort fit makes every mile a pleasure to ride.  shown here in rosewood metallic.gunnar sport in starlight purplefront view of gunnar sport in starlight purple.  the sport makes a most comfortable road bike with medium wheelbase, relatively upright fit and capacity for bigger tires.gunnar rock hound with 44mm head tube in baltimore bicycle work team paintgunnar rock hound now features a 44mm head tube, which lets you install both tapered and 1 1/8" forks.  ths biike is styled with baltimore bicycle work team paint.gunnar sport in blue flame with white builseye decalsgunnar sport in blue flame with white builseye decals.  the most versatile road bike around, the sport fits fenders and up to 28c tires (32c's and most 35c's will fit without fenders.  great design for centuries, randonneuring and general riding.gunnar roadie in spring greengunnar roadie in spring green with black bullseye decals.  the roadie is road race ready with the fit, feel and handing for both criteriums and stage racing.gunnar crosshairs in shamrock green w/ black bullseye decals- front viewgunnar crosshairs in shamrock green w/ black bullseye decals  the crosshairs takes versatility to a new level, suitable for cylcocross competition, off-season training, centuries and distance riding  as well as commuting.  learn more . . gunnar grand disc in british racing green with panda panelsgunnar grand disc in british racing green with panda panels - perfect for touring with the wet braking benefits of disc brakes, which also reduce wear and tear on rims.  comes with 3 sets of water bottle bosses plus double rear eyelets.  learn more . . .gunnar crosshairs in garnet metallic / black buillseye decals - front viewfront view of gunnar crosshairs in garnet metallic / black buillseye decals.  this bike is ideal for cyclocross, gravel grinding, off-season training, commuting, distance riding and light touring.  what more could you ask from one design? learn more . . gunnar grand tour in sunset red over brickyard red with bullseye decalsthe grand tour incorporates decades of refinements in full road touring frame design, including stable handling at high speeds, a comfortable fit, rugged tubeset, generous chainstays and lots of creature features.learn more . . gunnar ruffian in bamboo with bullseye decalsruffian comes with paragon slider dropouts.  learn more . . ."gunnar rock tour in white with black bullseye decalsheed the call of adventure with a terrific bike for the outback.  easy fit, chainstay disc mounts, rack and fender eyelets let you answer the call of the wild.  learn more . . .


















gunnar cycles usa
816 w. bakke ave.
waterford, wi 53185
phone: 262-534-4190
 log in    
store locator    
contact us




















