

midnight fire







   


about the mfa
children of the midnight fire
circle ofthe raven
christmas is finally over
contact
many sherwood forests
midnight fire
midnight fire media


   


mirror
more
occult/pagan links
one sherwood forest
open(ed) letter to a friend
runes
reincarnation
shadowwalk
total recall
transformation and metamorphosis

   

portal
   

the mark of seasons:
(the windows of space and time)
samhain

the past is prologue.

   

   

   


    there is a tablet in gray hovering in the air.

   

   


it's not one in stone, but more formed out of mist. on it, in the many-dimensional space there are figures moving, some alike, some not.the tapestry is constantly moving and changing.

   

    the wind is blowing.the ground is hot under naked feet.a witch is rising with the birds from the field.rising above the treetops, into night.
   

   

   
   

   



   




    the floodgates are openthe birds flying in the dark are rising above the treetops.ascending into the dark forest.

a man somewhere is screaming his heart out,a wail of insanity incarnate.everybody is turning their heads. the scream seems to come from everywhere. from all the walls, all the floors, all the ceilingsevery spot of air enclosing present day humans.

a scream of of horror and pain,the deepest pit of the current horrible human existence,turning day into night.yes, the circle of the raven is rising.the nightmare awakening us all has begun.




   

   

   

   

   

    all my webpages are made at night, and that's when they should be vieved.

    ongoing transformation and metamorphosis started.first wave: 2000-12-02, 346. night 12055 by the end of the year of the abyss.

second wave: 2001-05-25, 155. night 12056 in the first year in the time of the twilight storm.

third and unending wave: 2002-10-28, 312. night 12057 in the second year in the time of the twilight storm.

    and this second 2018-10-28 19.28.21 midnight-fire.net had its seventeenth annual celebration!!!

    we have been on the web since april 1996, though...

    is that twenty-two years??? i can't believe it.

 most recent update 2018-04-13

 text, images, music, webdesign, art and everything copyright amos keppler

 major update coming up during the year
    

   

season of the witch a london-fantasy about our deepest self.

thunder road - ice and fire my post-civilization novel.

black dragon comics as a novel.

the nine my world building.

alarums of reality my psychotic novel.

shadowwalk the deepest of mysteries explored.

dreams belong to the night the ultimate tale of rebellion.

your own fatea tale of growth & realization of self beyond any confines.

night on eartha dark london tale to end all tales.

the poetic sitean exploration of all shades of life.

the janus clanone of the most controversial series of novels ever published.

   

    the twilight storm is here. the wind is blowing from the east, from the south, from the west, from the north. the fire is burning in the wind.

 carpe noctem.

    

   



portal
   

   


   


