







industryselect® - database of u.s. manufacturers, suppliers, and industrial service providers & executive contacts - sales leads, email lists, telemarketing, mailing lists (formerly ez select®)


















































 
 our data     sample profile     user reviews     compare versions     subscription pricing     weekly webinar     industryselect blog     contact us     free demo














  user login



					
						 
					
				


email:



password:



 
 keep me logged in


 







					  forgot password?     new user?









javascript alert
you must enable scripting to use this site!
this site makes use of advanced technologies that allow it to 
				feel more like desktop software and less like a web page. 
				javascript is necessary for the site to function properly. 
				please call us at 847-864-1655 with any questions.

				how do i enable javascript?








industryselect is the industrial database for sales, marketing, recruiting, and research.
b2b company data on over 360,000 u.s. manufacturers, suppliers, and industrial service providers.
human verified data for superior accuracy and detail, trusted by over 50,000 sales professionals, business leaders, and entrepreneurs.

  identify your best prospects by company location, industry, and size
  view complete company profiles with executive names, titles, and emails
  get instant counts, build and save lists of companies and contacts
  export profiles to your crm or for mailing, telemarketing, and email campaigns
  locate top executives by name & title and sync with your address book
  collaborate with your sales team, share notes & information, generate reports
  see parent company and headquarters relationships with family tree view
  discover a company's key competitors to maximize sales opportunities
  integration with popular apps like salesforce, hubspot, google my maps, & bing maps
  find and contact your best prospects with your personal ai sales assistant
  uncover hidden sales opportunities using our exclusive intent data
  clone your best customers and find thousands more like them with customer match
  we can even do the cold calling for you with our industrial prospecting services
  choose subscriptions from multiple versions to fit your needs & budget
  access your subscriptions in any browser on your pc, mac, tablet, or smartphone

industryselect is a service of mni, the industrial data source since 1912.

  start your free demo







ourdata



sampleprofile



userreviews



compare versions



subscription pricing



join ournext webinar






industryselect is trusted by leading startups, fortune 500 companies, and top global brands.





















“i absolutely love this system.  lightning fast, very accurate and extremely user friendly. thanks for encouraging me to move in this direction.”
industrial restoration systems, inc. 



a service of 



© 2025 mni     license agreement     terms of use     legal information     privacy policy     do not sell my personal info     help us fight data theft     daas
 







