



cyber friends - make friends online, meet new friends





























skip to content 





 





menu 








menu 
about
faq
news
contact
webcam jobs
 























 







cyber friends - meet new friends!














cyber friends: best way to make friends online 



welcome to the all-new cyberfriends, the best place to find friends online from all over the world!attention long-time cyberfriends users! we have re-launched in an all-new live video-based format with many exciting features. the website is still free, but unfortunately, your previous logins will no longer work, and you will have to create a new account. yes, it’s a pain, but we really tried to make it worth your while!cyberfriends is a popular, fun, safe, and anonymous online friendship portal where thousands of people from over 200 countries meet and chat every day. our site was originally founded in 1995 when the internet was just getting started, long before there was netflix, youtube, or google. since then, cyber friends has helped thousands of people find new friends, some in places they have never even heard of. please check out our member testimonials, and see why cyberfriends is the best friendship site on the internet!










cyberfriends in media 




 










meet new friends online 



join for free, and start making new cyberfriends right now!every registered cyberfriend gets their own profile which other cyberfriends can visit. you can personalize your profile with information about yourself, your background, education, profession, and your interests. you can also add photographs to your profile to share with other cyberfriends. you can watch up to four people’s webcams at once, send instant messages, invite to the private chat, rate others, build a fan base, send gifts, get your own chatroom, view profiles, send offline messages, get avatars, and much much more!the cyberfriends.com website is regarded as one of the most secure, clean, and professional friendship websites on the internet. powerful offensive user reporting and ignore features are integrated throughout the site to make sure that your friends making experience is safe, rewarding, and fulfilling. we are always adding new and exciting features at the request of our members, so do not forget to visit us often!






















© 2025 cyber friends. all rights reserved. 
















