














bluetruth





















home
articles
dating
newproducts
events
gallery
contact
search: 
















                                            
                                            
did you know... barry long shows us how to remove the fantasy and experience reality...osho talks about the origins of tantra...david deida says that men need to have a stake in the ground, and have direction in their lives...betty dodson talks about removing shame around self-love and self pleasuring
                                            
                                            
                                            






featured articles

erogenous zones and orgasmic massage

by jaiya



three sensuous couples guide you in making love with your hands and heart, as well as with your lips, hips, breath, chest, and mouth. jaiya takes us on a magical mystery tour of the whole body with special emphasis on the non-genital erogenous zones. 

continue reading
your excellent track record is meaningless to her

by david deida



a man's track record means nothing to the feminine. a man could be perfect for ten years, but if he's an asshole for 30 seconds his woman acts like he's always been one. the feminine responds to the moment of energy, forgetting her man's history of past behavior. a man's past behavior is irrelevant to his woman's feeling in the moment. but men base much on another man's history of behavior, so they think their own track record should count for something. but to a woman, it doesn't. 

continue reading
what is tantra?

by suzie heumann



the approximate sanskrit definition of "tantra" is "web" or a union of opposites that, when united, becomes one with everything in the universe. tantric practice unifies the many contradictory aspects of the self (e.g., masculine and feminine, spirit and matter, dark and light) into a harmonious whole.

developed in india, tantric practices were at their height between 500 to 1300 ad. today tantra is a living system designed to promote rapid growth towards enlightenment. tantra's components include yoga, meditation, deity worship, whole-body health, and ayurvedic medicine. 

continue reading
craving for community

by amara charles



it is not the desire to build a commune, or the urge to go off to a religious monastery that calls most of us these days: it is the underlying longing in our hearts to live in nourishing environments amongst kindred spirits-to create homes and pursuits where we can develop our deepest gifts. it is a calling to live in caring places where our bodies and spirits can thrive, where our freedom and creativity can be shared abundantly. 

continue reading
abandoning casual association between the sexes

by bubba free john



there is something about the social polarisation between men and women that is at the root of all problems about sexuality.  the problems seem never to come to an end.  they are not resolved in an hour or any number of hours of converation and insight.  if something becomes more clarified by our conversation and our insight, you feel more responsible for your problems, but when you leave this room, go out and mingle with others and carry on your daily activities, the same influences and the same tendencies appear.  they do not seem to be reduced by your mere understanding.  suddenly, it becomes overwhelmingly clear that the problem is not subject to insight slone.  insight is ony the beginning of a process that must become more concrete.

continue reading
 

1
2
3
4
5



what's your opinion

what makes someone qualified to be a sexual healer?in response to 'aspirant and practitioner' by barry longpornography divorces the body from the soultowards the ecology of sacred uniondivorce 



featured video


erotic touch


learn erotic massage techniques...

premium product





artwork

this slideshow requires adobe flash player 9.0 (or higher).
ancient chinese sexual positions cards now available...




daily bluetruth



subscribe form

every day we send out a carefully chosen profound quote or exerpt to challenge or delight you. subscribe to our daily bluetruths to get free tips on being the most incredible lover.









					ad esempio, le pillole, le capsule e gli sciroppi sono metodi poco invasivi e soprattutto hanno un'applicazione indolore acquista-antibiotici.com un antibiotico può amplificare l'effetto dell'altro.
					









 


featured sites


 
						



recent tweets





follow bluetruth on twitterother links




be my friend?


digg
twitter
facebook
linkedin
stumbleupon









