


gate2biotech - all czech biotech information in one place






































press monitoring
credit: 
peggy boegner - fotolia.comnanoparticles successfully deliver genetic material to plants via roots14.2.2025: university of queensland researchers have for the first time introduced genetic material into plants via their roots, opening a potential pathway for rapid crop improvement. the research is published in nature plants.
professor bernard carroll from uq's school of chemistry and molecular biosciences said nanoparticle technology could help fine-tune plant genes to increase crop yield and improve food quality.
"traditional plant breeding and genetic modification take many generations to produce a new crop variety, which is time-consuming and... 


continue
show all articles
 



news of science
exploitation of arabidopsis genome to improve crop properties7.12.2015: currently, we solve three main tasks using arabidopsis thaliana as model: 1. genetic determination of metabolome pathway connected to prenylflavonoid and lupulin production in hop. 2.  study of... 


continue
show all articles
 




newly on gate2biotech
the 3rd cee pharmaceutical manufacturing excellent awards were handed...14.3.2017: more than 400 decision makers and professionals attended pharm connect this year from over 25 countries with the same purpose: sharing their experiences, building new partnerships, finding the best... 


continue
show all articles
 










international cooperation
biocompatibility testing of biodegradable therapeutic protein patches with human...3.5.2017: a slovenian research institute developed protein patches applicable for healing chronic skin wounds rapidly and cost efficiently. patches are biodegradable – disappearing in the wound, leaving no... 


continue
show all articles
 




students
pharma-biotech product and company valuation11.8.2014: understand the valuation concepts and techniques that are commonly applied in the pharma and biotech industries, pharma-biotech product and company valuation with dr. patrik frei! 


continue
show all articles
 







jobs

ph.d. position in pancreatic beta-cell research at third faculty of medicine, charles university, prague, czech republic
project: regulation of beta-cell function and viability in relation to type 2 diabetes...

ph.d. position in pancreatic beta-cell research at third faculty of medicine, charles university, prague, czech republic
project: pancreatic beta-cell and pollutants: the effect of pollutants on viability and function of...

“postdoctoral position” at the department of cell nucleus plasticity
the institute of experimental medicine of the czech academy of sciences, department of the cell...



all jobs






international events



all international events






gate2biotech - biotechnology portal introduction




having the status of the official portal for czech biotechnology, gate2biotech serves to biotechnology companies, suppliers, investors, institutions, students and general public interested in biotechnology.
		the portal is dedicated to the following subjects: plant and animal ... 	

unites biotechnology community 
produces biotechnology report 
completes biotech database 
monitors latest news in biotechnology 
encourages innovative ideas 
searches investors 
facilitate worldwide awareness of biotechnology
 




 








biotech segments

how this section works?
plant biotechnology
animal biotechnology
environmental biotechnology
industrial biotechnology
medicine and pharmacy biotechnology
diagnostics and bioinformatics
biotech service suppliers
biotech material suppliers


what is new in biotech

do not miss
students
career

conference 2013

biotechnology report



biotech infrastructure

about us





we recommend









home
 login

we welcome your feedback
issn 1802-2685









 






search:
organizations
projects
career
books
journals
dictionary
events
contact







cebio






















provider



media partners 





partners
 
















gate2biotech - biotechnology portal - all czech biotechnology information in one place. 
issn 1802-2685this website is maintained by: creos cz
© 2006 - 2025 south bohemian agency for support to innovative enterprising (jaip) 




rss web feeds
html sitemap
sitemaps.org
newsletter subscription
inovace.cz





interesting biotechnology content:
biotechnology journals - plant, environmetal, animal biotechnology journals
life sciences search engine - huge database of genome, protein, gene, genome project, ..
implants made of your blood could repair broken bone
gene-edited cells could halt multiple sclerosis progression

















