



kim's crane origami paper and more papers








kim's crane, llc

origami and paper craft supplies










click

                      here for
                      kim's crane 
                      shopping cart













origami paper from around the world, packaged origami papers, decorative paper, and many other papers for your paper projects.  kim's crane is one of the largest supplier of origami paper outside japan.  we deal directly with more than 35 manufactures worldwide with access to many more. we also carry additional items that will enhance your projects.  we ship world-wide. 
in 1995, kim's crane began providing origami papers and other supplies for the origami folders and other crafters.  the artist will find packaged origami papers products in an assortment of plain color, foils, single sided, double sided, printed pattern colors as well as diverse textures and larger sheets of art papers good for origami. for a definition or description of the different origami paper type terms see the definition table .
kim's crane selection of decorative papers includes: elephant hide paper, washi,
              glassine (kite paper), florentine, kraft,
              chiyogami, crepe       paper, itajime,  and unryu (mulberry).  more information about the decorative papers see:  decorative paper table 

            kim's crane has a boutique studio located near snohomish, washington, where the a buyer can view and purchase the products in person.  the studio is open by appointment only.
for help in understanding the terms that kim's crane uses to categorize origami papers and decorative papers into searchable "categories" or segments, we have developed a terminology table.  this terminology table may give the user added information on the papers of each searchable term.


 




origami papers








origami single sided solid 'plain' color papers



plain color papers are made for specifically for origami.  the papers are printed with single color on one side.  sometimes the name kami is used for these paper.  the word kami is japanese for paper.



origami papers with print or patterns




prints papers are paper made for origami with a pattern.  the pattern papers have more the one color printed on one side of the paper. 



origami double sided papers



double sided papers are papers with two finish 'printed' sides.  the paper can be solid color on both sides (same color or different colors), print-prints, or prints-solid.



origami foil papers



foil papers are origami papers with a thin layer of foil adhered to paper



origami papers kits



kits are origami projects assembled to made predefined objects.



other types of origami papers



other origami papers is the area where kim's crane has grouped together papers which cannot be easily placed into the above groups.



origami lucky star papers



origami lucky stars are strips of colorful papers folded to look like stars.  they are    usually kept in heart shaped glass bottles for good luck.  they can also be used for jewelry, earring, decorations, necklaces, christmas tree ornaments and so much more 














decorative papers (artisan papers)








elephant hide paper
zanders writes: "elephant hide paper is an extraordinary product combining timeless beauty with uncommon practicality.  the manufacturing process is unique: the paper is made in accordance with a 'very old recipe.' it runs, ever so slowly, on machinery made especially for this product. the characteristic veining varies sheet to sheet, as do the shape and caliper, making the resulting product as close to 'hand-made' as possible, with a striking resemblance to marble. yet, owing to a special surface treatment, the paper has a high degree of resistance to scratching, scuffing and grease stains, and can be wiped with a damp cloth." this paper is also called wyndstone
usages include; origami paper, origami wet folding, book binding, book covers, documents, certificates, packaging, menus, greeting cards, and wet folding origami models, laser printable, sophisticated paper arts, collage, scrap booking, sculptures, mixed media



washi paper
see paper "origami discovers washi paper" by kimberly crane





glassine (kite paper)
glassine paper - (translucent paper); 100% sulphite, acid free, machine made. 

usages include; origami paper, origami, paper folding, gift wrapping, window stars, scrap booking, collage, flowers, tissue foil, back coating, mixed media, note cards, tessellations, complex origami



florentine paper
paper base is 100% sulfite, acid free, and printer friendly. each paper is approx 90 g/m2.
usages; bookbindery, creative and artistic hobbies, scrap booking, origami, origami boxes, diy, decoration and decoupage, and collage.



kraft paper

paper is 40 gsm. reverse side of paper is kraft brown.
kraft paper is good for, origami, scrap booking, book covers, kirigami, doll making, modulars, boxes, stars, card making, decoupage, paper folding, gift wrap



chiyogami paper
see paper "origami discovers chiyogami" by kimberly crane





crepe paper
japanese double-sided crepe paper.  the crepe paper kim's crane sells is stiffer but not thicker than the double sided crepe paper one normally finds from germany.  the stiffness allows the paper to retain its structure much longer than normal crepe paper.

usages include; paper flowers, collage, mixed media, card invitations, doll making, book     arts, personal journals, gift wrapping, scrap booking, lining envelopes, sculptures, embellishments for many paper other paper arts


itajime paper
this paper is handmade from kozo bark and then hand dyed. 

usages include; origami paper, origami, paper folding, gift wrapping, scrap booking, collage, flowers, mixed media, note cards, tessellations, kirigami, bookmaking, note cards, card, lining envelopes, sophisticated paper arts, decoupage, tissue foil, chigiri-e


unryu (mulberry) paper

 
                            aka as cloud dragon paper comes in diverse thicknesses, soft to the touch, harvested from the mulberry tree, comes in many colors and textures, semi-translucent with swirls of kozo throughout. natural ph. 
                            for more information about unryu/mulberry read kimberly's factual on mulberry paper.
                          
usages include; origami paper, gift wrapping, scrap booking, paper flowers, collage, mized    media, note cards, tesselations, kirigami, card lining envelopes, sophisticated paper arts, tissue foil, chigiri-e, lampshades 




















  specials  
  new products 

  best sellers 

  our stores 

  contact us 

 
                                    terms and conditions of use  
  about
                                    kim's crane  
  sitemap  

 



postal address
2801 bickford ave
 suite 103-140
snohomish, wa 98290

                                 u.s.a.




electronic mail

                               kim@kimscrane.com








 kim's crane
                origami supplies home page


 last update to page: july 25,
              2017 


 send comments to kim@kimscrane.com


 copyright 2017 kim's crane, llc.
              all rights reserved 




