



	bbi international
  











bbi international


search

site






home


about bbi


publications


events


contact us


careers


search


d3max
















login




magazines   
events 
 international biomass conference & expo presented by biomass magazinemarch 18-20, 2025cobb galleria centreatlanta, ganow in its 18th year, the international biomass conference & expo is expected to bring together more than 900 attendees, 160 exhibitors and 65 speakers from more than 25 countries. it is the largest gathering of biomass professionals and academics in the world. the conference provides relevant content and unparalleled networking opportunities in a dynamic business-to-business environment. in addition to abundant networking opportunities, the largest biomass conference in the world is renowned for its outstanding programming—powered by biomass magazine–that maintains a strong focus on commercial-scale biomass production, new technology, and near-term research and development. join us at the international biomass conference & expo as we enter this new and exciting era in biomass energy. www.biomassconference.comupcoming event datesnashville, tn – march 31-april 2, 2026 
 ethanol 101: knowing the industry you servepresented by ethanol producer magazine june 9, 2025 chi health center, omaha, nea pre-conference seminar to the fuel ethanol workshop, ethanol 101 will serve as a one day in-depth survey of the history, science, production and market basics of the ethanol industry. populated by some of the industry’s most recognized professionals, this seminar will serve not only to bring you or your new employee up to speed on “must know” information about the ethanol industry, but will also provide a forum to meet respected industry representatives and network with them and their fellow seminar attendees. www.fuelethanolworkshop.com
 carbon capture & storage summitpresented by ethanol producer magazine june 9-11, 2025 chi health center, omaha, necapturing and storing carbon dioxide in underground wells has the potential to become the most consequential technological deployment in the history of the broader biofuels industry. deploying effective carbon capture and storage at biofuels plants will cement ethanol and biodiesel as the lowest carbon liquid fuels commercially available in the marketplace. the carbon capture & storage summit will offer attendees a comprehensive look at the economics of carbon capture and storage, the infrastructure required to make it possible and the financial and marketplace impacts to participating producers. www.carboncapturestoragesummit.com
 international fuel ethanol workshop & expo presented by ethanol producer magazine june 9-11, 2025 chi health center, omaha, nenow in its 40th year, the few provides the ethanol industry with cutting-edge content and unparalleled networking opportunities in a dynamic business-to-business environment. as the largest, longest running ethanol conference in the world, the few is renowned for its superb programming—powered by ethanol producer magazine —that maintains a strong focus on commercial-scale ethanol production, new technology, and near-term research and development. the event draws more than 2,300 people from over 31 countries and from nearly every ethanol plant in the united states and canada. www.fuelethanolworkshop.com
 sustainable fuels summit: saf, renewable diesel and biodieselpresented by biodiesel magazine and saf magazinejune 9-11, 2025 chi health center, omaha, nethe sustainable fuels summit: saf, renewable diesel, and biodiesel is a premier forum designed for producers of biodiesel, renewable diesel, and sustainable aviation fuel (saf) to learn about cutting-edge process technologies, innovative techniques, and equipment to optimize existing production. attendees will discover efficiencies that save money while increasing throughput and fuel quality. this world-class event features premium content from technology providers, equipment vendors, consultants, engineers, and producers to advance discussions and foster an environment of collaboration and networking. through engaging presentations, fruitful discussions, and compelling exhibitions, the summit aims to push the biomass-based diesel sector beyond its current limitations.   www.sustainablefuelssummit.com
 north american saf conference & expo presented & organized by saf magazine september 22-24, 2025minneapolis convention center, minneapolis, mn   serving the global sustainable aviation fuel industrytaking place in september, the north american saf conference & expo, produced by saf magazine, in collaboration with the commercial aviation alternative fuels initiative (caafi) will showcase the latest strategies for aviation fuel decarbonization, solutions for key industry challenges, and highlight the current opportunities for airlines, corporations and fuel producers.www.safconference.com
 uas summit & expo presented & organized by uas magazine october 14-15, 2025alerus center, grand forks, ndthe uas industry is in the midst of an economic and technological evolution. the 19th annual uas summit and expo—set in grand forks, north dakota, near the heart of some of the most prominent u.s. uas activity currently happening—is set to showcase and explain the evolution of uavs while revealing the current state of the commercial uas industry. it’s the original epicenter of drone research, earned its place as the silicon valley of drones and as you’ll see from the commercial, government and military flight activity filling the sky of the northern plains and beyond every day, it has truly become america’s uas proving grounds. www.theuassummit.com







magazines

ethanol producer magazine
biomass magazine
pellet mill magazine
biodiesel magazine
carbon capture magazine
saf magazine
uas magazine



learn more




events

international biomass conference & expo
international fuel ethanol workshop & expo
sustainable fuels summit: saf, renewable diesel & biodiesel
uas summit & expo
national saf conference & expo




learn more








privacy policy  
				copyright © bbi international 






