















greenwood village official website | official website









 















skip to main content



















closure notice


	city offices closed in observance of presidents day
	read on...














 












search







 
 
 


    doing business      residents      government      departments      how do i?  


 

 

 

 

 





 












 














online services








employment










 
 














activities & events








report a concern










 
 














police department








cultural arts










 
 
 

























 














stay informed with greenwood village
 






  
 
 














parks & trailsgreenwood village parks, trails and open spaces are a large part of what makes the village such a special place to live and visit.








meetings & agendasfind agendas, minutes, and audio webcasts for city council, planning & zoning commission, board of adjustments & appeals, and more










 
 













trash & recyclingresidential trash & recycling service is provided to eligible residential properties by waste connections.  eligible residents may also use the city's large item pick-up service and arrange for household hazardous waste pick-up. 








pavilion & field reservationspark pavilions and playing fields can be reserved for single dates by obtaining a permit using our online reservation system 










 
 














departmentsfind our department directory here








sales & use taxall businesses located in the village, as well as those with employees working in our community, must obtain an occupational privilege tax license.










 
 













municipal codethe city of greenwood village municipal code is the current collection of laws (ordinances) and adoption of secondary references governing the village.








building permits & inspectionsonline building permit portal and information regarding inspections and contractor licensing










 
 
 



  
 
 





news & updatesview all news



 
 
 



 















update: shooting investigation at dayton light rail 


			posted
							on february 11, 2025


on february 11 at 3:12 p.m., gvpd received a call of shots fired at the dayton rtd light rail station, located at 4151 south dallas street.						read on...







february newsletter 


			posted
							on february 7, 2025


read all the latest news and updates in the greenwood village newsletter.			learn more







january newsletter 


			posted
							on january 2, 2025


read all the latest news and updates in the greenwood village newsletter.			learn more







december newsletter 


			posted
							on december 9, 2024


read all the latest news and updates in the greenwood village newsletter.			learn more







november newsletter 


			posted
							on november 5, 2024


read all the latest news and updates in the greenwood village newsletter.			learn more







october newsletter 


			posted
							on october 3, 2024


read all the latest news and updates in the greenwood village newsletter.			learn more







two new k-9s ready for duty 


			posted
							on september 3, 2024


welcome to the team, titan and tango!						learn more







emergency gas line repair on orchard road east of yosemite street 


			posted
							on january 23, 2025


both eastbound and westbound orchard road will be reduced to a single lane east of yosemite street. work is anticipated through tonight and potentially into tomorrow morning.						read on...











/civicalerts.aspx


  
 
 



  
 
 














greenwood village events
 






  
 
 








calendar










february 17  

senior social - senior social







february 18  

figure drawing - figure drawing session 1







february 18  

observational drawing - observational drawing







february 18  

planning & zoning commission regular meeting - cancelled







february 20  

cml legislative workshop







february 20  

greenwood village blood drive by vitalant






view all events




/calendar.aspx



 
 
 



 



 















 






  
 









     





 
 



  
 







contact us







greenwood village city hall


6060 s quebec street


greenwood village, co 80111


monday - friday8:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m.


phone: 303-773-0252


email greenwood village
 






  
 



  
 







quick links







subscribe to city news



report a concern



greenwood village maps



development activity map



trash & recycling schedule









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 



  
 







faqs








how do i contact the city manager?


can i pay my traffic violation online?


how can i find out if i'm registered to vote?


how can i sign up for notifications on city news?








/faq.aspx




 
 
 





digital accessibilitythe city of greenwood village is committed to making our web content accessible to all users.  if you need assistance or require accommodation to access this website, please contact us at 303-486-5745, submit a form online, by email, in person or by mail at 6060 s quebec street, greenwood village, co 80111.



 
 
 



 











government websites by civicplus®




 
 
 

 














home







contact us







site map







privacy policy







accessibility









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 
 












loading









				loading
			


do not show again
close




























arrow left



arrow right





[]



slideshow left arrow





slideshow right arrow









