

nirvana on the beach at negril, jamaica | jamaican beachfront cottages | private beach









































































now available


 


nirvana on the beach


   










			welcome to nirvana on the beach!

nirvana is an approved jamaica tourist board covid19 property



nirvana on the beach in negril, jamaica is an intimate and unique un-hotel beachfront property with that world famous old-style negril ambiance.  personal service and negril's best staff will make sure your vacation dreams come true... making us the perfect choice for a special hideaway vacation in jamaica for couples, singles, families or groups. read more about us.
nirvana is centrally located on negril beach in a romantic and private setting with only eight secluded rental units to suit individual tastes, at a teriffic value. you can rent one unit, several units or the whole property for that special caribbean island-style beachfront vacation you have been searching for.
imagine a peaceful, exotic and lush two acre tropical garden on the beach where you can relax in a hammock in the shade of coconut palms, fruit trees and all kinds of tropical blooms which attract butterflies hummingbirds and songbirds...

walk to all negril's attractions including every kind of watersports, local jerk chicken and lobster stands, tasty snack shops, cozy beach bars, and a wide selection of restaurants in every price range. for shoppers there are many chic island-style boutiques, interesting and colorful native wood carving and handicraft markets and duty free shops. spend your day taking in all the flavors of negril, or just hang out under a shady palm tree.

			nirvana on the beach has 24 hour security and exceptional hospitality, and our friendly and caring jamaican staff will make you feel right at home.
you come as a guest and leave as a friend.
there are no planned activities or schedules at nirvana, you can create your own with the help of our friendly manager and staff who will be happy to help you arrange activities of all kinds. from a dazzling array of beachfront watersports and sunset cruises to shopping for beautiful handicrafts in local markets, to guided full day trips to the jamaican countryside, the exciting black river safari and several pristine waterfalls, you will be thrilled you found us!




    

						


























						 




about us...

nirvana is our version of paradise, on one of the world's great beaches. as the name implies it is truly a piece of heaven on earth...imagine a lush green tropical garden filled with exotic flowers and blooming trees loaded with fruits and colorful hummingbirds...all set right in the middle of a 7-mile beach of silky soft powder white sand caressed by the warm, clear turquoise waters of the caribbean.

we offer a limited number of guests a caribbean beachfront vacation experience with a warm jamaican welcome and american style amenities in just 12 rental units. your privacy and security are assured in a relaxed and romantic setting where you can forget the pressures and cares of daily life. all of nirvana's immaculate accommodation's have been planned for your enjoyment. they are fully screened, have ceiling fans in all rooms and family-style comforts. our new luxury verandah suites offer the ultimate in beachfront living and feature air-conditioning, ceiling fans, a kitchenette and large private verandah facing the beach, the sea and the sunsets. the cottages have full kitchens and include maid/cook service, guests provide groceries. daily maid service is included in the couple's suites, of course. rollaway beds are available in any of the units, to accommodate extras. our newest 2 bedroom cottage is wheel-chair accessible.

nirvana has a totally private beach area within our property lines, beach lounge chairs, a charcoal grill and picnic area and hammocks in the shady gardens. extra services are available on request, such as nanny or baby-sitting service from experienced and recommended jamaican sitters, laundry service is also available, ...spoiling our guests is our specialty.

			our recommended van and taxi drivers are fully licensed and insured and are available for all your transportation needs including airport transfers by reservations, as well as shopping , day trips to other beautiful and interesting places in jamaica. leave the driving to local drivers who are experienced in driving on the left.

			we know hotel security is on everyone's mind while traveling and we have 24 hour security in place for your complete peace of mind. nirvana's beach guard assures your privacy and will watch any personal belongings you may want to leave with him while you take a walk go for a parasail ride or do watersports or relax on the beach. our night watchman takes over in the evening and patrols our grounds while you sleep.

			if a caribbean beachfront dream vacation is what you're looking for, nirvana on the beach in negril, jamaica is sure to please you, for reservations and information please call lonnie or stanley gottlieb.













health alert: nirvana covid-19 compliance (april 8, 2021) update 

nirvana is an approved jamaica tourist board covid19 property

						 


















home  |  our grounds  |  cottages  |  garden studio  |  verandah suites  |  sundeck i studio
sundeck ii studio  |  owners villa  |  activities  |  extra services  |  specials  |  testimonials  |  contact  |  links 






you can email us anytime at
info@nirvananegril.com



please add a 10.0% gct tax and $10 per night/ per unit for the jamaican room tax and energy surcharge








ask for lonnie or stanley gottlieb
												florida phone (941) 708-0203 


winter rates
												december 15th through april 15th
summer rates
												april16th through december 14th




©2023 - all rights reserved















 





 
  













