







keep temple beautiful – envisioning a community in which every neighborhood is a clean, green, and beautiful place to live.








































































 




























skip to content
 







 








about events leadership get involved news contact  






donate















 








 

















 



we envision a community in which every neighborhood is a clean, green, & beautiful place to live. 
















about 



in 1988, a stay-at-home mom, later turned texas representative dianne white delisi, worked with the temple chamber of commerce beautification committee members to embark upon a mission to have temple, texas, designated as the state’s official wildflower capital. after temple received the recognition in 1989, the committee went to work trying to outline a plan to make temple an environmentally safe and aesthetically pleasing community. the effort made by this dedicated committee became such a passion for many of the members that the large chamber task force was transformed into a sperate organization called keep temple beautiful, inc. today, keep temple beautiful, inc., is still a fully functioning 501(c)3 non-profit with an active volunteer board. while the main goals of environmental safety and beautification projects still remain high priorities, keep temple beautiful, inc., has partnered with the city of temple to add an annual household hazardous waste materials clean up, a multitude of educational events, and a beautiful gateway for the city at the intersection of i-35 and adams avenue/central avenue. the spirit of dianne white delisi continues to live on in the dedicated hearts of the ktb board and the citizens of temple. 












 




























the i-35 gateway is one project ktb partnered with the city to bring forth. the project will beautify the area with landscaping, signage, & sculptures to create an alluring gateway welcoming travelers to our city. 





 














upcoming projects & programs:ktb is currently working on several new programs! check back often to learn about the:yard of the month programbeautification program of the quarterlittle sprouts programand more! bookmark this page and check in for updates! 



























upcoming events 



monday, february 3feed the birds day 






more info







friday, february 28skip the straw day 






more info














 









 









leadership 



city of temple staff 



nancy glover, director of housing & community developmentbelinda garcia, neighborhood navigatormaggie spellings, administrative assistant 










board of directors 




julia evans, chairmankent boyd, treasurergwen petter, secretarynatalie mcadamsbrandon wilder 




tyler harrisonalison demartinoallan einbodenbrian stokeskim tompkins 





ryan biemerheather leedychad parsonsrebekah little 







accepting applications for open board member positions! click on the link below, complete the form and send it to mspellings@templetx.gov. 






apply today!













leadership 



city of temple staff 



nancy gloverdirector of housing & community developmentbelinda garcianeighborhood navigatorkassy loftinadministrative assistant 



board of directors 




heather leedy, chairmankent boyd, treasurergwen petter, secretarynatalie mcadamsalison demartinosallan einbodenbrian stokesjudy moralesryan biemertyler harrisonjulia evanschad parsonsbrandon wilder 






accepting applications for open board member positions! click on the link below, complete the form & send it to hleedy@templetx.gov. 






apply today!


















get involved! 



looking for an opportunity to make a meaningful contribution in our community? volunteer with keep temple beautiful and help make our city a more beautiful place to live! 






sign up here









 























contact us 



send us a message and we’ll get back to you soon as possible! 



















 



submit



































 




keeptempletxbeautiful@gmail.com 



254.298.5999 



101 n main st., temple, tx 76501 






facebook
 









 













donate to keep temple beautiful 



by giving, you are taking a real, concrete step in helping to clean, green, and beautify our city. every donation is meaningful and has impact. your support is appreciated! 



donate 









 go to top









menu 



about  events  leadership  get involved  news  contact   



 








































































