











hotel - francisco grande hotel and golf resort























































book a room
golf
meetings & events
dining
specials
careers
contact


 (800) 237-4238




 
book a room
golf
meetings & events
dining
specials
careers
contact
 


 







book a room  
francisco grande hotel & golf resort 
								 









francisco grande hotel and golf resort is on the campus of grande sports world, an award-winning, world-class training destination for youth, professional, and national teams from around the globe.
grande sports world sets the gold standard of excellence for youth soccer development in the country by providing coaching, facilities, professional fields, dining, and lodging in one central location.





history
horace stoneham, the legendary owner of the san francisco giants, built a first-rate training facility for his “boys from the bay” that included hall of famers willie mays, juan marichal, orlando cepeda and willie mccovey. word spread and soon fans traveled from around the world to see their giants train and compete in the cactus league, play superlative golf, and bask in the arizona sun. 
john wayne loved francisco grande as he kept a penthouse suite at the top of the hotel where he often stayed since he co-owned the largest cattle ranch in north america to the west of the property. pat boone took part in opening ceremonies more than 50 years ago and was a frequent visitor. you can walk where the rich and famous strolled to take in the view from the eagle’s nest and to enjoy seeing “the duke” hold court.
today, the francisco grande hotel & golf resort has been modernized and restored through a multi-million dollar renovation while honoring its commitment to preserving a rare and glittering past. every guest room in the tower has a large, inviting balcony with expansive views of the golf course, sports fields, and mountain vistas. the resort’s restaurant and watering holes provide a variety of casual and upscale dining and entertainment options.
francisco grande also serves as a premium sports resort for athletes to train, play, rest, and refuel with nutrition designed meals from our chefs. 16 major league soccer teams and 5 international national teams have trained at the facility.









 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 









we are an easy drive and located 45 minutes south of phoenix international airport. escape the pressures of everyday life and enjoy the serenity while having convenient access to phoenix or tucson. 
our amenities include a large baseball bat shape swimming pool, jacuzzi, legend’s restaurant, duke’s lounge, nicely appointed ballroom, meeting spaces with audio and visual, complimentary high-speed internet, golf course, 8 professional grade sports fields and a 58,000 square foot performance center complete with four locker rooms, therapy pools and equipped with state of the art strength and conditioning equipment.  
our central location makes it the ideal place to host golf tournaments, weddings, outings, conferences, meetings, team training, coming of age ceremonies, conventions, and corporate events.




meetings






we offer nearly 10,000 square feet of flexible meeting space, including the ‘eagle’s nest,’ a meeting room on the ninth floor of the tower and overlooks the spectacular golf course with professional conference service staff to assist any request. meeting rooms can be equipped with audio-visual and presentation services with high-speed internet access.




events






the grand ballroom provides more than 4,000 square feet of space and can accommodate up to 400 people with ease. a wide variety of groups have come to appreciate francisco grande’s secluded and unique setting combined with our attentive catering staff ready to handle any request. it’s the perfect location for your group, whether you are planning a board meeting, annual meeting, social event, or wedding.




catering






we focus on flawless service, attention to detail, and impressive food and beverage offerings, as well as diverse locations inside or outdoors. our professional and seasoned staff takes the guesswork out of planning while offering everything you want to host an enjoying, effective, motivating, and on-budget event, with no surprises.


book your staybook now
contact info12684 west gila bend highway
casa grande, arizona 85193

 toll free: 800.237.4238
local: 520.836.6444
our partners




























