

enjoy every sandwich















enjoy every sandwich









sunday, june 24, 2012



waiting for gaiman

i just returned from the chapters superstore at john and richmond where i waited for gaiman. and waited. and waited some more. for five whole hours i waited for gaiman. okay, 4 hours and 57 minutes.

i had never ever heard of neil gaiman two months ago. then zombie gushed, so i picked up one of his books, "american gods" (which i haven't read yet, sorry gaiman). i respect zombie's opinion on such things. she's smarter than i am and who can argue with those boobs? then about a month ago, zombie got real quiet and meek as she asked if i could do her a favour. i got scared. maybe she needs a kidney, i figured. i know it may not mean much to you, but i like my kidneys, so kidney shaped and adorable. anyway, i digress. i said i'd do anything in my power for her (which is true, i will. but i can't remove my own kidneys. i learned this manner of hedging from bill clinton. go ahead, ask me what "is" is.)

"well, neil gaiman is doing a signing at john and richmond in toronto..." zombie continued.

"and you want me to kidnap him and spirit him to michigan for you to sexually abuse? jesus, do you know how time i could get for that? have you been to the border lately? besides, i don't even have a car."

"no, no, no...although that would be nice. but do you think you could...get a book signed for me?"

i was relieved, not only were my kidneys safe, i didn't have to go through the trauma of dragging an unconcious, internationally celebrated author across a border. "done and done" said i. this was easy, i thought. of course i'd do this for zombie. how hard can it be?

well, i didn't count on how famous gaiman is. i figured, he has a blog, i have a blog. shit, the democratic candidates for president all have blogs. only nobodies have blogs. john edwards, me and gaiman. how famous can he be? the logic follows, right?

wrong.

the place was crawing with gaiman types. it was sick with them. and this is a three story bookstore the size of your local sears. it was unbelievable! and the fact that i haven't left the house since i lost my job blinded me to one of my bedrock rules: "no matter how much i or people i respect love a given artist, i will detest that artist's fans." i remembered the rule the second i entered the store. this was the blackest crowd i've ever been in. the clothes, not the people. there was only one black person there, way at the back of the line. i saw every manner of bad haircut, ill-advised tattoo and painful looking piercing imaginable. if i had brought a clipboard and paper, i would've conducted my patented "what the fuck were you thinking" poll. and i'm a guy with a shaved head and a full beard.

i counted no fewer than 7 people wearing heavy black leather jackets. including gaiman! this is august. toronto gets humid in august. isn't this taking "suffering for your art" a little far? wasn't the eyebrow piercing enough? where does it end? barbed wire catheter?

it wouldn't have been so bad if there weren't so many of them. there were easily 1,500 of these people. 1,500 vampire wannabes and....well, me. you do the math. my mouth stayed firmly shut. besides, i had my own book to read (thank christ, because i now knew i was going to be there for a while), the third volume of robert caro's lbj biography, "master of the senate". i prayed none of the goth teenies got too inquisitive. these people are so young and stupid that they probably think "lbj" is spanish for oral sex.

so i got in line at 12:20. the line weaved up stairs and then down stairs then it went through each and every asile on the floor, some 17 or 18 of them.but i figured this was a book signing, not a book writing. how long could it take? five hours is how long it could take! (well, to be fair, gaiman didn't start signing until 20 after one.so four hours.) so i move up stairs, then down stairs, then weave through aisles (it took 20 minutes to clear an aisle. did you know they sell penthouse letters as paperbacks now? neither did i. note to self: buy a couple.did you know carnie wilson has two books out; one about being kind of fat and happy and one about being thin and hungry? note to self: buy neither)

but it was cool, i had my lbj biography. do you know how heavy a 1,200 page hardcover gets after standing with it for five hours? really, really heavy. so for four hours i trudged through the aisles with this mutant horde and a book thick enough that i could kill an adult male with it

then....there was gaiman. black pants, black t-shirt, black shoes. longish, fashionably touselled hair. gaiman! i got four people away, no more than ten feet from gaiman. and what does gaiman do? he gets up to take a piss is what gaiman does! i thought my eyeballs were going to pop out of my fucking head. i couldn't take a piss! if i did that, i would've had to start the whole nightmare over again. i nearly left the line and went home. then i thought, "that would break zombie's heart." and you know what it takes to break a zombie's heart. you've all seen the same movies i have.

so gaiman comes back (much shorter than youd've thought, too) and i get to the head of the line and ask that he sign it to "insert zombie's real name here", which he did. he even drew a little picture for zombie. and we chatted a little, too. gaiman seems like a really nice guy. but now i know why it took five fucking hours. but i knew that i had just made a lil' zombie out there very happy.

and that's worth something, right?

permalink12:37 am






tuesday, june 05, 2012



labels: life with skippy3:02 pm






sunday, january 15, 2012




a lot of liberals are speaking out against bob rae's apparent move to secure the permanent leadership of the liberal party of canada. of course, it goes without saying that a lot of liberals are very stupid, which is why they're liberals in the first place.

those people are also the reason that the lpc is on its deathbed today. unlike most political observers, i'm willing to state the obvious and say that it's incredibly unlikely that the grits will ever hold government again. i think it far more likely that 
they'll be swallowed whole by the new democratic party in five years. and i believe it likely that the liberals will destroy that party as well. 



this is because liberals love nothing more than going to war with one another. at this point, they love it more than winning elections. the party has been fighting their retarded leadership wars since 1975 and is divided into two factions: the trudeau-chretien-rae wing and the turner-martin-ignatieff wing. and each faction has acted as suicide bombers against the other for almost the entire time. 



granted, this didn't stop them from running the country. but that's only because conservatives were such an unmitigated goddamned mess most of the time. and when even a semi-competent conservative leader appeared, the liberals lost to him every time. they were beaten by three very different conservatives; joe clark, brian mulroney and stephen harper. the numbers show that it was only a divided conservative movement that allowed jean chretien to become prime minister at all. when the movement unified under harper, the grits were first reduced to a minority, removed from power altogether, and finally robbed even of their official opposition status. 



the lpc is the most overrated political force anywhere in my lifetime. for at least forty years, they've only won when their opponents are so disorganized and dumb that they can't be trusted to run a profitable rub and tug, let alone a major industrial nation. and even under ideal circumstances, their own infighting does them in, as we've seen over the last decade. 



here's the thing. if i was a conservative party supporter (which i'm not. i last voted for the federal progressive conservatives in 2000, after voting reform in '93 and '97), i'd be afraid of facing bob rae in a federal election. 



rae is easily the smartest and most experienced viable candidate in the party today. in a party of lifetime politicos, academics and bureaucrats, rae is also the only person in the lpc who has ever run anything before. 



which brings us to rae's time as ontario's ndp premier, which the anti-rae forces feel is disqualifying. that's a record that can and should be examined, if only because times have changed so much that it might actually work in rae's favour during a campaign. 



(for the record, i voted against rae twice in ontario, casting ballots for progressive conservative mike harris in 1990 and '95. after the 1999 campaign, i've voted exclusively for minor parties and independents provincially.) 



rae, as even he will tell you, was an accidental premier. he was elected because david peterson's almost awesome arrogance - fighting no fewer than three elections in a single five-year mandate - finally blew him up, and the fact that mike harris had been leader for less than a year and no one knew who he was. 



he was a socialist who was elected at the beginning of a worldwide recession, so he governed predictably, trying to spend his way out bad economic times. in the process, he created what was then record deficits. 



but then rae did something very unpredictable. he attacked those deficits and in the process destroyed his own political base. instead of passing massive tax increases, which you would expect from an ndp government, he instituted austerity on the heavily unionized provincial civil service. that, you might have noticed, is conservative orthodoxy today. indeed, the widely-hated rae days remain well to the right of what republican governors like scott walker and john kasich have attempting in the united states over the last two years. walker and kasich, like paul ryan in washington, are trying things that won't produce savings for a minimum of fifteen years. rae days inflicted immediate pain on the bureaucracy and went a fair way in reducing the deficit.



i've spent that last five years trying to figure out exactly how the harper conservatives (or harper's probable successor, jason kenney) runs against rae. and i've got to tell you, i'm fucking stumped. 



bob rae isn't a political novice, like stephane dion and michael ignatieff were. indeed, he's been running bigger campaigns for longer than anyone currently in the conservative party. he also survived the liberal armageddon of last may, which few other national party figures managed to. that alone makes makes rae a formidable opponent in ways that no other liberal is. he understands what it is to run a major campaign, having done so four times in canada's largest province. 



then there's his ontario record, which is heavily mitigated by the way politics has changed over the seventeen years since rae was ejected from queen's park. the harris-eves conservatives left office with a fairly large deficit, and the current liberal premier, dalton mcguinty, has racked up deficits that dwarf rae's. and the harper conservatives have pissed away money at a rate that would impress even pierre trudeau. 



yes, the tories will almost certainly dive-bomb rae with millions of dollars of negative advertising demagouging his record at quuen's park, which a broke and demoralized liberal party will be unable to counter. it worked maginificently against dion and ignatieff, so there's no reason that they won't go to that well again. 



but at some point, the tories are going to have to debate him on national television. and that's dangerous for them. rae is smarter, a more experienced politician and a better speaker than harper is. and if harper leaves office before 2015 (which i think is a distinct possibility), rae will almost certainly face jason kenney, who is a ward-heeling retard that only got where he is today by stealing the disgusting concept of identity politics from the fucking liberals. 



one can reasonably expect harper or kenney to start a debate by immediately attacking rae's by then twenty year old deficits. if i was bob rae, my first answer would be "yes, i was socialist who governed during a deep recession in the early 1990s, so i did what socialists are expected to do. sir, what is your excuse for spending a $13 billion surplus on nothing and creating deficits that made mine look frugal by comparison?" that alone will be devastating because there is no plausible answer to it. 



then one can expect the attack on rae days. that's problematic in so far as if the tories are even halfway serious about their deficit reduction plan - which they say will not include a tax increase - they'll have to do something that looks a lot like rae days, if not actually be more draconian. remember, harper pledged to reduce spending only down to 2009 levels, when the country was already in deficit and spending was at a high. if the conservatives bar themselves from raising revenue and continue to use the tax code to buy themselves votes, the civil service is the only place left to save money. as a very smart guy, i expect that bob will rattle off the facts and figures and look very credible doing it. 



also, by 2015 the tories will have been in office for nine years, the standard exhaustion point for a government. both mulroney and chretien were done at that point, and trudeau was doing everything he could to postpone the election that would ultimately lead to his defeat. i think that stephen harper knows the history well enough to get the fuck out of dodge and make some money before the next election, leaving a half-wit like kenney as a sacrificial lamb that serves only to burnish his his own legacy, much like mulroney did with kim campbell. 



if the liberals could mange to stop being liberals for three whole years, i think that bob rae has an even chance of beating harper, and could almost sexually humiliate jason kenney, even with a bankrupt and demoralized party. if thomas muclair wins the ndp leadership and takes quebec off of the table for the grits and tories, i think that rae could form at least a minority government. if the ndp falls apart, and rae manages to keep denis coderre in line, the grits could possibly win as many as forty quebec seats and govern with a majority. 



but the liberals can't stop being liberals for three whole minutes, let alone three whole years. as you're already seeing, there are factions of anti-rae chuckleheaded strategists, bloggers and media types that are determined to pound the final nail in the liberal party's coffin if they can't have the liberal party all to themselves. 



they don't care that bob rae is probably the only candidate that can work with the party machinery that the libeals actually have, as opposed to what they wish they had. instead of showing the kind of political discipline the conservatives have always had in getting behind their leader, the grits are flirting with an idiotic american-style primary system that will make getting behind the leader almost impossible, given that party's history. 



bob rae has the best chance of any liberal of beating a unified conservative party since trudeau. but he can't do that if he has to spend his time as opposition leader and a federal election candidate watching his own back. 



rae is alone as a liberal who can beat the tories, but the liberal party is incapable of unity, which is why the 2015 election will almost certainly be their last. if they give the leadership to another amatuer that loses even more seats in the interest of keeping rae's critics happy, they won't survive it. labels: fear and loathing at quuen's park, fun with politics, o canada, rae of light, retarded bloggers and media types, ruination with sephen harper8:31 am






saturday, september 17, 2011





it never ceases to amaze me that people say, do or support catastrophically dumb things and expect them to end up being anything less than catastrophic. my mayor, rob ford, is an object lesson in how this works. 
if you've read this space for any length of time, you know that i've hated ford for years. during last year's campaign, i argued that he was singularly unqualified to run this city and that he would be an unmitigated disaster for conservatism, if only because he isn't especially conservative. he's more of a self-aggrandizing blowhard and a drunken idiot than anything else. 
during his decade on city council, rob didn't do much of anything other than vote no a lot and make a coors lite-fuelled spectacle of himself regularly, which is something that i can do. being something of an elitist, i always endeavour to vote for people that are smarter than i am, which is significantly harder than you would think it is. the mayor has never built or done anything in his life. his money, his business and his original political base were all inheritances from his daddy. the guy was environmentally conditioned to be a monumental shithead. 
more importantly, his entire election platform was built on a shockingly transparent set of lies. he vowed to withdraw from a fully-funded public transit plan called transit city, but would expand subway infrastructure using only magic. actually, that's not entirely true. ford thought that the deficit-laden federal and provincial governments would give him metric shit-tons of money by virtue of the fact that ford is a confrontational prick and a borderline retard. and private business would finance the rest, despite the fact that the very same notion proved to be a spectacular failure on the original sheppard subway line, a decade ago. 
rob further promised to do away with all manner of revenue to the city without cutting services. as a matter of fact, he specifically said that he would expand services where needed. this would be accomplished by cutting things like gardening at nathan phillips square and the hallucination that career politicians would vote themselves into oblivion by reducing the size of council by 50%. 
i spent the better part of a year pointing out that hizzoner's policy positions were silly and that his math didn't work. moreover, his plan was based on such a fantastical notion of how politics works that even toddlers shook their heads at it once it was explained to them. among other things, i said that supporting ford was an act of willful ignorance, and perhaps evidence of a particularly worrisome extra chromosome. but it sure as fuck wasn't an expression of actual conservatism. 
most of my commenters during the campaign were either as cosmically ignorant of the laws of both both politics and mathematics as ford himself is, or they acknowledged that he was lying, but it ultimately wouldn't matter. the voters were of a similar mind, and boy rob won with a margin that seemed to surprise even him. 
being the fan of reality that i am, i decided to sit back and watch the debacle unfold. i may have placed too much faith in the chronically self-interested and genetically defective electorate of this city, but i do understand how politics and, more importantly, math works. 
the brothers ford thought that they could score some easy points a couple of months ago by engaging liberal has-beens like margaret attwood over irrelevant issues like library funding. but times have changed and the math hasn't. so now we're looking at pretty dramatic cuts to things like cops, firefighters and the public transit that ford promised to expand. and the same silly fuckers that supported ford and putting on their outrage helmets. 

one of the biggest polls ever conducted in toronto shows residents from every corner of the city are overwhelmingly against mayor rob ford’s cuts.
 
 

from doug ford’s ward in etobicoke to budget chief mike del grande’s in scarborough, the results will serve as a sobering warning to councillors within the ford voting bloc. 

 

a forum research telephone survey of nearly 13,000 people reveals that more than three-quarters of torontonians want their local councillor to protect services rather than comply with the mayor’s wishes. and only 27 per cent of residents say they would vote for rob ford if an election was held tomorrow. 


 
more significantly, because of the poll’s size, forum was able to provide the first authoritative assessment of support on a ward-by-ward level. 

 

forum’s poll, which was paid for by cupe local 79, one of two major unions at city hall, questioned 12,848 toronto residents on tuesday using a random dial, push-button response, phoning system. the margin of error is plus or minus 0.9 per cent, 19 out 20 times.
say what you will about the poll being paid for by opportunistic communist hacks, but the sample size is stellar and you almost never see a margin of error less than a third of what you usually see. i don't see a professional polling firm putting itself out of business just for a quick paycheck from some gambino family-connected librarians. these are serious numbers that should be taken awfully fucking seriously. 

most importantly, the revolt is coming from the parts of the city that were the more vehement for ford just 11 months ago. the numbers from wards like mine, which went heavily for ford, are staggering and impossible to ignore. once hizzoner loses suburban councillors, he's done.. 

that fat asshole's political base has dropped out from under him. right-leaning councillors now have the choice of either tying themselves to the fucking titanic, or representing the wishes of their own constituents. if i know anything at all about politics, we're about to see the mayor reduced to irrelevancy by his own allies. the much-ballyhooed "gravy train" is getting ready to run right over that stupid motherfucker. 


here's the thing. i don't care all that much about service cuts. but the fact remains that rob ford went out of his way to specifically promise that they wouldn't occur. more importantly, his entire campaign was predicated on just how bad the municipal budget imbalance was, so he can't realistically hide behind the notion that the numbers were a surprise to him. 

the fact is that he was lying, and most semi-reasonable and literate people should have known that. if this were a truly just and equitable world, the wards that supported ford the hardest - like mine - would feel the goddamned axe most viciously. but i think that isn't going to happen, don't we? the coloureds along the finch west and eglinton west corridors are going to get hammerfucked directly into hell, while folks like me are going to get by. they already wait 9 hours for a packed and smelly cattle-car of a bus that seems more like it's going to auschwitz than yonge street, so what difference is an extra twenty minutes going to make?

and no sane person thinks that ford is going to annihilate the downtown wards that opposed him the strongest are going to get hurt, either. shit, the ford boys want to give those marxist dickheads more fucking condominiums and lakeshore shopping malls that no one wants to pay for. 

this isn't a local phenomenon, either. ontario has a provincial election next month, and progressive conservative leader tim hudak, who had a double-digit lead just six weeks ago, is poised to have his ass handed to him by liberal dalton mcguinty, who has only ever been popular with shitheels and pederasts. and even shitheels and pederasts don't like mcguinty that much. they just like him a lot more than they do hudak. 

let's look south of the border for a minute if you're not convinced. take a look at the tea party candidates that actually got elected to positions of adult responsibility, as opposed to the milf brigade of michele bachmann and sarah palin. as i write this, scott walker of wisconsin, john kasich of ohio, and rick scott in florida are all polling behind church burnings. sure, you could argue that they're only polling slightly behind church burnings, but you you can't ignore the fact that the numbers are upside-down in a big, bad way. 

even weapons-grade morons like rick perry aren't immune. perry took steps to inoculate young girls from an entirely preventable cancer and large segments of the modern right are painting him as a straight michael jackson, whimsically dispensing "fuck drugs" to pubescent girls, presumably because he enjoys kidfucking. and that's when they're not running against other applied sciences, like evolution. it's also important to remember that this is the same rick perry that was actually applauded when he said that he "didn't lose sleep" over the possibility of executing an innocent person, mostly because he already has. 

and they're not wrong in doing so. if i had their economic policies, i'd want to distract everyone from them by running against darwin and for cervical cancer as much as i possibly could. the only halfway coherent plan out there is paul ryan's, which immediately increases the deficits that republicans are running against in a big, bad way, and might balance the budget in thirty years, which just happens to be about twenty-five years too late. 

the only thing that has allowed these people to get as far as they have is the fact that liberals are liberals. as such, they never miss an opportunity to miss an opportunity. if they were even halfway smart, they'd do what bill clinton did, which was steal issues from the right and address them in a way that's acceptable to the general electorate. at that point, it's pretty easy to paint your enemies as extremist assholes. 

but even that's beyond the ability of most of the left. dalton mcguinty is the exception in that he's blessed with ineffective and retarded enemies, much like stephen harper. 

but that isn't always going to true, folks. 12:13 pm






wednesday, june 25, 2008



fuck it, i'm gone!you can find me here from now on.labels: life with skippy10:44 am








the passing of greatness: notes on the death of george carlini find that as i get older, things suck more. music sucks, novels suck, politics sucks, and few things suck as much as comedy. i'm a crotchety old man and i'm not even 40 years old yet. but the fact is that none of those things are as good as they were just a twenty years ago.the only thing worse than watching everything suck more and more is watching the masters of those forms grow old and die. we're in an age where we're not just seeing artists go, we're seeing entire art forms go with them.will there ever again be an album as great as exile on main street or highway 61 revisited? how about a novel like lolita? does anyone seriously think that there'll be another president who achieves as much as harry truman or even richard nixon?does anyone think there will ever be another comedian like george carlin?anyone who studies comedy - which really isn't something to studied - will tell you that there's a holy trinity of the form. it consisted of lenny bruce, richard pryor and carlin. anyone who followed them modelled themselves on at least one. as brilliant as he was for about three years, dave chappelle was essentially covering the same ground as pryor thirty years ago. the same is true of lewis black and carlin.what's different is that they don't have the same insight or humanity. when you watch chappelle or black, you'll laugh your ass off, but you don't feel like you would after 90 minutes of bruce, pryor or carlin. you'll laugh a whole lot, but you won't really learn anything. watching the first group, you walked away thinking "i never really thought of that that way before." and that just doesn't happen these days.unlike today's comedians, bruce, pryor and carlin all structured their comedy like music. if you listen to it without paying particular attention to what they're saying, you start to notice little rhythms and counter-rhythms developing. it beautifully built to a point as opposed to race to a punchline, which is what you see all too often now.of the three, carlin was the only one not to destroy himself. in so doing, we got to see that you can take that form of comedy and have it mature with you. unlike george carlin's predecessors from the fifties and early sixties, he wasn't doing the same act into retirement that he started out with.if anything, carlin's humor got much darker as he got older. routines like football and baseball and a place for my stuff were gradually replaced with far more existential riffs that were far more entertaining, at least to me. as much as i appreciated the seven words you can't say on television, i fell in love with the more apocalyptic aspects of his last twenty years.when i was a little kid, my parents were massively pissed that my older cousin introduced me to george carlin. they were even more pissed that i loved his work so much. by the time i was twelve, i could recite several of his albums by heart - not just the material, but all of the breaks and inflections in it, too. that made them truly nuts.but the more he listened, the more my father, at least, understood that carlin was much more than just a guy who said the word "fuck" a lot. nothing that he did was done for the sole purpose of shocking an audience. when he did it, which was often, there was always a larger point to be made. there was a universe of difference between george carlin and an idiot like andrew dice clay. having a point in recent years has been the death of otherwise great comedians. if you look at bill maher and dennis miller, as just two examples, you see how true that is. both have suffered from the syndrome that killed lenny bruce's humor; they wanted to be right more than they wanted to be funny. but bruce had been persecuted to the point that he earned that right. maher and miller just want to please their respective political comrades. consequently, miller has had a string of failed shows and maher isn't far behind. perhaps the greatest tribute to george carlin was on monday's larry king live. some of the biggest names in comedy were on the show, and only one of them, lewis black, has been remotely funny over the last decade. carlin was on stage three times as long as jerry seinfeld, but he always stayed hungry and wanted to always be better at his craft, while seinfeld was happy driving his porsches and making bee cartoons. carlin worked for fifty years. he recorded 23 albums and made 14 hbo specials. he was one of the truly great ones and he will be missedeasy listening recommendation of the day: a legend in my time by: johnny cash from: american v: a hundred highwayspermalinklabels: celebrity skin12:55 am






tuesday, june 24, 2008



when dumb and crazy collidei don't have aby first hand experience, but i'm pretty sure that being accused of rape would suck. that would be doubly true if you're actually not guilty. getting over a rape accusation would be pretty tough, assuming that you're even exonerated in the first place. this isn't a popular thing to say, but just the charge of a sexual assault makes a fair trial very difficult. the charge itself stirs up so many emotions that it can cloud the judgement of otherwise rational people. and no one wants to believe that a woman would make up such a thing. indeed, even if you're one of the few who manages to get acquitted, you still find yourself (pardon the pun) screwed. people will automatically assume that you must have done something to find yourself in a position where you're accused of that. people will always look at you just a little bit differently when they learn of your past brush with the law. it can ruin your life, both professionally and personally.but women sometimes do fabricate a rape charge. in that, it isn't all it different than any other crime. because even real victims frequently wait before reporting an assault, there is often no medical evidence to disprove the charge. in both the courts of law and public opinion, it is a matter of "he said, she said," and most people are naturally inclined to believe the woman.in fact, it's probably more common when a celebrity is involved. some accusers are little more than extortionists, who file a criminal complaint as a way to tee up a lawsuit which will inevitably be settled. and some accusers are just batsht fucking crazy. the fact that there are almost never any consequences for making a false rape accusation only encourages both the extortionists and the insane. at the end of march, poison drummer, rikki rockett, was arrested in los angeles on a mississippi warrant for sexual assault. it was a pretty big story and things certainly looked bleak for young mr. rockett. however, not only was rockett not guilty, he wasn't even in mississippi during the month in question. his exoneration wasn't as heavily covered. it was announced a month ago and i didn't hear about it until this morning at the superficial. if you have as much time on your hands as i do, google "rikki rockett rape case" and you'll find his being cleared .... as the ninth entry. seven of the first eight highlight his arrest. of course, i'd like to congratulate both mr. rockett and everyone in poison, but that's hardly my point in writing this. i always thought that if you were going to accuse a celebrity of doing something horrific that it would be helpful if you could find someone who is still actually famous. seriously, rikki fucking rockett? is it still 1987 and no one told me? if you're going to lie about a rape, why not make it interesting? say that you were gang-banged by rudy sarzo, alec john such and the guy from cinderella! why not go nuts and further state that the whole thing was videotaped by jeff pilson?false rape accusations hurt everyone. the more often they occur, the less likely it is that real victims will be discouraged from reporting real assaults by practioners of hair metal. the saddest part of the rikki rockett rape saga is that it makes it almost impossible for anyone to believe my story about being fingered by lita ford.i'm not saying that it was an assault or even unwanted. in fact, it was rather enjoyable and something that i'd very much like to repeat. i just wish that i could tell the story and not have people roll their eyes at me. because the part about being held down by vixen is really sexy.easy listening recommendation of the day: talk dirty to me by: poison from: look what the cat dragged inpermalinklabels: celebrity skin, i fought the law10:36 am






sunday, june 22, 2008



"destroy another fetus now, we don't like children anyhow"i'd like to describe myself as "pro-choice when it comes to abortion, but i'm not a coward. i'm not afraid to say what i'm for, and that happens to be abortion.no one would describe themselves as being "pro-choice" on, say, civil rights. when was the last time you heard someone say "you know, it would be really nice if black people could vote without being lynched. y'know, unless white people don't want that?"no one is "pro-choice" on guns. you either have that right or you don't. period. the same is true of abortion. if you believe in it, you're not "pro-choice," you're pro-abortion. and if liberals weren't such snivelling little assholes, they'd be proud to say so. when it comes to the rights of the people, there really is no "choice" involved. you either have a right, or you don't.it might not seem like it, but i actually do respect "pro-life" voices. the problem is that most of them are the same kind of cowards that the "pro-choice" idiots are. if you believe that abortion is the murder of another human being, you do not make exceptions for "rape, murder or the life of the mother." if you believe that there are certain classes of expendable human life, then you're no better than a fucking nazi.abortion is not a morally incrementalist argument. it's either murder or it isn't. a fetus is either human life, or it isn't. the only truly immoral voices in the debate are those of the vast middle, the "choice" believers on the left and the "exceptionalists" on the right. what they seek to do is, pardon the pun, split the baby.i disagree with pro-life absolutists with every fibre of my being, but i can at least respect them for being honest. i can't say that for everyone else who isn't me. if you argue that "rape, incest and the life of the mother" are incremental steps in banning abortion outright, you might be the most immoral people of all. you are, by your own definition, willing to sacrifice innocent life for decades until you achieve some far away goal. those terrorist assholes who bomb abortion clinics are more morally honest than you are, and you should be ashamed of yourselves for even suggesting that in public.i happen to believe that if you can't prove that a fetus is human life beyond any legally definable doubt, then you should cede the choice of what to do with that mass of cells that will someday drop out of college to the person carrying them in their bloated bellies. that's just how i roll.i have a very difficult time reconciling the belief that "the right of the people to be secure in their persons, houses, papers, and effects ... shall not be violated, but upon probable cause, supported by oath or affirmation" has any exceptions. if anything, the freedom of a woman's uterus from government interference is much more important than, say, your collection of sawed-off shotguns and internet porn. my position on abortion rests on the foundation of security of the person, particularly the one that everyone can actually agree is a person. without the security of the person, all other rights are essentially meaningless.if i have a problem with roe v. wade, it is that justice blackmun's reasoning is almost incomprehensible. if i were to write that decision, it would be all of two sentences long. it would read "the second, third, fourth, fifth and ninth amendments to the constitution, taken as a whole, clearly establish a right to personal privacy. fucking deal with it."even as strident a pro-life voice as justice antonin scalia has said that there is nothing in the constitution that prohibits abortion. whenever i see a doubt as to what the constitution says, i feel compelled to side with the individual over the state, which the ninth amendment does, too.instead, blackmun wrote an incredibly muddled opinion that has only served to make the united states the political laughingstock of the world. even the people of a backward country like ireland, that bans abortion totally, laugh their asses off watching american politicians obsess over an issue than effects a grand total of one (depending on your definition of "life") person.widely ignored is the fact that roe was the least important of two abortion decisions from the 1973 term. the real ground breaker was doe v. bolton. even if roe was overturned, it wouldn't affect doe, which established access to abortion.as a canadian, none of that matters to me particularly. canada is alone in the industrialized world in having no abortion law whatsoever. this was a consequence of dr. henry morgentaler, dr. leslie frank smoling and dr. robert scott v. her majesty the queen, in which the court found that the federal law violated the "security of the person" provision of the charter of rights and freedoms.after morgentaler, there was almost no constitutional foundation upon which to write a new, restrictive law. also, the politics were horrible. just mentioning abortion in the context of an election campaign is a good way for a political party to get dead fast.it should be noted that unlike the united states, all criminal law is by definition, the jurisdiction of the federal government under the criminal code of canada. one of the most important parts of morgentaler v. her majesty, the queen was the finding the provinces cannot pass abortion laws on their own.amazingly, canada has been an abortion law-free kingdom of tranquility and happiness ever since.of course, that doesn't stop the jackals in the goddamn liberal media from polling us on abortion.the poll by angus-reid - a firm that i have found to be traditionally unreliable - finds that 91% of canadian support abortion rights to one degree or another. that isn't hugely surprising. what does shock me is what happens to the numbers when you add public funding to the equation.when it comes to funding abortions, though, there is not the same level of support.the same poll found 44% of respondents thought the public purse should only pay for abortions that were medical emergencies.four percent think the health-care system should never fund abortions.egan said the numbers surprised her, but that they may not truly reflect people's thoughts on the issue.she said many younger women, low-income women and women from rural areas could not afford abortions if they had to pay for them themselves, and so if the public system didn't pay for their procedures, it would amount to discrimination. firstly, the canada heath act (socialized medicine to my american readers) doesn't, despite the best efforts of a bunch of liberal cocksuckers, doesn't deny treatment for maladies incurred by bad behaviour. those leftist assholes would love to deny me coverage for my eventual cancer and heart disease because i love smoking more than anything in the world.furthermore, the taxes i pay on my cigarettes are, according to my government, supporting the fucking system in the first place. as i remember it, that's the justification for tobacco taxes in the first place. should i demand that those taxes only pay the costs of smoking-related illness? how would all of canada's remaining stupid motherfuckers react to that?and what about all of those fatasses out there. mcdonald's kills almost as many people as imperial tobacco does! why are those sloppy, sweaty fuckers getting off so easily?what said leftist assholes overlook is that most health maladies are the result of bad behaviour. when i first had this argument with a professor in college, i used the example of hiv/aids, perhaps the most preventable disease in north america after 1984. that didn't go over very well because liberals don't want to say that anything bad that happens to homosexuals might be a result of behaviour.making moral distinctions regarding care under a universal health care system would indeed be discriminatory. if you won't pay for a woman's abortion, why should i pay for her retard kid? abortion is a one time payment of about three hundred bucks. retards cost a fortune over their lifetime in health care benefits. that's to say nothing about the cost of their education. them floppy-headed fuckers are expensive, and as a fiscal conservative, i object to footing the bill when an alternative exists.like it or not, canadians have decided that health care is a right. through our courts, we have also decided that abortion is a right. furthermore, anything that involves sticking things into a woman's uterus that isn't me is by definition a health-related matter.if nothing else, abortion and emphysema are at least fun-related conditions. someone had a good time getting that way. but the 50% of you assholes who are body-surfing your way to type 2 diabetes on a wave of fucking cheeseburgers and pancakes stuffed with chocolate and peanut butter are the last people who should bitch about funding abortions with your precious health care dollars.yet you fat, moralistic motherfuckers are going to be the first ones in my wallet when you have your fucking feet cut off, aren't you?let me get this straight, my tax dollars are only supposed to encourage certain kinds of behaviour and not others? encouraging a girl to be a filthy little whore who needs it bareback is wrong because it costs a few hundred bucks, but holding a parade for you assholes who eat an entire pig for dessert because the fucking cow wasn't filling enough is right because you have a glandular problem is compassionate?if that's true, fuck you and fuck canada. i hope the goddamn terrorists win. at least they'll be more honest than you are.everybody in this fucking country is an asshole but me.thank you for your attention.easy listening recommendation of the day: the future by: leonard cohen from: the futurepermalinklabels: i fought the law, journalists are swine, o canada, the department of professional outrage12:40 pm
















skippy's greatest hits





email skippy! skippystalin@gmail.com




retard cage match of the doomed: the sad saga of the 2005/06 canadian federal election - november 26, 2005 - january 24, 2006

tyson tv: all mike, all the time

the ballad of captain geography

the madness of mayor mel

i told her i love her and she said "que?"

the skippystalin lecture series, part one: lessons of a shithead cyrano

the skippystalin lecture series, part two: the cunnilingus chronichles

uday, we hardly knew ye

california tumbles into the sea

terminating government

arnold uber alles

waiting for gaiman

in the realm of the gaiman fan

"they're selling postcards of the hanging / they're painting the passports brown" - notes from the ritual suicide of the progressive conservative movement in ontario

 my dinner with dr. reverend

skippy's protection for pornography week proclomation

skippy for president

some girls give me knighthoods i never asked them for

richard nixon died for your (explative deleted) sins

mr. & mrs. bloody diapers, bob dylan & the unbearable gayness of skippy

give me a leonard cohen afterworld : thoughts on kurt cobain, ten years gone

george w. bush and me

the passion of carl bernstein

adventures in loss prevention: mind your own mongloid

"welcome to canada. now show us your tits!"

these things i believe: gay marriage and the future of american law

retail politics, wholesale horseshit

george w. bush: last of the big government liberals

getting serious about islamist terrorism

death smells sweetest in the fall: a timely obituary for the candidacy of john forbes kerry, esquire

the dumbest songs ever: "do they know it's christmas"

a love letter to michelle, driver of the 9:10pm rocket bus from scarborough town center to don mills station

how to get ahead in terrorism without even trying

breaking with history: bush's second inaugaral address

some kind of monster

"the doctor will see you now:" kevin white has the greatest bedside manner ever!

the house that hunter built

a quiet, peaceful life: a portrait in 24 hours

in praise of paris hilton

just you and me, punk rock girl

who's afraid of w. axl rose?

 the girls of porn: part one: nikita denise , getting fucked by porn stars: not always as much fun as you'd think , part two: silvia saint, jenna jameson is braver than you are,  part three: inari vachs , obituary edition:anna malle , special report: mimi miyagi and the parliament of whores

mass transit performance art

the adventures of zanta

terri schiavo and political hypocracy

come to me, my karly-curls

skippy and scalia: the tale of a great friendship

how the republican party found god and lost its soul

running on the grave of terri schiavo: not just for republicans anymore

deep throat, watergate and the legacy of richard nixon

in canada, you've never really "done your time"

the revenge of lbj updated november 27, 2005

 on l. cohen, swindled and bankrupt: a cautionary tale

dinner is served: thoughts on jessica alba

your own personal jesus

 using pakistani domestic policy to flirt

in the court of the maximum leader

sex offender registries and stupidity

most people are wrong: why angelina jolie is a much better wife than jennifer anniston

death of a ladies man: martinis, tranquilizers & wife beating - the decline & fall of rene levesque

new jersey, home of the sexy

on the smell of victory...among oter things

free at last, free at last, good god almighty, i am free at last

okay, but hardly lawsuit worthy: the litigious tits of jennifer anniston

justice for karly-curls

fuck the children, fuck those needle-dicked, non-smoking cocksuckers, and if you disagree with me, fuck you, too!

the greatest story ever told,and part two

 speaking words of wisdom: jessica alba's ass

jessica simpson discusses her tits, nick lachey unable to stop weeping

a nuclear iran: let's start thinking like rational adults, shall we?

no means no, you bitch!

confessions of a tobacco fiend

behold the magic wand! fear the magic wand!

me learn good, part 1 part two part three

get your wings

hymen love with you

scott stapp must die

wherein the birthday boy is challenged

won't you take me to catholic town

fuck texas

love letters from rummy

whereupon terrorist threats are made upon poetry magazine

evangeline lilly is a delusional pain in the ass and should be beheaded soon

the greatest conspiracy story ever told

she come 'round here, just about midnight

sean connery smacks his bitch up

"you should see my home. it's.....so nice

lifestyle columnists aren't very smart

susan sarandon is a liberal loudmouth, also has spectacular knockers

skippystalin: international criminal extradionaire, the further adventures of fast johnny fuckhead , i'll make you famous: the new adventures of crazy johnny arkle

thoughts on i'm not a feminist, but... 

notes on the great retard smoking debate

valerie gibson and i finally agree: children are evil and have more fun than either of us

"i don't know but i've been told / recruiting's gotten awfully bold"

he's just not that into you

why elvis is still the king

gullible's travels

who's the better boyfriend? part one: zacarias moussaoui,  part two: roy cohn

good to see that worked out: thoughts on middle east democracy

the neverending story of pamela anderson & tommy lee

the world isn't fair: on hot, blonde supermodels and the trolls who eat them out in public , victoria silvstedt, the lord, and the mysterious ways thereof

requiem for a heavyweight: on the late, great rob smith

from the department of sexy secrets revealed: regis philbin edition

is bill clinton a fairy or just an asshole?

building a better broad

oh, grow the fuck up, you fucking babies

big ones, little ones ... everyone loves boobies

titanic titties top terror

from the department of behaviour modification

dildos can be dangerous

"and i know no one can sing the blues like blind willie mctell"

when keeping it real goes wrong

g.g. allin and the meaning of life

is karl rove finished?

leave my porno slut alone , destroying the villiage to save it

lindsay lohan and the importance of role models

let's get kinky!

dear mr. president, go fuck yourself

he's not that innocent: the devil & mikhail sergeyevich

full of cum, full of dumb: the ballad of belinda stronach

let's hear it for the boy: mark foley & the meaning of love

bill donohue and the interesting logic of the catholic league

the greatest american hero: mouhammed shaukat, soldier of freedom

remember her voice: a plea to support the memory of iris chang, 1968-2004

robert redford & the infamous mr. ed

screeched: dustin diamond is ready for his close-up

in my father's house

postcards of the hanging: the softer side of saddam

new model # 15: the unquiet love life of marilyn manson

kim kardashian and the color of love

gavin newsom is on fucking fire!

assissted suicide for the mentally ill: not as crazy as you'd think

the sad life and death of a centerfold

getting obama

lisa marie nowak wants to know what love is

stem cells: now with new and improved tits!

locking up the toybox: the sad, strange saga of williams v. attorney general of alabama

"hurt him? it damn near rectum!:" an asshole adventure in a loser's life

"with a head full of snow:" keith richards & the meaning of father's day

any way you cut it, i'm fucked: sikhism & skippy

the devil, daniel johnston, dr. reverend & me

the people vs. paris hilton

lindsay lohan is the greatest american ever!

making a run for the border: why comprehensive immigration reform is unmitigated bullshit

on richard russell, curiously remembered

the decline & fall of katie couric

if i was peter north

the greatest song ever

getting sober the right way

constitutional law in theory and practice through the eyes of an idiot

chuck schumer is a dick!

give me your poor, your tired, your huddled leftist shitheads, yearning to annoy me

the poontang primary

jim crow for thee but not for me: barack obama & gay marriage

dickhead revisited: rudolph giuliani & ground zero

the adventures of michael vick: part one, part two, part three,part four

mr. rove? he dead.

 alberto gonzales wants to kill you quickly

love: with jelly or without jelly

the adventures of larry craig: part one, part two,  part three, part four, part five

george w. bush through the eyes of karl rove

when children attack: pre-teen wasteland edition

chris crocker is scarier than osama bin laden

the ninth circut court of appeals said no, no, no

james woods is everywhere!

your southern can is mine: reflections on the meg white fuck tape

on a classiness scale of one to ten: rudy giuliani is a 9/11!, part two

on budget surpluses, debt, tax cuts and the continuing idiocy of the toronto sun

stephane dion is fucked, liberal party of canada .... fuckeder

laugh, i nearly died: ronnie wood had fun

on howard hampton, "happy warriors" & the coming death of democracy

comparative history class

the decline & fall of john tory

stephen harper's best friend: how i learned to stop worrying and love jean chretien's memoirs

because he's slash, kids. because he's slash

the bush doctrine in theory & practice: kurdistan edition

the unelected majority & the absence of opposition

canada: where you have the right to remain silent ... until you don't

the ballad of rudy & bernie

vanity's end: when hot girls find jesus & the heroin diaries

rudy's other strange relationship: why being endorsed by pat robertson isn't a particularly good idea

if the leg fits:heather mills is having a funny divorce

giving thanks for the amy fisher fuck tape & what it can teach ladies about the making of love

they come from the land of the ice and snow and they won't go back: the return of pagey, percy & whatshisname

whereupon skippy falls in love again: south asian edition

pimp my faith: mitt romney gets his god on

for the love of god: the lonely death of aqsa parvez

hey joe, where you goin' with that gun in your hand?





what's skippy reading?






state of war: the secret history of the cia and the bush administration          by james risen finished, thursday 19 january 2006


a simple twist of fate: bob dylan and the making of blood on the tracks                by andy gill and kevin odegard finished, 23 january 2006


grits: an intimate portrait of the liberal party               by christina mccall-newman finished, 17 march 2006


running the world: the inside story of the national security council and the architechts of american power             by david rothkopf finished, 6 april 2006


strategery: how george w. bush is defeating terrorists, outwitting democrats and confounding the mainstream media                        by bill sammon finished, may 10, 2006


george wallace: american populist                 by stephan lesher finished, june 15, 2006


secrets of the kingdom: the inside story of the saudi - u.s connection               by gerald posner finished, june 20, 2006


soldiers of god: with islamic warriors in afghanistan and pakistan             by robert d. kaplan finished, june 27, 2006


before the storm: barry goldwater and the unmaking of the american consensus         by rick perlstien finished, july 4, 2006


flawed giant: lyndon johnson and his times 1961-1973            by robert dallek finished, august 10, 2006


bush's brain: how karl rove made george w. bush presidential      by james moore and wayne slater finished, october 7, 2006


the fall of baghdad         by jon lee anderson  finished, october 31, 2006


the way it works: inside ottawa   by eddie goldenberg    finished, november 12, 2006


child of god  by cormac mccarthy    finished, november 18, 2006


right side up: the fall of paul martin and the rise of stephen harper's new conservatism   by paul wells finished, december 8, 2006


the private life of chairman mao    by dr. li zhisui, translation by tai hung chao    finished, december 14, 2006


exile on main street: a season in hell with the rolling stones      by: robert greenfeild finished, february 21, 2007


"work hard, study ... and keep out of politics!" adventures and lessons from an unexpected public life    by: james a. baker, iii with steve fiffer  finished, march 7, 2007


supreme conflict: the inside story of the struggle for control of the united states supreme court     by jan crawford greenburg   finished, march 14, 2007


imperial life in the emerald city: life inside iraq's green zone      by: rajiv chandransekaran    finished march 18, 2007


memories of my melancholy whores    by: gabriel garcia marquez  finished, march 21, 2007


guests of the ayatollah: the first battle in america's war with militant islam  by: mark bowden   finished, april 4, 2007


screwjack   by: hunter s. thompson     finished, april 19, 2007


state of denial: bush at war, part iii       by: bob woodward    finished, april 22, 2007


31 days: gerald ford, the nixon pardon, and a government in crisis    by: barry werth   finished, may 6, 2007


at the center of the storm: my years at the cia       by: george tenent with bill harlow   finished, may 28, 2007


no excuses: concessions of a serial campaigner        by: robert shrum       finished: july 1, 2007


chief of staff: lyndon johnson and his presidency      by: w. marvin watson with sherwin markmarn finished: july 12, 2007


nixon and kissinger: partners in power         by: robert dalleck   finished: july 17, 2007


1912: wilson, roosevelt, taft & debs - the election that changed the country     by: james chace finished: august 5, 2007


becoming justice blackmun: harry blackmun's supreme court journey   by: linda greenhouse  finished: august 20, 2007


president reagan: the triumph of imagination     by: richard reeves  finished: september 20, 2007


dead certain: the presidency of george w. bush  by: robert draper     finished: october 1, 2007


harper's team: behind the scenes in the conservative rise to power    by: tom flanagan   finished: october 9, 2007


full circle: death and resurrection in canadian conservative politics   by: bob plamondon    finished: october 17, 2007


my years as prime minister   by: jean chretien   finished: october 23, 2007


the thumpin': how rahm emanuel and the democrats learned to be ruthless and ended the republican revolution   by: naftali bendavid  finished: october 25, 2007


not a suicide pact: the constitution in a time of national emergency    by: richard a. posner    finished, october 29, 2007


slash    by: slash and anthony bozza    finished: november 1, 2007


the heroin diaries: a year in the life of a shattered rock star    by: nikki sixx and ian gittin   finished: november 2, 2007


clapton: the autobiography    by: eric clapton   finished: november 5, 2007


rise of the vulcans: the history of bush's war cabinet    by: james mann  finished: november 13, 2007


miami and the siege of chicago: an informal history of the american political conventions of 1968   by: norman mailer finished: november 15, 2007


memoirs: 1939-1993   by: brian mulroney    finished: december 3,2007


peace kills: america's fun new imperalism   by: p.j o'rourke    finished: december 4, 2007


the looming tower: al-qaeda and the road to 9/11   by: lawrence wright   finished: december 11, 2007


the one percent doctrine: deep inside america's pursuit of its enemies since 9/11   by: ron suskind     finished: december 19, 2007


cheney: the untold story of america's most powerful and controversial vice president  by: stephen f. hayes    finished: december 25, 2007


when trumpets call: theodore roosevelt after the white house  by: patricia o'toole  finished: january 1, 2008


america's first dynasty: the adamses, 1735-1918   by: richard brookhiser  finished:january 7, 2008


the road   by: cormac mccarthy  finished: january 9, 2008


the conviction of richard nixon: the untold story of the frost/nixon interviews    by: james reston, jr.   finished" january 11, 2008


write it when i'm gone: remarkable off-the-record conversations with gerald r. ford   by: thomas m. defrank   finished: january 15, 2008


the bush tragedy   by: jacob weisberg    finished: january 18, 2008


when all you have is hope  by: frank o'dea  with john lawrence reynolds   finished: january 21, 2008


confessions of a political hitman: my secret life of scandal, corruption, hypocrisy and dirty tricks that decide who gets elected (and who doesn't)  by: stephen marks  finished: february 8, 2008


the nine: inside the secret world of the supreme court   by: jeffery toobin   finished, february 18, 2008


the architect: karl rove and the dream of absolute power   by: james moore and wayne slater   finished, february 21, 2008


team of rivals: the political genius of abraham lincoln   by: doris kerns goodwin  finished, february 26, 2008


post office     by: charles bukowski  finished: march 6, 2008


factotum  by: charles bukowski  finished: march 7, 2008


women   by: charles bukowski   finished: march 10, 2008


queer  by: william s. burroughs  finished: march 12, 2008


to live's to fly: the ballad of the late, great townes van zant   by: john kruth  finished: march 17, 2008


twenty thousand roads: the ballad of gram parsons and his cosmic american music    by: david n. meyer   finished: march 24, 2008


w.a.r: the unauthorized biography of william axl rose  by: mick wall  finished: april 4, 2008


deception: pakistan, the united states, and the secret trade in nuclear weapons      by: adrian levy & catherine scott-clark   finished: april 21, 2008


the assassins' gate: america in iraq   by: george packer   finished: may 5, 2008


worse than watergate: the secret presidency of george w. bush   by: john w. dean   finished: may 7, 2008


clinton in exile: a president out of the white house    by: carol felenthal     finished: may 12, 2008


nixonland: the rise of a president and the fracturing of america   by: rick perlstein  finished: june 2, 2008


infidel   by: ayaan hirsi ali  finished: june 11, 2008


the people's machine: arnold schwarzenegger and the rise of blockbuster democracy   by: joe mathews  finished: june 20, 2008


the strong man: john mitchell and the secrets of watergate   by: james rosen  finished: june 30, 2008


american spy: my secret history in the cia, watergate & beyond   by: e. howard hunt w/ greg aunuapu  finished: july 4, 2008


legacy of ashes: the history of the cia   by: tim weiner  finished: july 16, 2008


the prosecution of george w. bush for murder   by: vincent bugliosi  finished: july 21, 2008


war by other means: an insider's account of the war on terror    by: john yoo finished: july 25, 2008


your government failed you: breaking the cycle of national security disasters  by: richard a. clarke  finished: july 31, 2008


the persian puzzle: the conflict between iran and america   by: kenneth m. pollack finished: august 13, 2008


the human factor: inside the cia's dysfunctional intelligence culture    by: ishmael jones finished: august 19, 2008


havana nocturne: how the mob owned cuba ... and then lost it to the revolution   by: t.j enjlish finished: august 25, 2008


descent into chaos: the united states and the failure of nation building in pakistan, afghanistan and central asia    by: ahmed rashid   finished: sepember 9, 2008


the case against the general: manuel noriega and the politics of american justice    by: steve albert   finished: september 25, 2008


condolezza rice: an american life   by: elisabeth bumiller  finished: october 10, 2008


presidential courage: brave leaders and how they changed america, 1789-1989  michael beschloss  finished: october 13, 2008










what people are saying about skippy







"hands down, canada's most underrated blog" damian penny, the undisputed dean of canadian political bloggers. posted at daimnation ,  saturday october 21, 2006


"you can count on “skippy” to make you think in different ways about familiar issues. you can also depend on him to be rude, offensive, and outrageous – if you're offended by completely uninhibited sexual imagery (and imagination!), don't read skippy – but your prudery will keep you from an often interesting perspective." posted on: jamulblog, july 12, 2007


"your maximum leader is beginning to think that the less he posts, the better skippy’s political posts are. indeed, your maximum leader even thought (just a few short moments ago) that if your maximum leader just stopped blogging all together would skippy just keep on writing enough good material for two blogs? (admittedly one of those blogs would be an x-rated social commentary/diary site and the second a remarkably well-informed and insightful political commentary site…)" posted on: naked villainy, september 18, 2007





"i love your writing. few could pull off sarcastic humor and self-loathing like you do. you've turned self-disgust 

into an art form." posted by:ophelia july 19, 2003 


"hahaha um, not funny" posted by: ophelia july 17, 2003


"this is not fucking funny." posted by: bee august 21, 2003


"i join bee in saying that this isn''t funny at all. jesus christ, skippy." posted by: ophelia august 23, 

2003


"you are obiviously being kept down by the mud people." posted by: drreverend august 21, 2003


"i''ll give you $50.00 if you kill yourself." posted by: drreverend august 19, 2003


"last time i read this blog." posted by: dave, october 24, 2003 


"i think you should stop talking about killing yourself and actually kill yourself. for fuck's sake, everybody is 

tired of hearing about how you might, just do it or face the fact that you are too pathetic to even kill yourself." 

 posted by: a caring guy, october 25, 2003


"if joey ramone were alive today he'd probably shit in your mouth." posted by: drreverend november 11, 


"when you're good, you're good. when you're bad, you're even better. see you in hell." posted by: anna 

november 11, 2003 


"skippy, if you can prove to me that giving head and swallowing will without a doubt keep lung cancer and heart 

disease at bay, you've earned yourself a bj." posted by: mary magdalicious, december 5, 2003


"wow...you know nothing about politics." posted dr. reverend, december 26, 2003 


"you are a dick and should think seriously about killing your stupid blog - go get a job, you big fag"posted 

by: princess paragonian, december 29, 2003 


"you have a, how shall i say.... appealing 'tough', yet gently gay look." (univited pm) posted 

by:jus20012002, january 2, 2004 .


"i hope jesus doesn't kick you in the nuts."posted by: mary magdalicious february 2, 2004


"stumbled on to your blog by accident and i must say alot of the stuff had me in stitches. love it" posted 

by:jeremy february 4, 2004


 " .....sick."posted by: bee february 7, 2004 


"hey skippy, you ever consider running for public office in the states? i know some people in the west virginia state 

government and our senator can't live forever.hell, even strom, thomas-jefferson-fan, thurmond died 

eventually.posted by: ford w. mavrick, february 9, 2004


wow, for someone who is so opinionated, you really don't know shit about american or canadian culture. you appear to 

know even less about history." posted by: dr. reverend february 13, 2004


"your blog's the best i have come across in a long time. i may not agree with all you say but the verve with which 

you say it and the humour and irreverance is terrific. these days when the media just reproduces the handout from central 

control, blogs like yours do a great deal to form informed opinion in a democratic society. thanks. keep it up." 

posted by:anandan february 13, 2004 


"skippy pities me? where's my noose?" posted by: kilgore trout march 22, 2004


"jesus skippy. now allah is going to kick you in the nuts" posted by: mary magdalicious march 22, 2004


"i could make one that says "skippy has a small penis" although his cock is superb. posted by: bestest pussy march 23,2004


"cunt sucking is for bitches.you're considered one of the girls because you dress like one. posted by: dr. reverend march 24, 2004


"john malkovich is one sexy bastard. i have such a thing for him. and i never realized til now, skippy, how much you resemble john malkovich...this, by default, makes you also one sexy bastard. see how that works?" posted by: zombie  march, 26, 2004


"too bad you live up north. it could have been beautiful.

ever since i started coming here and saw your pic i wondered why you weren't getting more action. you are not a bad looking guy at all.

maybe the girls are just...well, that's enough kindness for one day." posted by: serenity march 26, 2004


"hell, if they make gay marriage legal, i'll    marry you..." posted by: outpatient march 26, 2004


"you look creepier than the rem faggot. but he looks much more like a homersexual." posted by: dr. reverend march 27, 2004


"purge trifecta. when all others make you wonder where the content gods reside, check here:  chaotic not random and  happy furry puppy story time with norbizness and enjoy every sandwich. these guys write their balls off." ruthlessly stolen from primal purge march 26, 2004


"skippy, your hits will go up again if you post pictures of your man nipples. lots of man nips." posted by: mary magdalicious april 15, 2004


"what the fuck? you turning faggot? posted by: dr. reverend april 16, 2004


"sometimes it gets to be just a little too much. sharing, that is." posted by: bee may 23, 2004


"i'll give you $5.00 if you make the fucking font you use on your blog bigger.

i'll give you $50.00 if you stop fucking writing about american politics.

i'll give you $500.00 if you fucking kill youself." posted by: dr. reverend may 26, 2004


"of course women like jerks.
why the fuck do you think they like me?
i guess you've learned nothing from me over all these years." posted by: dr. reverend may 29, 2004


"sometimes a bitch just has to die." posted by: ford w. maverick may 29, 2004


"it looks like we have more in common than the swastikas carved in our foreheads."posted by: dr. reverend may 29, 2004


"this might be a shallow and 'waiting-for-godot-like' comment but...you seem to have not only brains but also beauty." posted by: nietzscheswife june 7, 2004


"skippy, you are such a twisted bastard. seriously. why haven't we had sex yet?"posted by: 0phelia june 25, 2004


"just found your site. i find some of the things you say quite disgusting. and really quite enjoyable,so keep up the good work."posted by: big al june 28, 2004


"i've read most of your blog. i'd say that so far it's the best i've come across, and believe me, i've seen a few. it's funny, well written (except for the spelling...) and interesting. there will always be those few idiots who just don't get it. it's useless to get worked up about it." posted by: johnny june 30, 2004


"skippy... go for the facial tattoo. i dig em', and fuck what those other bitches think. you can always bite their tits off if they back talk you." posted by: mary magdalicious july 1, 2004


"go fuck yourself up your butt." posted by: reek stankleberry july 6, 2004


"well if ass-fucking won't keep satan away, i just don't know what will." posted by: dr. reverend july 7, 2004


"dude, you're killing me. keep it up." posted by: son of nixon july 22, 2004


"are you always either naked or in a suit?" posted by: rehella july 22, 2004


"that person should speak for himself or herself. 'cause you really are that much of a cunt, skippy." posted by: kilgore trout august 4, 2004


"i've read you for a long time but have never commented before. that isn't a slight to your great writing ability, it's mainly because i don't want to be seen here!" posted by: paul august 4, 2004


" dead on. bulls-eye. i take back what i said about you being a cunt. for now." posted by: kilgore trout august 4, 2004


"know what, skippy? you're alright." posted by: anna august 18, 2004


"excellent work. damn you for being so dead on." posted by: the maximum leader august 24, 2004


"skippy, fuck the puppy idea. try getting a monkey that smokes. that will get you laid." posted by: mary magdalicious august 27, 2004


"as to the beard - i like the clean shaven better - and what's wrong with a bald head?  bald heads are hot on some guys - unfortunately most can't pull it off  * sigh *  you look like you can pull it off though and that's a good thing - not a bad. 

btw, love your blog. i saw it in my referrers and thought it was just a random hit. then i started reading and found you to be hilarious - it was only after about 10 posts that i noticed you linked me. i was more than flattered - linked by someone i was about to link anyway - awesome. thanks" posted by: kinky august 27, 2004


"fuckin' goy bastard." posted by: dr reverend december 19,2004


"who does a guy have to sleep with to get one of his skippy quotes pasted to the sidebar?

great googly-moogly." posted by: smallholder december 20, 2004


"are you a child molester or what's the story?" posted by: fukinator, december 28, 2004 


"sick dude." posted by: dcayer december 29, 2004


"you officially suck." posted by: sorry, january 22, 2005


"i heart you, skippy" posted by: karinsky, january 25, 2005 


"as i've stated before, you were quite skilled in bed and i had no need to fake any of my multiple orgasms." posted by: 0phelia, june 30, 2005


"i love skippy. i swear i do. the only blogger more twisted than me." posted on: velociworld, july 26, 2005


" you are so fucking ignorant about america. and while the american people are stupid, so are you." posted by: bill lassiter, august 2, 2005


 "how can you not love a man who hates himself so viciously?" posted on: it's all about de,  august 31, 2005


 "if i wasn't positive that all canadian men had tiny penises, i'd be all over that skippy." posted on: it's all about de


 "i've seen pictures of you and i'd say you're fuckable." posted by: joan, september 29, 2005


" i love your posts on canadian politics even more than i love your posts on porn. 

and i love your porn posts.

why the hell do you waste all this talent on the internet? write a book or something, goddammit! posted by: cliff s., november 17, 2005



"let it never be said that underneath your self-cavilling, bitter (yet strangely egomaniacal) surface that you never take the time to give the people what they want. even if it's just one people. gawd bless you, skippy! posted by: locke, november 18, 2005


"wow! i don't know that i've ever been flattered and yet somewhat revolted at the same time... it's an interesting sensation." posted by: dewey in toronto, december 1, 2005


"very often, debating you is like playing whack a mole: you pop up some premised assertion moles, i pull out my mallet and start whacking, then you pop up more premised assertion moles - which are mostly or completely unrelated to the original moles i was whacking at. your stock of moles seemingly stretches into infinity. and yet, an endless supply of moles does not equate to cogent argument.


very often, debating you is like speaking to a salesman who will not answer a particular direct question, and instead flies off on the flight of rhetorical splendor known as "baffling them with bullshit." i'm impressed with your rhetorical skills, and your iq, and your accumulation of knowledge. i'm impressed that i'm the american citizen, yet you might have a more thorough knowledge of the american constitution than i. and yet, these impressive things are not substitutes for cogent argument."posted by; gcotharn, december 21, 2005


"besides, you seem to think you're the least respectable person i know. while you're often right, you're wrong on that count. careful, i might out you as a nice guy. or something." posted by: dewey in toronto, december 27, 2005


"i've been to toronto. the most dangerous thing i saw there was an 11 foot tall red head with shaved balls."posted by: judy, december 31, 2005


"there was this "caught on tape!" video i watched back in my highschool days where one of the scenes shows two people starting to cross the railroad tracks. one looks up at the last minute and sees the train, the other does not. in the commercial, it cuts away just before the train does its thing, but the video...


your blog is like a twisted version of the video. we know the train is going liquify you in shocking gory fashion, but that's why we keep coming back. it's so much more fun that we both know the train is coming and you still gleefully walk into its path...and we love you all the more for it." posted by:locke, january 13, 2006



"fuck. i'm hooked." posted by: deanna, january 14, 2006


"your maximum leader has found skippy's commentary more insightful and interesting than anyone elses. so now he supposes that skippy will go back to writing about porn and strippers he meets in the subway." posted by: the maximum leader on  naked villainy january 24, 2006


"slightly crazed is fine, but with the beard you look like a total nutjob. if you ever hope to get laid again, for fuck's sake, skippy, never, ever grow a saddam beard. you're welcome."posted by: the lady o, 28 january, 2006


"maybe we should get married. my readers could support us by purchasing my worn panties and you could be the panty pimp." posted by; joan 28 january 2006


" i know it must be hard for you...being objectified by women all the time. but come on, how can they really help themselves? have you seen yourself lately? your pheramones preceed you into a room (as does your crotch). don't blame it all on them...you did choose to leave your house. :d" posted by: joan, 3 february, 2006


"skippy, you sarcastic twerp." posted by: arwen, 8 february 2006


"just so you know.. if i had to choose between moussaoui or skippy.. you'd win. even if i know what an asshole you are. posted by; judy, 13 february 2006


"i'd be willing to sign a legal document stating that is is ok, in fact, to masturbate whilst thinking of me." posted by: deanna (who seems unaware of my reputation as an outlaw)         february 24, 2006


"feel free to masturbate while thinking of me...actually, do you need some of my panties to help you with that?" posted by: joan, february 24, 2006


"i blame myself for this. i have been too lenient with you. your godless behaviour must come to an end. you will receive a severe beating this weekend and i am contemplating removing your testicles." posted by: dr. reverend, february 24, 2006


"just remember skippy, the us never threw a fit when you smuggled your own personal wmd over the border twice a year. after all, it wasn't like you were hiding in your pants or anything.
all's fair in love and war, so to speak." posted by: judy, april 4, 2006


"wow...nothing hotter than a man willing to issue fatwas for pussy." posted by: joan, april 16, 2006


"you sir, are a brilliant writer." posted by: judy, may 4, 2006


"i think i'm falling in love." posted by: deanna, may 11, 2006


"this is the most diabolical falsity you have ever engaged in!!!!

i was intending to kick you in the face upon our next meeting, but now it's obvious that i must douse your scrotum in kerosene and set your testicles aflame. alas, it is the only way you will learn." posted by: dr. reverend, may 12, 2006


"and i would like to commend you on some excellent blogging. this particular story would normally warrant a few cryptically humorous lines and a link. to an ordinary blogger. but you managed to wring an essay of new yorker-esque proportions out of it. that takes talent. your beautiful young friend is right. i see big things for you in the future." posted by: annika, june 4, 2006


" i like a man who will unabashedly tell someone his penis size because hes unashamed. thats hot. 

*raises hand* i'll take that 6.5, thank ya" posted by: kinky, june 6,  2006


"elvis, like skippy, is the very definition of rock and roll. posted by: rube, june 10, 2006


" i'm beginning to think you're the only good man left in the world, skippy. wtf?" posted by: by: deanns, june 11, 2006


"just so everyone knows.

skippy does indeed, taste like bacon.

and, any guy who doesn't know cum tastes good to real women, is clueless." posted by: judy, july 2, 2006


"there was a british columnist whose work was described as 'a suicide note in weekly installments.'

this blog is sort of like that." posted by: gadfly, july 6, 2006


"jeez, skippy. sometimes i really hate coming here." posted by: cynlee, july 18, 2006


"someone needs to throttle you with a riding crop...truly!" posted by: joan, july 18, 2006


"holy mother of god. i just had an orgasm. it's official: i'm devoting the rest of my life to you, skippy." posted by: deanna, july 19, 2006


"skippy, sometimes i'm not quite sure of your sanity, but you are without a doubt the baddest        morning news reading, quiz show hosting, talent introducing pimp in the motherfuckin' blogosphere." posted by: shank, july 19, 2006



















links






bloggy goodness


the sandwich shop (or what passes for my july 2004 - september 2005 archives, before blogger decided to fuck with me again


my diapers are bloody

what would tyler durden do?

the superficial - because you're ugly

seven inches of sense

ace of spades hq

 forget your fears

deus ex machina

a swift kick and a band-aid

save manny

velociworld

whistling in the graveyard

judyisms

naked villainy

mental floss sometimes not work safe- be careful

 big hominid's hairy chasms

annika's journal

mitchieville

i, asshole

the best page in the universe

gut rumbles

the hatemonger's quarterly

filigree shadow

straight white guy

teafizz

it's all about de

girls are pretty

evil coffee chick

crazy aunt purl

miss doxie

suddenly, sometimes

one d at a time (probably not work safe)

blog d'elisson

you bitch

speak of the devil

drunken stepfather (probably not work safe)

lemons and lollipops

rantings of a sandmonkey

miss doxie

primordial slack

fatbacks and collards

celebslam: they're better than us

dirty rotten whore


sex blogs
needless to say, these sites are not work safe


submissive reflections

...sweetness follows

eroticalee1: close your eyes

eroticalee2: open your imagination

married with sex

girl with a one-track mind

delimmas of a virgin slut

nympho girl: a journal of wanton and wildly inappropriate sex

kinky bitch




political blogs


 dipatches from the culture wars

damianation

the politico

captain's quarters

angry in the great white north

the moderate voice

andrew coyne

patterico's pontifications

calgary grit

cherniak on politics

vijay sappani

the dan report

tdh strategies: solutions for everyone

stephen taylor

mean mr. mustard 2.0

 the jawa report

michelle malkin

talking points memo

politus

warren kinsella

instapundit

jihad watch

the american thinker

decision '08

inkless wells




legal blogs


scotus blog

the volokh conspiracy

anal philospher

is that legal?

jurist's paper chase

jon rowe


in the news


 the drudge report

national newswatch

bourque newswatch

the globe and mail

the new york times

the washington post

sploid

the toronto star

the toronto sun

abc news:the note



daily rotten: weird news

yahoo news: oddly enough

the daily show

jam! showbiz news

billboard daily music news

mtv news

muchmoremusic news

rolling stone

vh1


smart boy stuff


the new yorker

reason

insight

the nation

the weekly standard

national journal

the new york times magazine

the new york review of books

the atlantic

commentary

washington monthly

the brookings institution

american enterprise institute

foreign affairs

foreign policy

national security archive

cia world factbook

electoral college maps, 1860-1996

united states constitution

findlaw: index of u.s supreme court decisions

canadian charter of rights and freedoms



all the fun in the world


modern drunkard magazine

group hug

 sunshine girl

 white house. org

landover baptist church

 the smoking gun










who links here







archive






08/01/2003 - 08/31/200309/01/2003 - 09/30/200310/01/2003 - 10/31/200311/01/2003 - 11/30/200312/01/2003 - 12/31/200301/01/2004 - 01/31/2004





















this work is licensed under a creative commons license.



<!--

<rdf:rdf xmlns="http://web.resource.org/cc/"
    xmlns:dc="http://purl.org/dc/elements/1.1/"
    xmlns:rdf="http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#">















