







secrets of spiritual happiness: read the book online - sharon kumuda janis













 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 

  

 night lotus
      quick links 

 
 
 
 



about
      night lotus
about
      sharon janis
 

audio links 

listen to: the spirituality for dummies cd of inspiring music 
listen to: the glorious bhagavad gita sung in english
listen to: diamond sutra sung in english
listen to: sacred music concerts
listen to: kashmir shaivism texts in sanskrit and english
listen to: sanskrit spiritual scriptures
listen to: kirtan chanting
listen to: chanting and devotional singing
listen to: poet saints of india

      listen to: secrets of spiritual happiness 
 
video links
watch: the documentary "peace pilgrim: an american sage who walked her talk"

watch: purnadas: king of the ecstatic baul singers
watch: the mighty morphin' power rangers music video

watch: many more inspiring videos
 
 
writing links
 read: secrets of spiritual happiness
read: excerpts from spirituality for dummies 
read: breakthrough consciousness
a modern quest for eternal truth
read: the spiritual social commentary blog

 
general links 
sharon janis speaking and workshops
photographs of god's glory in action
favorite spiritual links
fantastic monastic chai
things that make you go oooommmmm
site map
about night lotus
purchasing our works 
gifts for you
contact




 

 



    
    â  â  â  


â  â  â  

 
secrets of spiritual happiness
part of the night lotus productions offering of
free multimedia spiritual resources 
 
   
by sharon janis
 
click on the titles to read the chapters. each chapter has a clip of the audio book reading for that chapter.
 

 
secrets of spiritual happiness 
table of contents
 


introduction  
preliminary notes to the reader 


section one: exploring happiness 

the science of happiness
why is happiness so elusive?
happiness comes from within
are you already happy?
different folks, different strokes (quotes about happiness) 

 
section two: introducing spiritual happiness 

defining happiness
coining the term, spiritual happiness
the difference between relative and spiritual happiness 
spiritual happiness and the happiness hierarchy 
what spiritual happiness isn't 
the theories behind spiritual happiness 
upgrading your spiritual happiness software 
spiritual happiness in action 


section three: 39 secrets of spiritual happiness 

1. relax!   
2. inspire your atmosphere 
3. know thyself    
4. enjoy being you 
5. remember who you really are
6. know your weakest and strongest links
7. cultivate dual awareness
8. happiness is a state of mind
9. learning to smile
10. play the game of life with empowerment
11. great faith brings great freedom
12. count your blessings
13. there's always good news
14. choose happiness
15. if you're going to do something, do it cheerfully 
16. be aware of the words you use 
17. positive communications bring greater happiness 
18. there's always a way to create happiness 
19. arrange your priorities  
20. a personal sharing about shifting priorities 
21. don't let others tell you what will make you happy       
22. be careful about the company you keep 
23. don't let others bring you down  
24. don't bring others down!  
25. think well of everyone 
26. too many expectations lead to disappointment  
27. be a joyful giver  
28. be a blessing  
29. finding grace in challenges and blessings from tragedy  
30. always deal with god 
31. let go of "punishment mentality" 
32. things don't have to be so hard 
33. open yourself to inner guidance 
34. do what your heart knows is right   
35. uplift your motives 
36. trust the perfection in imperfection
37. see the bigger picture of your soul's journey 
38. enjoy the trip! 
39. be optimistic 
 



 

 
purchase the 
    secrets of spiritual happiness
book, e-book, and audio book
 

 


 
the audio book:

 


or


 



 

part of the night lotus productions offering
          of free multimedia spiritual resources
additional works by sharon janis
click on a book or cd cover to read excerpts or the full books  online 

 
 

 

 
 

 
view our videos on:

 

  



 



watch a short video about sharon and spirituality for dummies:




 


 


 
 



 
 










pull down for quick links to writings, music, and videos 
--------------- 
home page 
books to enrich your spiritual quest 
chanting and devotional singing 
inspiring videos to watch online 
the glorious bhagavad gita: sung in english 
reviews of spirituality for dummies 
excerpts from secrets of spiritual happiness 
workshops, courses, and seminars with speaker sharon janis 
read breakthrough consciousness online 
sharon's memoir 
photo-aphorisms: things that make you go oooommmmm 
read chapter one of spirituality for dummies 
listen to the spirituality for dummies cd 
listen to the cd: waves of ecstasy 
sanskrit spiritual scriptures audio with english translation 
photos and videos from monastic life to hollywood 
the "spiritual social commentary" blog 
the chidakasha gita of bhagawan nityananda in streaming audio 
photographs of god's glory in action 
more than you've ever wanted to know about the author 
some recommended spiritual links 

how the facebook timeline profile can uplift your life 

contact sharon and night lotus productions 



                    





home page | contact | site map | books | secrets of spiritual happiness | links | chanting and devotional singing | inspiring videos | sanskrit spiritual scriptures | nityananda | workshops | photographs | kirtan chanting | chai | sacred music concerts | about the artist | facebook | disclaimer | about night lotus | purchasing our works | gifts for you

 








 

















