





myanmar (burma) small group, family private trips, travels by asterism tour operator






asterism travels & tours - myanmar
unique private travel experience in myanmar, thailand and laos






- read in thai | french -









search the site

home

about us

myanmar travel tips

map | highway map

states & divisions

national parks

calendar

photos | old photos

videos/slides

scenes in painting

hotels

sample tours

trip reports


our neighbors

- bangladesh

- india

- china (yunnan)

- laos

- thailand

- trek thailand

- thailand hotels

- nepal

window on thailand, laos, cambodia & myanmar


inquiry

links

terms

testimonials

privacy policy






home


we are all fishermen and farmers, inle lake in southern shan state near nyaung shwe, heho, pindaya


asterism travels & tours co., ltd. provides research, custom design and management of your private group trips, hotels booking, 
air tickets reservation, other transport arrangements, guide service, river and train travel, 
eco-tours, nature walk and trekking, photography trips, hilltribe village home stay and more. 
many of our past trips were small to 30-person groups and private - couples, friends, 
families, co-workers, university and college students, project teams, special interest groups 
such as artists and photographers. many trips start at yangon or mandalay airports. travelling by train, plane, bus or boat our tourists discover the places such as pathein, ngwe saung beach, pyay, bagan, kalaw, inle lake, taung gyi, 
kyaing tone (shan state), may myo, kyaikhtiyo pagoda, mawlamyaing, hpa-an, chin state.  


at the end of the trip many of our tourists told us the heritage, culture and life, seeing the world from different views,
communication with locals, architecture, scenery and being here are the ones they enjoyed very much;
and on top of those are our efforts in custom designing the best possible itinerary
and attention to details. but being in the reality of the local asian life the way as it is changing 
under the influence of the greater world is what the most visitors are curious at.



we arrange trips mainly in burma (myanmar). trips in thailand, and laos and cross country travels between these countries
may be managed upon request by groups.





exploring hinboun river, limestone mountains & caves in central laos

at night in mindat, on the trip to hike mt. victoria in southern chin state

sunset in bagan over ancient temples and ayeyarwaddy river




in south east asia, myanmar is particularly traditional and there are many interesting places, events and life styles 
to discover. many communities in the country are said to retain much of its old charms and traditions.







we organize trips to mountains in kachin state, putao; and chin state




we believe that proper education including logical reasoning, good science and health; fair and equal treatment between the citizens of the world, sustainable and peaceful use of natural resources, and friendly truthful communication and understanding among different cultures and races of human population are some of the most important human values.


it is our duty to maintain the sustainable tourism with responsibility for our space-travelling mother earth and environment. progress in tourism may continue in a way to maintain the peace, mutual understanding and sharing of knowledge of the nature in which we all exist.


asterism travels & tours co., ltd.
no. 252 / 29 (m-6)
shwe pyi soe street, myin thar 14 / 2 yard,
south oakkalapa tsp, 

yangon 
phone/fax +95-1-233 3076
cell phone +95 (0) 9 506 8053
email: linsukhin (at) gmail (dot) com
tour licence: kha/0920
the union of myanmar travel association active member no. 406

in thailand:
email: trekthailand (at) yandex (dot) com
www.trekthailand.net

international travel









more photos from travels and trips in laos, thailand and myanmar









