








homepage - headaches


































































 















 
 







 





home
about
clinical studies
providers
resources
blog
 

 

home
about
clinical studies
providers
resources
blog
 









sign up for our newsletter 

sign up for our newsletter 

sign up for our newsletter 








 






homeaboutclinical studiesprovidersresourcesblog 










					contact us				












 






homeaboutclinical studiesprovidersresourcesblog 










sign up for our newsletter 

sign up for our newsletter 

sign up for our newsletter 






 








sign up for the cefaly pregnancy registry! 



help make life better for moms-to-be with migraine. 
























explore advanced treatments 



helping doctors and patients understand neuromodulation for migraine 



neuromodulation uses precise impulses to stimulate and desensitize nerves, thereby regulating their behavior. by directly targeting the nerves that transmit pain signals, neuromodulation devices offer a clinically proven solution to the complex problem of migraine pain. 








					learn more				



































 










the promise of neuromodulation therapy 



migraine is typically addressed with lifestyle modifications, which vary in efficacy, and prescription medications that often have debilitating side effects. neuromodulation has emerged as a safe, effective and non-invasive treatment alternative. 





  0 m+people affected by migraine worldwide  



  0 m+people living with chronic migraine globally  



  0 m+people with migraine in the united states  











the basics of neuromodulation treatment for migraine 



what is migraine? what causes migraine? and how does neuromodulation migraine therapy prevent attacks and relieve pain? 








					discover more				










 









resources for healthcare providers 



get an in-depth look at how neuromodulation therapy works to relieve migraine pain and reduce the frequency of migraine attacks. download patient guides that explain neurostimulation in an accessible way. 








					access resources				










 









clinical studies on neuromodulation for migraine 



what does the latest research reveal about neuromodulation therapy as an effective acute and preventative migraine treatment? 








					review more				













 acme: etns as acute migraine treatment 








in the acute migraine therapy with external trigeminal neurostimulation (acme) study, patients saw an average 59% reduction in migraine pain intensity following a 60-minute etns treatment session. 





 team: etns as acute migraine treatment 








the trial of etns for the acute treatment of migraine (team) study found that etns treatment relieved not only pain, but also resolved other symptoms. 56.4% of patients reported resolution of their most bothersome migraine symptom following 2 hours of etns treatment. 





 premice: etns for migraine prevention 








the migraine prevention with a supraorbital transcutaneous stimulator (premice) study found that with compliant use of 20-minute prevent etns treatment for three months, patients in the verum group experienced an average 30% reduction in migraine days. 





 de novo: etns for migraine prevention 









the open-label transcutaneous supraorbital neurostimulation in “de novo” patients with migraine without aura study demonstrated at least a 50% reduction in monthly migraine attacks and migraine days in 81% and 75% of patients, respectively, following transcutaneous supraorbital neurostimulation (tsns). 






 study of etns sedative effect 









in this study of the sedative effect of supraorbital transcutaneous neurostimulation, researchers observed a statistically significant decrease in vigilance and attention during high-frequency supraorbital transcutaneous neurostimulation (tns). 















						headaches.com: your trusted source for the latest information on neuromodulation migraine treatment					

						cefaly technology created headaches.com as a resource to help healthcare providers and migraine patients understand neuromodulation therapy for migraine. 
					


						learn more about us					

















frequently asked questions 



neuromodulation for migraine 



if your question isn’t answered below, see our full faq here. 
















 

 



                                                                what is neuromodulation?                            


neuromodulation is the process of changing or regulating nerve activity by delivering electrical impulses or pharmaceutical agents directly to the targeted nerves. 





 

 



                                                                what’s the difference between neuromodulation and neurostimulation?                            


neurostimulation is a type of neuromodulation that’s performed by using electrical impulses to target the nerves. some neurostimulation devices are implanted in the body, while others are applied externally. 





 

 



                                                                how does neuromodulation treat migraine?                            


neuromodulation devices send precise electrical impulses to the nerves responsible for transmitting migraine pain signals, disrupting those signals and making the nerves less sensitive.  





 

 



                                                                is neuromodulation therapy for migraine safe?                             


yes. multiple clinical studies have shown the safety and efficacy of non-invasive neuromodulation therapies for migraine. these include non-invasive vagus nerve stimulation (nvns), external trigeminal nerve stimulation (etns) and single-pulse transcranial magnetic stimulation (stms). 





 

 



                                                                who can benefit from neuromodulation treatment for migraine?                            


neuromodulation therapy is ideal for migraine patients who:prefer non-pharmaceutical migraine treatment optionsdon’t respond to pharmaceutical treatments cannot tolerate pharmaceutical therapiesare seeking clinically proven alternatives to pharmaceuticalshave prior medical conditions and are unable to take traditional pharmaceuticalshave limited access to outpatient treatment procedures 




































who we are 



about 



faq 



contact us 





for migraine patients 



what is migraine? 



neuromodulation for migraine 



cefaly pregnancy registry 



blog 





for healthcare providers 



basics of neuromodulation therapy 



provider resources 



clinical studies  














subscribe to keep up to date with neuromodulation
* indicates required

email address *



first name 

















 










































 
















©2024 headaches.com 



privacy 



terms of use 









 


 






































 



