






story monsters® 


























































story monsters® 



home



about us
contact us
our mission
story monsters press
awards
testimonials
newsroom
media gallery
resources
privacy
meet our ambassadors


story monsters ink®



book reviews
books to review / submit review
book reviewers wanted
five-star book reviews



programs
authorbookings.com
azbooks4kids.com
dragonfly book contests
just for kids
school express press
story monsters approved!
student writers wanted!
be a story monsters ambassador!



studio story monster
studio story monster
little monsters read-along
little monsters read-along team
register: little monsters read-along
story monster theme song
 who are these bugs?



store
all items
books
fun story monsters merchandise
book award merchandise
story monsters ink
consulting
marketing & publicity services
about title 1 co-op events
story monsters greenie boxes™
sponsorship opportunities



services
book consulting
book marketing & publicity
book production
email campaign tips
manuscript evaluation
portfolio of our work
website design



story monster shops
monster picks on amazon
monster finds at barnes & noble


free consult


search



sign in
my account
















home/
about us/contact usour missionstory monsters pressawardstestimonialsnewsroommedia galleryresourcesprivacymeet our ambassadors
story monsters ink®/
book reviews/books to review / submit reviewbook reviewers wantedfive-star book reviews
programs/authorbookings.comazbooks4kids.comdragonfly book contestsjust for kidsschool express pressstory monsters approved!student writers wanted!be a story monsters ambassador!
studio story monster/studio story monsterlittle monsters read-alonglittle monsters read-along teamregister: little monsters read-alongstory monster theme song who are these bugs?
store/all itemsbooksfun story monsters merchandisebook award merchandisestory monsters inkconsultingmarketing & publicity servicesabout title 1 co-op eventsstory monsters greenie boxes™sponsorship opportunities
services/book consultingbook marketing & publicitybook productionemail campaign tipsmanuscript evaluationportfolio of our workwebsite design
story monster shops/monster picks on amazonmonster finds at barnes & noble
free consult/
search/
sign inmy account

























































everything children's books & more!




home
the literary resource for teachers and librarians. the marketing solution for authors and publishers. home to the award-winning story monsters ink® magazine, we support authors of all stages through a host of publishing and marketing programs and services. marketing servicesbook award contestsschool express pressjust for kidsauthorbookings.com 











home/
about us/contact usour missionstory monsters pressawardstestimonialsnewsroommedia galleryresourcesprivacymeet our ambassadors
story monsters ink®/
book reviews/books to review / submit reviewbook reviewers wantedfive-star book reviews
programs/authorbookings.comazbooks4kids.comdragonfly book contestsjust for kidsschool express pressstory monsters approved!student writers wanted!be a story monsters ambassador!
studio story monster/studio story monsterlittle monsters read-alonglittle monsters read-along teamregister: little monsters read-alongstory monster theme song who are these bugs?
store/all itemsbooksfun story monsters merchandisebook award merchandisestory monsters inkconsultingmarketing & publicity servicesabout title 1 co-op eventsstory monsters greenie boxes™sponsorship opportunities
services/book consultingbook marketing & publicitybook productionemail campaign tipsmanuscript evaluationportfolio of our workwebsite design
story monster shops/monster picks on amazonmonster finds at barnes & noble
free consult/
search/
sign inmy account



































































home to the award-winning story monsters ink® magazine, we are your premier literary resource. we cater to teachers and librarians, offering valuable insights and resources. for authors and publishers, we provide comprehensive marketing and production solutions to elevate your work and reach a wider audience. explore our world of stories and discover how we can support your literary journey. join us in celebrating the power of storytelling!












story monsters llc has been named 2024 publisher of the year by the prestigious outstanding creator awards.
















































 

celebrating legacies: gunsmoke and story monsters llc



as the iconic gunsmoke tv series approaches its 70th anniversary on september 10, 2025, we at story monsters llc—home to book street press, formerly five star publications, now entering its 40th year on september 14, 2025—are proud to honor a legacy that transcends generations. “gunsmoke: an american institution – celebrating 50 years of television’s best western,”written by ben costello, with a foreword by jim byrnes and an introduction by jon voight, is more than just a book; it’s a tribute to an enduring piece of television history and a cherished project for us.while story monsters llc focuses on children’s literature, our book street press division proudly embraces projects that celebrate lasting cultural legacies and more, showcasing stories that inspire, educate, and leave a meaningful impact across generations.in publishing this book, we had the privilege of working closely with ben costello, who entrusted us with his vision and dedication to preserving the legacy of gunsmoke. though he is no longer with us and now holds a place in heaven, his passion lives on through these pages. with this book and our continued dedication, we proudly carry forward his legacy.
















get your copy today: order now and own a piece of gunsmoke history for yourself or the gunsmoke fan in your life.

studio story monster® presents: little monsters read-along!

bringing read-along audiobooks to children around the world!take your children’s book to a magical place! studio story monsters is bringing audiobooks to a new demographic with little monsters read-along books. encouraging children, from around the world, to read along to children’s books with a cast of child narrators! all of the little monsters read-along books will be read and recorded by children, for children.




    learn more
  
















narrator heidi immler in the studio!

  

what customers say …

 


“i can’t tell you how much i’ve benefited from working with story monsters llc. i’ve been in this industry a long time and have never had the type of collaborative relationship that i have with you and your team. you genuinely care about what’s important to me. the quality of the marketing materials your team has done for us and the visibility you’ve given us through social media are above and beyond what we expected...all the ads, press releases, and email blasts that story monsters has created for us have been amazing...being a small press, it’s nice to work with a team that has my back!”

—  luana k. mitten, publisher, bealu books, llc

   





 


 












































 














 





join our email list
by providing your name and email address, you will be added to our email list to receive communication about story monsters ink, book news and other announcements. we respect your privacy and will not share your information.





first name



last name




email address






sign up






thank you for signing up to receive emails from story monsters llc! by joining our email list, we will send you book news from our story monster & friends authors and special updates from story monsters llc.we are happy to welcome you to the story monsters family!



 proud member of:









































 











































©1985-2024 story monsters llc.  all rights reserved.  powered by story monsters llc.

 



 











