











trillium place | find addiction recovery services in peoria, il





















skip to main content






contact us











menu


main site navigation




programs & services


 back






contact us










addiction recovery services



adult substance use programs


adult behavior addiction programs


medication assisted programs


adolescent substance abuse programs


pregnancy & postpartum substance abuse programs


overdose education & naloxone training


addiction recovery center









mental health services



mental health matters


outpatient mental health programs


residential mental health programs


the living room


inpatient mental health services









dui services












admissions


 back





















careers


 back





















about us


 back





















young minds center


 back

































top of main content








home  / 
                

programs & services  / 
                

addiction recovery programs & services



;

















                            find addiction recovery services in peoria, il
                        

trillium place is ready to support you in your recovery by providing evidence-based programs to meet your physical, emotional, and behavioral health needs. addiction recovery services are accessible across central illinois with locations in peoria, east peoria, pekin, and lincoln.


                                experiencing a crisis?
                            
















related services and resources


addiction recovery center in  peoria, il
adolescent substance use programs
adult substance use programs
adult behavioral addiction programs
medication assisted recovery
overdose education and naloxone training
pregnancy & postpartum substance use program
















types of addiction treatment at trillium place


adult substance abuse programs
our compassionate team is trained to provide addiction help for a variety of substance abuse disorders including alcohol addiction, opioid addiction, marijuana addiction, sedative addiction, and addiction to stimulants such as methamphetamines, hallucinogens, and more. we offer outpatient, inpatient, residential, and partial hospitalization care options (with and without overnight boarding), and are specialized in managing withdrawal symptoms through medical detoxication and withdrawal management services. medication-assisted treatment options are also available. learn more about adult substance abuse programs at trillium place.


adult behavioral addiction programs
addiction is not limited to substance use, it can occur in many forms including gambling or gaming addiction, sex addiction, food addiction, shopping addiction and more. at trillium place, our team provides day treatment (with and without overnight boarding) and outpatient care programs for a variety of behavioral addictions. learn more about behavioral addiction services offered at trillium place.


inpatient rehab center
formerly known as the illinois institute for addiction recovery, the addiction recovery center at carle health proctor hospital provides a range of services including medical detoxication and withdrawal management, inpatient care, partial hospitalization (with and without overnight boarding), intensive outpatient care, continuing care, and medication-assisted treatment.


additional addiction recovery programs and services

pregnancy and postpartum women's substance abuse program
adolescent substance abuse programs
overdose education and naloxone training
medication-assisted treatment (mat)
individual or community support groups
dui services

please keep in mind, the type of service and length of care is tailored to individual needs.



 

what are the signs and symptoms of addiction?
many individuals have struggled with the question, "am i addicted?" or "am i an alcoholic." you are not alone; awareness of potential addiction symptoms and reaching out for help is the first step to recovery.
common signs and symptoms* of a substance use disorder include:

spending a lot of time thinking about, planning, and recovering from alcohol or drug use.
difficulty setting limits with alcohol or drug use.
experiencing cravings or urges to use.
needing more of the substance to achieve the same effect.
continued use of alcohol or drugs even though it's impacting work, relationships, and overall health.
loss of interest in previously enjoyed activities or hobbies due alcohol or drug use.
engaging in unsafe behaviors when using alcohol or drugs.
physical or psychological symptoms experienced during efforts to reduce or discontinue use. (consult with your doctor or treatment provider before discontinuation of use.)

if you are experiencing, or have questions about the above signs and symptoms, call (888) 311-0321 to discuss your concerns and learn more about addiction services.
*information on signs and symptoms of addiction is based on the dsm-5.


what are the signs and symptoms of addiction?
we are here to partner with you on your recovery journey. get started by contacting a member of our team. an assessment appointment will be scheduled at the location that best fits your needs. phone screenings and phone assessments are offered at most locations. a recommendation for care will then be discussed with you.

you may be asked to bring the following to your appointment:

medication list
insurance card
for adolescents, 13-17, the primary guardian must be present for the assessment appointment.

contact a member of your team


 
            











 




experiencing a crisis?
for life-threatening concerns, call 911 or be taken to your nearest emergency department.
for mental health and substance use crisis support and resources, contact:
trillium place crisis services, available 24/7:
peoria county - (309) 671-8084
tazewell & woodford counties - (309) 347-1148
 










change begins here
reach your goals and live your best life. find a full location directory here.










not sure where to get started?
begin by contacting a member of our team today. call (888) 311-0321.

























                                patient access
                            
 (888) 311-0321

                                media inquiries
                            
 (309) 409-5775




































contact us


about us


my chart






addiction recovery


mental health services


dui services













copyright 2025 trillium place. all rights reserved. ® | privacy policy | non-discrimination policy | greater peoria patient rights and responsibilities 













