 







mairs and power - home
















































































 







 





contact us
my fund account








 

 








 

 





 




home




  who we serve

  





back




individuals & families






organizations

 






back




consultants/outsourced cios






educational






erisa plans






family offices






insurance






non-profits






private companies






trust companies/banks












financial advisors












how we invest




  funds

  





back




funds overview






growth fund






balanced fund






small cap fund






mn municipal bond etf












individually managed accounts






venture capital




  about us

  





back




about the firm






team






company news






mairs & power at 90










  insights

  





back




all






commentary






economic market cycle charts






fact sheets






fund update calls






special topics






why minnesota investing












contact us






my fund account










 


 








 







 
slide backgroundwhy choose mairs & poweryour money will be invested using the same approach and counsel we have employed for nearly a century to serve our clients, colleagues and community. we are proud to be minnesota’s oldest investment firm under private ownership and management.

we invest with integrity and conviction - all to give our clients, institutional stewards, and shareholders the best potential for long-term growth and peace of mind.
 










 














investment portfolios for youinstitutional investorsas a steward of your organization’s funds, you need an asset manager you can trust. mairs & power has served as an investment advisor to taft-hartley plans, pension funds, foundations, endowments and insurance companies for decades.more individual investorswe are a small firm whose strength and success is based on an emphasis on growth over the long-term. we offer highly personalized investment management and related counsel to help you with your financial needs.more fundsfollowing the same approach since our founding in 1931, we manage three mutual funds and one exchange traded fund (etf). we are committed to long-term investing in organizations that have exhibited positive characteristics for long-term growth or that we believe will develop them.more invest with us mairs & power:
committed to our clientsmairs & power has never wavered from its dedication to being good stewards of the money invested with them.in this brief video, you’ll meet rob mairs, ceo, justin miller, head of individually managed accounts, and hilary sweeney, client advisor. they will talk about the company and their passion for helping you attain your financial goals.watch the video how we investwe are long-term investors with a regional focus who invest in companies of all sizes and across all sectorswe believe the best way to make money for our clients is to consistently utilize a disciplined long-term investment approach.
we favor companies headquartered in minnesota and the upper midwest, (wisconsin, illinois, iowa, south dakota and north dakota), a region we have found fosters high quality companies with excellent management teams.
we invest in a concentrated number of those companies, whether large, medium or small, who we believe have the potential for consistent, above-average growth, durable competitive advantages and are attractively priced.
view our relationship summary learn more featured insights 





fund update calls2024 year-in-review growth fund update01-29-2025in this fund update, andrew adams, chief investment officer and lead manager of the mairs & powe...more 

newsmairs & power announces fund co-mana…01-17-2025mairs & power fund co-manager retirement
robert thompson
as we close the year, we want to anno...more 

newstax form mail dates01-15-2025 
january 31, 2025: 1099-q, 1099-r, 592-b
february 18, 2025: 1099-b, 1099-div, 1099-int
marc...more 





supporting our community:time, leadership, philanthropyit is our privilege to support a variety of non-profit, charitable and arts organizations in the greater twin cities with our resources and through our individual and team involvement.learn morefund priceseach of the mairs & power funds are managed with the same disciplined, long-term, regional, multi-cap investment approach that we have employed for nearly 100 years.closing  prices  (nav)  as  of  02/14/2025
growth  fund mpgfx$175.57
balanced  fund mapox$112.61
small  cap  fund mscfx$30.52

etf  price  as  of  02/14/2025
minnesota  municipal  bond  etf minn
nav closing  market  price 
$22.09$22.16

my fund account fund performance how to invest 













live chat 










 





30 east 7th street
suite 2500
saint paul, minnesota 55101-1363contact us
mutual fund shareholder services  800-304-7404
etf shareholder services 855-839-2800
financial advisor support  651-294-8309 
individually managed accounts and
mairs & power office  651-222-8478

  search

stay connectedwe’ll send you periodic emails with our latest thinking on investing and the markets. your information will not be shared. *required fields.




 
 
 
mutual fund shareholderetf shareholderfinancial professionalindividually managed account clientprospective investorother


 
 



sign up





investing involves risk, including potential loss of principal.investing in the funds is subject to investment risks, including, but not limited to, possible loss of the principal amount invested. these investment risks are explained in the mutual funds prospectus and etf prospectus.
the mairs & power balanced, growth, small cap mutual funds and the minnesota municipal bond etf are offered by prospectus only. the funds are not available for sale to investors residing outside of the united states. see each individual fund for more information. you should read the prospectus carefully before you invest. the mutual funds prospectus, growth fund summary prospectus, balanced fund summary prospectus, and small cap fund summary prospectus are available online at this website. you may also obtain a mutual funds prospectus by calling mutual fund shareholder services at 800-304-7404. the etf prospectus and etf summary prospectus are available online at this website. you may also obtain a etf prospectus by calling etf shareholder services at 855-839-2800. this website is not intended to be nor should it be considered, a solicitation to buy or any offer to sell shares of the mairs & power funds in any jurisdiction where the offer or solicitation would be unlawful under the securities laws of such jurisdiction.
diversification does not eliminate the risk of experiencing investment loss.
shares of any etf are bought and sold at market price (not nav), may trade at a discount or premium to nav and are not individually redeemed from the funds. brokerage commissions will reduce returns. because the funds concentrate their investments in specific industries, the funds may be subject to greater risks and fluctuations than a portfolio representing a broader range of industries. the funds are non-diversified, meaning they may concentrate more of their assets in a smaller number of issuers than diversified funds.
foreside fund services, llc is the distributor for the mairs & power funds. foreside fund services, llc is not affiliated with mairs & power, inc. foreside fund services, llc does not distribute the individually managed accounts
cfa is a registered trademark of the cfa institute.  who we serve  individuals & families organizations financial advisors how we invest funds growth fund  balanced fund small cap fund minnesota municipal bond etf fund documents fund holdings individually managed accounts about us  team company news insights terms of use contact sitemap privacy policies career opportunities venture capital© mairs & power, inc. all rights reserved.

 



 

















×




×








tax form mail dates
january 31, 2025: 1099-q, 1099-r, 592-b
february 18, 2025: 1099-b, 1099-div, 1099-int
march 17, 2025: 1042-s
june 2, 2025: 5498
 
please allow 5 - 7 business days after the required tax form mail date for delivery of the original tax forms, prior to requesting a duplicate copy. please contact one of our representatives if you have any questions, concerns, or need additional clarification regarding your account. they can be reached 800-304-7404.

 



	thank you
	 
 





