ï»¿










wetwebmedia, aquarium, pond, marine and freshwater fish, reef tanks, and 
aquatics information























in honor of robert milton fennerand his commitment to life, ocean and wetwebmedia...


from bob's biography:
i have many wonderful friends in the hobby, trade and science of aquatics, and dearly 
enjoy my involvement; it is my life's work and passion. a/the central thread to 
everything i have attempted in writing, presentation or action in the interest has been/is 
"to enhance peoples love of their own lives through an appreciation of the living world".
 

robert milton bob' fenner august 23, 1953 - may 7, 2020 san diego robert "bob" milton 
fenner,  born at the quonset point naval air station in north kingston, rhode island, 
23 august 1953,  passed away in his sleep at his home in mira mesa 7 may 2020 from a 
heart condition.  bob 
loved cooking for his buddies in the  san diego area hash house harriers running club to 
which he belonged for three decades.  bob was a marine biologist and referred to himself
as a "fish doctor," being able to heal numerous species in ponds and lakes. for many 
years bob wrote articles for various aquatic life periodicals. bob was invited all over 
the world to lecture about fish health and both freshwater and seawater marine life. 
bob was an avid scuba diver and underwater photographer. his thousands of photographs 
were freely shared on the "scuba diving friends" facebook page. bob's webpage 
"wetwebmedia" gave inspiration to thousands of aquatic life enthusiasts. bob authored 
the highly-regarded "the conscientious marine aquarist: a commonsense handbook for 
successful saltwater hobbyists."as a young teen, bob received his boy scouts of america 
eagle scout at the early age of 13. in bob's mid-teens, bob lived in sasebo, japan, 
during the vietnam war. there he practiced judo and became enamored with tropical fish.
bob graduated james madison high school in 1972. while studying for his fisheries biology 
masters at san diego state university, bob taught himself guitar, having been inspired by 
the beatles.  bob was an entrepreneur as the ceo, founder, and president of two businesses: 
aquatic life services and scripps ranch-based wet pets.  bob was also a consultant for the 
petco corporation and for sea world san diego


in his honor - his famous "daily photo" been programmed to change every day recalling
his historical postings to this site.  his "celebration of life" ceremony can be reviewed
by clicking on the thumbnail slideshow to the left.





 


--->
          









































old home page, 
        

wwm 
        digital2  





since its creation in 1995, this site has grown from a few dozen pages to over 
ten thousand.
the organic nature of its growth means it has no simple hierarchical structure.

a page can often be approached from several directions; the indices, search tool 
on every page.
so follow what attracts you, and see where you arrive. cheers, the wwm crew
still have questions, concerns, problems? write us at crew@ wetwebmedia.com










        
                



  










feedback? 
          contact us 
here. 


          copyright by 

robert 
          fenner 



  

wwm content 
          use policy 











new print and e-book: 


"marine aquarium algae control" 
		is live in the kindle store. it is available
		
		here. for readers to purchase 
		or

		
can be borrowed for free w/ kindle, for prime 
		members. enjoy. b


















 search all of wetweb with 
      google.com, pub-4522959445250520, direct, f08c47fec0942fa0
              google 























