





















greater ottumwa partners in progress







 







 skip to main content.











contact us today!


641.682.3465












toggle navigation








housing


investors


investor directory


advertising and media


agriculture


associate members


attorneys and legal services


automotive


communication and it


community and non-profit


construction


education


entertainment


finance and investments


fuel and convenience


healthcare and treatments


insurance


lodging and travel


manufacturing


personal care


pets and veterinary


professional services


real estate


restaurants and food


senior services


shopping and retail


utilities


view all




why join?


become an investor


committees


gopip partners


gopip bucks


request ribbon cutting




business


business resources


find sites & buildings


employment


find talent




economic development


why ottumwa, ia?


relocate


site selectors


wapello county profile


available buildings


available land


helgerson flats




city of ottumwa 2040 comprehensive plan


success stories


available for rent


submit a rental listing




childcare resources




events


lean in


ottumwa international film festival


sponsor lemonade day


greater ottumwa rodeo


golf classic


gopip annual banquet


gene schultz community service award




dia de los muertos


holiday nights ‘n lights


volunteer




news + media


news


newsletters


podcasts




about


diversity, equity & inclusion


board of directors


staff


strategic priorities




foundation


contact












2024 homepage video banner










let ussurpriseyou!





previous



next

 

investor services target industries site selectors community

 

collaboration. leadership. innovation. integrity.
ottumwa, iowa is a unique city…with an intriguing name. “ottumwa” is said to be derived from an algonquian (indigenous) word meaning “rippling waters”. we are a community on the banks of the des moines river. ottumwa is one of iowa’s many railroad and coal boomtowns that weathered the storm and survived. today, ottumwa’s economy is more closely aligned with its agricultural roots- livestock and machinery- with healthcare, higher education, financial services, and advanced manufacturing also contributing to the community’s economy.from single artisan workshops to full scale mass production, ottumwa boasts a diverse business climate. in the 19th century, ottumwans manufactured cigars, mining equipment, and world-class violins. today, small businesses, large retailers, and major factories co-exist to support a nearly $4 billion economy.**2018 total sales for all industries in wapello county, based on naics description (emsi complete class of worker dataset).



follow us! facebookinstagramx-twitteryoutubelinkedintiktokview custom reportlearn more!searchfacebooktwitterlinkedinemailprint





signature circle investors
 



































































 
featured news









                                        preserving ottumwa's legacy: erin naylor's entrepreneurial journey in paper conservation
                
december 8, 2023







                                        revitalizing ottumwa’s west end: west end ignited fuels community pride
                
january 29, 2025
read more





                                        ottumwa’s church street beautification program: a fresh identity for a historic district
                
november 23, 2024
read more





follow us

greater ottumwa partners in progress  is at bridge view center. 17 hours ago tammy robbins is a breakout speaker at this year's lean in conference. tammy jocambridge investment research, inc. inc. in 2020 as executive vice president and chief business development officer, with over 25 years of experience in business development, recruiting, and practice management. in this role, robbins is responsible for the executive oversight of the business development, transition, client solutions, and strategic acquisitions teams. she provides recruiting guidance and support for cambridge's independent business managers across the country while contributing in a collaborative executive capacity to the company's overall strategy for recruiting, revenue growth, service, acquisitions, and profitability. she is actively engaged in the cambridge community of women program and actively works to grow the financial services industry by bringing in the next generation of talented financial professionals.we can't wait to hear from tammy in person!get your tickets now at www.ticketleap.events/tickets/gopipottumwa/lean-in-2025schedule and more information at leaninottumwa.com/fb event: www.facebook.com/event#leanintogether3#leadershipconferencel#ottumwaleadershipe#gopipm#leaninr#womeninleadershipn#conferencea#ottumwa##empowerwoment#leadershipjourneyn#partnersinprogress #leanin2025progress #leanin2025tammy robbins is a breakout speaker at this year's lean in conference. tammy joined cambridge investment research, inc. in 2020 as executive vice president and chief business development officer, with over 25 years of experience in business development, recruiting, and practice management. in this role, robbins is responsible for the executive oversight of the business development, transition, client solutions, and strategic acquisitions teams. she provides recruiting guidance and support for cambridge's independent business managers across the country while contributing in a collaborative executive capacity to the company's overall strategy for recruiting, revenue growth, service, acquisitions, and profitability. she is actively engaged in the cambridge community of women program and actively works to grow the financial services industry by bringing in the next generation of talented financial professionals.we can't wait to hear from tammy in person!get your tickets now at www.ticketleap.events/tickets/gopipottumwa/lean-in-2025schedule and more information at leaninottumwa.com/fb event: www.facebook.com/events/1051520103391384#leanintogether #leadershipconference #ottumwaleadership #gopip #leanin #womeninleadership #conference #ottumwa #empowerwomen #leadershipjourney #partnersinprogress #leanin2025  ... see moresee lessview on facebook·shareshare on facebookshare on twittershare on google plusshare on linked inshare by emaillikes: 6shares: 2comments: 0comment on facebookgreater ottumwa partners in progress  2 days ago 🇺🇸 happy presidents' day! 🇺🇸greater ottumwa partners in progress will be closed today on monday, february 17, in observance of the holiday. we’ll resume normal business hours on tuesday, february 18.enjoy the day as we celebrate the leaders who have shaped our nation! 🎉 #presidentsday #ottumwa🇺🇸 happy presidents' day! 🇺🇸greater ottumwa partners in progress will be closed today on monday, february 17, in observance of the holiday. we’ll resume normal business hours on tuesday, february 18.enjoy the day as we celebrate the leaders who have shaped our nation! 🎉 #presidentsday #ottumwa  ... see moresee lessview on facebook·shareshare on facebookshare on twittershare on google plusshare on linked inshare by emaillikes: 2shares: 1comments: 0comment on facebookgreater ottumwa partners in progress  5 days ago 🎬✨ the official selections for the ottumwa international film festival have been chosen! ✨🎬we've notified the talented filmmakers, and now it's your turn to check out the incredible lineup of films that will be showcased at this year's festival! from gripping dramas to mind-bending thrillers, there’s something for every film lover.📽️ head to our website to see the full list of selected films and read their descriptions: www.gopip.org/events/ottumwa-international-film-festivalstay tuned for more festival details, and mark your calendars for a celebration of independent cinema in ottumwa! 🎟️🍿 #ottumwainternationalfilmfest #oiff #indiefilm #filmfestival🎬✨ the official selections for the ottumwa international film festival have been chosen! ✨🎬we've notified the talented filmmakers, and now it's your turn to check out the incredible lineup of films that will be showcased at this year's festival! from gripping dramas to mind-bending thrillers, there’s something for every film lover.📽️ head to our website to see the full list of selected films and read their descriptions: www.gopip.org/events/ottumwa-international-film-festivalstay tuned for more festival details, and mark your calendars for a celebration of independent cinema in ottumwa! 🎟️🍿 #ottumwainternationalfilmfest #oiff #indiefilm #filmfestival  ... see moresee lessview on facebook·shareshare on facebookshare on twittershare on google plusshare on linked inshare by emaillikes: 5shares: 5comments: 0comment on facebookgreater ottumwa partners in progress  is at bridge view center. 5 days ago hey #ottumwaleaders! we're thrilled to invite everyone to our upcoming lean in conference on march 6th! this event is not just for women – it's a celebration of leadership, empowerment, and collaboration that's open to all genders!men, you are more than welcome to join us on this journey of growth, learning, and inspiration. we believe in the power of diversity and the collective strength that comes from bringing people together, regardless of gender. let's break the misconceptions and create an inclusive space for everyone to thrive!spread the word, tag your friends, and let's make lean in a truly diverse and enriching experience for everyone!get your tickets now at www.ticketleap.events/tickets/gopipottumwa/lean-in-2025schedule and more information at leaninottumwa.com/fb event: www.facebook.com/#leanintogether0#leadershipconferenceh#ottumwaleadershipe#gopip##leaninl#womeninleadershipl#conferencen#ottumwas#empowerwomenc#leadershipjourneyr#partnersinprogressu#leanin2025ersinprogress #leanin2025hey #ottumwaleaders! we're thrilled to invite everyone to our upcoming lean in conference on march 6th! this event is not just for women – it's a celebration of leadership, empowerment, and collaboration that's open to all genders!men, you are more than welcome to join us on this journey of growth, learning, and inspiration. we believe in the power of diversity and the collective strength that comes from bringing people together, regardless of gender. let's break the misconceptions and create an inclusive space for everyone to thrive!spread the word, tag your friends, and let's make lean in a truly diverse and enriching experience for everyone!get your tickets now at www.ticketleap.events/tickets/gopipottumwa/lean-in-2025schedule and more information at leaninottumwa.com/fb event: www.facebook.com/events/1051520103391384#leanintogether #leadershipconference #ottumwaleadership #gopip #leanin #womeninleadership #conference #ottumwa #empowerwomen #leadershipjourney #partnersinprogress #leanin2025  ... see moresee lessview on facebook·shareshare on facebookshare on twittershare on google plusshare on linked inshare by emaillikes: 0shares: 3comments: 0comment on facebookgreater ottumwa partners in progress  is at bridge view center. 6 days ago brooklyn janelle hayes is a breakout speaker at this year's lean in conference. brooklyn is a passionate local advocate whose dedication to her community is both inspiring and transformative. having faced her own challenges, including the painful experience of two miscarriages, she understands firsthand the complexities that accompany loss and healing. instead of allowing her experiences to define her, brooklyn has taken her grief and transformed it into a powerful tool to empower others to confront their struggles directly. recognizing the often-overlooked struggles that many face during times of loss, she provides valuable resources to help them navigate their unique journey of healing.we can't wait to hear from brooklyn in person!get your tickets now at www.ticketleap.events/tickets/gopipottumwa/lean-in-2025schedule and more information at leaninottumwa.com/fb event: www.facebook.com/events/10515201#gopip8#leanini#womeninleadershipl#empowerp#conferencec#ottumwae #ottumwabrooklyn janelle hayes is a breakout speaker at this year's lean in conference. brooklyn is a passionate local advocate whose dedication to her community is both inspiring and transformative. having faced her own challenges, including the painful experience of two miscarriages, she understands firsthand the complexities that accompany loss and healing. instead of allowing her experiences to define her, brooklyn has taken her grief and transformed it into a powerful tool to empower others to confront their struggles directly. recognizing the often-overlooked struggles that many face during times of loss, she provides valuable resources to help them navigate their unique journey of healing.we can't wait to hear from brooklyn in person!get your tickets now at www.ticketleap.events/tickets/gopipottumwa/lean-in-2025schedule and more information at leaninottumwa.com/fb event: www.facebook.com/events/1051520103391384#gopip #leanin #womeninleadership #empower #conference #ottumwa  ... see moresee lessview on facebook·shareshare on facebookshare on twittershare on google plusshare on linked inshare by emaillikes: 8shares: 3comments: 0comment on facebookgreater ottumwa partners in progress  is at iowa state capitol. 7 days ago meet marc and shea—our dedicated gopip advocates making a real difference in ottumwa! recently, they spent quality time with representative hans wilz, engaging with community leaders and residents to ensure that every voice in ottumwa is heard. their on-the-ground efforts embody our commitment to grassroots advocacy and a brighter future for our community.check out the photos from their time with hans wilz that capture the energy and passion driving our mission. together, we’re building trust, fostering dialogue, and championing positive change in ottumwa.#ottumwastrong #gopip #communityfirst #hanswilz #grassrootsadvocacyphotos from greater ottumwa partners in progress's post  ... see moresee lessview on facebook·shareshare on facebookshare on twittershare on google plusshare on linked inshare by emaillikes: 29shares: 5comments: 0comment on facebookgreater ottumwa partners in progress  is at bridge view center. 1 week ago diana dominguez is a breakout speaker at this year's lean in conference. diana is a dedicated advocate for personal growth and youth empowerment. a recent graduate of indian hills community college and i-jag alumni, diana has actively participated in numerous youth programs, laying the groundwork for future leaders to build and grow their communities. currently, she serves as an office associate at greater ottumwa partners in progress, an organization dedicated to the economic prosperity of ottumwa and its surrounding areas. by sharing her personal experiences, diana aspires to motivate others to create a lasting and meaningful impact.we can't wait to hear from diana in person!get your tickets now at www.ticketleap.events/tickets/gopipottumwa/lean-in-2025schedule and more information at leaninottumwa.com/fb event: www.facebook.com/events/10515201#gopip8#leanini#womeninleadershipl#empowerp#conferencec#ottumwae #ottumwadiana dominguez is a breakout speaker at this year's lean in conference. diana is a dedicated advocate for personal growth and youth empowerment. a recent graduate of indian hills community college and i-jag alumni, diana has actively participated in numerous youth programs, laying the groundwork for future leaders to build and grow their communities. currently, she serves as an office associate at greater ottumwa partners in progress, an organization dedicated to the economic prosperity of ottumwa and its surrounding areas. by sharing her personal experiences, diana aspires to motivate others to create a lasting and meaningful impact.we can't wait to hear from diana in person!get your tickets now at www.ticketleap.events/tickets/gopipottumwa/lean-in-2025schedule and more information at leaninottumwa.com/fb event: www.facebook.com/events/1051520103391384#gopip #leanin #womeninleadership #empower #conference #ottumwa  ... see moresee lessview on facebook·shareshare on facebookshare on twittershare on google plusshare on linked inshare by emaillikes: 4shares: 1comments: 0comment on facebookgreater ottumwa partners in progress  is at bridge view center. 1 week ago krista tedrow is a breakout speaker at this year's lean in conference. krista is a leader, advocate, and entrepreneur passionate about fostering community development, equity, and personal growth. based in southern iowa, she serves as the director of development at pathfinders rc&d and is the founder of two innovative businesses: curious you, offering spiritual development services, and no opportunity wasted, a consulting firm that partners with nonprofits and government agencies to co-design equitable programs and policies ensuring those directly receiving services are represented. a publisher, writer, and poet under the pseudonym k. buehler, krista blends creativity and advocacy to transform challenges into impactful solutions, championing authenticity, joy, and connection in her work and life.we can't wait to hear from krista in person!get your tickets now at www.ticketleap.events/tickets/gopipottumwa/lean-in-2025schedule and more information at leaninottumwa.com/fb event: www.facebook.com/events/1051520103391384#gopip #leanin #womeninleadership #empower #conference #ottumwakrista tedrow is a breakout speaker at this year's lean in conference. krista is a leader, advocate, and entrepreneur passionate about fostering community development, equity, and personal growth. based in southern iowa, she serves as the director of development at pathfinders rc&d and is the founder of two innovative businesses: curious you, offering spiritual development services, and no opportunity wasted, a consulting firm that partners with nonprofits and government agencies to co-design equitable programs and policies ensuring those directly receiving services are represented. a publisher, writer, and poet under the pseudonym k. buehler, krista blends creativity and advocacy to transform challenges into impactful solutions, championing authenticity, joy, and connection in her work and life.we can't wait to hear from krista in person!get your tickets now at www.ticketleap.events/tickets/gopipottumwa/lean-in-2025schedule and more information at leaninottumwa.com/fb event: www.facebook.com/events/1051520103391384#gopip #leanin #womeninleadership #empower #conference #ottumwa  ... see moresee lessview on facebook·shareshare on facebookshare on twittershare on google plusshare on linked inshare by emaillikes: 9shares: 4comments: 0comment on facebookgreater ottumwa partners in progress  is at bridge view center. 2 weeks ago vanessa mcneal is a breakout speaker at this year's lean in conference. whether you're looking to reignite motivation, foster a culture of resilience, or empower your team to overcome challenges, vanessa can provide the inspiration and expertise you need.with her transformative talks focused on cultivating resilience, overcoming adversity, and achieving well-being, vanessa will help your organization with actionable strategies and awesome stories to go along with it.with a blend of warmth, humor, and vulnerability, she connects deeply with her audiences whether delivering keynotes, workshops, or seminars. attendees leave inspired to embrace change and obstacles knowing how to unlock their full potential.whether she's addressing audiences at corporations, universities, or even military institutions like the national guard and air force, her mission is to inspire and drive positive change.we can't wait to hear from vanessa in person!get your tickets now at www.ticketleap.events/tickets/gopipottumwa/lean-in-2025schedule and more information at leaninottumwa.com/fb event: www.facebook.com/event#gopip5#leanin1#womeninleadershipn#empowern#conference##ottumwa#conference #ottumwavanessa mcneal is a breakout speaker at this year's lean in conference. whether you're looking to reignite motivation, foster a culture of resilience, or empower your team to overcome challenges, vanessa can provide the inspiration and expertise you need.with her transformative talks focused on cultivating resilience, overcoming adversity, and achieving well-being, vanessa will help your organization with actionable strategies and awesome stories to go along with it.with a blend of warmth, humor, and vulnerability, she connects deeply with her audiences whether delivering keynotes, workshops, or seminars. attendees leave inspired to embrace change and obstacles knowing how to unlock their full potential.whether she's addressing audiences at corporations, universities, or even military institutions like the national guard and air force, her mission is to inspire and drive positive change.we can't wait to hear from vanessa in person!get your tickets now at www.ticketleap.events/tickets/gopipottumwa/lean-in-2025schedule and more information at leaninottumwa.com/fb event: www.facebook.com/events/1051520103391384#gopip #leanin #womeninleadership #empower #conference #ottumwa  ... see moresee lessview on facebook·shareshare on facebookshare on twittershare on google plusshare on linked inshare by emaillikes: 2shares: 1comments: 0comment on facebookgreater ottumwa partners in progress  is at bridge view center. 2 weeks ago kristen christy is a breakout speaker at this year's lean in conference. kristen, america's resilience trainer, is a dynamic international speaker, trainer, writer, and coach. her exceptional contributions to the field of resilience have been recognized with numerous awards, including the 2018 air force spouse of the year, a 2019 top 30 women military influencer, a 2020 remarkable woman finalist, a 2021 force for change national award winner, and a 2024 top 25 military pioneer and change-maker. she is deeply embedded in all aspects of the military community and is considered a civic leader in the department of defense.we can't wait to hear from kristen in person! get your tickets now at www.ticketleap.events/tickets/gopipottumwa/lean-in-2025schedule and more information at leaninottumwa.com/fb event: www.facebook.com/events/105#gopip3#leanin#womeninleadershipm#empowere#conferencew#ottumwaerence #ottumwakristen christy is a breakout speaker at this year's lean in conference. kristen, america's resilience trainer, is a dynamic international speaker, trainer, writer, and coach. her exceptional contributions to the field of resilience have been recognized with numerous awards, including the 2018 air force spouse of the year, a 2019 top 30 women military influencer, a 2020 remarkable woman finalist, a 2021 force for change national award winner, and a 2024 top 25 military pioneer and change-maker. she is deeply embedded in all aspects of the military community and is considered a civic leader in the department of defense.we can't wait to hear from kristen in person! get your tickets now at www.ticketleap.events/tickets/gopipottumwa/lean-in-2025schedule and more information at leaninottumwa.com/fb event: www.facebook.com/events/1051520103391384#gopip #leanin #womeninleadership #empower #conference #ottumwa  ... see moresee lessview on facebook·shareshare on facebookshare on twittershare on google plusshare on linked inshare by emaillikes: 4shares: 1comments: 0comment on facebookgreater ottumwa partners in progress  2 weeks ago 🎉 congratulations to our executive director, marc roe! 🎉we’re thrilled to announce that marc has successfully completed the business leads fellowship program through the u.s. chamber of commerce foundation! this prestigious program equips leaders with the tools and insights to drive workforce and education initiatives that strengthen local economies.marc’s dedication to the ottumwa community and his commitment to fostering business growth continue to make a lasting impact. join us in celebrating this incredible achievement! 👏👏#leadership #businessleadsfellowship #ottumwa #economicgrowth🎉 congratulations to our executive director, marc roe! 🎉we’re thrilled to announce that marc has successfully completed the business leads fellowship program through the u.s. chamber of commerce foundation! this prestigious program equips leaders with the tools and insights to drive workforce and education initiatives that strengthen local economies.marc’s dedication to the ottumwa community and his commitment to fostering business growth continue to make a lasting impact. join us in celebrating this incredible achievement! 👏👏#leadership #businessleadsfellowship #ottumwa #economicgrowth  ... see moresee lessview on facebook·shareshare on facebookshare on twittershare on google plusshare on linked inshare by emaillikes: 39shares: 1comments: 0comment on facebookgreater ottumwa partners in progress  is at bridge view center. 2 weeks ago aaron putze is a breakout speaker at this year's lean in conference. from baling hay to raising livestock as a youth growing up on northwest iowa farm, aaron learned first-hand the importance of hard work, showing up, keeping your word and treating others with respect. those lessons continue to serve him well as a husband, dad, volunteer, and team leader. aaron serves as chief officer of brand management & engagement for the ankeny, iowa-based iowa soybean association. in this role, he’s traveled the globe – from china and chile to egypt and bangladesh – promoting u.s. agriculture and sustainably produced soybeans grown by iowa farmers. he’s also the author of two books and a popular speaker, leadership coach and strategist. aaron earned degrees in public relations and communications from the university of northern iowa and a supervisory leadership certificate from drake university and is an accredited public relations professional. aaron enjoys golfing, grilling, gardening, and spending time with family. he and his wife crystal and children garrett, grant, and jaelyn live in waukee, iowa.we can't wait to hear from aaron in person! get your tickets now at www.ticketleap.events/tickets/gopipottumwa/lean-in-2025schedule and more information at leaninottumwa.com/fb event: www.facebook.com/events/1051520103391384#gopip #leanin #womeninleadership #empower #conference #ottumwaaaron putze is a breakout speaker at this year's lean in conference. from baling hay to raising livestock as a youth growing up on northwest iowa farm, aaron learned first-hand the importance of hard work, showing up, keeping your word and treating others with respect. those lessons continue to serve him well as a husband, dad, volunteer, and team leader. aaron serves as chief officer of brand management & engagement for the ankeny, iowa-based iowa soybean association. in this role, he’s traveled the globe – from china and chile to egypt and bangladesh – promoting u.s. agriculture and sustainably produced soybeans grown by iowa farmers. he’s also the author of two books and a popular speaker, leadership coach and strategist. aaron earned degrees in public relations and communications from the university of northern iowa and a supervisory leadership certificate from drake university and is an accredited public relations professional. aaron enjoys golfing, grilling, gardening, and spending time with family. he and his wife crystal and children garrett, grant, and jaelyn live in waukee, iowa.we can't wait to hear from aaron in person! get your tickets now at www.ticketleap.events/tickets/gopipottumwa/lean-in-2025schedule and more information at leaninottumwa.com/fb event: www.facebook.com/events/1051520103391384#gopip #leanin #womeninleadership #empower #conference #ottumwa  ... see moresee lessview on facebook·shareshare on facebookshare on twittershare on google plusshare on linked inshare by emaillikes: 4shares: 0comments: 0comment on facebookload more



quality of life



it’s time for you to meet ottumwa!


giddy up!


ottumwa, ia regional airport


canteen lunch in the alley






it’s time for you to meet ottumwa!from world-class performing arts venues to international cuisine to attractions and green space, there’s something for everyone in ottumwa and wapello county! read more





giddy up!the greater ottumwa rodeo is an annual summer event for the entire family! read more





ottumwa, ia regional airportthe ottumwa regional airport is a 1440 acre complex located on highway 63, three miles north of the city of ottumwa.





canteen lunch in the alleyin 1927, dusty rhodes opened a five-stool restaurant called canteen lunch in the alley.





previous



next

 


become an investor!
when you invest with greater ottumwa partners in progress, you are doing more than investing in an organization.  you are investing in our region.  our programs and events support initiatives that improve the quality of life and advance the economy.become an investor here!










greater ottumwa partners in progress 217 east main street ottumwa, ia 52501phone
                                            641-682-3465
                                         




home
main street
meet ottumwa
contact
site map









                       © 2025 greater ottumwa partners in progress. all rights reserved.
                    

                        economic development websites by
                        
                            golden shovel agency.
                    








