















charlottesville, va | official website









  















skip to main content


















create a website account - manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more.   

website sign in



















    government      living & visiting      doing business      how do i...  


 

 

 

 




 










       





 
 



  
 













search







 
 
 




 















 






  
 
 












 














gis data








transit










 
 














parks & recreation








pay bills online










 
 














employment








report or request










 
 
 


























 














spotlight on charlottesville


stay up to date
 






  
 
 
















city of charlottesville and thomas jefferson planning district commission to host safety event 


this initiative aims to improve roadway safety at east high street and meade avenue.						read on...







update: city hall and facilities will remain closed on february 12 


city hall and facilities will remain closed on february 12 due to road conditions and to allow our staff time and space to clear roads and sidewalks.						read on...







city of charlottesville snow removal reminder 


charlottesville city code requires that property owners remove snow from sidewalks within 24 hours of the end of snowfall. the city manager has declar...						read on...







update: city of charlottesville activates level 1 snow operations 


update: due to the reduction in anticipated snow amounts on the streets, we have lifted the parking restrictions. you may resume parking along the des...						read on...







curbside trash and recycling collection - delayed 


due to the inclement weather, residential trash and recycling routes will not be collected february 12. collection will resume thursday, february 13.						read on...







city hall and facilities closing at 10:30 am today 


city hall and facilities closing at 10:30 am today						read on...







trash collection ahead of winter weather 


in advance of the incoming winter weather, the city's trash and recycling curbside service will operate until conditions prevent safe collection. to e...						read on...







human rights commission seeking public input 


the charlottesville human rights commission invites members of the community to complete a survey to assist in choosing focus areas for the coming yea...						read on...







special collection for tires at the southern albemarle convenience center 


saturday, march 8, 2025, from 8:00am to 4:00pm.						read on...







leon henry joins the city as director of social services 


leon henry joined the city of charlottesville on monday, february 3rd, as director of social services.						read on...







all fashion square mall bus stop to be removed on february 28, 2025 


with the closing of fashion square mall, cat will remove the fashion square mall bus stop from service on february 28, 2025.

this change affects:
...						read on...







carver recreation center to host father/daughter dances 


charlottesville parks & recreation will host two father/daughter dances on friday, february 14, and saturday, february 15 from 6:00 - 8:00 pm at c...						read on...







alexander turner jr. sentenced to 19 years 


judge claude v. worrell sentenced alexander turner jr. to 19 years in prison for eluding police, possession of firearm ammunition by a previously conv...						read on...







leaf collection schedule to restart february 24 


the city's leaf collection service is scheduled to restart beginning monday, february 24th. all collection zones will receive one loose leaf pickup se...						read on...







office of community solutions extends deadline for cdbg & home funding applications to february 21 


the office of community solutions has announced an extension for funding applications through the city’s community development block grants and home p...						read on...







leaf collection schedule restart 


due to the recent winter weather the city's leaf collection service has been delayed. an updated service schedule will be released in the near future ...						read on...











/civicalerts.aspx


  
 
 



 














news & events


know what's happening
 






  
 
 











monticello avenue - until august 1, 2026 

the sidewalk along the northeast side of monticello avenue from 6th street se to 2nd street se is closed until august 1, 2026. pedestrians are directe...				read on...




6th street se - until may 1, 2026 

the west side of 6th street se between belmont avenue and garrett street is closed. pedestrians are directed by ada barriers to cross the street and u...				read on...








stribling avenue - until november 26, 2024 

the sidewalk along 249 stribling avenue, between nob hill circle and sunset road, is closed until november 26, 2024. pedestrians are redirected by ada...				read on...




sheridan avenue & calhoun street - until april 14, 2025 

the sidewalk from 1010 sheridan avenue to 975 locust avenue, between north avenue and locust avenue, is closed until april 14, 2025. pedestrians are r...				read on...





view all news




/civicalerts.aspx


  
 



  
 





 meetings
 events




 meetings











feb
17	


president's day (city offices closed)
			all offices will be closed.		
president's day (city offices closed)read on






feb
18	


city council meeting

city council meetingread on



charlottesville economic development authority meeting,  4-5 pm

charlottesville economic development authority meeting,  4-5 pmread on



electoral board meeting

electoral board meetingread on






feb
19	


housing advisory committee meeting

housing advisory committee meetingread on



board of architectural review meeting

board of architectural review meetingread on




view all events




/calendar.aspx





 events











feb
17	


president's day (city offices closed)
			all offices will be closed.		
president's day (city offices closed)read on






mar
3	


liberation and freedom day (city offices closed)
			all offices will be closed.		
liberation and freedom day (city offices closed)read on






may
26	


memorial day (city offices closed)
			all offices will be closed.		
memorial day (city offices closed)read on




view all events




/calendar.aspx







 
 
 




 















 






  
 



  
 







contact us







city of charlottesvillepo box 911charlottesville, va 22902contact info directory
 






  
 



  
 







popular links







animal control



parking tickets



pay your taxes



trash, recycling & leaf collection



parking information



voter registration & elections









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 



  
 







site links







home



site map



accessibility



copyright notices



privacy policy









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 
 



 











government websites by civicplus®




 
 
 












loading









				loading
			


do not show again
close












  







  







arrow left



arrow right





[]



slideshow left arrow





slideshow right arrow









