










home - claremont chamber of commerce





















































 
 


















skip to content




























menu 
homeabout about us chamber team committees contact usdirectoryevents event calendar village venture arts & crafts business of the year awardsshop claremont chamber gift cards online gift shop merchant policiesmember center faq membership benefits member testimonials join the chamber claremont chamber classroom grant program ribbon cuttingschairman’s circle chairman’s circle membersbusiness resources starting a business business watch program know your elected officials city of claremont news releases hot deals job postings


























 

























 
 


 
 


 
 


 
 


 
 


 
 


 
 


 
 














join the claremont chamber






mission statement
serving as a driving force of the local economy, the claremont chamber of commerce is committed to business success through advocacy and education with access to leaders and organizations to strengthen and promote the community of claremont.












join the chamber











member login











events











village venture






















empowering claremont businesses through connection, advocacy, and growth
the claremont chamber of commerce is your partner in building a thriving business community. from local networking events and business resources to advocacy and marketing opportunities, we’re here to help claremont’s restaurants, entrepreneurs, and organizations succeed. chamber office & visitor's center is located in the beautiful claremont village.
explore our business directory, attend an event, or discover the benefits of chamber membership today!

































digital visitor's guide + business directory magazine









discover claremont with our official destination guide & business directory, available both in magazine format and online! for the third consecutive year, the claremont chamber of commerce has proudly partnered with discover claremont® to present a vibrant showcase of claremont's thriving business community. this guide offers valuable insights and highlights that make claremont a top destination to live, visit, and explore.
looking for more ways to plan your visit? explore the discover claremont® website, featuring a custom itinerary planner and an exclusive app to enhance your claremont experience.
get your free copies of the destination guide & business directory at convenient locations throughout claremont, including:
the claremont chamber of commerce office
city hall
claremont college services
california botanic garden
claremont hotels
visit us at the claremont chamber of commerce office, located in the heart of the claremont village at 205 yale ave, to pick up your copy today!



































chairman's circle members











platinum level
















                                golden state                            














                                toyota                            














                                clu                            












gold level
















                                doubletree by hilton                            














                                ont                            


































silver level
















                                edison                            














                                ca bank & trust                            














                                the claremont club                            












bronze level
















                                trumark homes                            














                                discover claremont                            














                                cornerstone home lending hlc team                            














                                kathryn barger la county                            














                                smart property                            














                                sdp                            














                                neo home loans                            













                                renken                            













                                dr.grubbs                            














                                knight chrysler dodge jeep ram claremont                            
























membership





learn more about our membership













business directory





learn more about our business directory













village venture





village venture information




















business resources





















                                discover claremont                            














                                city of claremont                            














                                business watch                            














                                know your elected officials                            














                                claremont courier                            






next
previous























 








        view this profile on instagram            claremont chamber of commerce (@claremontchamber) • instagram photos and videos 








 












© 2025 claremont chamber of commerce
 | 
site by growthzone
























contact information & hours


















205 yale ave, claremont, ca 91711 














(909) 624-1681 














contact@claremontchamber.org 







open: monday-friday from 9 am to 5 pm









facebook





twitter





instagram





google











quick links











home
member login
contact
join



























© 2021 claremont chamber of commerce. all rights reserved.









 
scroll to top
















