


how i reversed my hashimoto's thyroiditis hypothyroidism using an alternative medicine approach












 








					 mailing list  

                      about the author  
 
                      what readers say  
 
                      how to get the book  

                      more info  
















  







 keywordtitleauthor








mailing list

alternative
            medicine info

about the
            author

what
            readers are saying


            more information

how to get the
            book

book
            store


			sign guestbook


			view guestbook






get more info!





to find out how you can receive more information addressing hashimoto's, autoimmune disease, thyroid, or alternative medicine issues,click here!
			




hashimoto'sdisease chat!





join in discussions or post your own messages pertaining to hashimoto's/autoimmune disease.
click here!
			



favorite list of helpful webrings





here you will find a list of webrings which may be helpful to you in the research of your disease.  others who are experiencing the same issues can provide useful information. click here!
			




contact us





send your questions and your experiences with hashimoto's or other autoimmune disorders to:

 bob dirgo 
p.o. box 1253 
cuyahoga falls, ohio 44223 

(330)560-0157


or
email me at hashimotos@hotmail.com

































 
 



welcome to our web site!our goal is to be your #1 resource for hashimoto's and other autoimmune related disorders. in addition provide you with as many resources as possible which relate to alternative medicine and thyroid issues in general. this site will introduce you to a book which gives hope to all those suffering from hashimoto's thyroiditis hypothyroidism! this highly anticipated book is now available at iuniverse.com click 
            here to order my book! as well as amazon.com, barnes & noble.com, borders.com, other on-line booksellers or your favorite local book store. this is the first book


 of its kind, in which the author details the specific step by step approach he took to reduce his hashimoto's thyroiditis hypothyroidism. this is an impelling story that will inform and inspire the reader. this is a must read for any sufferer of hypothyroidism or autoimmune related disorder, who is open to alternative treatments. the book will keep the reader engrossed anticipating the next turn in this fascinating journey to recovery. it presents a personal triumph in laymans terms that are easy to relate to. its a message of hope, faith and joy! in addition to being an inspiring source of possibilities, it is also packed with valuable thyroid related resources. the author provides a personal health diary as well, which the reader can utilize on their journey to improved health. 











how i reversed my hashimoto's thyroiditis hypothyroidism
compiled by: robert t. dirgo 
	   edited by: mary dirgo
	 format: paperback 
	 	size:6 x 9
		pages:136
         isbn: 0-595-16708-x
		 publication date: feb-2001 




what the reviewers are saying about the book



"this book is very
            well done and a significant contribution to the 
            field."...gary null,phd., july 2001world
            renown researcher and best selling author.



"this book is very
            informative and offers an unique approach to addressing autoimmune 
            disease."...gail devers, may 2001three-time
            olympic gold medalist.



"robert dirgo's book
            proves again that by applying the principles of nature and sheer 
            determination we can overcome disease. congratulations on an 
            easy-to-read accounting of your treatment and recovery. stay 
            well."...lorna vanderhaeghe, january
            2001,coauthor of the immune system cure.



"bob dirgo 
						has demonstrated in his book the three pillars of nutritional healing; 
						balanced gastrointestinal bacteria, proper enzymatic breakdown of food 
						particles and consumption of whole organic food. if most patients would 
						follow these basic principles when approaching their health they would 
						achieve great success in preventing and curing disease. bob is blessed 
						to have one personal virtue that most people do not have and that is 
						perseverance. i pray that more of my patients and all people throughout 
						the world who are ill may persevere in faith with the hope that one day 
						they too may be relieved of their afflictions. bob has pointed out a 
						definite path to success"...dr. jeffrey starre, m.d., november
            2001,



"i highly recommend
            bob dirgo's book on hashimoto's thyroiditis. his remarkable healing 
            journey in recovering from this autoimmune illness provides a 
            testimonial of the power of the human spirit, when well nourished. 
            best, he provides inspiration and practical guidelines for fellow 
            sufferers to follow their own recovery. the amazing healing benefits 
            of microalgae are only now becoming widely 
            recognized."...jeffrey bruno, phd., may
            2001,author of edible microalgae: a review of the health 
            research.



"robert dirgo's book
            is a refreshing encounter of hope for those who suffer from 
            autoimmune disease. his extensive background in applied science 
            rings out in these pages as he expounds on his logical approach to 
            treating his thyroiditis. it appears to be the first book of its 
            kind which successfully documents the reversal of hashimoto's 
            thyroiditis using an alternative medicine approach. i recommend this 
            book highly"...dr. laurel jacobson d.c., may
            2001


"robert dirgo
            exhibits within the pages of this book, the spirit necessary to 
            overcome insurmountable obstacles. keep the 
            faith!"...harry "butch" reynolds, january
            2001,olympic gold medalist 






hashimoto's news and viewscompiled by robert t. dirgo
this section is devoted to bringing you news pertaining to hashimoto's thyroiditis hypothyroidism as well as commentary which pertains to hashimoto's.  in addition you will find links to a variety of web resources addressing hashimoto's.


endocrinology-hashimoto's

american thyroid association

the thyroid society

endocrineweb.com

health central-general encyclopedia

nat'l. women's health info. center

picture of a hashi' thyroid

abbott diagnostics division

picture of a hashi' thyroid

science news digest

thyroid foundation of canada

american assoc. of clinical endocrinologists

vanderbilt university medical center

psl group doctor's guide



autoimmune news and viewscompiled by robert t. dirgo
this section is devoted to bringing you news pertaining to autoimmune disease as well as commentary which pertains to autoimmune disease.  in addition you will find links to a variety of web resources addressing autoimmune disease.

aarda website

autoimmune technologies

mercury toxicity

autoimmune links

coping with an autoimmune disease

nat'l institute of allergy & infectious disease

cliniweb international

national pemphigus foundation

autoimmune disease webring

autoimmune links

lupus foundation of america

excite health with webmd

lupus links

hamline university

lupus canada








health on the net foundation


medical document finder
 world-wide medical search



 and
 or
 adj





 we subscribe to the  honcode principlesof the  health on the net foundation


confidentiality
   confidentiality of data relating to individual patients and visitors 
   to a medical/health web site, including their identity, is respected 
   by this web site. the web site owners undertake to honour or exceed the
   legal requirements of medical/health information privacy that 
   apply in the country and state where the web site and mirror sites 
   are located.

disclaimer! 
      neither the webmaster or the author of any material on this site, takes 
      responsibility for any possible consequences from any treatment, 
      procedure, exercise, dietary modification, action or application of 
      medication or preparation by any person reading or following the 
      information in this site. the maintenance of this site does not constitute 
      the practice of medicine, and this site does not attempt to replace your 
      physician or pharmacist. before undertaking any course of treatment, the 
      webmaster and authors of any material on this site advise you to consult 
      with your physician or health practitioner regarding any prescription 
      drugs, vitamins, minerals and food supplements, or other treatments and 
      therapies that would be beneficial for your particular health problems and 
      the dosages that would be best for you. 
	  

note! all information contained in any of the webpages linked to any of this sites pages are the sole responsibility of the webmaster of the linked pages.  robert t. dirgo is not responsible for the content of any pages connected to this site via. links.


this site is hosted for free by bizland.com.  it has been created and developed by r.t. dirgo and no other commercial or non-commercial organization has contributed funding, services or material for this site.  this site is an affiliate site for foodfit.com, green marketplace.com, about.com, borders.com, barnes & noble.com, amazon.com, mdchoice.com, magazines.com, and coolsavings.com.  affiliates receive compensation for traffic originating from their site.  this site has no paid advertisements from any commercial or non-commercial organization.




copyright© 2000-2002 by 
      robert t. dirgo
     last update 020222





























since 001226






