







home - hetco | hellenic trade council


























































 
 


 












 


homeservicesexportinvestsectorsfood & agriculturetourism & travellogistics & transportenergy & mineralslife sciences & pharmaceuticalsinnovation & technologypavilionsaboutprofilecontactmedia
 







helping greek companies exportexportready to take your business global?hellenic trade council (hetco) helps greek companies plan, develop and execute international sales strategies necessary to succeed in today’s global marketplace.market access:usamarket entry plan from experienced professionals for the us.access usamarket access:israelnetworking and peer support for greek companies in israel.access israelmarket access:chinaset up your business in chinese market easily and with minimal risk.access chinamake greece the home of your future investments,start you next business in greece.we will help you all the way.from sustained growth in tourism, unique greek gastronomy and agriculture, to technological excellence, energy, logistics and life sciences, greece is a source of continuous innovations with a global impact. explore what greek key industries have to offer. hellenic trade council (hetco) connects international buyers with the right contacts and assists investors and companies with investment opportunities. greeceunique investment opportunitiesworking with hellenic trade council (hetco) means you will receive the most relevant and up-to-date industry insights and professional recommendations when considering business expansion. our comprehensive services are confidential and complimentary.invest in greeceour latest news










gnto teams up with hetco to promote greek tourism in china
hellenic trade council will become part of the national effort for the reboot of greece’s tourism   following the outbreak of the covid-19 pandemic, the global economy is going through a very critical period in regard to its recovery  and dealing with the consequences brought by this immense and unprecedented crisis. for greece a major […]












amani swiss & hetco to support thessaloniki in the fight against covid-19
amani swiss donated personal protective equipment (face masks etc) to the thessaloniki metropolitan authority of central macedonia region for the protection of its employees, in collaboration with the hellenic trade council (hetco). our world is facing an unprecedented challenge with communities and economies everywhere affected by the growing covid-19 pandemic. hellenic trade council (hetco) is […]

 





hetcohellenic trade council (hetco) is an international non-governmental organization based in athens, greece, with a significant presence in the usa, israel and china.
aiming to strengthen the integration of the greek business sector into the global economy, and to support greece’s substantial investment opportunities.
location athens headquarters
6 panepistimiou str., 10671, athens, greece
t. +30 210 3218720
e. info@hetco.org

shanghai pavilion shanghai waigaoqiao free trade zone
10f, building 10, no.77, futexisan road, pudong new area, shanghai, 200135
e. info@hetco.org

links enterprise greece
visit greece
ekome
agora




 



© 2025 hetco. designed | developed | hosted by graphdays | creative insights and innovations 











manage cookie consent






we use cookies to optimize our website and our service.





functional



functional

								always active							






the technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.





preferences


preferences







the technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.





statistics


statistics







the technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.
the technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your internet service provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.





marketing


marketing







the technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.





manage options
manage services
manage {vendor_count} vendors
read more about these purposes



accept
deny
preferences
save preferences
preferences


{title}
{title}
{title}



manage consent














