

drug detection - testing for legal, forensic, and counseling purposes










  the forensic toxicology specialists  phone: (916) 366-3113   fax (916) 366-3917  attention: new address!!! 9845 horn road, suite 150, sacramento, ca 95827





           click on the links below to access the following:

forensic services requisition form
credit card payment form
criminal forensic fee schedule
civil forensic fee schedule
retainer fee roster by location
e-mail ddl
staff cv's
alcohol dui information form                                                                      
               

viagra® and cialis® tablet testing now available; 
          click here for details







do not e-mail us confidential credit card information.  please be aware that we do not accept personal checks. please contact us for payment options.
if you have discovery to send, e-mail is preferred; however, fax or regular mail is acceptable. 





drug detection laboratories, inc., established in 1984,  
                  provides the highest quality and most sensitive drug and 
                  alcohol testing for
courts, counselors, hospitals, public and private
        attorneys. expert data interpretation and testimony is often critical, 
                and may be provided by our experienced staff.
this site is intended to provide general information regarding 
                  drug and alcohol testing for anyone who may be interested.  
                  consultation with a qualified forensic toxicologist is always 
                  recommended.
meet the drug detection 
                  laboratories staff           ddl was
        founded in 1984 by jeffery and susan zehnder, forensic toxicologists who now have over 45
        years of combined experience in the forensic toxicology field. ddl provides a full
        service...   more...
 



 


forensic retesting  ddl provides 
                  referee re-testing for the
        forensic community.  this testing is sensitive and conclusive for alcohol and drugs in blood 
            and urine, and tests solid
        dose materials (pills, powders, syringes, clandestine 
                  laboratory samples, etc.)... more...
alcohol resources 
              and breath testing devices  click on this link to access 
              information on alcohol, breath testing devices, manufacturers 
              information, alcohol's effects, and the definition of a "standard drink"......more
links
                  to many resources including medline, toxnet,  nida, and 
            many others..
drug detection labs also can provide 
                customized analysis of various items as directed by the 
                customer. we can even analyze beverages for alcohol content.
please contact us for information.
 



 


dui and duid investigation  for links to 
            information about standardized field sobriety testing (sfst's), the 
            drug recognition evaluation (dre) process, and other information 
            related to dui and duid evaluation......more...
drug and drug testing 
            information  the detection times in urine are 
            significantly greater than detection times in blood, 
            which is also generally much more expensive. the presence of a drug 
            or drugs in urine does not...  more...
dui / duid 
            case reviews    
            ddl toxicologists can provide scientific evaluation of dui involving 
            alcohol and drugs, and in other criminal cases such as clandestine 
            drug manufacture or drug facilitated sexual assaults.  




                desire a recommendation for discovery documents? click here!
 



 





home
- 
links - 
forensic retesting - 
staff cv's and contact info -

         drug testing
        information - 
about drug detection laboratories, inc.
          


dre drug matrix chart
          -
        
fst's - 
consulting 
        
        e-mail



click here to get adobe reader


	
             	
         