













homepage | diamond vogel








































      skip to main content
    










vogel logo


























toggle navigation








homepage anchors


home


about us


our markets


careers


internships


contact us




diamond vogel navigation




architectural 


contractors


homeowners




industrial 


liquid & powder




aerosol


toll manufacturing


traffic


our brands 


old masters


van sickle





















delivering quality
coating solutions
distinctively 


 

quality is our culture. we’re constantly innovating to find new ways to create quality products and meet customers’ needs in an ever-changing marketplace.

































the diamond vogel story
rooted in
tradition
when andrew vogel began making paint in 1926, he was continuing the tradition of quality paint-making he learned from his father and grandfather in holland. andrew delivered paints that met - and exceeded - customer’s expectations, and we carry on this tradition today.  
read the complete story here


 

now in our fourth generation of vogel family ownership, we continue to deliver on our commitment to great paint and the service to go with it. we’re devoted to building strong relationships with customers, employees, and suppliers.


 


























our markets
sharing the same
mission
we serve a broad array of customers and industries. this diversity has driven us to become experts in a variety of coating technologies, including architectural, industrial, wood coatings, farm and fleet, traffic, and aerosol coatings.
learn about our markets


 

 


 

























contact us
we want to
help you
diamond vogel
1110 albany place se
po box 380
orange city, ia 51041
p: (800) 728-6435
info@diamondvogel.com
    


we are here to help! please feel free to contact us at anytime by filling out the form. a diamond vogel representative will be in touch. if you prefer to call, we are available to assist you from 8:00 am to 5:00 pm, central time.



your name



your email address


 
subject



 
message









            captcha
          




send message



 


































































