






experience ellington


















































home about outdoors directorygallerycontact us









welcome to
ellington missouri







about us








outdoors








directory








gallery








the real outdoors
adventure for your soul








“we invite you to pay us a visit, explore our hollers and hills, rivers, trails, lakes and springs. float, boat, fish, swim, hunt, camp, hike and ride in our natural areas. don’t be in a rush and remember… everything moves just a bit slower in the country………we invite you to slow down too!” read more 
explore!




natural beauty
explore the ozarks
abounding with natural attractions and recreation, enjoy a laid-back way of life and soak up every aspect of the many natural beauties. when visiting the ellington area, a few other things you won’t want to miss are the reynolds county museum, blue spring, rocky falls, klepzig mill, the shut-ins and reed spring. the current river conservation area is home to the first missouri state fire tower and peck ranch. wildlife such as eagles, elk, deer, turkeys and wild birds are abundant and can be seen daily at any of these areas.


ozark valleys
pristine waterways
located at the head of clearwater lake is crystal clear black river. three rivers, the east fork, middle fork and west fork come together to form the black river as they enter clearwater lake to the north. some of the most beautiful scenery in missouri is to be found along the black. k bridge recreation area is located just 15 miles east of ellington. camping, floating, fishing, picnicking and relaxing are a favorite pastime here. spend a day floating the black river and we promise you will be back again and again!
to the southeast of ellington sits beautiful clearwater lake. whether it is boating, swimming, water skiing, camping, picnicking, sightseeing, hunting or fishing, clearwater lake can meet your recreation needs. beautiful bluffs, miles of unspoiled shoreline and small crowds are what continue to draw visitors back to clearwater lake.


elk watch
experience nature
thanks to the recent elk restoration program by the missouri dept. of conservation, elk are now roaming the ozark highlands. they can be seen in peck ranch, current river conservation area and on private land in the elk zone. since the beginning of the program in 2011, the herd has grown to over 190 cows, calves and bulls. in the fall, the elk can be heard bugling in the early morning or very late evening, october-november.


ellington chamber of commerce — business sponsors

























































experience ellington is owned & operated by the ellington chamber of commerce.
address: 155 w walnut st. or po box 515ellington, mo 63638email: chamber@ellingtonmo.comphone: +1 573 663 7997






visit us on facebook for the latest news & events!

funding for this website is provided by a grant from the taum sauk fund. 
web design by onsite computer solutions.


adventure!

















business directorycampgroundsdiningevent venueshealthcaremanufacturingrecreationreal estateservicesshoppingsocial organizations





copyright © 2025







