





vsa consulting























































skip to content




 


home
our team
case studies

equinox
husqvarna
mack boring power equipment co.
time warner complex
william blair


contact us
 






home
our team
case studies

equinox
husqvarna
mack boring power equipment co.
time warner complex
william blair


contact us
 










invent new futures  ━━━━
 



move beyond the predictable  to realize the extraordinary 





















the role of a leader is to cause new futures that weren’t going to happen on their own.  








create a culture that generates leadership across the enterprise. 







an ecosystem where learning and innovation are pervasive.
 







a shift in how people think, feel and act that elevates engagement . 







an ability to deliver results reliably 

















1000's 



of people impacted 







100's 



of clients 







40+ 



years of experience 







20+ 



industries 







13 



countries 








$1b+ of incremental revenue for clients 





















our offerings 













executive leadership 
& team building 






what would be possible if your leaders were consistently causing the emergence of other leaders, capable of creating powerful teams and producing unprecedented results? 



inventing new futures requires new know-how.  we coach leaders to build new skills that create self-generating and engaged teams to design and deliver breakthrough results.   








creating a learning culture 






what if you could demystify culture and have direct access to shaping it?  



									we work with you to create a learning organization rich with actionable feedback, designed to challenge assumptions and support your people to win.								








strategy planning and execution  








are you committed to creating an aligned team, clear about the future with a strategy that you can execute ensuring success? 



our method consistently creates teams capable of inventing a clear pathway forward with the authorship and agility to deliver against bold goals. 










business development 








imagine being able to shift the experience of business development from struggle, worry and pressure to one of natural self-expression.  



participants learn to master the art of asking great questions, listening keenly and communicating their value so that prospects readily say “yes.” 
















select clients 













 

 

 

















 












						working with tony smith was like a shot of rocket fuel!  i discovered my vision "to create more women leaders in the world". our continuing work together enabled me to create a movement which expanded in more ways than i could ever have imagined - achieving extraordinary results for my purpose, as well as financial independence and true fulfillment.					


leslie grossmanfaculty director-  george washington university executive women's leadership    co-founder- women's leadership exchange (60k+ members) 






						vsa consulting group coached our team through our first product launch, visionprotm. through vsa’s guidance in marketing, branding and packaging our services, we doubled our client base in just three months and doubled our internal staff to handle the additional business. this has boosted team morale with everyone moving toward the same goal — to be the best in our industry. vsa coached our team to [produce] a major breakthrough,  putting us way ahead of our competitors and giving us a huge advantage. 


david h. segurapresident & ceo, vision information technologies, inc. 






						after three months of coaching, revenue is up 47% over the same period last year. prior to the coaching, revenue was up 15%. from the start date of the coaching through today, revenue is up 99% over the same time last year — totally unpredictable, a complete breakthrough.					


chris glospresident & ceo, interlink data sysstems, inc 






						the proof is in our numbers.  in the year and a quarter that you began  with our team, our client base nearly doubled, our revenue quadrupled, and we grew from being a start-up operation to being one of the 30 largest institutional brokerage firms in the country.					


seth merrinfounder, liquidnet 






						 the team at vsa has proven to have the commercial range, intellectual depth, straightforward candor and provocative demeanor that i believe fits our organization well in developing leadership and elevating high performance.  they are fun, experienced and powerful.					


 head of corporate finance for leading global investment bank 






						i had the privilege of working with tony, an expert in transformation.  tony and vsa truly had a remarkable impact on my professional growth and success. through his guidance, support, and expertise, i was able to double my book of business and become the leader i am proud to be today. working with vsa has been a game-changer in my career.					


elke rehbockpartner, dentons law office (the largest law firm in the world) 






i am a much more capable manager, leader and catalyst than ever before.  most significant to me was the tangible and meaningful impact that this technology has made available to me in my everyday family life. i am quite simply a “better” husband and father than ever before.  so thank you, for helping me chart a new direction for my life, i will forever be grateful. 


matthew j. angelovice president human resources, armstrong worldwide floor products operations 






vsa created a high performance team utilizing breakthrough coaching. the team not only made their numbers for the first time in three years, they shattered their objective by achieving 148% of their quota. 


doug segaldougregional sales manager, lucent technologies 






						our average loan consultant increased efficiency over the same period last year by 73%. loan closing ratios improved from 76% to 86%. the number of our consultants being rated ‘excellent’ in quality tripled. 


brian p. urbancicexecutive vice president, dynasty funding corp 






						vsa has assisted us in every stage: from sales initiating, recruiting and organizational design, staff development and deal negotiations, to breakthroughs in many areas. in addition, a number of our clients and portfolio companies have benefited from working with vsa.
					


tom courtneypresident, the courtney group, private equity fund 






						our goals were clear and your guidance, your energy, and your knowledge got us to the finish line… we were even recognized publicly by our hotel client as ‘the best builders in nyc’.  this particular goal of ours related to ‘pride’ and went beyond the normal ‘on time and on budget’ goals that everyone strives for.					


steve sommerpresident, lend lease lmb, inc., seniorproject executive for building the time warner center, columbus circle, nyc 






						with vsa consulting group, we successfully developed a project, entitled “simply the best,” designed to provide the best possible care for emergency room patients by establishing a multidisciplinary team of physicians, nurses and administrators who, through the coaching, were no longer encumbered by their past experiences of what didn’t work.					


dr. marc borensteindirector of the emergency medical department, major new york city medical center 




 

 























contact us 


















for inquiries please reach out. we will respond within 2-4 workdays.  







 
reach out



















 


© vsa consulting group llc 2023



















