


 haikuworld: bringing haiku poets, haiku readers and haiku publishers together! 





 






haikuhome



haikumagazines



haikubooks



monthlykukai


haikucontests


renku


beginhaiku


haikulog





















join our email list
email:  
























welcome to haikuworld!

thank you for visiting.  haikuworld exists to help publishers, poets, and readers discover one another.
by clicking the links on the menu above, you can learn more about haiku magazines, haiku contests, and haiku books.
we are here to serve you. click how to share to learn more about sending us information about your (or your favorite) books, magazines, or contests.

what's new in haiku poetry?
new on haiku world






february 28, 2011 -- the february 2011 shiki monthly kukai  call for submissions has been posted! our kigo subject for march is signs of spring and our march free format subject is crow(s).
february 25, 2011 -- the february 2011 shiki monthly kukai  results have been posted! our kigo subject for february was spring fever and our february free format subject was mirror.

congratulations to jacek margolak, winner of our kigo section and to tom painting, winner of our free format section!

we will announce the march 2011 call for submissions on monday, february 28, 2011
february 21, 2011 -- the january 2011 shiki monthly kukai  results have been posted! our kigo subject for january was dawn and our january free format subject was loss.

congratulations to svetlana marisova, winner of our kigo section and to iokua, winner of our free format section!
december 31, 2010 -- the december 2010 shiki monthly kukai  results have been posted! our kigo subject for december was winter sky and our december free format subject was ring.

congratulations to melissa spurr, winner of our kigo section and to iokua, winner of our free format section!

we will announce the january call for submissions on monday, january 3, 2011
november 27, 2010 -- the november 2010 shiki monthly kukai  results have been posted! our kigo subject for november was geese and our november free format subject was weaving.

congratulations to christopher pickslay, winner of our kigo section and to cara holman and michael mcclintock, winners of our free format section!

we will announce the december call for submissions on monday, december 6, 2010.
november 1, 2010 -- invitation to participate in snail-mail nengajyou new year's haiku card exchange


several years ago, pardee gunter introduced to the shiki bbs list the
concept of a new year's (snail mail) haiku card exchange, and those
who participated found it a very rewarding experience.  in 2006,
roberta beary suggested we renew that opportunity. a number of folks
signed up to participate, and it was great fun. even more signed up to
participate each year since.

this year jennie townsend will collect the snail mail addresses and provide a list to
all participants. please note: because it can easily cost $100 or more
just in postage to send cards to all participants, she may create
smaller lists of 15-20 or so for those who cannot afford to send cards
to the whole list, but the whole list will be made available to anyone
who requests it.




here's some background:  the tradition in japan around the new year is
to send a new year's greeting card called a nengajyou (or nengajo) to
friends, family, and acquaintances. the post office in japan is
prepared for this and actually saves these cards to ensure delivery on
january 1. many design their own cards with winter scenes or stamps.
the design typically includes the jyunishi (zodiac sign). 2011 is the
year of the rabbit. somewhere on the card appear the words akemashite
omedetou gozaimasu (happy new year).


for those who are interested in participating in this snail mail
exchange, please send jennie -- offlist please at townsend56ster@gmail.com
-- your snail mail address no later than december 1. she will compile
an address list of all participants and send it to everyone who signs
up (that list will be sent no later than december 3).



when you get your list of participants' snail mail addresses, design a
nengajyou card along the lines suggested above – and include your
original haiku with a new year's theme.  then snail-mail one card to
each person on the list so that the card will arrive by january 1. the
card can be as simple as your haiku and a message on a postcard
(handmade or purchased), or a more elaborate (handcrafted or
purchased) card with your new year's haiku within an envelope.



please put nengajyou in the subject line of your e-mail when you
send your address. and please indicate whether you want to receive
one of the small lists or the whole one.



again, please send your address offlist to:  townsend56ster@gmail.com
october 30, 2010 -- the october 2010 shiki monthly kukai 8th annual poets' choice  results have been posted!

congratulations to all the winners of this year's contest!

we will announce the november call for submissions on monday, november 1, 2010.
october 1, 2010 -- the september 2010 shiki monthly kukai  results have been posted!
 our kigo subject for september was leaves falling and our september free format subject was beach/shore.

congratulations to melissa spurr and marleen hulst, winners of our kigo section and to og aksnes, winner of our free format section!

we will announce the eighth annual poet's choice kukai call for votes on monday, october 11, 2010.
august 26, 2010 -- the august 2010 shiki monthly kukai  results have been posted!
 our kigo subject for august was august moon and our august free format subject was moving.

congratulations to ignatius fay and michael dylan welch, winners of our kigo section and to israel lópez balan, winner of our free format section!

we will announce the september call for submissions on monday, september 6, 2010.
july 31, 2010 -- the july 2010 shiki monthly kukai  results have been posted!
 our kigo subject for july was summer grasses and our july free format subject was anything quirky.

congratulations to parkeenka ntato and polona oblak, winners of our kigo section and to cara holman, winner of our free format section!

we will announce the august call for submissions on monday, august 2, 2010.
july 4, 2010 -- the june 2010 shiki monthly kukai  results have been posted!
 our kigo subject for june was nakedness and our june free format subject was children.

congratulations to beth powell and diane mayr, winners of our kigo section and to rob scott, winner of our free format section!

we will announce the july call for submissions on monday, july 5, 2010.
may 31, 2010 -- the may 2010 shiki monthly kukai  results have been posted!
 our kigo subject for may was fishing and our may free format subject was peace.

congratulations to michael mcclintock, winner of our kigo section and to angele lux, winner of our free format section!

we will announce the june call for submissions on sunday, june 6, 2010.
april 28, 2010 -- the april 2010 shiki monthly kukai  results have been posted!
 our kigo subject for april was emerging animals and our april free format subject was time.

congratulations to tim singleton, winner of our kigo section and to edward, winner of our free format section!

we will announce the may call for submissions on sunday, may 2, 2010.
march 27, 2010 -- the march 2010 shiki monthly kukai  results have been posted! our kigo subject for march was planting/sowing and our march free format subject was cookies.

congratulations to tom painting, winner of our kigo section and to c.p. harrison and tom painting, winners of our free format section!

we will announce the april call for submissions on sunday, april 4, 2010.
february 28, 2010 -- the february 2010 shiki monthly kukai  results have been posted! our kigo subject for february was groundhog day and our february free format subject was hope.

congratulations to david grayson, winner of our kigo section and to janice hornburg and catherine j.s. lee, winners of our free format section!

we will announce the march call for submissions on sunday, february 28, 2010.
february 1, 2010 -- please take time to join with the haiku foundation in celebrating another year of haiku opportunities by entering the first ever  haikunow! international haiku contest 2010.the closing date is march 31 2010 and the winners will be announced at the end of april 2010, national poetry month. this contest is free and open to all poets of any age and experience. three categories with prizes ranging from $100.00 for first place to $25.00 for honorable mentions.



january 30, 2010 -- the january 2010 shiki monthly kukai  results have been posted! our kigo subject for january was first things and our january free format subject was love.

congratulations to pia so'sua, winner of our kigo section and to melissa spurr, winner of our free format section!

we will announce the february call for submissions on sunday, january 31, 2010.
december 28, 2009 -- the december 2009 shiki monthly kukai  results have been posted! our kigo subject for december was wintering animals and our december free format subject was breakfast.

congratulations to melissa spurr, winner of our kigo section and to ann k. schwader, winner of our free format section!

we will announce the january call for submissions on sunday, january 3, 2010.
november 26, 2009 -- the november 2009 shiki monthly kukai  results have been posted! our kigo subject for november was cold or flu and our november free format subject was decorations.

congratulations to elinor pihl huggett, winner of our kigo section and to ann k. schwader, winner of our free format section!

please look for the december 2009 call for submissions on or about monday, november 30, 2009.
october 24, 2009 --  the seventh annual poets' choice kukai  results have been posted!

congratulations to francine banwarth, winner of our kigo section and to janice hornburg, winner of our free format section!

please look for the november 2009 call for submissions on or about sunday, november 1, 2009.
september 30, 2009 -- the september 2009 shiki monthly kukai  results have been posted! our kigo for september was fog and our september free format theme was back to school.

congratulations to catherine j.s. lee, winner of our kigo section and to melissa spurr, winner of our free format section!

please look for the 7th annual poets' choice call for votes on or about saturday, october 3, 2009.
august 30, 2009 -- the august 2009 shiki monthly kukai  results have been posted! our kigo for august was corn/maize and our august free format theme was fasting/hunger.

congratulations to melissa spurr, winner of our kigo section and to collin barber, winner of our free format section!

please look for the september 2009 call for submissions on or about sunday, september 6, 2009.
july 31, 2009 -- the july 2009 shiki monthly kukai  results have been posted! our kigo for july was mold/mildew and our july free format subject was boat/ship.

congratulations to rafal zabratynski, winner of our kigo section and to karen j. mcclintock, winner of our free format section!

please look for the august 2009 call for submissions on or about sunday, august 2, 2009.
june 25, 2009 -- the june 2009 shiki monthly kukai  results have been posted! our kigo for june was  graduation  and our june free format subject was wood.
congratulations to tom painting, winner of our kigo section and to beth powell, winner of our free format section!

please look for the july 2009 call for submissions on or about sunday, july 5, 2009.
may 26, 2009 -- the may 2009 shiki monthly kukai  results have been posted! our keyword was berry  and our free format subject was umbrella.

congratulations to tom painting, winner of our kigo section and to gautam nadkarni, winner of our free format section!

please look for the june 2009 call for submissions on or about sunday, may 31, 2009.
april 26, 2009 -- the april 2009 shiki monthly kukai  results have been posted! our kigo subject was april fools  and our free format theme was fence/wall.

congratulations to carol raisfeld, winner of our kigo section and to francine banwarth, winner of our free format section!

please look for the may 2009 call for submissions on or about sunday, may 3, 2009.
february 15, 2009 -- the january 2009 shiki special kukai  results have been posted!


the shiki special kukai, the toku, in memory of william j. higginson
was the seventh to be held and sponsored by the ehime culture
foundation and hiromi inoue and kim komurasaki of the shiki team at
matsuyama from the shiki haikusphere site.

on february 15, 2009, the shiki team at matsuyama presented the grand
prize to dorota pyra, a preschool teacher from gdansk, poland, the
poet who took first place in the special kukai held in memory of
william j. higginson.



we will be announcing the april 2009 shiki monthly kukai topics on
sunday, april 5, 2009.
december 22, 2008 --  the december 2008 shiki monthly kukai  results have been posted! our kigo subject was rabbit or hare  and our free format setting was the night.

congratulations to elena naskova and melissa spurr, winners of our kigo section and to janice hornburg, winner of our free format section!

please look for the invitation for submissions of a very special kukai on new year's eve, wednesday, december 31!
november 24, 2008 --  the november 2008 shiki monthly kukai  results have been posted! our kigo section keyword was any species of tree and our free format theme was everyday people.

congratulations to melissa spurr and roberta beary, winners of our kigo section and to gryta wansdronk and jan o'loughlin, winners of our free format section!

please look for the december 2008 call for submissions on or about monday, december 1, 2008.
october 22, 2008 --  the sixth annual poets' choice kukai  results have been posted!

congratulations to april serock, winner of our kigo section and to gosia zamorska, winner of our free format section!

please look for the november 2008 call for submissions on or about monday, november 3rd, 2008.
october 11, 2008 -- as you may have already heard, our friend william higginson has completed his struggle with cancer.  curtis dunlap shared a letter from penny on his blog, where it would be appropriate to share a remembrance about bill if you have one.  bill actually wrote a column for our begin haiku webpages, which i introduced with some thoughts about bill.  his column was called a sense of the genre, a sense of the language.  penny, our thoughts and prayers are with you.  thank you for sharing bill with us for all these many years and the support you gave him in his artistry.
september 22, 2008 --  the september 2008 shiki monthly kukai  results have been posted! our kigo subject was autumn and our free format subject was rock or stone. congratulations to april serock, winner of our kigo section and to devika menon, winner of our free format section!

please look for the 6th annual poets' choice call for votes on or about monday, october 6th, 2008.
august 26, 2008 --  the august 2008 shiki monthly kukai  results have been posted! our kigo subject was spiders and our free format theme was home improvement. congratulations to paul hodder, winner of our kigo section and to carolyn coit dancy and melissa spurr, winners of our free format section!

please look for the release of the september call for submissions on or about monday, september 1st, 2008.
july 31, 2008 --  the july 2008 shiki monthly kukai  results have been posted! our kigo subject was firefly and our free format subject was documents. congratulations to miriam chaikin, winner of our kigo section and to melissa spurr, winner of our free format section!

please look for the release of the august call for submissions on or about monday, august 4th, 2008.
july 7, 2008 -- roberta beary invites you to view the words i meant to say, an online exhibition of her haiku presented at 3lights gallery. the exhibit also features a short interview with roberta by curator liam wilkinson.
june 25, 2008 --  the june 2008 shiki monthly kukai  results have been posted! our kigo subject was sand and our free format theme was secrets.
congratulations to edward, winner of our kigo section and to tom painting, winner of our free format section!

please look for the release of the july call for submissions on or about monday, july 7th, 2008.
may 26, 2008 --  the may 2008 shiki monthly kukai  results have been posted! our kigo subject was lily and our free format subject was musical instrument.
congratulations to collin barber, winner of our kigo section and to gosia zamorska, winner of our free format section!

please look for the release of the june call for submissions on or about monday, june 2nd, 2008.
april 27, 2008 --  the april 2008 shiki monthly kukai  results have been posted! our kigo subject was any herb and our free format subject was rust.
congratulations to francine banwarth, winner of our kigo section and to melissa spurr, winner of our free format section!
march 23, 2008 --  the march 2008 shiki monthly kukai  results have been posted! our kigo theme was anything spring and our free format theme was aging. congratulations to paul o. williams, winner of our kigo section and to nancy nitrio, winner of our free format section!
february 29, 2008 --  the february 2008 shiki monthly kukai  results have been posted! our kigo subject was early spring and our free format theme was  night life. congratulations to tom painting, winner of our kigo section and to petar tchouhov, winner of our free format section!
january 30, 2008 --  the january 2008 shiki monthly kukai  results have been posted! our kigo subject was plum and our free format theme was short days. congratulations to audrey downey, winner of our kigo section and to frances mccarthy, winner of our free format section!

haiku book news

do you have a new haiku book that you think our readers should know about?  please send it for co
nsideration to editor@haikuworld.org

january 23, 2007 - we've just learned that red moon press will be releasing big sky: the red moon anthology 2006 on february 1st! i own most of the
previous ten annual anthologies, and count them among the best books in my haiku library.  i hope tha
t you will join me in placing your order!  follow the link to also visit their new website and learn
what else has been happening at red moon press.
 
internet haiku update

do you have news about an internet haiku site that you would like to share?  please send it for consideration to editor@haikuworld.org.

january 24, 2007 - david lanoue continues to bless me every day with a haiku from his daily issa mailing list.  if you subscribe with the "deluxe" version, you get david's fine english translation of the haiku, the romanji of the haiku, and the original kanji of the haiku.  what a great bit of haiku culture in the inbox each day!
january 8, 2007 - gilles fabre shared with us the january issue of the haiku ireland newsletter.  a very nice 23 page newsletter, currently accepting submissions for the april edition with a deadline of march 15 for inclusion.  (also visit gilles' site: haikuspirit.org.)
january 5, 2007 - anatoly kudryavitsky sent us news of the new irish haiku society website.  best of luck to our friends at ihs!

haiku magazine updates

do you have an announcement about a haiku magazine, or information about subscriptions that you would like to share?  please send it for consideration to editor@haikuworld.org

january 24, 2007 - our friend jane reichold has announced the february issue of her magazine lynx available now on her aha! poetry site.
haiku in the news

january 24, 2007 -- did you know you can now join the haiku society of america by a convenient online application?  if you forgot to renew your membership, there is no time like the present.  i just did mine, and the whole thing took less than three minutes!


haiku contest

our haiku contest section has been totally updated - click for information for student and adult contests with deadlines from march to september 2007.
we are currently updating our contest section.  if you have a no fee or non-profit sponsored haiku contest to announce, please send details to editor@haikuworld.org so that we may include it here.







amazon.com has an amazing collection of haiku books.  we'll be posting new ones in our haiku from amazon section.

it seems there are always files that no one can find!  here is a complete file list of web pages at haikuworld.org

my email box is always open . . . 
gary warner
glwarner@haikuworld.org

do you have a haiku website?  you might be interested in the haiku webmaster's society.  members share links to one another's web pages to help spread the news about good haiku on the internet.


the haiku poetry of issa - david lanoue knows more about issa than any english speaker of which i am aware.  this site has over 4,000 issa haiku!  dr. lanoue has also been very helpful to me in finding issa poems and helping with translations.


















 search haikuworld.org
 search the web 














