 



university of virginia school of medicine























































 







skip to content

uva school of medicine


university of virginia school of medicine
logo of uva school of medicine






























































							menu
						





search icon






education

education home
md program

vmed
medical education technology support


graduate medical education
biomedical sciences phd program

medical scientist training program


public health sciences program
continuing education
clinical performance education center
center for excellence in education


research

research home
office for research
services for researchers
research departments
research centers
research core facilities
research news
research faculty directory


clinical

clinical home
anesthesiology
dermatology
emergency medicine
family medicine
medicine
neurology
neurosurgery
obstetrics & gynecology
ophthalmology
orthopaedic surgery
otolaryngology
pathology
pediatrics
physical medicine & rehabilitation
plastic surgery, maxillofacial, & oral health
psychiatry & neurobehavioral sciences
radiation oncology
radiology & medical imaging
surgery
urology
uva health: patient care


diversity

diversity home
diversity overview
student resources
gme trainee resources
faculty resources
community resources
contact


faculty

faculty affairs & development home
awards & honors
leadership programs
professional development
meet our team
policies, administration & governance
promotion, tenure & faculty actions


news
about
 







search







submit



 






congratulations to the newest endowed professors
the 2024 faculty awards ceremony recognized the newest endowed professors and celebrated faculty excellence with clinical, research, and teaching awards.

learn more











som 2024 annual report celebrates our achievements
we are excited to share the uva school of medicine 2024 annual report, a 32-page publication highlights exemplary work in the four mission areas of research, education, clinical care, and community.

read the annual report











51 bims students on the path to phds
the som biomedical sciences graduate program (bims) honored third-year students who have successfully passed their qualifying exams in the spring and are now embarking on the journey toward earning their phds.

learn more











pinn hall’s namesake honored with portrait
dr. vivian w. pinn was honored with a portrait that permanently will hang in pinn hall. she graduated from the som as the only woman and african american in her class and went on to incredible achievements in medicine and science.

more photos and event recording











dean melina kibbe delivers 2024 state of the school address
the dean reviewed the past year’s school of medicine achievements in research, education, clinical and community efforts, including appreciation for alumni and philanthropy.

more photos and event recording











dean melina kibbe welcomes you to the uva school of medicine
melina r. kibbe, md, the 17th dean of the uva school of medicine and chief health affairs officer for uva health welcomes you to uva school of medicine. dr. kibbe is building on the momentum generated by former dean david wilkes’ leadership as the school continues to pursue its mission…

watch the video













				news			 




uva health’s third annual aspire day was tremendous success
team members from across the uva health system enjoyed aspire day 2025 including dean melina…
learn more
community





school of medicine faculty honored at university of virginia outstanding…
2024 uva research achievement awards honors outstanding research faculty. the university of virginia honored faculty…
learn more
featured





postdoctoral researchers: an integral part of great scientific innovation
  the school of medicine is excited to debut a new video celebrating our postdoctoral…
learn more
featured





2025 dr. martin luther king, jr., uva health system awards…
(from left) karen johnston, jennifer phillips, and margaret davis congratulate marquita taylor. the 2025 dr.…
learn more
diversity, equity & inclusion





uva receives $9.3 million award for clinical trial using ketamine…
jaideep kapur, mbbs, phd the university of virginia has received funding from the national institute…
learn more
featured





uva health launches mobile care unit
to make it easier for patients who have trouble accessing traditional healthcare facilities to receive…
learn more
clinical






				honors & awards			 







kelly shaffer, phd, named chair-elect of the scientific network on…
learn more









four uva health teams earn national patient experience awards
learn more









professors who founded springbok named uva innovators of the year
learn more







													pillars of the school of medicine											



education



we train the next generation of health science professionals and advance knowledge in the medical sciences by strengthening and expanding our world-class educational programs.


learn more







research



we conduct innovative and impactful research that will improve human health by serving as a hub for scientific discovery and its translation to clinical care.


learn more







clinical



we radically improve patient access, enhance the patient experience, and lead in the delivery of the highest-quality patient-centered care.


learn more







community



we build a supportive culture of pride, fulfillment, and a sense of belonging for all, while becoming the best place to work, learn and grow. we also deepen our relationships with the communities we serve and innovatively address the most pressing community health needs.


learn more









				events			 



bias in healthcare
facilitated by kimberley r. barker, mlis, librarian for belonging & community engagement description/learning objectives bias…
learn more
mar 6, 2025




joseph larner memorial lecture in pharmacology: bryan roth, md, phd
the university of virginia department of pharmacology is holding its annual joseph larner memorial lecture…
learn more
mar 7, 2025




20th annual uva conference of liver disease and gastroneterology
this conference is designed to provide general and gastroenterology physicians, physician assistants, nurse practitioners, and…
learn more
mar 8, 2025




p&t polishing the portfolio: panel discussion
panelists robert nakamoto, phd, som coordinator of academic achievement and professor emeritus of molecular physiology…
learn more
mar 10, 2025




p&t polishing the portfolio: panel discussion
panelists robert nakamoto, phd, som coordinator of academic achievement nadine aguilera md, co-chair of the…
learn more
mar 11, 2025




writing the personal statement for promotion and tenure: a hands-on…
please bring your cv, personal statement drafts (in any state—can even be in notes form),…
learn more
mar 12, 2025






							facts & figures						 


 
blue ridge/public

19


 

 
research funding

274
m


 

 
alumni

7490


 

 
students

1050


 

 
faculty

1352


 

 
md applicants 

5872


 









university of virginia school of medicine
logo of uva school of medicine

























































									200 jeanette lancaster way
charlottesville, va 22903								


map marker



map and directions





school of medicine

about the school
alumni association
emergency planning
uva human resources
policies & guidelines


 

employees

som web support
som intranet
hs email login
uva email login
its support
hit support


 

news and events

medicine in motion news
health system calendar
making of medicine blog


 





© 2025 rector and visitors of the university of virginia.all rights reserved.






facebook








twitter








youtube






privacy
financial disclosures
copyrights
non-discrimination policy
 







patient services
medical center
physicians group
claude moore library
school of nursing
uva
 






































 