






oc indoor range



































714-529-0300














714-529-0300








                    the orange county indoor shooting range has been here in brea for 21 years. before us, two other
                    range companies called this building home. unfortunately, the company that rents the building out
                    has decided after almost 40 years, they no long want to have a shooting range in their facility. we
                    were given the notice that our lease would not be renewed.
                

                    we have already begun the task of finding a building to call our new home. moving the company to a
                    new facility gives us the opportunity to build a range that will better serve the shooting
                    community. we will be able to have a larger range with more lanes and more space available for
                    education, catering to shooters of all experience levels.
                

                    as we prepare to pack up our business here and look to the future, it’s given us time to reflect on
                    our past. over the last 20 years, we have worked with so many different people from our community.
                    boy scouts have learned to shoot here, and then gone on to join the armed forces or law enforcement.
                    domestic violence survivors have learned to protect themselves. law enforcement officers have been
                    coming here since the beginning. families came together to learn, friends came to have fun, people
                    came here on dates. people from other countries come here to experience a freedom that they aren’t
                    granted by their own government.
                

                    that freedom is one we don’t take for granted, and we are committed to continue serving the shooting
                    community. it has been, and will continue to be, important to us that people have a place to educate
                    and arm themselves.
                

                    this move will be a challenge, but it’s one we are excited to take on with all of you. you can follow us on facebook, instagram, and tiktok for updates on the construction, gun shop opening, and the range facilities opening.
                

                    lastly, and probably most importantly, we wanted to thank you from the bottom of our hearts for all
                    your patronage over the years. it means the world to us and we sincerely hope we will see you when
                    we open the doors at the new shop.
                






subscribe to updates

email address  *







 












                oc indoor range will no longer be taking shooters after january 9th.
            







714-529-0300 |
            







