




trypsru home


















tryps.rockefeller.edu
 


 serving the trypanosome research
community since 1999

















the top left panel shows original drawings by surgeon-captain david bruce, of the british army medical service, who identified trypanosoma brucei as the cause of the 'tsetse fly disease' in african cattle in 1895. the human disease is called sleeping sickness: infection leads rapidly to coma and death.
the left panel shows a color-enhanced scanning electron micrograph of trypanosoma brucei among blood cells. ©  michael duszenko, university of tübingen, germany.
          a comprehensive set of ~13,000 complete and partial vsgs and corresponding coding sequences from several trypanosome species and strains, finalized in 2017, are available for downloading here. they are all available in genbank.
     use the google-driven site search box to find something quickly. apologies that this now goes onto the internet too, which it did not originally do.










weather forecast





what is molecular parasitology?
what are trypanosomes?

what are trypanosomes
why study trypanosomes
african sleeping sickness
antigenic variation


research resources

general protocols
cell lines
culture methods

introduction
detailed review
media composition
media preparation


genomeanalyses

vsg sequences for downloading
sas and pas predictions

genetic methods

introduction
plasmids
cre-lox system
in-situ tagging


trypanosome pedigrees

introduction
lister 427
treu 927
eatro 1125 (aka antat-1)
eatro 795/lump 227
s42
stib 246/348
stib 247
stib 386


vsg sequences

vsg sequence downloads
historical information for pre-2013 lister 427 vsgs


commentaries

trypanosome culture
paper-writing tips
upcoming




publications

1990-present
1980-1989
pre-1980


commentaries

trypanosome culture
paper-writing tips
upcoming


conference calendar and photos
trypanosomes in art
alumni information

alumni
location



unless indicated otherwise, all material on this site is © (copyright) of the author or other parties and may not be republished without permission. if you have comments, problems or suggestions, please contact me. clear your cache to ensure you are viewing current versions of these pages, which are updated as time permits or as information changes significantly. the information and opinions on this web site are the responsibility of the authors and not the rockefeller university.
        home page updated july 18th, 2024.
        others to follow soon.
        





