







websponsors — premium online advertising and lead generation
















 

 
 




websponsors




publisher login


login information

username



password




not a member? register now
forgot your password?



login
 remember me
















advertisers
publishers
agency
list management










this website requires javascript.
 please enable it in your browser and refresh.



this website requires cookies.
 please enable cookies in your browser and refresh.


this website is temporarily unavailable.
 please try again later.





lead generation
websponsors is the best-in-breed lead generation platform. the network is the preeminent marketplace for   direct marketing advertisers and publishers offering: 

top   quality results
superior account services 
innovative technologies

advertisersadvertisers will find unmatched efficiency and scale with the   websponsors' network, with turnkey distribution across hundreds of high   quality content websites. our lead generation technology provides   qualified data capture in a 100% controlled environment, which   translates to brand control and results driven performance. advertisers   can leverage the response-based network to drive registrations,   sweepstakes and online sales. utilizing a variety of pre-approved direct   response mediums, network publishers can guide targeted consumers to an   advertiser's website or a branded lead capture form hosted by   websponsors.



publisherswebsponsors' network provides its publishers with the campaigns,   payouts, tools and support to maximize yields on their websites and   e-mail lists. the breadth of campaigns and formats available through   this extensive network translates to multiple earning opportunities -   with the efficiency and innovation only provided by websponsors. we have   new campaigns going live daily with a consistent mix of high yield   brand and direct response advertisers. through the best-in-breed   interface, publishers can access co-registration, cost-per-action,   promotional and cost-per-sale offers with ease.
solutions
start your next campaign by logging in above, or contact us today to learn more about how websponsors network can work for you.




contact us
tel
		717.346.3600
email
publishers@websponsors.com










member privacy policy | copyright 2011 -  websponsors. all rights reserved.    




home | news | advertisers | publishers | agency | list management 











close









