













the palm place nursery and tree farm > melbourne's largest range of tropical plants and trees




























both the nursery and garden supplies will be closed from friday the 20th of december and back open for business on monday the 13th of january




skip to main content





  account

account home
orders
pay invoices
favourites
wishlists
resolution centre
edit my details
edit my address book




 shopping cart - 0 items

































                    menu

                    shop

                    cart (0)

                    account




shop


artificial garden panels

artificial turf products

fencing panels and products

fertilisers & garden care products

fire pits

firewood products

plants

spa accessories

water features



garden supplies & soils

delivery information

plant hire

about us


our stock list

delivery information

advanced palms & plants

tropical garden design

returns & refund policy



guides & info


indoor plants guide

grass tree guide

choose the right palm

planting guide

selling? get the most from your garden

pets & plants

drainage test - the must do

tropical garden design



wholesale

faqs

contact us


















this is us
the palm place nursery and tree farm is your home of quality tropical plants, trees, shrubs, succulents, hedging plants, palms, ferns, grass trees and much much more. we are open to all customers including retail and wholesale with 1000's of plant instore or on our farm. 
our staff are trained for all your plant questions and strive to provide a friendly and honest service to everyone. 
we also offer one on one appointments with our design and sourcing team to ensure you get everything you want for your new garden.
we stock and grow only the best plants and pride ourselves on our quality first approach while maintaining competitive prices.
we deliver to all parts of metropolitan melbourne area.
our soil yard is now open and stocking premium garden soils, mulch, crushed rock and more. pickup and delivery available. 
we are open monday to saturday (closed sundays)
 
our principles
1. we are a 'quality first' nursery and focus on selling best quality plants and offering quality advice
2. we employ qualified and honest staff who are genuinely passionate about plants
3. we ensure that our nursery is a friendly environment where anyone is welcome including dogs on lead
4. we strive as much as possible to ensure that our customers get the lowest possible price without sacrificing on quality
 

the palm place nursery introduces greenvale garden supplies
as palm place nursery has grown we looked for new opportunities and new adventures; hence the birth of greenvale garden supplies. 
situatied at the one location in greenvale, our garden supplies business now offers quality soils, mulch, sands, crushed rock and other garden products in bulk and at great prices. 
our focus is to supply customers with everything they need for their garden and our staff are committed to helping you with every step.

shop plants and much much more
homeimprovement2day most popular 2018 award

homeimprovement2day most popular 2019 award
 

please note that due to biosecurity measures there are restrictions on plants being delivered outside of victoria. 
therefore unfortunately we cannot deliver plants interstate and any orders placed in error will be refunded.



featured products







peace lily - spathiphyllum sensation 250mm

$54.90








add to cart













aqua spa sanitiser 500ml

$16.00








add to cart













golden cane palm - dypsis lutecens 200mm

$29.90








add to cart













ponytail palm - beaucarnea recurvata 200mm

$29.90








add to cart













chinese windmill palm - trachycarpus fortunei 200m

$29.90








add to cart













ginger red back form - alpinia cerulea red back 20

$29.90








add to cart













grass tree microbes mix 10 doses

$80.00








add to cart













ficus hilli standard - ficus emerald standard 250m

$59.90








add to cart














stay in touch
subscribe to our newsletter and we'll keep you up to date on our products and services.












								i have read and agree to
								terms & conditions















service
my account



about us
about uscontact us




copyright © 2025 the palm place nursery and tree farm.
					e-commerce software by netoabn: 66475204026





facebook









terms & conditions
×


	welcome to our website. if you continue to browse and use this website, you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use, which together with our privacy policy govern the palm place nursery and tree farm’s relationship with you in relation to this website. if you disagree with any part of these terms and conditions, please do not use our website.

	the term ‘the palm place nursery and tree farm’ or ‘us’ or ‘we’ refers to the owner of the website whose registered office is 685 mickleham road , greenvale, vic, 3059, au. our abn is 66475204026. the term ‘you’ refers to the user or viewer of our website.

	the use of this website is subject to the following terms of use:


		the content of the pages of this website is for your general information and use only. it is subject to change without notice.

		neither we nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on this website for any particular purpose. you acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law.

		your use of any information or materials on this website is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable. it shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information available through this website meet your specific requirements.

		this website contains material which is owned by or licensed to us. this material includes, but is not limited to, the design, layout, look, appearance and graphics. reproduction is prohibited other than in accordance with the copyright notice, which forms part of these terms and conditions.

		all trademarks reproduced in this website, which are not the property of, or licensed to the operator, are acknowledged on the website.

		unauthorised use of this website may give rise to a claim for damages and/or be a criminal offence.

		from time to time, this website may also include links to other websites. these links are provided for your convenience to provide further information. they do not signify that we endorse the website(s). we have no responsibility for the content of the linked website(s).

		your use of this website and any dispute arising out of such use of the website is subject to the laws of australia.

close







privacy policy
×


close

























