

demigod llc, owner zak smith









   demigod llc   
   articles   
   photos   
   videos   
   training   
   about   
   links   





demigod llc produces
articles,
photography, 
video, and
training.  also: content generation, r&d and new product consulting,
and: specialized web hosting for related businesses.



 articles featured in
shotgun news, book of the ar-15, book of the ak-47, guns & ammo tactical guns & gear, guns & ammo combat arms,  tactical operator, accurateshooter.com, 6mmbr.com










long-range rifle training. -
1000 yards and beyond. 
real field shooting: real applications - 
military, sporting, hunting.  
thunderbeastarms.com -
now booking classes in nm and or!


all articles >>
demigod llc >
articles
(most recent 5 below)





kinetic research group's whiskey-3 chassis for the tikka t3  - 

the mystique and allure of long-range shooting is almost universal. 
the krg w3c stock for the tikka t3 is designed for this expanding market. this stock system gives the budget-priced t3 rifle full adjustability and many of the features sound on the expensive sako trg line.   i reviewed the krg w3c stock on a rifle built by short action customs in .260 remington with the steiner military 3-12x50mm tactical scope.

        [more >>]
a brief introduction to high-power rifle suppressors - 

i have been shooting high-power bolt-action rifles at long range in competition since 2004. the same year, i had the opportunity to try a modern suppressor on a long-range rifle and there was no going back.  modern suppressors allow the use of full-power ammunition, do not reduce the muzzle velocity, do not contact the bullet during flight, and usually aid accuracy.

        [more >>]
2010 steel safari practical rifle match - 

the 2010 steel safari can be characterized by one word: hot. temperatures started ramping up on friday for the long-range side match, reaching about 100 degrees fahrenheit, and peaked on saturday with a high of 109. the shooting was hotter than ever too, with winning scores higher than ever before, and more shooters with high scores than every before. 

        [more >>]
the hensoldt 4-16x56mm: how does it stack up?  (abbreviated version) - 
      the latest exciting news in optics for long-range shooting is
      that the carl zeiss optronics hensoldt line of sniper scopes is
      now being imported by hudisco.  i tested the hensoldt 4-16x56 mm
      first-focal plane scope on an accuracy international rifle
      chambered in 7 mm remington magnum.  this article describes how
      the hensoldt stacks up against the rest of the field of high-end
      scopes for practical long-range rifle shooting.
        [more >>]
first look at trijicon's new ta11 with green horse-shoe reticle  - 
i had an opportunity to take a first look at trijicon's new ta11 with the green horse-shoe reticle and here are my impressions. the biggest two changes to the ta11-gh are the new reticle design and the larger, finger-adjustable knobs.  after spending some time with the ta11-gh, here's what i think: it works great, just like the original ta11.  overall, the ta11-gh has mostly good changes. the new reticle will work great at mid-range distances. 
        [more >>]





sponsors

the following industry sponsors help to support demigodllc.com and make it possible.   please let them know
if you appreciate this site.


  



  


donations


do you enjoy demigod llc articles?
     please consider making a donation:







contact

[email] demigodllc@gmail.com


 

© copyright 2006-2010 demigod llc, all rights reserved
nothing from this site may be used without written permission
demigodllc@gmail.com




