











the rookery golf club | public course milton, de - home



















please ensure javascript is enabled for purposes of website accessibility

























                 



tee times
















 
slide1tee timesexperience 18 holes of championship golf, rated 4 stars by golf digest, with some of the best rates in delaware.book a tee timeslide2email specialsif you are looking for the lowest rates and best deals we offer, look no further, we have a low price guarantee right here.sign up todayslide3membershiptreat yourself to an annual membership at the rookery. pick a plan that works best for you. walk anytime!learn moreslide4gift cardslooking for that perfect gift for the holidays or someone's birthday? shop our online store. free shipping!buy onlineslide5golf outingsthe rookery is the perfect venue for your golf outing, tournament, or charity event. our facility is heralded as one of the best.learn moreslide6golf lessonsour pga certified golf instructors are here to help your game. we offer custom plans and are a certified flightscope facility.learn more 













 


 home
 golf course 

 course information
 scorecard & map
 rates & fees
 book tee times
 golf instruction
 online store
 the club 

 memberships
 the heron grille
 hole-in-one club
 outings & events 

 golf outings
 junior registration
 men's registration
 ladies clinics
 club calendar
 contact & location 

 email specials
 contact & directions

 

tee times  (302) 684-3000

the rookery golf club27052 broadkill roadmilton, de 19968
































        welcome to the rookery    the rookery golf club opened august, 2000 and has become a local favorite in the delmarva peninsula. set between swelling mounds to the west and a heron rookery to the east lies the championship 18 hole layout offering a wonderful playing experience for golfers of all abilities. 2004 senior british open champion pete oakley and golf course superintendent chris adkins designed the rookery south to be challenging, but fun for all skill levels. the course features well-conditioned bentgrass greens, tees and fairways that will add to every golfer's enjoyment. the course is minutes away from the lewes and rehoboth beach area!




    
        tour the course    
        




    
        book a tee time    
        














                    course updates                







                                                            military discounts!                            
                            
                        
military with id: enjoy $5.00 off regular rates for 18 holes and cart.






                                                            need some help with your game?                            
                            
                        
schedule a lesson or series of lessons with butch (director of golf), kyle (head golf professional).  call the golf shop at (302) 684-3000 to make an appointment today.

















"this golf course was impeccably maintained. every fairway, green, and bunker was a testament to the dedication of the groundskeepers..."

timothy s., google local guide review














corporate & charity events
                        golf outings                    
your outing, tournament, or charity benefit will be elevated to the next level when hosted at the rookery. small groupls & full field milti-day events welcome.



    
        learn more    
    




































highly coveted. join today.
                        membership                    
area residents can enjoy all the great golf and benefits of the rookery as members. treat yourself and family to one of the best memberships in delaware.



    
        learn more    
    
















open to the public
                        restaurant                    
at the heron, you'll find a variety of menu selections from fresh salads to grilled sandwiches and healthy wraps. the cusine and service are truly unique.



    
        view menu    
    
























"played here over memorial day weekend and it was absolutely gorgeous. very well maintained, the staff was friendly, and the starter was extremely pleasant..."

adam c., google local guide review












 
















gift cards & more
        online store    
click here

 
















view our calendar
        upcoming events    
click here

 











                    upcoming events                
mon, mar 10, 12:00am: aerification
mon, mar 10, 12:00am: aerification
mon, mar 17, 12:00am: american legion
thu, apr 10,  6:00am: women's fest
wed, apr 30,  6:00am: lewes fire department
sat, may 17, 11:00am: demo day
sat, aug  9, 12:00am: rookery club championship

full calendar




                    in the news                






2025 memberships - sold out

rookery single, afternoon and family members on sale now! walk anytime!
treat yourself and your family to one of the best memberships in delaware. 
click here





flightscope launch monitor

the rookery now has a certified flightscope launch monitor and are doing custom fittings, gap fittings, skill tests and more.  call either golf shop to schedule your appointment on flightscope today!
click here
















homemembershipgolf coursetee timescourse ratesgolf lessons















email specialsthe heron grilleclub calendargolf outingsonline storecontact & location




© the rookery golf club • 27052 broadkill road • milton, de 19968(302) 684-3000 • contact • sitemap • website by: the rwm company









