


retractable awnings manufacturer - eastern awning






















 











home

warranty details

awnings

request form 

faq

about ea







 









retractable fabric awnings built to last a lifetime!

          shade when you need it, sun when you want it!












































retractable 
						fabric awnings photo gallery








learn how eastern awnings can beautifully soften your exterior space.
                      
						
more awning details











quality comparisons & 
						awning technical specs







key quality points of the eastern  retractable fabric awning. no other 
						retractable awning can compare.
                      
						
more 
						awning details











downloadable awning installation manual







sunflexx 
						awnings instructions 
 sunscape 
						awning instructions
 mini awnings manual new
 maxi awnings manual new












certified 
							engineered awning wind loads












 
							the only nationally sold retractable awnings with 
							certified engineered awning wind loads.
                      
						

more awning 
							details


















new products & offerings


















eastern awning systems, inc. is happy to announce these new products available beginning in 2011.
                      
						


click here














 




 
awning - retractable patio awnings
retractable 
				  awnings from eastern awning are manufactured in the united 
				  states. our awnings are engineered for wind loads & use high 
				  quality components. a superior quality fabric awning from 
				  eastern awning will help control the summer heat and glare of 
				  your outdoor deck or patio so you can enjoy the outdoors for 
				  years to come.
fabric 
				patio awnings and deck awnings
retractable fabric awnings can be made with 
						beautiful 
						fabrics. fabric styles and colors by the hundreds are available to make your 
					        selection from. motorized awnings or crank operation can be supplied to suit your 
						patio awning needs. 
						expand your living space to include your deck or patio 
						and the great outdoors with the 
						comfort level of a favorite shade tree by installing a quality 
						engineered retractable fabric awning. if you want the 
						best retractable awnings available, make your awning 
						choice an eastern retractable awning.
retractable awning 
				operation
our high quality 
						retractable fabric awnings come in two operational 
						modes, electrical push button or easy hand crank. your 
						retractable awning can be rolled in and stored or 
						extended for easy use giving a cool shade tree comfort 
						to your deck or patio. 
your retractable awning is there 
				when you need it and gone when you do not. customize 
				and upgrade you deck or patio with a new beautiful retractable 
				deck awning of impeccable quality from eastern awning built in 
				the u.s.a. 

				eastern awnings are found in many famous 
				locations.our 
				retractable awnings are found at the marina hotel owned by 
				donald trump, the chicago white sox stadium and the white house! we 
				also have retractable awnings on the mayor's residence in 
				moscow. these prestigious locations speak to the high quality 
				and appearance of our retractable awnings and these high quality 
				retractable awnings are the same deck and patio awnings you can 
				have at your home or business.
 view 
				famous places our sunflexx awnings can be seen.
eastern awning inc. warranties 
				the retractable awnings we manufacture in the u.s.a for 15 
				(fifteen) years from your awnings date purchased from one of 
				our authorized retractable awning dealers.
 view 
				retractable awning original purchase warranty details
window awnings
retractable window 
				awnings provide the benefits of protection from the sun's solar rays 
				streaming in through your windows causing damage to furnishings 
				while keeping your home cooler 
				and lowering costs for energy related to cooling costs. compact 
				mini retractable widow awnings with  integral 
				awning hood 
				is available in widths up to 10 ft. larger 
				window awnings are available in our maxi window awnings with 
				retractable awnings spanning window widths to 30 foot.


more mini and maxi window awnings info...
 


















warranty details awning gallery request form find dealers faq about ea home 







send e-mail to eastern awning • call eastern awning 800-445-4142
© 2014 eastern awning systems, inc. all rights reserved.








