






wild spirit education – bringing nature into the classroom













































wild spirit education







homeeducationsupportaboutcontact










wild spirit education





about us


wild spirit education’s focus has always been to better the natural world. through our variety of education programs, scientific research and advocacy we can serve this mission. 







we offer a wide variety of environmental education programs that can be performed in local schools, eldercare facilities, company picnics or wherever you wish. we offer a variety of programming needs for scouts of all kinds. if you are interested in scheduling a program with us, please call claire at (716) 202-8002.







education


wild spirit education is one of the premier environmental education facilities in western new york. our educational programs span a variety of nature topics, from survival skills to birds of prey to nature games. we believe that a hands-on approach allows our students to learn quicker and retain the information longer.


we work with all ages from pre-schoolers to seniors. we perform hundreds of programs each year at schools, eldercare facilities and public venues.









our public programs are open to anyone interested in nature. these programs vary in topic from wildlife rehabilitation classes to general nature hikes across wny. our naturalists are well versed in a variety of nature topics.



public programs


we offer a variety of public programs throughout the year, from wilderness survival techniques to wildlife rehabilitation classes. our highly informed naturalists cover a variety of topics. we use various venues across the western new york area to host these public programs.











we also lead guided nature hikes throughout western new york. some of these hikes are just to get out and explore the area while others are themed. hikes are held year round. pre-registration is required for any hike or public program. you can find out what public programs are upcoming and register at our public programs page











wild spirit education – bringing nature into the classroom






















wild spirit education, inc. is a not-for-profit 501(c)3 organization dedicated to enlightening others to the wonders of the natural world through conservation, preservation and environmental education. copyright 2024 wild spirit education, inc.










