









your finance blog - academybankco









































retraite
immo
financement
entreprise
bourse/crypto
banque
assurance
actu
 





select page


  
 



 



 










academybankco

a financial professional at your service.







keep your accounts on a daily basis
accounting

all accounting transactions should be recorded on a daily basis. accounting documents, bank transactions, sales or purchase invoices, etc. must be filed and it must be verified that all expenses have been accounted for and that each entry has been entered in the corresponding account.o!

see more



declaring your taxes
taxes

tax filing can sometimes be complicated, especially for young people. discover all our advice to optimize your money.

see more







don’t live beyond your means
economics

it seems elementary but it is nevertheless an essential rule to remember. it is less the fact that we earn little that prevents us from saving than our propensity to spend it all, or even to spend more.

see more









the importance of the purchase
investing

it is a golden rule in real estate: a good investment is negotiated at the time of purchase. to do so, it is imperative to buy below market prices. why is this? to increase the rate of return, of course, but not only. a real estate investment below market prices ensures you an interesting capital gain on resale.

see more







our latest articles











a beginners guide: who pays the most tax?

financementit is a highly debatable issue of who pays the most tax, but such debates usually don't interpret or confuse the facts leading to varied results. let us look at some of the taxes we pay. what is income tax incomes tax makes up most of the revenue for the government....
read more




how covid-19 affected students and their academics

actucovid-19 has created history in the past year. a global pandemic has occurred, and everyone is trying to fight against it. it has affected people of every age. it has indeed caused a global stir, and everyone is moved from their regular routines. but what about...
read more




all you need to know about building your income with top investments in 2021

financementinvesting at the right time and place is essential for a side hustle and extra money in your bank. 2020 has been an exemplary year that showcased how much scrabbling cash from a side business is necessary. last year was proof that a side hustle was essential to...
read more




why studying economics is important and why you should study it too

entrepriseeconomics plays a very vital role in our lives. from enabling us to decipher the past, future, and present models to applying that understanding to the societies, cultures, governments, and businesses, it has limitless potential. but before answering why studying...
read more




top accounting software and why you need them for your business

entrepriseaccounting software is an application that allows organizations to record and manage the flow of finances. it brings about the money for internal and external review and the overall auditing process. owning software for accounting allows for a streamlined flow of...
read more















 







contact 




designed by elegant themes | powered by wordpress 






























