





norwalk river rowing – community rowing on the norwalk river since 1986





























































































 






















 

 











toggle navigation



about us 

vision & history
contact info & location
board of directors
forms and policies
outreach 

matthew zucker memorial fund
why outreach?
how you can help




youth 

learn to row
middle school
high school
summer programs
rowing in college
frequently asked questions
financial assistance


adult 

learn to row
intermediate adult rowing (novice)
experienced programs
winter training
membership
open row // guests
private boats storage
nrra team building experience – corporations/organizations


regattas 

regatta listing
regatta fees


donate
sign up!
 










norwalk river rowing
promoting a passion for rowing – regardless of age or incomecommunity rowing on the norwalk river since 1986

sign up!donate 




 

















spring 2025 programs are posted! click here. contact us for questions about any of our programs.norwalk river rowing welcomes wilton crew!
nrra forms and policies 

2024 nrra northeast regional champions headed to sarasota for nationals
2024 equipment & scholarship pledges





youth
norwalk river rowing  provides a great environment for youth! we teach respect, discipline, team work and commitment. all of this while they get fit, fast and have fun. from learn-to-row and development rowing to the competitive racing team.



adults
the world of the masters rower is the joy of rowing. we have programs for the new rower in you that wants to learn, the experienced rower who likes to stay in shape, and the competitor in you that wants to lay it all down on the water.







about norwalk river rowing
we are fairfield county’s oldest community rowing center; a 501(c)3 non profit organization promoting a lifelong passion for the sport of rowing – regardless of age or income.
norwalk river rowing offers programs for all ages and skill levels, including adult learn to row and masters rowing, our competitive high school racing teams, and the middle school and high school learn to row and recreational programs. we also offer corporate team building programs and support local outreach for norwalk youth, as a local non-profit organization.













crewsreel 


 


news 


rowing brings big wins, benefits for wilton athletes							









 


news 


norwalk river rowing youth finish second in the nation at youth rowing national championships							

after a strong showing at northeast regionals in may, 25 young athletes from norwalk’s own norwalk river rowing club qualified for the 2023 usrowing youth national championships, in sarasota, florida earlier this month, besting some read more…







 


news 


norwalk juniors – more medals from narragansett, ri							

we are pleased to report that the norwalk river rowing junior race team had a very fine conclusion to its summer racing schedule and returned home from the narragansett sweeps & sculls regatta on august 6th with more medals! despite facing a read more…



 






get in touch
norwalk river rowing association1 moodys lane norwalk ct 06851203.866.0080info@norwalkriverrowing.orgmore information on the about us page 






twitter
facebook
© norwalk river rowing association 







winter is coming!
middle school programs posted. high school programs coming soon.
why row? sign up now!


x			






fall programs posted!
why row? sign up now!


x			






summer is in the air! let’s get out and row!
why row? sign up now!


x			






punxsutawney phil said spring is coming!
why row? sign up now!


x			




































