








learn arabic online | arabic language | arab academy
























































 






























skip to content

















  


search for:








how it workscoursespricingpricing for teens & adultspricing for kidsarabic in cairoresourceslearnlessonssteps to learning arabicarabic alphabetfree testwall of lovealpt learn more about the arabic language proficiency test.

demo videos see how our adult and children’s courses work.

blog read the latest news and helpful tips from our blog.

get help get the help you need from our dedicated support team.

contactsign uploginalpt login 









search for:


















learn arabic onlineadmin2025-01-09t08:20:56+00:00 
start your journey to fluency with arab academyour online arabic courses for kids, teens, and adults are available 24/7 for all levels (beginner to advanced).
start learning todayfree lessonstart your journey to fluency with arab academyonline arabic courses for kids, teens and adults available 24/7 for all levels (beginner to advanced).
start learning todayfree lesson

learn online


learn in cairo


take a proficiency test
trusted byhow it worksenrolling with arab academy will take you on an exciting journey as you learn to speak the arabic language online through an effective and trusted resource. our simple and comprehensive steps will put you on the right track to complete your learning journey easily and quickly, whether it’s for work, school, or personal enrichment.
after you choose a payment package for one of our arabic language courses, you can then sign up and start learning immediately. after making the payment, you can meet with a course advisor who will walk you through the orientation process and make sure you are enrolled in the best course for your needs.
how it workshow it worksenrolling with arab academy will take you on an exciting journey as you learn to speak the arabic language online through an effective and trusted resource.
our simple and comprehensive steps will put you on the right track to complete your learning journey easily and quickly whether it’s for work, school, or personal enrichment.
learn all about how our programs work and what makes arab academy the best choice to learn arabic.
how it workshow it worksenrolling with arab academy will take you on an exciting journey as you learn to speak the arabic language online through an effective and trusted resource.
our simple and comprehensive steps will put you on the right track to complete your learning journey easily and quickly whether it’s for work, school, or personal enrichment.
learn all about how our programs work and what makes arab academy the best choice to learn arabic.
how it worksarabic onlineour structured online arabic courses cover everything from the basic alphabet to the culture and everyday vocabulary. we help our students to learn through fun activities, writing assignments, and tests. the courses work to help our students gain a solid foundation so that they can speak, write, and read the language coherently. take a look at our course outlines to gain a better understanding of what our online classes offer.
we also offer programs tailored to different age levels. whether you are an adult looking to learn arabic, or you have a teen or young child who has a desire to learn, you can choose from our flexible language courses the option that best suits your needs. our programs are available 24/7 for you to enjoy at your convenience. learn more about how our programs work and what makes arab academy the best choice to learn arabic by contacting our team or exploring our website.
arabic for teens & adults
standard arabic
colloquial arabic
islamic arabic
courses for teens

view all adult coursespricing for teens & adultsarabic for kids
courses for kids

view all courses for kidspricing for kidslearn in cairoat arab academy, we believe that many students learn a foreign language best by putting it into practice. what better way for students to practice their arabic language skills than an egyptian cultural immersion experience? traveling to a new country allows students to experience the rich arab heritage, literature, music, food, and more. students can learn firsthand about the customs and traditions of that country. challenge yourself to try something new with our immersion program and learn arabic in cairo.
your experience in cairo will include:
professional, qualified native teachers

central location

various courses tailored to different proficiency levels
learn morelearn in cairoat arab academy, we believe that students learn a foreign language best by putting it into practice. what better way for students to practice their arabic language skills than an egyptian cultural immersion experience?
professional qualified native teachers
central location
different courses for different levels
learn morehelpful resources from our blog






7 steps to learning arabic


						gallery					


						7 steps to learning arabic					

learn about arab culture, learning arabic language, learning arabic online, online courses







7 steps to learning arabic








february 2025 student spotlight


						gallery					


						february 2025 student spotlight					

student spotlight







february 2025 student spotlight








how can i learn arabic as an adult?


						gallery					


						how can i learn arabic as an adult?					

learn about arab culture, learning arabic language, learning arabic online, online courses







how can i learn arabic as an adult?

get started learning the arabic language todaysign up and find out why so many people, schools, and universities have turned to arab academy for a comprehensive and successful arabic language learning program. learning the arabic language allows you to connect with new people, learn about a unique culture, enjoy professional opportunities, and so much more. the benefits of learning a new language also allow you to enjoy enhanced personal growth and better communication skills. send us an email or fill out our online form today to learn more about our pricing, lessons, and cultural immersion experiences.
get started today

omar ashmawi, uk
"arab academy opened the door to speak arabic comfortably with strangers and family, i’ll come back to get fluent."


joanna maddocks, uk
"arab academy has given me more confidence in arabic and more knowledge on cultural topics in egypt."


amadou talla, usa
"arab academy has opened my mind to a new culture and i've made a lot of new friends."
view more testimonials



 
 
arabic for adultsstandard arabic
colloquial arabic
quranic arabic
arabic for kidskids arabic courses
ab initio gcse
helpful resourcesdemo videos
lessons
live support
alpt
blog
about usmission
faqs
testimonials
contact us
contact us3 alif kamil el-shinnawi street
garden city 11451
cairo , egypt
phone
+20 111 670 4021

+20 111 218 0305
fax
+20 227955201
copyright 2012 – 2021 arab academy | all rights reserved


 
 
page load link

 
















cookies and other technologies may be used, by us or by third parties, to personalize and improve your experience, perform analytics, and advertise our services and products. by clicking “i agree” below, you agree to our terms and conditions and consent to the use by us and our third-party partners of cookies and data gathered from your use of our platforms. please take a moment to review our terms and conditions and privacy policy.i agree



 


go to top




