fort myers hotels: find fort myers hotel information and read reviews by hotelguide
homeaboutcontactfort myers hotels - homepageespañolmobile versionlist your hotel area hotel rates group hotel rates website directory add url metroguide.network > hotelguide > north america > fort myers homepagefort myers hotelshotel posts“20 room motel in fort myers beach area”“beach area motel very close to nightlife/restaurants/shops.

spacious accommodations in…”posted by: holiday court motel“daydreaming about warm tropical nights and spectacular sunsets?”“you found it at the holiday inn fort myers beach resort hotel. dip your toes into the war…”posted by: holiday inn fort myers“welcome to the holiday inn downtown historic district fort myers”“you will know we are a step above the rest as soon as you walk into our large, recently r…”posted by: holiday inn fort myers downtown historichotels may post descriptions here without charge.reader reviews“hidden gem”private member, akron - “this resort is a hidden gem. been coming to fort myers b…”said about: rl ambassador suites“great place to stay”member, marge, akron - “stayed here for our thanksgiving vacation. the place was …”said about: rl ambassador suites“needs more up dates”non-member, reader - “could use a better up date. disposal did not work and refri…”said about: mainstay suites fort myersreaders are welcome to share opinions.by location » by name » (try keywords "hotel with a pool" or a zip code)
welcome to hotelguide.networks' directory of hotels and hotel reviews for fort myers, florida!

now promoted as the beaches of fort myers & sanibel rather than as merely the lee island coast, greater fort myers nevertheless steadfastly retains its old florida aura. southwest florida's lee county is at the forefront of gulf coast leisure with pleasant communities like bonita springs, cape coral, north fort myers and, further inland, lehigh acres. world-class shelling along shores of sanibel and captiva and other idyllic stretches of sand remains a hot commodity, along with an overall unhurried atmosphere. despite hurricane force winds of recent seasons, stately palms continue to shade winter homes of inventor thomas edison and his neighbor henry ford, open as a combo attraction, and among the nation's most visited homes. after a 17-month hurricane-related hiatus and $140-million in renovations, south seas resort on captiva island reopened in winter 2005-2006, with the offshore sailing school also returning to its original location at the resort, offering signature courses and specialty programs. newer attractions include zoomers amusement park in fort myers beach, opening phase 1 of the 18-acre attraction in 2006. greater fort myers lodging, including more than 39,000 hotel and condo rooms, ranges from quiet romantic inns to spectacular golf and tennis resorts. 

we have organized our listings of fort myers's local hotel accommodations into several geographic 
areas and alphabetically.  you can begin browsing for hotels in the greater fort myers area by 
selecting one of the links shown below.



browse hotels by location:
·sanibel - captiva
hotels on two popular islands in the gulf of mexico, known for the "sanibel stoop" made by tourists hunting for seashells in the powdery sand. 

·fort myers beach
hotels in this casual beach village loaded with parks, tranquil beaches, watersports, and tree-lined pedestrian walkways.  

·surrounding communities
hotels in nearby towns in lee and charlotte counties, such as lehigh acres, punta gorda, cape coral and the area around the southwest florida international airport (rsw). 

·naples, florida metro
hotels south of fort myers, in the metropolitan area of naples.  

·fort myers
hotels in the central fort myers and downtown areas, located on the banks of the caloosahatchee river.  




browse hotels by name:abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz
you can return to the hotelguide fort myers home page at any time by pressing on the "hotelguide" button in the left margin of the page.
area facts: the southern most land battle of the american civil war occured in fort myers in february 1865.  the local area code for fort myers is 941.  
« top of pageadjacent links:naples hotelspalm beaches hotelssarasota hotelsrelated links:hotel website directorydaytona beach hotelsflorida keys hotelsfort lauderdale hotelsgainesville hotelsjacksonville hotelsmiami hotelsorlando hotelspanama city beach hotelspensacola hotelsspace coast hotelstallahassee hotelstampa hotelstreasure coast hotelsother versions:fort myers guía de hotelesmetroguide.network > hotelguide > north america > fort myers homepage« top of page | sitemap 
© 1996-2025, metroguide.com all rights reserved.privacy policy | terms and conditionsto list your hotel with the fort myers hotelguide service: click here.to contact hotelguide: click here.hotelguide and hotelguide fort myers are service marks of metroguide.com, inc. hotelguide network is a registered service mark of metroguide.com, inc. all other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. metroguide.com, inc. does not own or operate hotel properties. metroguideretailguidediningguidehotelguideattractionguidecruiseguidemore locations...full map
fort myers hotels:our readers'3 smile favoritestween waters innbest western waterfront hoteldays inn cape coraldays inn southpink shell beach resortlani kai island resortoutrigger beach resortbest western waterfrontdays inn punta gordasundial beach resortmatanzas inngull wing beach resortdiamond head beach resortlover's key beach clubvilla sanibelhotels by featurenon-smoking hotelwifipet-friendlymeeting facilitygay-friendlyswimming poolfitness centerin-room safelarge hotelsmall hotel





