


blogging blagojevich's blunders




















    
	blogging blagojevich's blunders
	
  






monday, january 09, 2006




"would that be african or european?""i don't know... aaaaaaah...""how did you know?""you have to know these things to be the king."but what do you need to know to be the governor?what is the state reptile? amphibian? see peoria journal star (kelly mahoney).



posted by carl nyberg at 5:10 pm
0 comments






thursday, december 29, 2005



	 
	 eisendrath will not be challenged
	 
    


springfield journal-register (doug finke) reports the dem party will not challenge eisendrath's nominating petitions.this explains something for me. a union guy was claiming blagojevich had no ward organization support and that i was probably witnessing union people check sigs on eisendrath's petitions.but i was pretty sure they were a ward organization.the blagojevich campaign mustered union members while madigan mustered the ward organizations.



posted by carl nyberg at 4:22 pm
0 comments






wednesday, december 21, 2005



	 
	 "volunteers" checking eisendrath's sigs
	 
    


yesterday i was at the cook county clerk's office at the invitation of james t. smith who is running against sen. kimberly lightford in the democratic primary.in the afternoon there was a big group checking petitions of a statewide candidate. the guy in charge referred to downstate counties as "places no one will ever go". the other line that stuck in my mind was that the leader was asked about the employment status of the sig checkers. he said they were off the clock, on different shifts or "flex time".when i came back in the evening the same guy was checking people in at the security desk. i was asked gruffly by the security personnel what campaign i was with. i used smith's name, but asked if it mattered.the two security guards were frustrated with having to escort people in to the building. i don't know how necessary it was. and to the extent it was a problem, the security guards were out-of-line blaming the campaigns. if the clerk and the board of elections didn't plan for this when they decided to have the offices open in the evening, it's not like it was my fault.one thing that struck me as interesting was that the security guards offered to deputize a person from the blagojevich campaign as an authorized escort. i doubt there was a partisan political angle to this. they probably just didn't want to make all the trips and decided the checker from the blagojevich campaign was ok. but it does show how the powerful get special consideration automatically in society.i rode the elevator to the fifth floor. the blagojevich guy was going to the sixth floor. he said, "so you're not going to give me the satisfaction who you're with?" when i had said i was with "james t. smith" i did ask in a somewhat accusatory manner, "does it matter?" i explained that james t. smith was not my name, but the name of a state senate candidate.when i got inside, almost all the computers were taken by a group working together. and nobody was there from the smith campaign. i figured i'd volunteer to help the blagojevich people check eisendrath's petitions. i explained i would swith over to helping smith when he showed up.one guy referred me to a male supervisor. he explained the system and gave me a sheet with mostly chicago sigs. the chicago sigs had already been checked at the chicago board of elections. i did one page (less that six suburban cook sigs) but got busted when i went back for another page.the big supervisor, a female, said, "you're not with our group." they had signed-in as "democratic party of illinois". i explained my situation and told them if they preferred i would not check sigs for them. i did intend to stay at the computer i was using so i wouldn't be boxed out.i don't know what political organization they were with, but i suspect it was a ward organization. the two people next to me were from county commissioner earleen collins office. james smith knew them. everybody else was relatively young and there were no blacks, asians or latinos.at one point the group asked if any of the sig checkers were from the 13th ward. the announcement was that the 13th ward people were supposed to be upstairs.i'm not sure when requiring "volunteer" political work becomes illegal, but it seems hard for me to believe that all those people were there because they love rod blagojevich and thought helping his campaign was the best use of their time five days before christmas.if any journalists want to investigate the story, everyone was required to sign into the clerk's office. i expect if you run their names in the voter rolls it will be pretty clear which ward they were from.



posted by carl nyberg at 11:32 am
0 comments






tuesday, december 20, 2005



	 
	 coming out of retirement?
	 
    


i got a note from a blogger of some note encouraging me to cover the blagojevich/eisendrath race.i also posted a comment on eisendrath at illinoize. illini pundit made a comment about eisendrath reaching out to the netroots. i mentioned i hadn't been contacted.now i have been contacted.here's the bullets from eisendrath's announcement speech:• tell us why you raided nearly $2.3 billions from the already under funded pensions of teachers and state workers.• tell us whether you will rescind orders to state employees forcing them to carry your promotional literature.• tell us how you plan on paying for the election year give aways you are announcing daily.• tell us if you will refrain from using contributions raised by appointees to boards and commissions that dole out lucrative contracts and investments.  • tell us how you opened the door for republicans to run against corruption while george ryan is on trial. should i start blogging about blagojevich again?i'm considering it. if someone were to sponsor the effort it would help me justify the time put into the project.



posted by carl nyberg at 4:26 pm
0 comments






friday, september 16, 2005



	 
	 blago's hand in the cookie jar?
	 
    


according to the sun-times, blagojevich hasn't be caught with his hand in the cookie jar, but a witness has reportedly told the feds he saw g-rod's hand in the cookie jar.here's one to speculate about:how much does this bother michael madigan?



posted by carl nyberg at 1:38 pm
0 comments






monday, september 05, 2005



	 
	 governor's special message on katrina
	 
    


i'm inclined to give blagojevich credit on his response to katrina.see archpundit.



posted by carl nyberg at 7:58 pm
2 comments






thursday, september 01, 2005



	 
	 new blog: proviso probe
	 
    


i've created proviso probe to be a media outlet for proviso township.there's enough shenanigans to be interesting.you are invited to visit and comment (unless you are a spammer).



posted by carl nyberg at 6:11 pm
0 comments










join campaign to oust rod
this listserve exists to organize people who want to see blagojevich challenged in 2006.
previous posts

"would that be african or european?""i don't know....
eisendrath will not be challenged
"volunteers" checking eisendrath's sigs
coming out of retirement?
blago's hand in the cookie jar?
governor's special message on katrina
new blog: proviso probe
will blog for food
shifting tax burden to the property tax
warm springs: hbo film

links
blagojevich links
wikipedia entry
state of illinois bio
congressional bio
rod report
patti, the wife
dick mell, the father-in-law
challengers
joe birkett (r)
bill brady (r)
ron gidwitz (r)
ray lahood (r)
andy martin (r)
jim oberweis (r)
steve rauschenberger (r)
judy baar topinka (r)
potential challengers
peter fitzgerald (r)
tom mccracken (r)
political parties
democratic party of illinois
illinois green party
libertarian party of illinois
illinois marijuana party
illinois republican party
chicago socialist party
illinois blogs
basketball
unearth illinois
local people; national issues
annoyinglittletwerp
austin mayor
*bill baar's west side
brain droppings
collective interest
*dan w. drezner
damn liberals
decrepit old fool
doshi's daily
*drug warrant
glittering eye
locussolus
making tomorrows military today
marathon pundit
notes of chaos
okasaki fragments
one good thing
*reading a1
red hot chicago blog
running from the thought police
selfish hedonist
a storm in the port
that colored fella's weblog
tins:::rick klau's weblog
tps report
vice squad

state and local politics
ace of trump
*archpundit
big mama's joint
*capitol fax blog
carbondaley dispatch
chicago: howtown on the make
decatur democrat
discursive recursions
downleft
*djwinfo
dump dick durbin
eleventh hour
icjl
illinipundit
ilpundit
*the inside dope
*makesmeralph
ryan marucco
modern vertebrate speaks!
more for carbondale
one man's thoughts
os-blog
peoria pundit
polis
public affairs
radicaljacksonian
randomactofkindness
reason and common sense
russ stewart
the view from here
west north
what is up with decatur, illinois?
merle widmer's peoria watch
willy nilly
wurfwhile
bulletin boards
forest park.com
illinois watchdog
oak park gop
other illinois blogs
alright
balancing boyfriends
bloggo chicago
*budgeting babe
bunny blog
chicago photo weblong
cloudshift.net
confessions of a naughty girl
a cool web of language
*cta tattler
entropy in action
great lakes zephyr
horizontal lives
hot blog and relish
illini? or huskie? ....illini!
internetcases.com
little blog on the prairie
lollygaggin
movable walls
*ms. deja vu
no boobies here
oddly enough, the revolution will be televised.
pete lit
pound
ravings of a corporate mommy
self titled
serial killers and pornos
sex and the second city
southport squealer
st charles public library
ursula's not so secret history
media intersects blogs
barbara brotman
chicago newspapers
chicagoist
news-gazette weblog
peoria television stations
*sun-times watch
*eric zorn's notebook
regional blogs
indiana
iowa
daily davenport politics
kentucky
bluegrassroots
kentucky blog
kentucky democrat
last sane man
missouri
faith based politics
gone mild
western michigan
wisconsin
althouse
conglomeratemy peeps
bookofdays
*chicago veterans for peace
collective interest
james woodworth prairie
sandra sokol
*yin yang
worthy efforts, not local
draft feingold blog
draft zinni!
joe lieberman, dino
politology (cross partisan opposition to bankruptcy bill)
the washington note (john bolton info)
political references
the 10 regions of u.s. politics
109th congress district maps
center for responsive politics
dave leip's atlas of u.s. presidential elections
ivi-ipo
newpolitics1
politics1
the political oddsmaker
pollingreport.com
professor pollkatz
project vote smart
larry sabato's crystal ball
*state board of elections
swing state project: illinois
media
internet
c-maywood.com
chicago imc
forestpark.com
gapers block
illinois leader
oak park journal
urbana-champaign independent media center

newspapers
belleville news democrat
benton evening news
berwyn gazette newspapers
bureau county republican
business ledger ('burbs)
carmi times
catholic new world
chester sun times
chicago daily law bulletin
chicago jewish news
chicago reader
chicago standard newspapers
chicago sun-times
chicago tribune
commercial-news (danville)
crain's chicago business
daily american (west frankfort)
daily clay county advocate-press
daily herald (w & nw 'burbs)
daily-journal (kankakee)
daily register (harrisburg)
daily review atlas (monmouth)
daily southtown
daily times (ottawa)
el dia
*forest park review
the dispatch (quad cities)
eagle publications (macomb+)
elburn herald
examiner pub's (bartlett+)
hancock county journal-pilot
herald & review (decatur)
hoy
hyde park herald
indy (bloomington-normal)
inside publications (northside)
journal gazette/times-courier
journal and topics
journal standard
journal star
kane county chronicle
lawndale news
ledger sentinel
morning sentinel
newcity chicago
news media corporation
northwest herald
pantagraph
pioneer press
polish news
la raza
saukvalley.com
southern illinoisan
the star
streetwise
suburban chicago newspapers
third coast press
times-press
tri-state media
wednesday journal
windy city times
woodstock independent
newspapers affiliated with schools
the alestle (siu-e)
bradley scout
chicago flame (uic)
chicago maroon (u of c)
chronicle (columbia college)
daily eastern news
daily egyptian (siu-c)
daily illini
daily northwestern
daily vidette (isu)
the depaulia
the journal (uis)
northern star (niu)
orange and blue observer (uiuc)
the phoenix (loyola)
tech news (iit)
uic news
the warbler (eiu)
western courier
radio, television n stuff
capitol fax media links
isn't that special?
springfield interest groups


past illinois governors
bios of governors and their wives
archives

january 2005
february 2005
march 2005
april 2005
may 2005
june 2005
august 2005
september 2005
december 2005
january 2006



about me

name:  carl nyberg 
location:  forest park, illinois, united states 
view my complete profile

thank you for visiting blogging blagojevich's blunders.
















since february 15, 2005, this site has had  hits.
help the dems win back the house of reps in 2006. contribute to illinois candidates at the blogging blago's blunders page on act blue.


â«
chicago
blogs â»







to contact carl nyberg email carl circled "a" collectiveinterest spot net or call (773) 430-3538.



