








j*i*t manufacturing inc.















 
































jobs

 iso rec-cert completed (read) 

past news

view archived mars rover news (read)


jit news archive (read)

presentations
pdf presentation 
customer feedback
 
your feedback is important to us! please take our survey here.
 






electro-mechanical assembly
our electro-mechanical assembly offers a one-stop solution for you to complete your products under our control while saving you valuable time and resources. (learn more....)










check our stock onhand
our on-hand stock page allows you to keep up-to-date on our inventory instock. check stock
 
 
 



 




 





.:: home ::.  |









jit is the total solution for your electronic manufacturing services. jit is uniquely qualified to deliver the products and services you need to compete in today's global marketplace.


 








 
 







successful companies excel in core business and technology competencies that distinguish them from their competition. other areas, such as manufacturing, are outsourced to take advantage of cost efficiencies and process specialization. the burdens of internal functions, such as purchasing, are dramatically reduced because so much of the manufacturing process can be effectively outsourced to jit - reducing your vendor base and manufacturing complexity dramatically. jit's broad manufacturing capabilities and extensive value added service enable jit to be your ultimate outsource.

our engineering staff can assist in the design process by recommending appropriate high quality and readily available components with efficient manufacturing process. the result is the lowest total cost design. 
quick turn prototypes - with over 25,000 component parts in our system, jit can deliver prototypes in as little as one day. 
cad services - jit can work with your drawings in all the popular cad formats - or send us your sketches and jit will create professional drawings.












we are proud to be an iso  certified manufacturer because it takes a lot of hard work and dedication to achieve - and sustain - an internationally recognized quality system. we achieved this high distinction in 1994 and continues to emphasize continuous improvement. iso 9001:2015 certification was not the end achievement, but the beginning.
 
our certificate can be found here (pdf doc). 
conflict material policy found here. 








 

our commitment to quality enables jit to be your lowest total cost supplier. just like your company, we seek supplier partners who consistently meet our requirements. call us - we can end your time consuming supplier search - just-in-time. 














product testing and certification
									guaranteed quality products
fast turnaround - from quote to delivery
connectorization - termination consulting
small lot sizes

 

engineering and design support - quick turn prototypes
electronic transactions - edi, bar coding 
component and assembly kitting
stock programs - jit delivers 
lot tracking
first article design validation



















   © 1996-2020 jit companies. all rights reserved. privacy policy | terms | site map | call us: (800) 992-5111





