








best crypto wallet, exchange and blockchain themed films - best crypto wallets movies - dc environmental film fest















































 





 





blockchain and crypto movies & youtube  podcasts
 







best crypto wallet, exchange and blockchain themed films 

the environmental film festival has become one of the world’s largest and most influential showcases of environmental film..  documentaries, podcasts narratives, animations and shorts are shown, as well as archival, experimental and children’s films at venues throughout the city.  films are screened at partnering museums, embassies, libraries, universities and local theaters and are attended by large audiences. 
top 10 crypto wallet movies
1. film name: cold wallet –
2. trust no one “the crypto king’s hunt” (crypto exchange themed movie released in 2022)
there is just one rule in the paranoid world of cryptocurrency: trust no one. accordingly, gerry cotten, the ceo of quadriga cx, canada’s biggest cryptocurrency exchange platform, takes the password to $250 millions from the customer funds with him when he passes away under suspicious circumstances.
a group of shocked investors rejects the official story. they use to think gerry is still alive and has stolen their money, and that his “death” was manipulated to “exit from the scam.” this is the exciting tale of their exploration of a sinister world where nothing and no one are what they appear. will they be able to locate gerry cotten, solve the mystery at the core of quadriga, to get back the stolen money from the crypto wallet.
3. film name: banking on bitcoin (crypto wallet documentary released in 2016)
4. film name bitconned (crypto wallet documentary released in 2024)
5.  crypto (crypto wallet themed thriller movie released in 2019) 
6. dope: crypto wallet themed comedy movie released in 2015
7. trust machine: the story of blockchain ( crypto wallet documentary released in2018)
8. bitcoin: the end of money as we know it (crypto wallet documentary released in 2015)
9. silk road (crypto wallet themed thriller movie released in2021)
10. the good wife, bitcoin for dummies (bitcoin & cryptocurrencies wallet themed drama season 3, episode 13)
money electric: the bitcoin mystery (documentary released in 2024)





 

















 


all rights reserved - theme by codetipi


 









 




 


 

 
 











					start typing to see results or hit esc to close				
movies
films
crypto
cryptocurrency
blockchain 
see all results 




















































