








ibm spss statistics












































































home




analytics




spss



spss statistics




                



  
    ibm spss statistics






    


            

                    


  
  
      simplify data analysis with an intuitive, easy-to-use statistical solution for data-driven decisions
  




    


                


see pricing options



try it free













































from data to insights: what's new in ibm spss statistics 30.0.0.


join the webinar to see the new features in action.



sign up for the webinar











            
                
                    

     
    derive strategic actions from your data insights




    


                
                
            
        




the ibm® spss® statistics software provides advanced statistical analysis for users of all experience levels. offering a comprehensive suite of capabilities, it delivers flexibility and usability beyond traditional statistical software. 

with its intuitive interface, spss statistics enables you to:
manage and analyze large data sets.use advanced statistical procedures and modeling techniques.predict customer behaviors.forecast market trends.detect fraud to minimize business risk.conduct reliable research for accurate conclusions.optimize organizational strategies.







            introducing
        

            ibm spss statistics
        
get the latest on the spss statistics 30.0.0 release — read the community blog!









 blog




            read more about unifying statistical power with spss statistics, r and python
            
        






            check available offers for students and teachers
            
        



launch spss plan advisor
            
        










            
            

     
    the ibm spss statistics advantage




    


        


                
                


  
  
      trusted by experts, refined through decades and ready for today’s most demanding statistical challenges.
  




    


                
            

















        



  
    resources and support






    


    



get access to an extensive range of online resources, including a highly active ibm spss statistics community forum, product documentation, webinars and tutorials, that empower users to master complex analytical procedures.



visit the community
            
        
















        



  
    secure on-premises deployment






    


    



for those who prioritize data security and complete control over data, ibm spss statistics also offers an on-premises deployment that can protect it from external breaches and align with strict regulatory requirements.


















        



  
    cross-industry versatility






    


    



trust the industry leaders across industries such as academics, healthcare, media and entertainment, government institutions and others who use ibm spss statistics due to its reliability and broad applicability. spss statistics easily produces high quality outputs for professionals seeking accurate, in-depth analysis.



explore forecasting
            
        















        



  
    low-code analytics with advanced procedures






    


    



experience the power of advanced statistical procedures and predictive analytics capabilities, effortlessly with ibm spss statistics. it offers the most simple and powerful low-code procedures, which allow users to conduct sophisticated analyses without extensive programming knowledge.



read more
            
        















        



  
    flexible licensing and cost-effective options






    


    



to cater to different user needs, from commercial users to academic users, wih various durations of usage, ibm spss statistics provides multiple purchase and licensing options.



explore pricing
            
        









            
                
                    

     
    interactive demo




    


                
                
            
        



try the interactive product tour of spss statistics to see how you can extract actionable insights to optimize your decisions. for an optimal experience, follow the modules in sequential order.



























  


     
    features




    


    


helping you to achieve more with greater speed and efficiency.



explore all spss statistics features











            data visualization
        

            user experience
        

            regression
        



















        



  
    data visualization






    


    


            


  
  
      transform your data into clear and impactful visualizations to efficiently explore insights, formulate hypotheses, reveal relationships between variables, identify trends and make accurate predictions.
  




    


        



            learn more
            
            
        


























        



  
    user experience






    


    


            


  
  
      simplify data analysis whether you are a beginner, experienced statistician or business professional. our accessible and intuitive solution offers a comprehensive suite of capabilities, providing reliable data insights and facilitating more informed decisions.
  




    


        



            learn more
            
            
        
























        



  
    regression






    


    


            


  
  
      unlock the potential of your data with advanced regression techniques. from simple linear regression to complex models, gain valuable insights to predict categorical outcomes and derive confident, data-driven conclusions.
  




    


        



            learn more
            
            
        















                    
                        
                            

     
    product editions 




    


                        
                        
                    
                



explore our editions to learn what version of spss statistics is best for your needs.




















            best for companies and researchers
        


            ibm spss statistics commercial editions
        
take advantage of flexible purchasing plans to find the setup that fits your business’s needs. 




















            best for academic institutions
        


            ibm spss statistics for academic institutions
        
ibm offers a way for academic institutions to scale their use of spss statistics for teaching and learning purposes with the spss statistics campus edition. 




















            best for students and educators
        


            ibm spss statistics gradpack and faculty packs 
        
learn how to use statistical analysis and build skills employers are seeking. special student pricing available. 

















                

     
    ways to buy




    


            




not sure which product plan is right for you? take this short assessment and find out which plan is recommended for your endpoint management, productivity and business or personal needs.
launch the purchase advisor  →







 starting at usd 99* per month

            online subscription
        
purchase spss statistics and the add-ons you need online, whether monthly or annually, and start your analysis right away.

 self check-out experience


            buy now
            
        



connect with an ibm seller

            campus edition
        
streamline the teaching and learning experience at your academic institution through site-wide licensing with ibm spss statistics campus edition.

 academic institutions


            explore more
            
        


buy from an ibm vendor

            educator and student editions
        
choose the edition that meets your requirements and purchase it from ibm-selected vendors to receive specially discounted prices and optimal support.

 students
 educators


            explore more
            
        








are you an enterprise searching for a customized product configuration?
select between base, standard, professional and premium packages with options to customize your configuration, whether it is a perpetual or 12+ month subscription license.








request a customized configuration

























next steps







see pricing options


try it free







            


  
  
      more ways to explore
  




    


        

        spss statistics community
        
        
    

        demo videos
        
        
    

        documentation
        
        
    

        features
        
        
    

        support
        
        
    

        resources
        
        
    













                            



  
    footnotes






    


                        





*prices shown are indicative of one monthly user in usd, may vary by country, exclude any applicable taxes and duties or the cost of any add-ons and are subject to product offering availability in a locale.


























































