


smarter lessons  :: software solutions that enable facilities, instructors and students to manage their time, money, and skill development for maximum efficiency and profitability.
































instructors! sign in or sign up
call us: 1-800-365-6492









smarter lessons


menu 

home
features
about us
pricing
contact us
student booking
instructor login













your calendar in
your pocket

..and on your desk! designed to work with any mobile device, sl mobile extends the power of smarter lessons to your pocket! access your schedule, book appointments, block/unblock time, cancel appointments, access student profiles and more!








access anywhere

from home to work or in between - securely access your schedule anywhere your travels take you! your schedule is always up to date on smarter lessons. 







mobile interface
mobile interface makes it easy for your students to schedule lessons on the go!  brand the site to match your website and instantly have a mobile presence for your facility.













   questions?
call 1-800-365-6492
					



approach
get off the phone
and put time back in your life.

there are few things more valuable in life than your time.
	smarter lessons handles all of your scheduling & management needs while
	you are doing your job, teaching. don't continue to play phone
	tag with your students, let smarter lessons go to work for you! 




solutions

the total online
lesson management solution.
								smarter lessons can handle all of your individual lesson, group
	lesson, camp, and clinic scheduling needs. whether your student is
	scheduling online or over the phone, our system makes it easy for both
	parties. our automatic email confirmations and reminders help keep your
	schedule free of "no shows" and missed appointments. 




success
smarter lessons is celebrating it's 16th year of operations in 2017!

we are constantly listening to our customer feedback and enhancing features and functionality. we have released hundreds of improvements, but never have we been as excited as we are about our newest releases!  





welcome

smarter

      lessons provides software solutions enabling facilities, instructors and

      students to manage their time, money, and skill development for maximum

      efficiency and profitability.
an application service provider, smarter lessons  has

      designed and implemented it's products with input from professionals in

      several disciplines. our staff combines professional lesson providers and

      management systems experts with the top programmers and developers. 
our advantage

      smarter lessons relies on first hand experience and insight into the

      lesson business to provide a comprehensive and easy to use solution. each of our products is designed to enhance your profitability and provide

      a better experience to your students.

       



features
 click a feature below to learn more

online scheduling 24/7
multiple calendar views
private, semi-private & group enrollment
online booking interface in your website customized to your branding
optimize plus with perfect start time
discount & premium periods
resource scheduling
mobile friendly
payment processing
automated emails
video capture & analysis
attendance tracking & reporting
dashboard analytics
online booking mobile interface
html emailer
find new students - free marketing!
waiting list
clubfitting module



what`s new?

sl now ipad friendly!
on the go with your ipad? access to your schedule is always available and easy to use.
highly functional, including scrolling, resizing and best of all, drag 'n drop!
 
sept 27, 2013  2:00 pm


perfect start time
don't you hate it when your students book lessons and leave 4 hours in between them. our new perfect start time feature allows you to create parameters that will gently nudge your customers into first scheduling appointements around the time that you prefer. 
sept 27, 2013  2:00 pm













smarter lessons © 2017 • privacy policy


smarter lessons is the leading provider of online scheduling services and business tools for golf lessons, online scheduling, golf instructors, golf instruction, golf academy, golf academies, golf schools, golf school, golf lessons, golf lesson,golf, golf tips, golf equipment, golf courses, smarter lessons, appointments, scheduling, software, appointment software, appointment scheduling, scheduling software, online scheduling software, online scheduling, online appointments, online appointment software, web appointments, reservations, reservation software, internet reservations, scheduling appointments, lesson scheduling, golf lessons, golf instruction, golf instructors, lesson business, business tools, crm">








