



































































the montana standard | breaking news | | read butte, mt and montana breaking news. get latest news, events and information on montana sports, weather, entertainment and lifestyles





















skip to main contentskip to main content










        we are currently undergoing maintenance on some services, which may temporarily affect access to subscription accounts and the e-edition. we apologize for any inconvenience and appreciate your patience as we work to resolve the issues.
    

















19°











 log in
                                    
subscribe






guest


logout

read today's e-edition





























news


local



wildfires



crime



state & regional



406 politics



business



education



nation & world



history



news tip




obituaries


share a story



recent obituaries



find an obituary



archives




opinion


columnists



cartoon



letters



submit a letter




sports


high school



frontier conference



college



professional



betting




lifestyles


event calendar



arts & theatre



movies & tv



contests



music



comics



games



play



food



home & garden



health



get healthy



parenting



people



pets



travel



faith




join the community


news tip



share video



send a story



share a photo



outdoors


brand ave. studios




print edition


e-edition



e-edition archives




buy & sell


place an ad



jobs



cars



marketplace



public notices



shop local




shopping


curated commerce




customer service


manage subscription



activate digital subscription



newsletter sign-up



subscribe



contact us



help center



gift subscriptions


mobile apps


weather: live radar






facebook





twitter





linkedin





youtube





instagram








© 2025 lee enterprises
terms of service | privacy policy






















































































subscribe
read today's e-edition




























                                        subscribe
                                    




























                                                    log in
                                                








welcome, guest

my account
 dashboard
 profile
 saved items

 logout







e-edition

news

obituaries

opinion

sports

puzzles

lifestyles

public notices

jobs

wildfires









19°
cloudy
























        
        
            news brief: deq public meeting set for feb. 25

meeting to be at powell county community center. 

















        
        
            frontier basketball roundup: badovinac leads upset-minded orediggers, maldonado scores 31, saints hand tech 4th-straight loss

with one regular-season week left, top spots in both standings (men's and women's) are contested. a total of nine teams (four women's, five men's) share identical conference records sprinkled throughout.

















        
        
            montana senate kills bill to require ten commandments in every public school classroom

a lindsay republican's bill that sought to require the ten commandments be posted in every public school classroom in montana was shot down saturday in a 24-26 senate vote.

















        
        
            anaconda medical facility named top hospital | news briefs

anaconda, butte and ennis news briefs shared.

















        
        
            gianforte office controls an unrestricted interest fund worth $86 million, and counting

some of the money went toward the senate's judicial oversight committee. other funding went toward a state-funded building purchase, property tax rebate mailers and national guard recruiting efforts.

















        
        
            trump reportedly fires roughly 360 u.s. forest service workers in montana

a union representing federal workers accused the trump administration of laying off employees in order to "pay for tax cuts for the wealthy."

















        
        
            local spelling bee to be held thursday

winners from various local schools are listed; winner of this year's competition gains a spot in the state spelling bee. 










            curated commerce
        
6 cbd oils to try for relaxation





                
                recommended for you




















        
        
            gianforte office controls an unrestricted interest fund worth $86 million, and counting


















        
        
            news brief: deq public meeting set for feb. 25


















        
        
            details scant but butte plaza mall renaissance still a go, local officials say















                
                the latest


















        
        
            montana house takes up bill to prohibit regulations on facilities that discourage abortion

a proposal would make it illegal for state lawmakers to impose many regulations on pregnancy centers, facilities that provide resources to pregnant women and discourage abortion.





















        
        
            butte neighbors: obituaries for february 17

read through the obituaries published in the montana standard 




















        
        
            update: winter storm watch for butte/blackfoot region for monday and tuesday – up to 11 inches of snow

on sunday at 10:24 a.m. the national weather service issued an updated winter storm watch valid from monday 2 p.m. until tuesday 9 a.m. for butte/blackfoot region. 












        
        
            butte/blackfoot region under a winter weather advisory until monday afternoon – up to 11 inches of snow

a winter weather advisory was issued by the national weather service on sunday at 10:18 a.m. in effect until monday at 2 p.m. for butte/blackfoot region. 












                
                interact with us


















        
        
            years in business 2025



















        
        
            download our mobile app for a customized experience!

download it today! 




















        
        
            get the most important news in your inbox as it happens. sign up for breaking news:

get it delivered to your inbox! 




















        
        
            explore local history with our digital newspaper archives!

visit our online archives for thousands of historical articles, obituaries and announcements. 





















                
                latest video




















        
        
            trump attends nascar's daytona 500 for the second time as president




















        
        
            2025 billings west wrestling montana state championship round highlights




















        
        
            highlights: 2025 montana girls wrestling state champions




















        
        
            2025 mhsa state all-class wrestling tournament parade of finalists












                
                sports
                
                    


















        
        
            montana state bobcats indoor track and field breaks three records over 'memorable weekend'

"after i was done competing, i broke down when hugging my parents because i felt this weight lift off of me." colby wilson, who broke his own pole vault record





















        
        
            photos: state swimming finals

photos from the finals races of the montana high school state swim meet feb. 15, 2025 in great falls. 




















        
        
            full court press: montana high school basketball highlights (feb. 15)

highlights and high scorers from high school basketball games around montana.





















        
        
            2025 billings west wrestling montana state championship round highlights

in addition to morse, six other golden bears wrestlers won state championships on saturday night at the metra. 













                
                listen now podcasts




















        
        
            tariffs rattle small businesses, an atmospheric river and religion news | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            drone damages chernobyl nuclear plant; egg prices hit record high | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            hamas to release 3 israeli hostages; musk talks deleting agencies | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            how can you reclaim focus in a digital world? | the ethical life podcast

🎧 explore ways to sharpen your attention, stay present and build better habits for a more mindful, productive life.














                
                life & entertainment
                
                    


















        
        
            5 great meatless recipes to work into your rotation — plus some eggless breakfast options

if you're trying to work more vegetables into your meals, here are five great recipes to try (plus some high-protein breakfast options that don't use eggs).




















        
        
            now streaming and on dvd: 'nosferatu' has new reasons to jump

taking f.w. murnau’s film and twisting it ever-so-slightly, eggers finds his groove in a highly gothic world. 




















        
        
            winter sowing in upcycled containers creates stronger seedlings in spring

many people start seeds indoors in late winter to have seedlings ready to plant in spring. but what about starting them outdoors, despite the cold?

















                
                partner
                
            









sponsored








        
        
            powerhouse partnership: big auto injury attorneys, the popok firm and ‘legal af’ podcast by meidastouch network unite for justice

content by big auto injury attorneys. learn more about meidastouch network’s “legal af” podcast's new partnership with big auto injury attorneys and the popok law firm.












contributor








        
        
            9 delicious essentials for hosting a pi day dinner party

contributor content. a pi day dinner is a unique opportunity to celebrate the mathematical constant π (pi) while indulging in delicious food and engaging activities with friends and family.












sponsored








        
        
            town pump charitable foundation awards a wide range of grants to support the community in 2024

content by town pump charitable foundation. learn how town pump charitable foundation empowers individuals and organizations to achieve transformative goals across montana.












sponsored








        
        
            a beacon of hope illuminating the hill: butte's headframe lighting project

content by town pump charitable foundation. thanks to continued support from the town pump charitable foundation, butte’s iconic headframes have a bright future.
















                
                curated commerce
                
                    


















        
        
            6 cbd oils to try for relaxation

affiliate content. find the right cbd oils to fit your wellness routine. 




















        
        
            best greens powders for 2025: a nutritionist’s top 5

affiliate. we asked a nutritionist to share their top 5 greens powder picks to boost your daily nutrient intake and support overall health.




















        
        
            auto insurance rates set to rise in 2025: how to save on premiums

affiliate content. learn practical ways to reduce your auto insurance premiums in 2025. 




















        
        
            ozempic vs. semaglutide: 10 weight loss medications compared for 2025

affiliate. compare 10 weight loss medications to find the right one for you. 





























                
                local businesses
                
                    



















        
        
            easter seal center



                                        3703 harrison av, butte, mt 59701
                                    




















        
        
            rosenbaum for sd38



                                        50 maggie hill road, clancy, mt 59634
                                    






















        
        
            st pius x church



                                        717  18th st w, billings, mt 59102
                                    
















                
                print ads
                
            






















medical





        
        
            st. james hospital/ intermountain health - ad from 2025-02-11



































        
        
            2025 best of butte & beyond



















×
















facebook





twitter





linkedin





youtube





instagram









sites & partners


special sections

get healthy




services


e-edition

subscribe

contact us

advertise

work here

dealer returns

licensing

shopping






                        © copyright 2025
                        the montana standard, 25 w granite st butte, mt 59701
                    

terms of use
|
privacy policy
|
advertising terms of use
|
do not sell my info
|
cookie preferences




                        powered by blox content management system from bloxdigital.com.
                    












notifications
settings






you don't have any notifications.



get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.

topics

news alerts

subscribe






breaking news

subscribe































