















the buckhorn museum: downtown san antonio top attraction








      skip to main content
    





























main navigation


museums


cafe/saloon


gift shop


contact


plan your visit


private events


purchase tickets









 














2 museums, 1 price
purchase your ticket today!
spur of the moment trip or your second rodeo? no matter what, the buckhorn saloon and museum has the full texas experience lined up for you.
explore museums purchase tickets







let’s explore a little
see, shop, eat and drink!











 











 











 











 














the buckhorn museum and the texas ranger museum
one of the biggest attractions in downtown san antonio, texas
spur of the moment trip or your second rodeo? no matter what, the buckhorn saloon and museum has the full texas experience lined up for you.
kick off your (cowboy and cowgirl) boots and stay awhile! with the full texas experience under one roof, you and your family can easily spend the whole day here.
from the buckhorn's exotic animal collection and the texas ranger museum to the saloon, and cafe, to the gift shop and private event space - it’s no wonder that the buckhorn saloon museum has become one of the biggest attractions in downtown san antonio.
anchored in texas history, the buckhorn saloon and museum offers the full texas experience for locals and tourists alike.




















cowboy culture
soak up the history of the oldest saloon in texas while simultaneously grabbing a drink at the oldest saloon in texas®. only at the buckhorn museum and the texas ranger museum!
the oldest running saloon in texas is rich in both history and culture - from its texas ranger museum to the buckhorn saloon and museum’s exotic animal collection made up of animals from every continent. the saloon itself is where history continues to be made - where else can you have a drink where teddy roosevelt recruited rough riders and where pancho villa is rumored to have planned the mexican revolution?
explore museumspurchase tickets
















 











 















private rental
our unique museum can serve as a backdrop for a true texas experience in the heart of downtown san antonio, featuring exclusive texas caterer and event planner don strange of texas.
toepperwein room
in addition to the museum, this private banquet space is ideal for special events, meetings, rehearsal dinners and receptions.

seats up to 400
existing stage for band, dj, or speaker
buffet, food stations, and seated and served dinners
luncheons
museum access

contact event team explore our venue

















curio store
honest goods and honest dealin's
the original store motto, "honest goods and honest dealin's" is still the backbone of our success today. the buckhorn curio store is proud to have captured the essence of the old west and to share it with visitors from around the world.
explore gift shop



















howdy, partner!
we are open 365 days a year!
the museums, saloon and gift shop open at 10:00am everyday.
the buckhorn burger company is now open 7 days a week
11:00am - 3:00pm
explore museumspurchase tickets








































318 e. houston street
san antonio tx 78205
210-247-4000
info@buckhornmuseum.com























footer


home


museums


cafe/saloon


gift shop


news


contact


















home


museums


cafe/saloon


gift shop


news


contact












buckhorn museum © 2020 all rights reserved - online policies







brandwork and 
    
    searchrpm
     production
















