
























home · connecticut college


































































skip to main content
site map






connecticut college







 
apply


connections


make a gift


 


























about connecticut collegeacademicsadmission & financial aidalumni & life after connathleticscampus & communitycareer preparationhuman resourcesstudent experience









events calendar
news
directory
library & it
cc magazine
site map


camelweb



close




close



search query












 









 











why conn?


get in touch


come visit











the questions that drive us.
at conn, we don’t just ask “what’s your major?” we ask you to make connections between your education and your interests—to combine your learning and your likes into a personalized experience that capitalizes on what excites and intrigues you. when you love a subject, you want to dig deeper into it and ask more questions. the answers to those questions will be the mark you make on this world.
it’s an approach we call connections, and it puts the liberal arts in action. see for yourself.









explore our areas of study













 











what's new
















january in pictures
a new year dawns in camel country.
see more




















paloma doyle ’26 is on a mission to plant 100 trees in new london










conn awarded $500k mellon foundation grant to explore housing issues in connecticut










college launches ai@conn, a three-year initiative to integrate ai into academic programs










prof. kris klein hernández on spanish-language website removal








view all news









the view from here




















the only member of the nescac with a waterfront location, connecticut college is home to a 750-acre arboretum, a stunning central quad and a commanding view of long island sound. here, you’ll find the ideal residential college experience—welcoming, intimate, supportive.



the athey center for performance and research is a hub of innovation, encouraging performance and dialogue on critical issues. at conn, you’ll find the space, resources and fellow makers you need to nurture your creative streak.







among the best beloved aspects of conn culture is our honor code, which governs both academic and community conduct. the resulting trust and mutual respect are the glue that binds a community.



what will you study? we offer 46 majors and 49 minors—and you can even design your own. through our signature academic program, connections, you’ll integrate your interests and pose questions while assembling a personalized portfolio of knowledge and related experience that will carry you into a meaningful career and life. 







we’re serious about sustainability—we even earned a rare gold rating from the association for the advancement of sustainability in higher education. we focus on lasting solutions at the nexus of social equity, environmental stewardship and economic well-being. and we’re committed to carbon neutrality by 2030.



our newly revitalized waterfront features a first-rate facility for sailing and rowing; an outdoor classroom and living laboratory for marine science, environmental research and conservation; an expedition training area for outdoor adventures and recreation; and a place for rest and reflection. and did we mention we’re the only nescac member on the water?







location, location, location! you’ll find us atop a hill in historic, quirky, seaside new london. we’re also close to hartford, providence, boston and new york city—where many students do internships and build professional networks. 



see yourself here? come visit for a few hours—or four years!—and enjoy the view from here. 













 
connecticut college





    270 mohegan avenue
    new london, ct 06320
  

admission@conncoll.edu



1 (860) 447-1911


    web privacy policy
    

    web accessibility notice
    







facebook
twitter
instagram
youtube
linkedin
tiktok




notice of nondiscriminatory policy as to students
connecticut college admits students of any race, color, national and ethnic origin to all the rights, privileges, programs, and activities generally accorded or made available to all students at the college. it does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national and ethnic origin in administration of its educational policies, admission policies, scholarship and loan programs, and athletic and other college administered programs.













   


