



	sharpe products - tube and pipe bending services



















































































































servicesarchitectural handrail fittingspipe and tube bendingtube laser cuttingend formingtooling & diesqualityindustriesaerospaceagriculturearchitectureauto, truck & trailerconstruction & heavy equipmentfood and beveragefurniture and fixturesmarinemedical and healthcarerecreationparts storepipe & tube elbowsassorted handrail connectorsrailing componentsflangeshemispheres & spherescaps & disksbrackets & componentssquare and rectangular fittingssharpe thinkers clubnewsroomcareerscontactrequest a parts catalogrequest a quoterequest a custom bending brochure



















tube bending. laser cutting. end forming.
leaders in tube bending and tube laser cutting, serving thousands of commercial and industrial customers across north america.

need an estimate? click here.
all-electric cnc tube bending or tube laser cutting - 1/2" to 6-inch od




tube bending. laser cutting. end forming.
leaders in tube bending and tube laser cutting, serving thousands of commercial and industrial customers across north america.

contact us
we work with material that is 1/2" to 6-inch od




tube bending. laser cutting. end forming.
leaders in tube bending and tube laser cutting, serving thousands of commercial and industrial customers across north america.

contact us - let's talk about your project
cnc machine technology for custom tube bending and tube laser cutting from 1/2" to 6-inch od




tube bending. laser cutting. end forming.
leaders in tube bending and tube laser cutting, serving thousands of commercial and industrial customers across north america.

short lead times - submit rfq here
tubes can be cut after bending with our robotic laser cutting system 












need information about our capabilities? contact us today! 














custom tube bending & tube laser cutting services
sharpe products specializes in custom tube and pipe bending, laser cutting and end forming - from 0.50" up to 6" od - for customers across north america. we provide custom tube bending and tube laser cutting for the aerospace, agricultural, automotive, construction, food and beverage, medical/healthcare and recreation industries. with 30+ years of experience in custom tube bending and forming, we are known for quality results. see what we do in this video.















purchase stock parts online
choose from over 2,400 commercial-grade handrail fittings


visit the parts store






















pipe & tube bending
for standard or complex tube bending, we have the know-how to deliver to your spec. let's get started on your project today.
 





tube laser cutting
 fiber-optic laser cutting technology renders precision and speed. multi-axis, robotic lasers can create features on or near bends.
 





end forming
precision end forming services such as beading, expanding, flanging, flaring, and grooving.































from the sharpe products blog
learn about the technical aspects of custom tube and pipe bending, tube laser cutting and related topics. for additional content go here.
 



april, 2024


understanding ovality in tube bending






march, 2024


choosing a manufacturing partner






february, 2024


tube laser cutting: o2 or n2?






january, 2024


steel revealed: 10 facts and insights






december, 2023


tube bending and tolerances






november, 2023


quality standards in tube fab















iso 9001:2015
certified


30+ years
in business


86,700 sq ft
usa based facilities


40
employees















for an estimate, please click here.


request a quote











about us

sharpe products is the leader in industrial and commercial tube and pipe bending, laser tube cutting and custom fabrication, with the machine technology and expertise to meet the needs of your project.






contact us




2550 s. 170th streetnew berlin, wi 53151usa



t: 800-879-4418 f: 262-754-0374



submit rfq







useful links


machine technology
tooling inventory
request for quote
purchase stock handrail fittings
request catalog






iso certification


sharpe products is iso 9001:2015 certified.














© 2025 sharpe products | terms and conditions | privacy policy | site map

















































































