the arabian saddle company - hand crafted, high quality saddles          
skip to contentcall us! 208-908-1408facebookinstagram






search for:


homeabout ustestimonialslinksarabian saddlesfitting guidesaddle positiontaking measurementsfitting diagramwhat is the correct fit?too narrow? too wide?saddle carewarrantydemo saddlesstockistsclientscontact ushomeabout ustestimonialslinksarabian saddlesfitting guidesaddle positiontaking measurementsfitting diagramwhat is the correct fit?too narrow? too wide?saddle carewarrantydemo saddlesstockistsclientscontact usintroducing new models!the ellipse™ mono flap dressage saddlethe elan™ close-contact hunt saddlethe country™ cut back show saddle“the only source of knowledge is experience”albert einstein 1897-1955an idea forms:in 1990 an idea germinated in the offices of lovatt & ricketts saddles® walsall england, a novel idea; a range of saddles designed specifically for the different activities enjoyed by the arabian horse owner. over many years we had built saddles for every breed and discipline owned and practiced by horse owners but never devoted a whole range for one particular breed of horse. during this particular period stephen lovatt, the managing director of the company, had been spending the weekend with his very dear friend the well known and highly acclaimed equestrian author elwyn hartley-edwards and they paid a visit to a mutual acquaintance who owned a local arabian stud. the conversation evolved regarding the difficulty of finding a good fitting saddle that was designed to accommodate the particular characteristics of the arabian horse, so digesting this later the story unfolds thus the arabian saddle company was born. visit our new and pre-owned saddle pagetake a tour of our saddle factory in walsall, englandcontact us usa:the arabian saddle company, inc.208-908-1408sales@thearabiansaddlecompany.comsaddle barn ranch
4599 homer road
eagle. id 83616contact us uk:the arabian saddle company, ltd.44-1922-630740landrsaddles@ntmailzone.co.ukclifford house10-14 butts road,walsall, ws4 2ar, englandtestimonialsi love my two new show saddles from lovatt and ricketts!!!
my previous show horse was a half arab with medium width.  i now own and show a purebred arabian, requiring a wide tree.  thus, i was forced to buy 2 new saddles!  i’m glad that was the outcome because both saddles fit perfectly.   one saddle is for show-hack, so i purchased the showring.  that coupled with the show bridle, also from lovatt and ricketts, my horse is comfortable and looks stunning!!  the other discipline is country pleasure, therefore i purchased the flat louisville brown buffalo cut back saddle.  i can truly feel my horse, and again, comfortably.  we have had a successful show season so far and look forward to many future rides with my new saddles!”carol ann corsioak point, txi love my new show saddles from lovatt and ricketts!!!
my previous show horse was a half arab with medium width.  i now own and show a purebred arabian, requiring a wide tree.  thus, i was forced to buy 2 new saddles!  i’m glad that was the outcome because both saddles fit perfectly!  one saddle is for is country pleasure, therefore i purchased the flat louisville brown buffalo cut back saddle.  i can truly feel my horse, and again, comfortably. and, we won our 1st show on our 1st showing using the new louisville flat!!  (arabian country pleasure aaotr).the other discipline is for show-hack, so i purchased the showring.  that coupled with the show bridle, also from lovatt and ricketts, my horse is comfortable and looks stunning!!we have had a successful show season so far and look forward to many future rides with my new saddles!carol ann corsioak point, txthe arabian saddle company was very helpful and easy to work with!
i would encourage anyone struggling to fit a wide-backed, broad shouldered horse to try the ellipse by lovatt and rickets. this saddle changed my cross-bred friesian mare’s attitude completely, by freeing up her shoulders and relieving pressure points. although she had always been ridden in an extra-wide saddle, it was not a hoop tree, and that made a crucial difference. she no longer stops after being asked to do lateral work and is willing to canter. the saddle is well made and immediately comfortable for the rider. janet at the arabian saddle company was very helpful and easy to work with.sheila rublemontanai highly recommend this company for their service and quality
i met the arabian saddle company at the scottsdale arabian show after i bought my first arab. they promptly sent me a saddle to try that didn’t fit but my horse was still young. she subsequently broke a bone and could not be ridden for a year. when she healed and was ready, they recommended an extra-wide ellipse saddle, which i never would have tried and it fits perfectly! i tried multiple other saddles and they all bounced or slid. they let me keep the tester while mine was made. i highly recommend this company for their service and quality for anyone with arabs, morgans or andalusians.jane rinnmedford, nj“it’s so comfortable, like the cadillac of saddles”
i already received and rode in my saddle today! it shipped so quickly! it is absolutely perfect! it’s so comfortable, like the cadillac of saddles. thank you so much for the help!khristiankyhighly recommend!when approached to try one of these saddles, i was apprehensive at first. after training horses for many years there is always someone that has the perfect item they want you to buy. figuring i had nothing to loose, i took one of the saddles to try it out. within the first pass down the barn, i was amazed how comfortable the saddle was. at that point i started paying more attention to the saddle as a whole. the craftsmanship is impeccable. i allowed some of my clients to try it out, and they were very impressed with how comfortable the saddle was. i was so impressed with this saddle, i bought two of them. as many horses that i work on on a daily basis, being comfortable in the saddle is a must.  i have told several trainers about this saddle and they have also purchased saddles. highly recommend!dena tanner lopezthe sierra trail saddle … what’s not to like? a great saddle – light weight with a wonderful deep, secure seat, not to mention the easy quick adjust stirrup leathers (a great feature).  all this and it looks great too. try one out. if you trail ride or compete- it’s a great saddle.     -m. dickson, illinois i love my lovatt and ricketts sylvan saddle!
my morgan mare is small (15h) and was hard to fit, and we tried practically everything on her.  nothing fit her like the sylvan, which fits her perfectly.  it does not restrict her shoulder movement, like almost everything else we tried did.  riding her in the sylvan allows me to ride and not think about keeping my balance.  the buffalo leather is soft and supple, and required no break-in time.  i’m extremely satisfied with my sylvan!joy hiattdurham, nci am thrilled with my rubicon saddle!
i’d like you to share this with potential saddle buyers. i am thrilled with my rubicon saddle. after searching for well over a year, i found the right one for snoopy and me.you were very generous in the trial period.  you took the time to listen to an older rider with some special needs and my mount, snoopy. i’m not a competitor but enjoy trail riding in nc and vt. i feel secure as well as comfortable in this saddle. thank you so much for listening and doing a proper fit. a beautifully made saddle.nancy griffithmooresville, ncthe fit is perfect!
my daughter lili has had many riding saddles and recently we purchased a new elan hunt saddle from the arabian saddle co. lili said she absolutely loves this saddle and it is her favorite. the fit is perfect and the seat is soft leather and comfortable.niki & lili carabettaconnecticut
copyright  arabian saddle company | all rights reserved | website handcrafted by tech 4 lifefacebookinstagram
page load link           

go to top