



read board game reviews and buy board games

















read board game reviews and buy board games

welcome
other sites
product index
manufacturer index
category index












read reviews of board games

once upon a time, this site used to sell board games.  now we have converted it to hold the reviews that you have sent us over the years.  

i hope you have a great time of gaming,
darrylthe rdg team

it's easy to find the right board game for you. get started now by clicking one of our categories on the left, or come visit our one-stop gamefinder page.


great board games gift ideas!









...for the family
especially during the holidays, a board game is a great way to spend time together. quality parent/child interation is so important for a family, and these board games will have you laughing and talking for hours together.


apples to apples
bohnanza
transamerica
settlers of catan
see more family games...







...for the geek
it's not an insult! wear the label with pride. for those of us (that's right, us) who love to hunch over a table furiously solving complex strategic puzzles, here's a list of some of our favourite board games.


1870
axis and allies
clans
pirate's cove
see more geek games...




free board games:





yes, you read correctly. free. mesopotamia is a print-and-play strategy board game, kind of like history of the world. we think it's an interesting game and a great challenge, 
  so hurry up and download your free board games now!
board game reviews:





we write board game reviews for all our board games because we want to help you find the right one. and we love it when other people chip in thier 2 cents. help us out, as well as all the other board gamers out there, by writing your own board game reviews. we want to know what's good (and bad?) about these games, so let's get those board game reviews coming in!




 the rdg team 

by category:2 player gamesabstract gamesaction gamesauction gamescard gamescatan gameschildren's gamescomical gamesdevelopment gamesdice gameseconomic gamesexploration gamesfamily gamesgeek gameshorror gamespolitical gamesracing gamesstrategy gamestrading gamestrain gameswar gamesby manufacturer:

copyright 2025 - rainy day games





