



quilters treasure: hand painted marbled fabric





































pazzaz stained glass patterns

great for experimenting with colors. make a panel of four, one for each season, or perhaps a transformation series! combine with other patterns to make a lap or bed quilt. great for beginner to advanced.

	watch demonstration...
quilters treasure's tribute to donna schultz stained glass patterns

donna created wonderful stained glass designs.  donna was not a quilter and she never saw her designs used in quilting. we are proud to to share her designs with quilters and continue to carry on her legacy. 
watch demonstration
quilters treasure elegant lady series stained glass patterns

this series was inspired by a picture that someone brought to me in a classroom.  i was so captivated by the imagery that 
i had to make a pattern to share it with others. i hand marbled some fabric for the background and then used our 
commercially printed marbled fabric for the rest of the colors.
	watch demonstration
quilters treasure stained glass - majestic window

geometric pattern accents the lead lined stained glass design. vary the color for other stunning effects. combine with other patterns to make a lap or bed quilt. great for beginner to advance. fun for all! 
	see more details...














	sign up for thursday workshops






be sure to reserve your seatsfor bobbies classes in hampton, va
	thursday & friday workshops

















	sign up for friday workshops


 



click here 
	for latest newsletter

		sign up for our newsletter to get the latest updates!



click here 
	to shop for homespun christmas patternskits and downloadable patterns 
	available at 50% off!
click 
				here to shop for "christmas bell" a wallhanging by bobbie 
				bergquistfull sized pattern finished size 24" x 30.5" 
				50% off pattern

30% offblack leadline and/or leading 
	
click here 
	to shop
			




watch bobbie demonstrate "ink work using tsukineko inks by quilters treasure"

click 
		here to shop our online store
 



 join paned expression studio's mailing list for free patterns
click here for detailsorder cd's 
	or usb's
	
	here
 


 
new item to quilters treasure!
we carry the 1", â½" & the â¼" 
	stay tapewe use this product in the
	mia 
	su kimono patterns
click 
	here for additional details, video and to order!
if you have any questions regarding stay tape, contact emma at  
			sales@emmaseabrooke.com












stained glass patterns & kits










marbled fabric











celtic patterns & kits











tsukineko inks, supplies & kits











fabrico pens











cd's & dvd's











clearance











zentangle











leadline




 






















