



nc spin: balanced debate for the old north state



















































about nc spin


panelists


airtimes


underwriting


contact












balanced debate for the old north state.







my spin by tom campbell










                    slaying sacred cows
                    


                    why do so many lack faith in our schools? what is so attractive about private or charter schools? and what needs changing to restore confidence in our traditional public schools and improve student outcomes?
                     read more

11:05 p.m. thursday







another super bowl in the booksover the years the super bowl  show has grown, more stars show up, and in most of those 59 years, the football games have been disappointing.     read moreby lib campbell   |   10:54 p.m. thursdayfederal funds bring federal stringswe can’t revitalize american federalism by engaging in ideological gamesmanship, by progressives resisting only conservative violations and conservatives resisting only progressive ones.    read moreby john hood   |   10:51 p.m. thursdayhow do you stop this runaway train?america right now, is not a place to be immensely proud of, because the very essence of its existence is being corrupted right before our eyes.    read moreby cash michaels   |   10:37 p.m. thursdayleuchtenburg made us friends with presidentshistorian bill leuchtenburg  spent much of his life explaining the growth of presidential power.     read moreby d. g. martin   |   10:30 p.m. thursdaya ‘ruthless takedown of academia’ for every dollar spent on the planning and execution of research, another dollar is needed to administer the grants and ensure that the research follows government guidelines.     read moreby holden thorp   |   10:13 p.m. thursdaythe protectionist trade delusion: fearing trade while the debt growshistorically, the united states has run trade deficits while maintaining economic growth, job creation, and rising living standards.  the united states remains strong because it embraces trade, not because it restricts it.     read moreby donald bryson   |   10:08 p.m. thursdaysupreme court lawsuit exposes gopgop claims about voter integrity are little more than a cloak for voter disenfranchisement and manipulation.    read moreby thomas mills   |   1:57 p.m. thursdaync prepares to sock it to teachers and state employees yet againprojected rise in health insurance premiums is the latest installment in the political right’s war on all things public    read moreby rob schofield   |   1:41 p.m. thursdayunanimous safe child act ruling masks top nc court’s divisionno justice dissented from the decision, but it was obvious but it is much less unanimous than it appeared.    read moreby mitch kokai   |   1:38 p.m. thursdayhuman cost of wake county's worsening homeless crisisit is often a challenge to get people to pay attention to the realities of the unhoused patients we serve. empathy is exhausting. blame is not.    read moreby brian klausner   |   1:31 p.m. thursdaybetter trade deals for north carolinians means excluding nonessential industrieschildren and small retailers shouldn’t be caught in the crossfire of a trade war, applying tariffs to sectors with high stakes can guarantee such an outcome never happens.    read moreby brandon barnes   |   1:23 p.m. thursdaynorth carolina consumer sentiment is improving, but inflation is still a concernnorth carolina consumer sentiment index reading is highest since 2019    read moreby high point university poll   |   1:12 p.m. thursdaywhat can egg prices teach us about the economy?our state ranks fourth in the country for egg production.    read moreby michael walden   |   1:05 p.m. thursdaytillis' choicewhat will thom tillis' legacy be?    read moreby gary pearce   |   1:00 p.m. thursdaythe best way to steal an electionrigged elections have become a way of life.    read moreby carter wrenn   |   12:57 p.m. thursday an analysis of challenged voters in the 2024 nc supreme court justice electionthis detailed report shows how griffin picked counties and voters to include in his case. it is well worth reading.    read moreby chris cooper   |   12:24 p.m. thursdaynew committee will pursue budget savingsnorth carolina needs its own dog commission.    read moreby john hood   |   11:45 a.m. thursdaythe virulent new edge of nc authoritarianismstate republican legislative leaders are brazen with their overreach and their violation of the separation of powers.    read moreby alexander h. jones   |   11:36 a.m. thursdaynorth carolina lawmakers propose ‘work-and-save’ retirement program for small businesses states that have launched work-and-save or “auto-ira” programs have seen employees gather more than $1 billion in assets since 2017.     read moreby brandon kingdollar   |   11:21 a.m. thursdayshow us the money: nc needs a searchable database for all state spendingmuch of the state’s budget and spending data was either difficult to access, incomplete, or unavailable to the public. north carolina lagged behind in providing taxpayers with the tools needed to track how their money was spent.    read moreby donna king   |   11:14 a.m. thursdayreliability and world partnership real world leadership involves co-operation, mutuality, and unity. the bully is not a leader.    read moreby lib campbell   |   february 6, 2025school choice was a prudent wager it’s fair to say north carolina policymakers have good reason to predict competition would spur educational improvement. we certainly need it.     read moreby john hood   |   february 6, 2025president trump: have you no decency?americans have long disagreed with presidents who appeared to play politics with grief. why aren't they now?    read moreby cash michaels   |   february 6, 2025majority of north carolinians dissatisfied with local school educationnorth carolinians are dissatisfied with their local public schools.     read moreby carolina journal   |   february 6, 2025the courts must stop this judge from stealing an electionwe have seen up close the lengths to which too many in the republican party are willing to go to circumvent our democratic process to illegitimately attain and hold on to power.    read moreby eric holder   |   february 6, 2025more nc spin articles >>







nc spin youtubesubscribe to the nc spin youtube channel and be notified about the latest videos.nc spin youtube >>







nc spin podcastsubscribe to the nc spin audio podcast on podomatic.nc spin podcasts >>







featured videosafter spin!-john hood discusses his predictions for the year 2021.   december 31, 2020after spin!-chris fitzsimon discusses his predictions for the year 2021.   december 30, 2020after spin!-joe mavretic discusses his predictions for 2021.   december 29, 2020after spin!-becki gray discusses her predictions for north carolina for the year 2021.   december 28, 2020after spin!-chris fitzsimon discusses the nc legislature.   december 24, 2020more videos >>






subscribe
join our weekly newsletter and never miss out on new stories and promotions.










mock shows and live tapings available

nc spin is proud to be able to bring its program to your location for an expanded “mock show” that discusses statewide issues that have a significant impact on your community.
find out more >>














































about


terms of use


underwriting


contact



      © nc spin 2025
    




