










markham funeral home - chapel ridge funeral home and cremation centre















































 info@chapelridgefh.com
 (905) 305-8508
 8911 woodbine avenue markham, on l3r 5g1



 







main navigation 
about us
current services& obituaries
funeral options  & pre-planning
burial & cremation resources
order flowers
contact
 










home






chapel ridge funeral home in markhamfuneral establishment operator class 1license # 691

welcome to chapel ridge funeral home & cremation centre – beautiful, family owned markham funeral home. if you are searching for a funeral home and cremation centre with the highest standards of professional service, offered by staff with hearts of compassion, in a serene and comfortable setting, then you have found the right place. we serve markham, aurora, richmond hill, stouffville, thornhill, scarborough, north york, and toronto. our newly expanded and renovated facility opened in 2013 and is a new standard in elegance. we also have access to facilities for services in mississauga to serve families from the west end of the gta. we provide a wide range of funeral services including: obituaries and funeral details, funeral options & pre-planning, burial services, cremation services & funeral flowers. our markham funeral home is ready to assist you with compassion in your time of need.





why chapel ridge funeral home?
statement of mission & values
to help  families celebrate a life and mourn the loss of someone they loved.
to provide  caring, professional service to families experiencing a death.
to serve  families of all faiths and cultures with sensitivity and compassion.
to develop  a relationship of trust with the families we serve, our community,
our staff, and our suppliers.
to educate  families and the community so that informed decisions can be
made during times of vulnerability and emotional stress.
to encourage  families to consider the value of pre-planning and pre-paying
funeral arrangements.
to serve  families as we would treat our own families – with tenderness, dignity, and respect.
we value:

honesty & integrity
we will strive to be recognized as a character business, an organization of the highest ethical standards and unquestioned integrity in our relationships with the families we serve, suppliers, fellow employees, and the regulatory bodies we are accountable to.  we will be aware of and comply with all laws and regulations that apply to funeral homes.
quality of service
we want the families we serve to feel confident that their expectations of service and value were met and exceeded. 
choice
we believe that families should have the freedom and encouragement to choose the form of ceremony or tribute that is meaningful to them.
people
we are dedicated to the growth, development, and professionalism of our staff.  we will provide a work environment which encourages:  excellence, accountability, safety, trust, and compassion, and which serves as a model for the dignity, respect, and service we expect our staff to demonstrate towards the families we serve.








best location






large facilities






flexible price






qualified service









resources to help you
we offer helpful and useful information regarding our funeral and cremation services. we are also a wonderful resource for those looking for information on pre-arranging a funeral, as well as help for those grieving and coping with the loss of a loved one.
learn more











contact us today!
proudly serving the communities of markham, stouffville, richmond hill, thornhill, scarborough, york region, durham region, gta.
 info@chapelridgefh.com
 (905) 305-8508
 8911 woodbine avenue markham, on l3r 5g1





pre-planning
planning your own funeral is not something that most people like to think about. pre-arrangement allows you to make your final arrangements at your own pace, at a time when you feel calm, healthy, and rational. you can pre-arrange your funeral using our secure prearrange online network or visit us at the funeral home. you can also pre-arrange the funeral of a loved one.
learn more









 home
about
obituaries and funeral details
funeral options & pre-planning
burial & cremation resources
order flowers
contact
blog
 contact info@chapelridgefh.com

 905.305.8508

 8911 woodbine avenue
markham, on l3r 5g1


  cookie policy
cookie policy
privacy policy
privacy policy

 



© copyright chapel ridge funeral home 2025




translate »




