







home - law research services



































skip to content 





 

menu 




menu 
home
about us
contact us
law firm directory
legal associations

bar association
law student associations
lawyer associations
librarian associations
paralegal associations


legal career center
legal publication center

law books
law journals & reviews


legal reference center

law libraries
librarian associations
library of congress
presidential libraries


legal resource center
law practice center
blog
sitemap
 

































with multiple court and trial experiences under his guidance, colosimo law office is one of the top law offices in the kendall county and kane county areas. lawyers kendall county is an acting hearing officer for the village of oswego, handling all administrative hearings, zoning issues, and ordinance violations.
structured settlement payments - sell your structured settlement, annuity or lottery payments to the highest bidder with our exclusive auction system.
in need of a professional atlanta lawyer contact the law office of jonathan w. johnson
the rotten stein law group, which represents clients with claims stemming from the failures of defective hip replacement devices manufactured and sold by various companies, is helping to publicize the recall of all unused custom orthopedic
attorneys, legal departments of corporations, law firms and paralegals use our one hour translation for their legal needs. clients using professionals for legal translation has been our success factors.
risperdal gynecomastia
when considering legal rights of a friend or relative who has just been arrested or is in jail, it's always a good idea to consult a bail bondsman, especially if you are in atlanta georgia. fulton, dekalb, and cobb county have some great rates on bail bonds in atlanta that you can call for advice. the usual bail bonding fee is 10% of the bail. this fee you will have to pay and if the person doesn't show for court, the atlanta bail bonds company is liable. you are too in cobb, fulton, and dekalb county georgia.



why list on law research services, inc ?
law research, inc is one on the largest and most reliable internet legal portals on the internet today. established in 1996, we have been recognized as being in the top 1% of all websites on the internet, reaching millions of visitors who are actively searching for legal information or an attorney such as yourself.

strategic referral partners (srp's) are the best source of new referrals


srp's are people or businesses who already have a relationship with the people you want to reach.
law research, inc reaches millions of unique visitors in your ideal target market. with over 14 million page views each linking to our newly updated law research services, inc.
unique to mainstreet is that every word within your listing is fully searchable by our search engine allowing your prospective clients to find your unique expertise faster and easier than ever before.
millions of potential clients search for attorneys on the internet each month, making law research services, inc the ideal strategic referral partner for your law office.
how does law research services, inc differ from other directories ?
unlike other attorney directories, mainstreet provides the user tools to search or browse on any criteria of their choosing. they came to search for an attorney and we provide ample tools for them to do just that. no restrictions.
smart browse - smart forms are intelligent. they check the database first to identify real records. then summarizes this data for the user. as a result, smart forms always display meaningful results. no empty results.
smart search - the user can find you by utilizing our many advanced search functions to obtain superior results from our directory. if the user's search criteria is contained in your listing (ie: mesothelioma) you will be found.
new york immigration attorney
to find out more about the different areas of immigration and how my firm can be of assistance, please call an avvocato immigrazione usa if you need a green card
stryker hip recipients should be mindful of failure symptoms
it is important to consult your orthopedic surgeon to determine whether or not the symptoms you might be experiencing are consistent with a failed hip replacement implant, and if that implant was manufactured and sold by stryker. additionally, many recipients are filing lawsuits against stryker alleging injuries stemming from implantation of the recalled implants. plaintiffs are seeking compensation for pain, suffering, unforeseen medical expenses, lost wages and other damages.









 










© 2025 law research services • built with generatepress 















