



	willowtip | forward.thinking.metal














 




my cart | 
				checkout | 
				my account | 
				login










home
news
bands
releases
store
tours
downloads
contacts
mailing list










check out tracks on our bandcamp site.




featured releases







mithridatum
harrowing
featuring former members of abhorrent and the faceless

through mercurial waves beneath the moon's mournful glow, a trinity of incarnate beings that embody mithridatum have conjured forth the entity known as harrowing, an auditory pilgrimage traversing a gloomscape leaden with dissonance,...










carnosus
wormtales gatefold lp
150 copies on black ice splatter

200 copies on marble

300 copies on random eco mix











ceremony of silence
hálios gatefold lp
pressing info

150 copies on marble
150 copies on black ice splatter
200 copies on random mixed - usually consists of several different colors merged together to create a marble effect

all orders ship in heavyweight vinyl mailers with the album outside of the jacket.










parius 
the signal heard throughout space gatefold 2xlp
all orders ship in heavyweight vinyl mailers with the album outside of the jacket.

the signal heard throughout space pressing info:

500 copies total

100 copies on ghostly (this variant is only available in a combo with the eldritch realm)
150 copies on merge
250 copies on random...





view all releases



digital downloads


			digital downloads available from itunes, rhapsody, emusic and napster.
			






mailing list



want to find out what's new in the store?  sign up for weekly updates!
email*







news



gigan set to begin recording new album/re-sign with willowtip 
[wednesday, march 15, 2017]
experimental death metal juggernauts gigan are set to enter big bad sound studios this april with engineer sanford parker. below is a statement from founding member and guitarist, eric hersemann: 

"greetings, from the gigan universe! well, it's finally time!

gigan is currently rehearsing; in...

read more


phobia announce new album!
[thursday, march 09, 2017]
solidifying themselves as the undisputed kings of the grindcore underworld, phobia return with their 6th full length album: lifeless god. 

not straying far from the formula that they have been crafting for over 26 years, this is another chapter in phobia's legacy of unrelenting speed.  tracked at...

read more


willowtip signs pyrrhon
[wednesday, january 04, 2017]
experimental new york death metal band pyrrhon (pronounced "peer-on”) have partnered up with willowtip records (north america) and throatruiner (europe) to release new material. 



"we're absolutely thrilled to be working with these two fantastic labels, as clichéd as that might be. willowtip...

read more


phobia recruits former members, begins tracking new album!
[monday, october 31, 2016]
legendary grindcore merauders phobia are set to begin tracking new material at trench studios this november, with engineer jon haddad.  notably, this new album will feature the return of danny walker behind the drum kit, and leon del muerte on guitar, who both have served time together in exhumed,...

read more


willowtip signs looking for an answer
[monday, october 24, 2016]
willowtip is proud to announce a partnership with spanish grindcore veterans looking for an answer! 

"five years have passed since the release of “eterno treblinka”, today we announce the band will enter at the studio during the course of the next week to record the new lfaa full length album....

read more


vale of pnath announce tour dates with aethere
[tuesday, october 18, 2016]
vale of pnath with aethere north american tour

12/2/2016 colorado springs, co the black sheep

12/3/2016 omaha, ne lookout lounge

12/4/2016 elgin, il smooth fox

12/5/2016 st louis, mo fubar

12/6/2016 murfreesboro, tn autograph rehearsal studios

12/7/2016 marietta, ga swayze's...

read more


view all news



upcoming tour dates




 sorry, there are currently no records!




view all tour dates









coming soon!


countless skies
resonance – live from the studio




devangelic
xul




out now!


katharos
of lineages long forgotten




sunless
ylem gatefold 12" lp




discordance axis
the inalienable dreamless (reissue)




defeated sanity
chapters of repugnance (deluxe reissue) lp




unmerciful
wrath encompassed 12" vinyl









©2025 willowtip. all rights reserved.






   


rss

   
privacy policy
site map







