











special collections and university archives | virginia tech special collections university libraries












































university libraries / 


special collections and university archives 











special collections and university archives



















									special collections and university archives in newman library is devoted to collecting, preserving, and providing access to primary source materials.
	                            	




winter update about digital resources: changes to the look and feel of special collections and university archives online have continued over the fall and access to transcriptions for oral histories in particular has been restored. we are continuning to move imagebase content in batches a resource that does not have the same restrictions (special collections and university archives online, where you can already find most of the migrated content). we can still provide images to the community during this transition (please contact us) and we appreciate your patience as we work through this process.

search our digital content and finding aids



for rare books and publications, search the university libraries catalog.
for finding aids, you can also search archival resources of the virginias (arvas). please note: arvas was previously known as virginia heritage. the domains recently changed and links should have been redirected, but if you experience any issues, please trying searching at the updated link or contacting special collections and university archives for assistance.

what does special collections and university archives do?

    virginia tech special collections and university archives in the university libraries offers a wealth of material to support research, engage one’s interests, and excite the imagination. our mission is to collect and preserve unique, historical materials and provide access to them in their original form. when possible, special collections and university archives also offers materials in digital format. 


learn more about special collections and university archives and get help starting your research with our introductory research guide!


news from special collections and university archives
recent posts on our departmental blog.





powered by surfing waves


what's  cookin' @ special collections and university archives?!
recent posts on our culinary history blog.





powered by surfing waves
















hours
monday - friday
		9:00 am - 5:00 pm*
*with exceptions
appointments are encouraged, but not required.
planning a visit



connect with us
email: specref@vt.edu
		phone: 540-231-6308





special collections x, opens in new tab

x


tweets by vt_scua 





iawa facebook page, opens in new tab

iawa facebook




international archive of women in architecture




follow our blogs





wordpress blog opens in new tab

news from special collections and university archives






wordpress blog opens in new tab

what's cookin' @ special collections and university archives?! culinary history blog






land acknowledgment  & labor recognition
site map




























