





























home - riverwalk fort lauderdale

























































































skip to content








riverwalk fort lauderdale
information ◆ events ◆ advocacy











riverwalk fort lauderdaleinformation ◆ events ◆ advocacywelcome to riverwalk fort lauderdale, the riverwalk linear park and the downtown riverwalk district including 10 parks as well as a lush tropical waterfront in the downtown center of an urban metropolis. our mission is “to be the catalyst in building and nurturing riverwalk and the riverwalk district as a vibrant community connected by the new river“. we take our mission seriously and strive to oversee the park and the district, plan for the future, assure compliance and help create this amazing destination in our downtown.  we partner with many groups, including the city of fort lauderdale, downtown development authority, broward county and local area associations, businesses and organizations that are integral in the success of our downtown.telly award winning – fort lauderdale, the city you never want to leave.

 





happenings








call to artists


riverwalk fort lauderdale celebrates local artists and the beautiful work they provide.  
submissions due by friday, april 25th, 2025 at 5pm.











sunday jazz brunch


free jazz concert on the first sunday of every month.
11 am-2 pm.
esplanade park and riverwalk











@riverwalk – ongoing activities


enjoy year-round activities that provide a great opportunity to experience the riverwalk and all it has to offer. 












facebook
twitter
linkedin
instagram
 


home
riverwalk

about us
board/staff
riverwalk district parks
9/11 monument


get involved

become a member
volunteer


membership

members login


donate to riverwalk
partners & sponsors

sponsor/partner opportunities
fort lauderdale links


events

greater fort lauderdale event calendar
riverwalk happenings
riverwalk fort lauderdale signature events
riverwalk tribute
positively pink
downtown parking and transportation


go riverwalk magazine

issues
exclusives
snapped@
media kit & ad rates
media inquiries


bricks & banners

order a brick
sponsor a banner


riverwalk recreation
videos
contact us

riverwalk team
magazine team


 






home | riverwalk | events | membership | bricks & banners | partners & sponsors | goriverwalk magazine | contact us


riverwalk fort lauderdale   copyright © 2025 | all rights reserved
				 | 
				web machines by q branch.		


 





































