





screenwriting, screenplay, and screenplays from the scriptologist.com screenwriting magazine 





































directory





















screenplays

































 blogs....






















message board






















 film news    tips    
                                        screenwriting    
                                        store    literary agents    production companies
                                            
film festivals


















      look for:





















              









 

















   interviews.... 




















a conversation with elaine bossik, author of the last victim
                                                                 scriptologist.com spoke with elaine bossik about her new novel, the last victim. 
                                                                scriptologist.com (q): where did the idea for the last victim come from? elaine bossik (eb): i was in a writing workshop 
                                                                where writers share their writing and offer critiques and suggestions. i wrote what i thought was a short story, but it was really a vignette. the group 
                                                                encouraged me to continue the story and develop the characters. this vignette turned out to be the first chapter of my novel. q:
                                                                 did you plot your entire story before you started writing?eb: i had to know the beginning, the middle, and the end before i started writing. for me, i have to 
                                                                know my ending so i know where the story is leading. read more....
recommend scriptologist.com
     





















  film news.... 




















read the latest film industry news:
american cinema editors (ace) to honor j.j. abrams 
universal city, california, december 30, 2016 ­ award-winning producer, writer and director j.j. abrams has been selected by the
                                                              board of directors of american cinema editors (ace) to be honored with the organization¹s prestigious ace golden eddie filmmaker of
                                                              the year award.  the award will be presented at the 67th annual ace eddie awards black-tie ceremony on friday, january 27, 2017 in the
                                                              international ballroom of the beverly hilton hotel.
"j.j. abrams is a once-in-a-generation artist who has been making his mark in cinema and television for over twenty years," stated the ace board of directors.  

read more...
                                                                 

























  novels.... 





















the last victim 
                                                                a novel by elaine bossik





elaine bossik writes screenwriting articles for 
                                                                scriptologist.com under the pen name, elaine radford. elaine's new novel, 
                                                                "the last victim," has been published and is now available in paperback. 
                                                                read more.... 























  loglines....





















act 1; scene 1;
this adventure, addressing man's greatest global failure, the education of the world's children, experiences a turn of fate, which has 
                                                                leaders of the world waiting for the results of voting in the united nations. read more....me and jackiescreenplay by justine cowansimon hawkins is an impound lot 
                                                                caretaker and hasn't set foot outside the lot in 10 years! his only consolations are his memories of his friendship with baseball/civil rights great jackie robinson - and a new 
                                                                friendship with a local teenager. read more....tea baggersscreenplay by tim crowleyamerica falls into chaos and tyranny. read more....
click here to purchase your logline listing


























  filmmaking resources.... 






















 























filmmaking directory a-z     a b c d e f g h i j k l m n o 
p q 
                            r s t
u v w x y z
                                 get listed
















 
entertainment lawyers, 
                                                    literary agents, talent agents
   
conventions, film festivals
, film memorabilia
                                                    , film resources,  film schools,  film financing,  forums, screenplays,  script/writing,  script consulting, software, workshops 
 casting directors, cinematographers, comic book publishers, directors, editors,  film audio, film studios,  film organizations, gov't film agencies, production companies, production illustrators,  screenwriters,  set decorators, special effects  acting, cinematography, film editing, filmmaking, film news, film sound, screenwriting, special effectsfilmmaking
                                                    ,  movie fans,  screenwriting,  blog resources


                                                      























  
                            classifieds                                                                                            
                            place a free ad





























collaboration/partners
writers or filmmakers collaborating.contests & competitions
                                                                screenwriting & filmmaking competitions.
                                                                employment/help wantedfreelance and full-time jobs for writers.












merchandise for salesoftware, hardware, books, anything.
miscellaneous
                                                                anything we couldn't find a category for.screenplays wanted
agents and producers looking for scripts.












script/writing services
query letters and typing services.writing instruction
schools, seminars, online instruction.writing organizations
                                                                writing groups and organizations.


























  screenwriting store.... 





















online screenwriting exercises....screenplay loglines....it's time for you to list the screenplay logline for your 
                                                    completed screenplay on scriptologist.com, the film industry web site that powerful film studio executives visit regularly. get your logline listed now!
how to create a dramatic plot structure: a step-by-step guide 
                                                    tragedy. theme. crisis. climax. these are the elements that are used to create award-winning screenplays. in 
                                                    scriptologist.com's step-by-step plot structure exercise, you will learn how to master these storytelling elements.read more...how to create real-life dialogue: a step-by-step guide
 
                                                    what brings characters to life on film? dialogue. crisp, revealing, electric words.
                                                    you will learn how to create the words that animate all great motion picture characters in this scriptologist.com article titled how to create real-life dialogue: a step-by-step guide. read more...
                                                    how to write a screenplay from your personal life experiences: a step-by-step guide

                                                    you can create a screenplay from your life experiences.you don't have to be famous or exceptional to have a story worth telling. with a few easy-to-use guidelines, it's possible to 
                                                    dramatize real-life events and turn your personal experiences into an award-winning script. read more...go to the screenwriting store....


 























  forum....





















ask scriptologist?  letters to the editor,  frequently asked questionsscriptologist.com yahoo! group,  
                                                    scriptologist blogs yahoo! group


 email site!   
message board   blog it!














































article feeds rss 


                                         



filmmaking directory 


                                         



article directory


                                         


 select a linkfilm news: rssscreenwriting news: rssscreenwriting tips: rss 
 select a linkagents/managersentertainment lawyersliterary agentstalent agentsfilmmakingconventionsfilm festivalsfilm memorabiliafilm resourcesfilmsfilm schoolsforumsscript/writing resourcesscript consultingsoftwareworkshopsfilm organizationscasting directorscinematographerscomic book publishersdirectorseditorsfilm audiofilm studiosfilm organizationsgovernment film agenciesproduction companiesproduction illustatorsscreenwritersset decoratorsspecial effectsmagazines ---actingcinematographyfilm editingfilmmakingfilm newsfilm soundscreenwriting magazinesspecial effects magazines 
 select a linkfilm newsscreenwriting newsscreenwriting tips 

















partner sites:  elaine bossik :: pet portraits :: high concept media   




















site map   
                                        about us   q&a   directory   
                                        classifieds   contact us   bookmark us   article feeds 


©copyright 2003-2011 portable shopper, llc. all rights reserved. 
                                        copyright notice  privacy statement




















