


band girl
























    
	band girl
	
  
through a series of strange life events, tracy morris has found herself deeply engrossed in the southwest virginia music scene. follow the "band girl" and her group of friends as they traverse the wild and crazy world of the local band scene.











monday, april 30, 2007




      let's talk about heart. heart of a community. heart of brothers. heart of a  friend.maybe it was because this was our backyard. maybe it was because we lost  friends. maybe it's because we were horrified. maybe it's simply because we  cared. but the roanoke music community stepped up in a huge way to help the  families and victims of that horrible day. the world of booking bands is a notoriously difficult job. from payment  negations and contracts to scheduling conflicts, to book one band for a single  show can be a lengthy process for both the bands and club personnel. so, for a  single club manager to get the ball rolling and have not one but 15 bands  organized into a single event in a few short hours is incredible. but that's  exactly what barry caldwell of awful arthur's did. with the help of eventzone,  corporate sponsors, personal volunteers and dozens of local musicians, roanoke  saw probably the single biggest day of music in it's modern history. it should  make each and everyone one of us proud of our community. the weather started off beautifully that day. sunny, mid-70's with only a  slight chance of scattered storms. "scattered," i thought,  "maybe they'll just scatter somewhere else." i rushing home from work  early to catch as many of the 4-11 shift of bands that i could when i noticed  the big dark cloud starting to form over top of elmwood park. i called bill  schlueter (tk-421, who was scheduled to go on last) and told him, "it  doesn't look good bubba." despite the darkening skies and occasional drops of rain, it seemed that the  storm was going to miss us. then at around 9:00, the occasional drops became steadier  and then the skies just opened up and our mini-monsoon began. chinese fire  drill seem to take the brunt of the "superbowl prince-ish" show. not  only did they play through the downpour but they seemed inspired by every drop  of rain. while i expected to see everyone run for their cars, the people that remained  not only stayed but rushed to the edge of the stage to dance and sing along  with all the bands that were playing through the rain. finally just as tk was  to close out the show, the rain subsided. even though they were cold and wet,  not only did the crowd stick around but they all squeezed as close as they  possibly could to tk. one thing you may not have seen was all that the musicians were doing behind  the scenes to help the event. cfd actually gave up a paid gig in order to offer  their support to this night. the pop rivets and tk-421 donated drums, cabinets  and other stuff i have no idea what it's called and would sound stupid trying  to pretend i did. ted from the pop rivets gave a tv interview and insisted it  be done in front of tk-421's merch board because tk was donating all of the  profits from the event to hokie spirit memorial fund. i  think i may have seen nearly every local musician i know at the event that  night even if they weren't playing. it was heartwarming despite our cold, wet  clothes. thanks to a late thursday night because of the benefit and a late friday  burning bridges night, my saturday started off very sluggish. i honestly wanted  to just stay home and sleep. me? stay home on a saturday? you know i was tired!  but i had some new, old friends to meet. yes, i know that doesn't make sense,  stick with me here. anyone remember waaaaaaaay back to my second band girl blog about what a jerk i  thought brett michaels from poison had been? long story short, brett's backup  band is a band called evick. i saw  evick years ago when they opened for brett in harrisonburg. the singer, pete  was a smiling ball of energy and after the show, even before i started in this  whole band scene thing, i would follow evick through their website. so i was  excited to see pete playing that night and it broke my heart when brett started  yelling at him on stage and stopping in the middle of songs to berate pete.  click here for  the full version if you don't remember it. a few years later i actually became friends of evick's good friends in the  band, junkfood and of their guitar player, brad puckett. so i was excited when  evick booked their first show in roanoke. pete was there with that same big,  huge smile and that same energy i remembered from the past. i kept waiting for  the band to take a break so i could introduce myself. they never did. from 9:30 until 1:30, these guys throughout everything from warrant, the  essentially required poison songs to vanilla ice (yes, that vanilla ice)  and rage against the machine. after the show finally ended i was able to talk  to pete who it turns out actually read my silly little blog. pete was as nice  in person as you would expect from that smile. pete was very adamant about telling me how everything really unfolded at that  show years ago in waynesboro. how brett had apologized to pete that night for  the show, how great a person brett was, how great a friend brett had been to  him and how supportive brett was of evick. how could you not believe a guy like  that? it was evident that pete's heart was as big as his smile. shows  you should check out this week: tk-421 at the clinic all weekend in wytheville. bitter rain at turn one all weekend in wytheville. burning bridges at rocktown in harrisonburg on friday and club  rio's/rivals in charlottesville the worx at the fifth quarter in danville friday. drivn at mulligans in staunton on saturday. the pop rivets are at the new awful arthurs in blacksburg on friday. also as a reminder, pictures from thursday's benefit  are available on my website at www.bndgrl.com/benefit. i am making these pictures available for purchase only and  then i will donate all the proceeds to the hokie spirit memorial fund.



posted by band girl @ 6:08 pm  
    	
         1 comments






tuesday, april 24, 2007




      just a quick post to remind everyone to come out thursday, april, 26 to the roanoke's rockn remembrance show to benefit the united way's efforts to help the victims of the horrible events at virginia tech last week.i will be there taking pictures of all the bands i can get to. after the event i will be selling all photographs for $1 ea. all proceeds will go to united in caring fund for victims of the virginia tech tragedy through united way. details to come after the event.also tk-421 has announced that all profits from the sale of any merchandise that night they will be donating to the same charity. so, come out and buy some tk swag, not only because they rock but for a good cause! i challenge all other bands to be equally as generous.to barry, of awful arthur's, and all the people who helped him put this event together in amazing time, thank you.see you there! here's the line up:12 noon -11pm12:00-2:00pm - free (no admission)the kindgroova scapeelectric chameleon4:00pm-11:00pm ($5 donation at door)jerry wimmerhalf moonchinese fire drillshayar & krooshal forcethe pop rivetshot like cajunillbotzbuilt to writemid atlantic kingzcrobar canedrivntk-421
      


posted by band girl @ 6:16 pm  
    	
         0 comments






tuesday, march 06, 2007




schlueter (bill, from tk-421) asked me the other day, "so do you still write that roanoke times thing?" i guess the fact that we are all sitting here together right now means, "yes!" (i also just totally pictured us all sitting in a circle, indian-style, holding hands.)there's a reason i haven't been writing much lately (well, not here anyway) and that's because i simply haven't had anything interesting to write about. aside from the occasional waking up on  saturday morning with my pants stuffed full of fruit loops  and no idea how they got there...coughchadcough...(king, from bitter rain,) it's been a lot of weekends of the same old, same old.things seem to be picking up around here though. in the past couple of weeks i actually saw a new band for the first time in ages!i get requests from bands on myspace all the time, shocking, i know. usually i'll add them if they are local just because they are local. if it's a regional band, i don't add them unless they are really good. i don't add very many regional bands because quite honestly, i just don't like very many of them.a few weeks ago however, i got a request from the fan club of a north carolina band called dl token.  i took a listen to their songs and loved what i heard.   it turns out that their singer, jeremy strothers, was  an  alternate on the tv-reality show, inxs rockstar. his guitar player, xeno, was actually in one of the children of the corn movies as well (not that that has anything to do with the band but still kind of cool.) so i added the fan club and the band. also noting that they were going to be playing in the area soon, i made contact with jeremy so i could say "hi" before the show.oh and i have mentioned these guys were super hot? i mean super hot.nikki had been begging me to go see some new bands with her so we could hear some new music and make some new friends. but it's hard sometimes to leave your comfort zone. it's hard to leave the spotlight of being friends with the band to go somewhere where no one will know you and you are just two more people in the crowd. it's also hard to justify not going to see my friends like the pop rivets or bitter rain who i hardly ever get to see when i actually have a free weekend away from tk-421 or burning bridges. not to mention the fact that tk had added an impromptu show the same night that nikki wanted to see dl token. but i acquiesced and decided a night of anonymity might do me (and my over inflated ego) some good.we had been at the club just long enough to order our first drinks when i saw jeremy approaching us. he introduced himself  and his other guitar player, jayme. not only were these guys super hot but they were super nice.for the rest of the night nikki and i danced around like fools, got followed around by an adorable little 18 year-old who loved taking pictures of us on his cell phone (which oddly also included pictures of chuck and troy, johnson and winemiller, from tk-421.)  but strangely enough our assumed anonymity was short lived. the owner of parrot bay, john, walked up to me and said, "you're the band b****!" i said, "you want to talk about tk, right?" really, could the night get any better?uhm, apparently not. nikki and i headed back downstairs to talk to the guys in the band at the end of the night when we were stopped by the bouncer and told no one was allowed back down there. so we yelled over the railing to jeremy that we had to leave. he rushed up the stairs and tried to convince the bouncer that we were helping them load out by "wrapping cables." see? i told you, super nice! but, i guess we didn't really have the "wrapping cables" look about us and the bouncer sent us on our way.but, jeremy said he'd stop by after load out so we could hang out some more. have you ever had to wait on load out at 2:00 am after a long night of drinking and dancing? it's very long, very boring and will put you straight to sleep just like it did to us. sometime around dawn:30 jeremy came to our room and invited us over to hear some acoustic tunes they were working on. i sat up, looked at nikki, yelled her name  a couple of times, she slept like a baby. finally, in one last ditch valiant effort to salvage a night with super hot, super nice guys, i picked up the phone book and flung it as hard as i could at her.  it whacked her hard and loud right on the arm. did she move? no.well so much for being able to hang out with a new band. but at least we've seemed to have made some new friends (hot musicians, 18 year-olds and club owners.)ok, here's some stuff for ya:-there's a new band in town you need to check out, bad casper. craig, chuck, gary and josh are all local music vets you will recognize and are sure to rock!! so, go see them!-the sweetwater amphitheater (the proposed smith mountain lake amphitheater that will hold 7,000) received another round of good news when their re-zoning request was approved unanimously by bedford county planning commission. only one more hearing next month by the board of supervisors before they can receive final approval. this is a great project that will bring lots of quality entertainment to our area so everyone needs to get behind it!visit their website: http://www.sweetwateramphitheater.com/ to learn more or find out how you can support them!
      


posted by band girl @ 9:09 am  
    	
         1 comments






monday, january 08, 2007




      have i ever told you the story about a bar called the warehouse and their fabulous band room? i've only been to the warehouse once but that band room made it one of the most memorable nights of my lights. there was the faux mardi gras, left over bottles of new years eve champagne and of course that big pile of people in the loft.there aren't many clubs left that have an official "band room," most don't have anything close. awful arthur's at towers has a hall with some folding chairs, the pub in harrisonburg has a tiny room that's big enough for three small people standing shoulder to shoulder and a couch that would probably light up brighter than the roanoke star under a black light. oh and a ladder, for some reason there's always an extension ladder beside the couch (don't ask me.)so when ginger was telling me over the new year's weekend about the club her band, tmi and tk-421 were playing at the following weekend in burlington, nc called, the raven, i asked what the club was like. in her description she talked about the two floors, the pool tables, the leather couches, the band room. wait! what? did she say, "band room?!" i regaled her with my warehouse story, the leather couches, the loft, the mini-kitchen. she seemed unimpressed.after a rainy, foggy drive down 220, 68 and 40, liz (aka, "punk") and i finally made it to burlington where we met my friend lori, who lives in the area, at the raven. the rest of the band, et al. were meeting at ginger's house first and coming over from there but knowing how i am late everywhere i go i wasn't even sure we'd make it to the club before the show started so we went directly there. walking up the side of the building, i said to punk and lori, "this place looks like an old golden corral, i hope the salad bar is good."we walked into the bar and headed straight for the bathroom (i don't believe in stopping on a road trip.) we laughed as we looked around at the bathroom with the horseshoe door handle and the stall without a door. "uhhhh, this should be interesting," i said.we wandered around the club looking for the guys who i assumed would all ready be in the "band room" ginger mentioned to me the weekend before. i expected this "band room" wouldn't be much more than a hallway or a closet with a disgusting couch. the security guard (who was extremely hot in case you were wondering,) removed the chain blocking the steps, pointed upstairs and said, "first door on the left," when we asked where this "band room" was.it was like opening the gates of heaven. our mouths dropped open but instead of being greeted by a choir of angels we were met by an 7 foot elvis with rotating disco lights coming out his crotch. it was rock-n-roll heaven baby! oh and wayne, wayne was there stretched out on one of the three white leather sofas in front of the big screen tv. as we walked in we screamed like little girls at the mere thought of all the debauchery that could be had in this room that was probably bigger than my entire apartment. the couches, the big screen, the air hockey table, the elvis!! pointing to a door behind him, wayne said, "go in there." "huh?" i said, "what is it? a closet?" "no," he said laughing, "just go in there."i opened the door, one of a couple in the room, and again my mouth was agape. this time i was speechless. there sat a lone leather love seat and a single full-length mirror turned sideways on the wall. "uhh," i said, "remind me not to sit on that couch." wayne just laughed.when tmi, tk and the rest of the crew finally arrived i ran around like a 5 year-old at christmas opening the door to the smaller room and making the same tired joke about not sticking to the couch to anyone who was within my reach. they all had the same, "i'm not sitting on that couch" reaction.we didn't make it back up to the band room until between the tk and tmi sets when we had all had enough alcohol in us that whatever remained on that couch no longer mattered to us. we piled various configurations of people onto the couch acting silly, taking pictures and even though there were three other couches outside everyone seemed to congregate to the one couch that was probably hazardous to our health.tk and tmi both put on great shows! ginger loy did one hell of a great job singing her heart out for tmi. this was an especially nerve racking, special show for her since she has spent many years following the guys in tk-421 and now they were watching her on stage. the rest of bar turned out to be great as well. there was a  small but energetic crowd who was buying merch and definitely buying drinks. the security staff was hot, the bartenders (all male, yay) were way hot, it was a great night indeed. but it was the band room that was the star of this night. the little room, elvis and his lighted crotch, the big pile of tk on a couch, air hockey. it's going to be hard to go back to those folding chairs.thanks for sticking around to the end. since you've been good boys and girls here are the results my 2006 music poll. thanks to everybody who voted! i know there were a lot of voting things going on at once so to those of you who took a few more minutes to show some appreciation to the musicians in this town, i definitely appreciate it and i'm going to go out on a limb and say they do too. my comments are in red.best guitar player:(1) troy winemiller, tk-421(2) kenny seay, burning bridges(3) jason hill, the pop rivets (tie)   chris rakes, drivn (tie) best bass player:(1) steven layne, tk-421(2) brian holt, the pop rivets(3) dave porter, burning bridges best drummer:(1) bill schlueter, tk-421(2) cameron vaught, drivn(3) mike feamster, burning bridges best rock band:(1) tk-421(2) drivnno clear 3rd best cover or tribute band:(1) burning bridges(2) tk-421(3) bitter rain best metal band:(1) tk-421 (uhhh, ok.)(2) dark ruinno clear 3rd best jam band:(1) the seed(2) tk-421 (really people?? tk certainly can jam but isn't a "jam" band by any stretch of the imagination, but thanks for the support i suppose. *looks for tie-dye shirt*)(3) what? huh? who cares? best rap group/dj:(1) illbotz(2) i don't know, no answer, huh?definitely nothing even close to a 3rd, i couldn't even get a second choice out of this category. best country band:(1) cimmaron(2) burning bridges (1st set maybe)no enough responses for a 3rd place. best original song:(1) disengaged-tk-421(2) bed of stone-tk-421(3) view from heaven-drivn best cover of a song (by local artist):(1) crazy bitch-everybodyit seemed in this category everyone had their own favorite except for crazy bitch. everybody loves crazy bitch apparently. it's a good thing nearly every band is covering it right now. now for the fun ones:miss congeniality (best band attitude):(1) tk-421(2) the pop rivetsno clear winner for 3rd best band no one ever sees:(1) bitter rain(2) tk-421 (apparently someone is going to see them since they have won nearly every category, i'm confused.)most fun band:(1) tk-421(2) burning bridges(3) the pop rivets most drunk band(1) tk-421(2) burning bridges(3) drivn best dressed band:(1) tk-421(2) drivn(3) the pop rivetshere's a shocker!best looking musician:(1) troy winemiller, tk-421 (uhm, wow!! aww, he's gonna hate this. ;))(2) trampus stamper, drivn(3) chuck johnson, tk-421and you thought, the seed winning band of the year was surprising!and finally another shocker. i honestly debated a lot on whether or not to post the results of this category. but i decided to definitely do it after seeing the results. this category proves that opinions and polls are so subjective. so for the band that had the most votes in this category, know that the second place band is the undoubtebly one of the biggest, most successful  bands in the state and/or region. obviously there are many people that will disagree with these results and hopefully they'll take the time to vote next year. no matter what people think, one thing i know is that anyone that steps on stage and plays every weekend has more balls than me.  worst band:(1) cobalt media(2) the worx (wow! huh? i suspect there was a little more personal motivation here.)no clear third but that's because nearly every band in this area received at least one or two votes. my favorite response was, "this can be any band if they aren't careful." so true.ps-don't shoot the messenger!!biggest supporter of local music:(1) me!! (thanks!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i love you guys!!)the next couple of categories had so many different answers i wanted to share them all:song you never, ever want to hear played again (song and artist) anything by pink floydanything by the worxanything from the carpentersanything in which jerry wimmer rapsanything the worx doesbrickhousebrickhouse (tim wilson)dance danceenter sandman - metallicaenter sandman in the box - metallica n chainsenter sandman-metallicafight for your right to party!!!! tk 421fight for your right to party---anyone who covers itfree birdfree bird - skynardfree bird, by anyone ever.freebird by anybodyhard to handle, black crowes (please, please, pleeeeease!!!!)kiss medley- you know who you arelips of an angel (hinder)lips of an angel (hinder)man in the boxnot enough spaceprince- anyrapper's delight, burning bridgesrocky toprocky top (this is va, not tenn.)slow ride-foghatsong you never, ever want to hear played again (song and artist)stairway to heaven; led zepplinsweet home alabamatush  zz topcreate your own category and winner:saxophones--don clifton sound- waynemusician most likely to destroy a low ceiling above a stage-isiah osbournmost supportive to the local community....dark ruinmost make-up - tk421most likely to be found on myspace  mike lindseydrunkest groupie:  jessica hotbiggest jerk band_ the worxbiggest ego band: the worxbest speaker dancer---tracy morrisbest plugger of band website chad kingbest place to hear live music:  martin's bar and grillbest eyes - travis trip 9best band to ever play @ 5th qtr tk-421!!!!!!!!!!!! love 'embest band after parties-drivnband most likely to make their female fans flash their titties... and the winner is ...tk iv ii iuh, best hair flip?  oh, best soundman - waynebest keyboardist: jim davis (shakedown) best stage show: tk421 best place to see live music: the clinic, wytheville best place to after-party: super 8, wytheville



posted by band girl @ 6:21 pm  
    	
         4 comments






tuesday, december 05, 2006




first let's start with a few business items this week but stay tuned for the end because there is some exciting news:vote for me to be santa's helper here! thanks to all who have voted so far!vote in the roanoke times 2006 music poll here!apparently greystone tavern (aka-toprail/rail/howlers/shooters) has switched ownership yet again. from what i hear (completely unconfirmed from anyone at greystone) dale and derrek cupp have recently purchased the business from the current owner. hopefully they will continue with jeff's (current owner) hopes of bringing in quality national acts to the area ala cattle annies.speaking of cattle annie's, by now you've heard that the tk-421 and breaking benjamin show was rescheduled...sort of. despite an assurance that when the show was rescheduled tk would still be playing, apparently breaking benjamin decided to give tk the shaft and bring in their own bands to open.  it was in fact a raw deal that i'm certain could have been handled much differently especially considering tk accepted the gig last minute after the original opener couldn't do the show. i scratch your back and you stab me in mine. nice breaking benjamin, very nice! i can't really fault the club much i'm sure it was totally out of their control but you can't tell me there wasn't room to squeeze another band on that show. again, all of this completely unconfirmed and totally my opinion. either way it sucks.also josh bittinger, bassist for cobalt media has decided to leave the band due to personality differences within the band. josh is working a new project that we should be seeing very soon.a new year's update for you as well. not only do we have a big burning bridges and worx show but apparently the rock juggernauts in the area are teaming up as well. drivn and tk-421 will be playing together on nye at the clinic in wytheville. two dream shows, one night, different cities. what am i supposed to do with that???ok, blah, blah, blah enough of that....last week jessica and i hit the big city! it's not like neither one of us had ever been to washington dc before but we had never been on a serious road trip together before. as usual, it's never dull with us.we were headed to dc to see hinder at the 9:30 club where were meeting up with jackie (or jackhole as you may prefer to call her) and her friend diane. i had told jackie that i didn't want to come to the show unless i was right up front. i can't stand to watch a concert from the back. might as well watch it on tv. jackie however didn't like all the craziness that being upfront entailed (i'm currently envisioning jackie slam dancing and crowd surfing.) "i'll meet you after the show," she said to me jokingly...sort of.in order to get a spot up front jackie said we'd need to be there to stand in line at 6:30 for the 8:00 show. no problem i thought, i had taken the day off from work, we could leave whenever. ooops, i forgot jessica had class.  ok, so we'd be leaving right after she got out which would put us there at 7ish.  so needless to say, when we actually got to the show at 9:30 after somehow finding our way through dc without getting lost (despite oddly shaped street signs) we assumed we'd be far, far away from the stage. especially considering the show had been sold-out for weeks.but never underestimate the power of the band girl and jessica hot. we maneuvered our way right up front to the corner of the stage almost instantly, how i'll never know. i can find a hole in a crowd like nobody's business though! about 10 pictures in, the bouncer decided my camera was too "professional" so he escorted us back through the club so i could have my camera confiscated.  we were certain now we'd never make it back up to the front so we stopped to get a drink at the bar where we found jackie and diane (and no you can't make the obvious mellencamp joke because i all ready did.)we grabbed the girls (and some over priced drinks) and headed back to the other side of the room to see if we could maneuver our way back up front which somehow we did! this time like a running back following his blocker we got behind some really big lady who wasn't going to let anyone stand in her way. she pushed the crowd aside like she was parting the sea of galholea. we found our corner spot again where we watched hinder, an awesome band called 18 visions and jackie in all of her drunkenness ("oh my god y'all, i can't believe i'm drunk on a thursday night" "no, jackie, for the hundredth time the bouncer will not take our picture now get behind the red line") for the rest of the show. you know we loves ya jackie.after the show, the crowd dispersed outside where a couple of guys from the opening band, lynam, were selling cds and taking pictures. it didn't take long for jessica and i go right over to them and start taking pictures (even though we had spent all of our money on the 18 visions cds so we couldn't buy theirs.) but we hugged on them, joked around with them, while drunk jackie attempted to take pictures whilst holding the shutter button down (click, click, click, click, click) and taking pictures of the wrong guy in the band. he in turn repaid the favor by mooning her. i'm not really sure why but i'm almost positive he had duct tape on his butt too. i dunno, i just work here.as jessica and i plotted  about how to get on the tour bus that stood directly in front of us, jackie was screaming at us, "i'm not leaving until you get in a cab!i'm not leaving until you get in a cab!" eventually we just got tired of her yelling at us and gave up on our tour bus plan and got ready to hop in a cab. until i realized, "oh sh*t! we just spent all of our money on cds! uhm, jackie, can we have some money?"after we finally got back to our hotel room, jessica and i noticed that it was only 11:30. we can't go to bed in dc at 11:30! so we do the smart, prudent thing and we decide to go visit the monuments. the great thing about visiting the monuments in dc at midnight is that there are no crowds and if you are just going to the washington monument, there's great parking.  however, the downside is anytime you see another person you are certain you are about to be stabbed and if you are trying to get to the other monuments there is absolutely nowhere safe or close by to park. feel free however to jump in the lap of a random statue and take pictures.after making dozens of trips around in a circle trying to find a way to the see the other monuments, we ended up making a wrong turn and another wrong turn where we quickly found ourselves on a one-way road into the forrest of death. there was no where to turn around, one strange, lone vehicle following us and a fox on the side of the road eating a dead deer (although he looked embarrassed when we caught him and quickly scurried away.) i was certain of death or ending up in delaware, either way, it wasn't going to be good. after much prayer and an axl rose dance, we found our saving grace! a "no u-turn" sign in front of the cia. "i don't give a bleep, bleep, bleep, bleep," said jessica, "this is where we are turning around." and we did. i'm sure we are right under wayne's name on the some kind of cia watch-list now, but at least we made it out of the forrest of death alive. oh deer.then we drove home, maryland is lovely this time of year. sheesh.ok, enough of our silly shenanigans, let's get to the big stuff!as we are all aware, the roanoke times is currently conducting their annual music poll. i've heard from a bunch of people, myself included (because that's usually the best conversation i have all day,) that their poll just doesn't go far enough. what about the drummers, the bass players and guitar players in the area? why aren't they mentioned? why is it just the singers (like they need bigger egos)? so i am conducting the first official "band girl music poll" as an addendum to the roanoke times poll.here are the rules:-vote-tell all your friends-polls close at 5:00 pm, friday, december 15.here's the survey: http://bndgrl.com/survey/index.php?sid=2&newtest=ynow go forth and vote!this weekend everyone is playing somewhere!tk is at aa's towers on friday and the 5th quarter in danville on saturday.the pop rivets make their debut it marion all weekend.junkfood is at the pub in harrisonburg on saturday.drivn is in abington all weekend.burning bridges is at the clinic friday and in south boston on saturdaythe worx is at wolfies in c'ville on fri. (yea, look me plugging 'em)bitter rain is at mulligan's in stauntonlabels: bands, breaking benjamin, music, roanoke, rock



posted by band girl @ 6:07 pm  
    	
         1 comments






friday, november 24, 2006




      thanksgiving isn't officially over until the all the leftovers are gone, right? so i'd better hurry because cold stuffing makes a great breakfast.before i give you my list of all the things i am thankful for this year, we have some business to take care of.  coming into the end of the year, if you weren't paying attention you may have missed the great bass player trade of aught six. hmm, who to start with...justin tolley is rejoining the worx (again) where he replaced dave porter (again) who is rejoining burning bridges (again.) matt owens from burning bridges is joining bad dog (for the first time) after tim wilson left bad dog (for the first time) to rejoin shakedown (again.) got all that? all roanoke area bass players please take two steps to the left.i should hurry, i just polished off all the deviled eggs.ok, here we go. this year once again has been full of great times, great people and great adventures (some printable, the best ones not printable.) looking back at last year at this time i had just met jackie, nikki was all boyfriended up, i had just had one really great friday night at chisholm's, i was still living in harrisonburg and hating every minute of it.  fast forward to this year, jackie just left my apartment after making me sick, i see boyfriend potential for nikki soon, i just spent a really great friday night at mulligans in staunton and i finally got the hell out of harrisonburg even though i'm driving more now by moving to roanoke than i did by living in harrisonburg.so this year i am thankful for obviously my family first.  but i am also thankful for hillbilly teeth, go cart tracks, leaping across meadows, getting banned from hotels, the super 8, lightning striking twice (or three times,) blazing saddles, movies on the ceiling and great naps. i am thankful for $300 room service bills, jumping in the pool with our clothes on, african ant-eater rituals even if patrick dempsey missed them, popcorn balls and wwkd. i am thankful for hopanese, spicy chicken birthday cakes with cigarette candles, saturday afternoons and best friends who get you through the day. i am thankful for friends that'll help you move, friends that'll find you jobs and jobs you find on your own. i am thankful for the best birthday party in the history of birthday parties, promises for my next birthday and hot men in feathers on my couch. i am thankful for wednesday date night, the office, guest lists when the line is out the door, text messages, turkey buckets, snickers fairies, boxes of wine and gallons of jager. i am thankful for my camera and all the people who say nice things about my pictures. i am thankful for secret rooms in wytheville and staying up all night talking. i am thankful for laying around with the tv off talking all day and sharing parts of you no one else would ever see. i am thankful for nikki, jessica, jackie, tk-421, burning bridges, drivn, bitter rain and the pop rivets and all the craziness that follows them all.ok, so the stuffing is gone (it was actually gone about 10 minutes ago but i was on a roll. yea, i ate them too.) so it's officially the end of thanksgiving but that doesn't mean i'm not thankful each and everyday of the year for everybody that stops by here and reads my insane ramblings. so, thanks. now, i'm off to the y to work off the massive amounts of turkey i have just ingested in the past two days.*waddles to the door*this weekend go see:tk at the clinic (i heart the clinic) friday and saturday.the pop rivets at awful arthurs downtown friday.the worx at cattle annies friday. welcome back jt!!
      


posted by band girl @ 7:11 am  
    	
         1 comments






thursday, november 02, 2006




      i'm going to share with you a profound discovery i've made. call it my contribution to man/musician kind. i really have no use for it myself so i will bestow my great wisdom on you (what can i say, i'm a giver.) so here it goes, are you ready? if you are planning a family and would like your future unborn child to be a musician (god help you) then you need to become pregnant within the months of december through february. plan yourself a little libra or scorpio and the chances of you having a teeny tiny little rockstar of your very own increase enormously. wait till march and you're having an accountant.somehow i went from being the band girl to being the birthday girl. the keeper of some sort of un-official birthday calendar for the local music scene. which is funny/sad since i completely missed both of my best friends from high school and college's birthdays this year (and plenty of years past as well.) if my birthday wasn't 04/04 (yes, that's a hint) then i probably would have even forgotten it. so what started off as a way for me to not be such a birthday flake, turned into some kind of massive list of where the local musical birthday soirees would be.it didn't take long for me to notice a pattern though. maybe it was the fact that i suddenly was attending birthday parties at an alarming rate or maybe i just actually looked at the calendar (yea, i'm bright like that.) anyway, so what i noticed is that pretty much every musician i know has a birthday that falls sometime between mid-september and the end of november.starting in mid-september (9/15) we celebrated sarah's birthday (ok so technically she's not a musician but a musician-in-law) at the drivn show with the normal goofy barbie birthday hats and noise makers. next up was shane from trip 9's birthday on september 23 where we presented him with a pretty pink birthday cake and a giant pickle balloon (well, duh.)next stop on the birthday train were wayne sowder (soundgod,) chuck johnson (tk-421,) and kip gaudette (formerly of chameleon and staxx fame.) for those of you keeping score at home, troy and steve (tk-421, staxx and chameleon) had lead singers with the same birthdays. weird but, true. we celebrated wayne and chuck's birthday in wytheville by having all the girls at the show come dressed in pig-tails. someone likes pig-tails (but i suspect neither one hated them.) it was all good until crippler decided to wear jessica's pig-tail wig. if you've never met crippler, sweet as he is, he does not make a pretty girl. uh yea, happy birthday guys.on october 9, the world was graced with presence of jody hanschew of bitter rain and bart harris of junkfood. although we weren't there, i'm sure both jody and bart managed to have a dandy birthday without us. certainly the boone's was flowing freely for bart and jody was probably partying it up in the periodicals. the following week proved just as full. there was a surprise birthday party for mike feamster of burning bridges  (10/11) at o'charley's were we dined on jager cake and made jokes about the great mullet-ish hair mike had in his high school band days.then we headed to winston-salem, nc to celebrate bill and steve's birthday by freezing our arse's off in sub-freezing temperatures at ziggy's for a tk-421 show where we all rocked out clad in our winter coats because apparently ziggy's doesn't really feel the need to supply heat when it's 20 degrees outside. the weekend heated up nicely though with tk playing the fashion rox fashion show at the garage in winston-salem. chuck got crippler in pig-tails, bill and steve got models. sorry chuck.at this point we are still only at mid-october. see what i mean? how does this happen? what is it about these months? sorry i digress, let's continue with the birthday ho-haa's.dave "johnson" johnson was on deck next with yet another surprise birthday party this time at red dragon where suprisingly we ended up talking "shop" with the manager of red dragon, stan thorn. what's so significant about this? stan was a founding member of the country group shenandoah. if i was betting gal, i'd say his birthday was probably somewhere in september-november.we rounded out the tk birthday season with troy's birthday on october 24th where we donned "did you just push me" shirts made especially for troy (in honor of him defending me from a drunken moron at greystone one night.) in lieu of a birthday cake, we got troy a birthday spicy chicken. spicy chicken is synonymous with troy. although since 7-11 was out of birthday candles, he had to settle for a birthday cigarette candle in his spicy chicken. ewww.currently we are in the midst of jessica's (again not a musician but a rockstar nonetheless) birthday weekends (because she deserves more than one.) last weekend was spent celebrating all weekend in wytheville (it's the best place to live according to the napkins) at burning bridges and drivn shows. jackie even made it all the way from dc to help us celebrate with jesus candles and suck-n-blows (not together.) jess' birthday dinner was last night at kabuki with lots liquor in various flavors and various shaped glasses. then we headed to awful arthur's towers to listen to kevin self and hang out with some of the hottest guys we know. we'll finish her off this weekend at drivn and tk.we aren't done yet, there's more birthday work to be done. jason hill has a birthday coming up on november 9th which is sure to be a good time. then drakyn's birthday is november 17 (even if he is only turning 4, he's all ready started playing the drums.)kenny seay of raygun, soupcan, popcorn ball and burning bridges fame brings us to the end of birthday overload on november 25th. *update-apparently there are two more birthdays to support my theory. mike lindsey of bitter rain celebrates on november 21st and our very own phanton blogger, the fabulously sarcastic and talented, mr. john persinger (big round of applause) celebrates on november 10.*updated again to add tim wilson's of shakedown's on october 8.whew! if i have to buy one more birthday bottle of jager...shows this weekend for you to pay particular attention to:burning bridges will be at greystone all weekend.drivn will be celebrating jessica's birthday again at awful arthur's towers on friday night.tk-421 makes their debut and caps of the jessica birthday weeks at awful arthur's salem.
      


posted by band girl @ 4:48 pm  
    	
         2 comments






wednesday, october 04, 2006




(first of all, check me out in the timescast from wednesday here!!)the best part of the night is the stories. not that the music isn't incredible and fun but really i live for the moments that happen around the show.sometimes there are those moments when someone says something or makes an observation that even though it was an ordinary comment for some reason it becomes ridicously funny and begins to morph into way more than it was ever intended. take for instance the night jessica and i went to the danielle peck show at greystone to see burning bridges (no, we didn't know who she was either. but she's a great performer and her band mates were incredibly nice!) jessica made a quick jaunt to the bathroom before we headed home for the night. having made jokes all night about it being a different crowd than we are used to (don't see many cowboy hats at a tk show,) jess came out of the bathroom giggling. "i was in the bathroom," she said, "and this lady says, 'that was a right good show.' " typing it out, reading back over it, it's not funny at all but, to hear jessica say it has become the source of many jokes there after. "i swur fer gawd, the good lord willing and the creek don't rise, that was a right good show."it's especially funny when you are completely sober and someone who's not so completely sober makes what appears to them to be a rational comment, notsomuch to the sober. jessica had worn a pair of hot cream-colored tights underneath her shorts as only she can. as "hot" as they were, they eventually became really "hot" and she decided to take them off and just wear the shorts. a few minutes later on a set break, troy walks up and is talking with us. he looks down and in drunken triz he says, "where'd your pants go?" again, here, right this very second, i'm wondering why i even bothered to type that story out but then, it was absolutely hilarious.that same night i was the uh..."lucky"...recipient of sweet young girl who "just wanted to get to know the band better." she was an aspiring second year student studying to become a record producer in san francisco...cough...bulls**t...cough... wonder why i'm so cynical of her alleged major? it might have been the fact that she was professing her love for the "guitar player in the white shirt" while looking right at steve, the bass player. i said, "you mean the bass player?" "uh, yea," she said. then began flailing her arms about in what i can only assume is some type of weird mating dance she picked up in haight ashbury.the best stories are always the "you had to be there" moments. the moments when someone says something to you that no matter how much inflection or emotion you put into retelling the story, it never quite gets the same reaction from other people. the stories you tell and just wait for an exclamation of your comedic prowess but are usually met by blank stares. as we were winding down our night back at our favorite little super 8, liz decided to show us every picture in her cell phone, which suddenly made me want to look at mine.i flipped open my cell phone and looked at the first picture. "hmm," i thought quizzically to myself. *yea, i know that's the most retarded sentence i've ever written but it's true.* i looked a little harder, "i have no idea what that is." "jess, what is this?" i asked jessica. "hmmm?" she said. "hmmmmmmm?" we said. so there we sat for about 10 minutes trying to figure it out."oh! there's a white shirt collar! it must be chuck!" jessica deduced. "oh yea, i said, it's his fist right there too." i noticed. "and there's part of a cymbal!" i continued. so there it was, it was chuck in his rebel yell billy idol fist in the air pose. until this followed:*tracy flips phone upside down*tracy and jess in unison: ohhhhhhhhhhhhh! it's troy!*it was so obviously troy*uproarious laughter.see? not funny now, but then, jessica stopped breathing and i had tears streaming down my face from laughing so hard. although here's the part you can appreciate. we wanted everyone to play our little "what's this a picture of" game. we handed bill the phone in it's really confusing original orientation. as bill looks at the phone for a moment he says, "i see a poodle."ok, i guess you really did have to be there.  but i'm cracking up just thinking about it.lots of great shows to see this week!thursday-need a road trip? go see the pop rivets at bogarts in richmond. or just catch them friday night at martins. jason is playing playing with charlie hamill saturday night at the fork in the alley.friday-you heard the forecast! it's burning bridges in danville at the 5th quarter. you can also check out the big show at aa's towers with national act, jimmie's chicken shack with our very own cobalt media opening the show for them.saturday-bb stays in danville. tk-421 finally makes their way back to aa's towers (hopefully someone will clean up all the chicken feathers from friday night.)by the way people, it's not too early to start thinking about new year's eve.  there are some great shows this year! tk-421 will be at the clinic in wytheville (where else would they be?) and bitter rain will be down the street at turn one (what an after party that will be!) also a big show with burning bridges and the worx at the 5th quarter in danville. damned the choices!!
      


posted by band girl @ 6:18 pm  
    	
         1 comments






thursday, september 14, 2006




      they say, "you can never go home again." it's not that you actually "can't", it's more so just that you probably don't want to.  if you've just joined us here in bndgrllnd, i moved to roanoke about 7 months ago from harrisonburg where i had lived nearly all my life. it really bothers me to hear people in roanoke whine about the music scene in this town. be grateful folks because for whatever roanoke is lacking in, it's a hell of a lot more than harrisonburg even has.there used to be at least 4 or 5  clubs you could go to to hear live music there. i've had some great times at those clubs. how could you not love chisholms for all it's broken nastiness? the toilets over flowed every night, there were holes in the stage, the ceiling was falling down and unindentifiable  stains all over the hotel rooms but goodness did we ever have some great times in that place. who could forget such classics as, "watch kenny break his face," "let's sneak some jello shots in,"  "let's get the camera phone out," "josh has a trashcan on his head," "where's the rest of rude dog's headphones" and "let me see your..." but that's  all  ended now since they closed their old broken doors earlier this year.now really the only places left in harrisonburg to listen to live music is a couple of bars and a half with the pub, mainstreet and rocktown (formerly high"i don't wanna get shot"lawn.)  so, that half a bar is where we headed this past weekend to see burning bridges. technically, "rocktown" is a full size bar, with a pretty big room. unfortunately, it's a big concrete room with one table and horrible acoustics (big props to jeremy nichols for making it virtually unoticeable.) but when last call is at midnight,  i can't really consider you a real bar.occasionally the selfish b**** in me likes it when i get a "private" show where the crowd is so dismal that the band is essentially playing to me. this weekend however, was not one of those weekends. we had established friday night as "girls night" and gathered up a rare appearance by nearly all of my girlfriends. jackie, nikki, jessica and myself were geared up for a great night of drunken bonding. although since jessica and i were still recovering from thursday night's record jager setting performance at the drivn show we had deferred the "drunkenness" to jackie and nikki. they were gracious enough to kindly take care of that without any problems.nikki and ronnie went ahead a little early to get "a table" (i didn't realize that there was only one to get.) while jackie, jessica and i made a stop for a shoebox full of hotdogs from jess' quick lunch (now that is something i can go home for.) *please note-cold chilidogs during a show are the best food you will ever eat and unless you are jackie and continually forget that you ate all yours.since the band started at 9:00 (another reason i can't consider it a real bar, who starts a band at 9:00? i don't even take a shower to get ready until 9 sometimes) we missed most of the first set in hotdog heaven so we assumed it would be packed when we got there.  we were wrong. we watched as some lone couple line danced to every song, "bring these people with you from greystone?," i asked jeremy. apparently it seemed, that not only had harrisonburg clubs given up on live music the people had as well.i was also wrong about not wanting a private show.  it's been a while since i've seen a show where the turnout had been less than stellar. it was definitely cool to have kenny lean down to us at one point near the end of the night and say, "there's no one here but you guys, tell us what you want us to play." still i would have much rather these guys had a packed house.so next the time you find your self saying, "the music scene here sucks." remember, it could be worse, you could live in harrisonburg. also keep in mind if you don't support local music in roanoke, we will end up just like harrisonburg.(side note: they had a great  crowd saturday night so maybe not all hope is lost.)check these shows out:fri/sat-burning bridges at mulligan's in stauntonfri-drivn at awful arthur's towerssat-drivn at the buckhead saloon in charlottesat-bad dog at the clinic in wythevillesaturday, sept 23rd-the best band in dc (according to the washington post), junkfood,  comes to aa's towers. don't miss it! hey jeff-byob (bring your own bucket.) 



posted by band girl @ 8:27 pm  
    	
         5 comments






wednesday, august 16, 2006




      i've tried being funny and witty. i've tried being serious and contemplative. but sometimes these things just don't come to you too easily. so i'm just going to give it to you straight. here are the high and low lights from the past couple of weekends.we had one really crazy friday night in wytheville a couple of friday's ago. we are pretty sure at this point that someone put something in jess' drink at the bar that caused her to black out (not pass out people, black out) and fall out of bill's truck into the gravel parking lot where the only thing catching her was her face.  trust me you never want 3 drunks to be your emergency medical team either, especially when you realize upon sobering up that you probably had a concussion. luckily jess heals mighty quick.as if one set of injuries wasn't enough, i decide to break my foot just a few hours later. now if you've ever seen me, chances are good that you've seen me fall at least once. why? because i'm a big ol' klutz. i fall at least once a night for no reason. maybe i have bad ankles, maybe it has something to do with the size of my butt and gravity, i just don't know. all i know is i go down a lot (there's an emoticon that goes there but tad would probably be mad if i actually typed it out.) so you would think i would have injured myself more frequently.  despite this at 30..cough..something years old i am proud to say i've never broken a bone, until now.  how did it happen? you might ask. it's simple. lesbian ninjas. lesbian ninjas? you might ask. yes, lesbian ninjas.so we hobbled all broken and bent back to roanoke for some out of town guests,  a bachelorette/bachelor party and a near on-stage orgy.it wasn't too long after i met kel that i introduced her to the soundman (and my first and only groupie) for the pop rivet's at the time, dave nipper. none of us ever imagined they would begin dating much less end up engaged. well here we are with the wedding coming this weekend so it was time to throw the kid's a little party. dave and kel decided to do a joint bachelor/bachelorette party so that all of our friends could just get together in one spot to celebrate. we did dinner and margaritas and then headed over to greystone tavern (after a failed attempt at bachelorette laser tag) for tk-421.  we made kel wear ridiculous things and drink ridiculous amounts while troy pulled nipper up on stage to do play a song. i hope they had a great time and will have many, many, many more.we also had visitors for the weekend. jenn is from south carolina and she really is the sc version of me. she used to follow troy and steve around 10 years ago with their old band, staxx, like i do with tk now. well 1o years is way too long to go without seeing those boys play! so jenn grabbed her husband "dirty" and their crew and headed to va for a little rock-n-roll show.  boy did they ever get a show.i'm not sure what was in the jager that friday night in greystone but i'm pretty sure that everyone in that bar got kissed at least once by somebody up on a speaker. there were girls kissing girls. there were girls kissing boys. there were boys kissing girls and girls. there were chicks all over the stage, all night long. it was complete and total decedant mayhem. good times indeed. also, if you drink a lot your broken foot doesn't hurt nearly as much. funny how that works out.ok, that's all i got. is that enough? oh, the lesbian ninja thing? not true. i really just fell down for no reason.shows for the week:thursday, tk-421 at schooner's.friday, the pop rivets at aa's towersfriday, cobalt media and burning bridges at greystonesaturday, tk-421 plays their last show for a month (boo) at aa's towerssaturday, naughty schoolgirl night at greystone with burning bridges again.edit-two shows i forgot!! especially for you folks in staunton/harrisonburg. saturday-junkfood is back at the pub in harrisonburg. f'you ladder!! these guys rock go support them. they'll be at towers soon!saturday-bitter rain is at mulligan's in staunton. stay outta the pool cfk!!one more i forgot!! ugh, there's way too much going on!bad dog is at schooner's on saturday!a few more things really quickly:*here's a little private message for someone and i hope they are reading it. the local bands around here who are playing "small local bars"  are doing it with their music. music they have put their blood, sweat and tears into. you are playing big clubs across the country on someone elses hard work. you are succesful at imitating not creating. so let's keep that in perspective shall we?*if you haven't heard, tommy nunley has rejoined drivn as it's bass player.  good luck to him and the guys in drivn as they make their way across the country and especially to justin tolley who i'm sure you will hear from again very soon!*i'm sorry to say that i missed one awesome pop rivets show at mango's this past weekend. it started to rain and my boys played in the rain. talk about "never stop the show." i heard from several people how awesome this show was! not that the pop rivets aren't always awesome but every musician always has that one show where everything is on and perfect! so, good job guys! i heart you!
      


posted by band girl @ 5:48 pm  
    	
         7 comments






thursday, july 27, 2006




i love my life.  i really, really do. there are not many people that have more fun than i do.two weeks ago i was set to spend another nomal two nighter in wythevegas. we've done this a million times (i really should buy property there.) there was no reason to suspect anything would be any different this time. maybe troy breaks a chair instead of the table? but that would be the extent of it. apparently though jessica forgot to read my blog about the "saturday afternoon."my friend, jessica, decided to make her first trek to wytheville for the tk-421/drivn double header weekend. friday night was typical great shows from both bands as well as a the typical late night after the shows. so saturday i assumed would be the typical "saturday afternoon." well i found out pretty quickly there really is nothing typical about jess.after a measly 3 or so hours of sleep (i hate you red bull) we were both wide awake. jess immediately jumps up and starts cleaning. me? i immediately rolled over to the other side. bill eventually made his way up to our room to hang out. with nothing left to clean, jess exclaims, "i'm not sitting here all day, let's go to the go cart track!" "whu huh?" i said confused. "hmmm, ok," i said suprising even myself.so after getting lost looking for some really bad chinesse food and hitting a outlet mall that only had two stores, we were off to the galewinds go-cart track. we hit the arcade first getting chased by some kid who was convinced he was better at shooting deer than me (he was right, annoying, but right.)  bill gave him 2 bucks (the paper kind not the animal kind) to go away. he left and much to our dismay never returned even after sending him off with orders to get us some birthday cake from the party in the next room.after some mad arcade playing skills, despite getting screwed by the skee ball machine, we racked up enough tickets to purchase a whoopie cushion, 2 sets of hillbilly teeth and a beeeaaaauuuutiful ring that we got at a discount because the lady behind the counter felt sorry for us (or was annoyed by us, whatever.)let me just tell you one thing, there is nothing funnier in this world than two grown women walking around with fake hillbilly teeth at a go-cart track. oh wait, i'm wrong, there is one thing funnier. there is nothing funnier in this world than seeing jess with hillbilly teeth in her mouth in super high heels from the night before driving a go-cart!the rest of the afternoon was spent doubled over from laughter each time we grinned at someone new. if you've never sat in applebee's before with fake hillbilly teeth in, i would highly suggest it. it's a riot.   as if that wasn't enough excitement for one day, we made sure to keep our new teeth in for the trip 9 and tk-421 show.  my abs hurt the next day from laughing so hard for so long.by the way, the trip 9 and tk-421 show was amazing! trip 9 is awesome and hopefully we'll be seeing these guys out more very soon! there's nothing like having a killer opening band to make you step your game up  and tk, whose shows are always top-notch, found a way to exceed even their normally high standards.as if that wasn't enough, i had a whole week full of shows to look forward to. the big theory of a deadman show at greystone, tk at schooners, burning bridges at the coffee pot and then tk had another incredible band opening for them on saturday, mudjunkie, from winston-salem.jess and i hit the theory show together, sans the teeth (not completely sans teeth mind you, just sans the weekend teeth.) i got my first chance to hear madrone, who rocked, and then my first chance to see the new chinese fire drill line-up who completely rocked my socks (although it was a little sad for me not seeing jason up there. i'm a huge jaymo fan!) theory of a deadman of course put on a great show! i was so thrilled to see the place packed as well. it's really important for roanoke to support shows like this and they really came through. but as usual, the best part of the night happened after the show.as jess and i were drunkingly milling around greystone, i was told that the drummer was looking for me. me? huh? well all-righty then! i went over to the autograph table where the drummer, jay deachman, asks me, "are you the girl who was taking pictures all night?" jay, jess and i actually ended up hanging out for a little while after the show but alas, with nothing to do in salem at 1 am, jess and i headed home.a tired thursday night brought another rare mid-week tk show at schooner's.  this would have another typical tk show had i-81 not been shut down.  i sat on peter's creek with no way out for an hour just trying to get to the show. chuck didn't even get there until 15 minutes after they were supposed to start. did i mention the neighborhood had been evacuated? "everybody out except for the drunks and the band!" a conspiracy maybe? hmmmm...friday night was spent on top of a speaker dancing all night with my ikki at burning bridges 'outting at the coffee pot. seriously, who else's life has this many stories in less than a week?i finally made it to saturday night despite my liver's protest. i had been looking forward to seeing mudjunkie for months! if you've not heard these guys, head directly to their myspace site right now (ok well maybe wait until i finish 'war and piece' here) and take a listen! they are awesome! mudjunkie did not disapoint either! they put on an outstanding show! but the highlight of my night was tk. remember before when i talked about having to step it up when you have a great opening band (yea, sorry i know it was a while ago, try to stick with me?)saturday night was the best tk-421 show i have ever seen. the crowd was on their feet all night (as well as the speakers) and the band was isane! for some reason there was an abundance of musicians at the show and chuck brought nearly every single one of them on stage at one point! i think there was probably at least 6 different bands represented on stage. it was an amazing night musically!in the process of trying to recall everything that has happened over the past two weeks, there were some stories i've just remembered, some others that didn't really fit but were worth mentioning. so here, in no particular order are more random reasons why nobody has more fun than i do:jackie doing a u-turn in the middle of the road and a rolling stop/grab to retrieve steve's hat that had just flown off my head when i decided i needed to pop my head out of her sunroof on the way back to the hotel. but i didn't lose carrie's sunglasses!mudjunkie's bass player swallowing the worm. tequilla people! i'm talking about tequilla!fake tattoo's from the arcade and the girl at the bar asking me, "how'd you get your tattoo so sparkly?"good talks with good friends late at night.neon green meter reader shirts when you've got nothing left to wear.jess trying on tennis shoes and sprinting around the reebok store.jess wanting to skip through the meadow across from the hotel.kicking 12 year olds out of our room because well, they were 12.ikki and i trying to push the weird chick off the speaker.having pooh bear tell the waitress at applebee's he didn't want anything to eat because "it makes me poop."i love my life!!shows this weekend:tk and mudjunkie do it again but in greensboro at the flying anvil. can they repeat? i'm pretty sure.burning bridges is at highlawn/rocktown grille  or whatever they are calling it this week to keep their liquor license on saturday in harrisonburg.drivn is at awful arthurs towers.bitter rain is at the clinic in wythevegas.
      


posted by band girl @ 3:18 pm  
    	
         1 comments















about me

name:  band girl 
location:  roanoke, virginia, united states 
through a series of strange life events, tracy morris has found herself deeply engrossed in the southwest virginia music scene. follow the "band girl" and her group of friends as they traverse the wild and crazy world of the local band scene.
view my complete profile


previous posts

let's talk about heart. heart of a community. hear...
just a quick post to remind everyone to come out t...
schlueter (bill, from tk-421) asked me the other d...
have i ever told you the story about a bar called ...
first let's start with a few business items this w...
thanksgiving isn't officially over until the all t...
i'm going to share with you a profound discovery i...
(first of all, check me out in the timescast from ...
they say, "you can never go home again." it's not ...
i've tried being funny and witty. i've tried being...

links

roanoke time's inside out. if it's happening in roanoke, you'll find it here!
my myspace. yes, i'm addicted.
tk-421
burning bridges
drivn
dave porter
navel
frontiers
cradlejack
chinesse fire drill

archives

06/23/05
06/25/05
07/05/05
07/11/05
07/21/05
07/24/05
08/02/05
08/09/05
08/16/05
08/21/05
08/30/05
09/07/05
09/16/05
09/21/05
09/29/05
10/05/05
10/12/05
10/15/05
10/19/05
10/27/05
11/03/05
11/11/05
11/18/05
11/22/05
12/05/05
12/16/05
12/21/05
12/29/05
12/31/05
01/03/06
01/05/06
01/18/06
01/26/06
02/09/06
02/23/06
02/28/06
03/15/06
03/23/06
03/31/06
04/06/06
04/21/06
05/04/06
05/16/06
05/24/06
06/15/06
06/28/06
07/17/06
07/27/06
08/16/06
09/14/06
10/04/06
11/02/06
11/24/06
12/05/06
01/08/07
03/06/07
04/24/07
04/30/07






 



 





 


