     lynn layton chevrolet new & used cars | chevrolet dealership in decatur, al |                                                                             lynn layton chevrolet             sales 256-274-4665    service 256-274-4646  parts 256-353-5531      2416 highway 31 sdecatur, al 35601                                        service        map        contact                         lynn layton chevrolet                     call 256-274-4665   directions                 home   new   test drive chevy ev   new vehicles   buy online   value your trade   sca performance   model research   schedule test drive   business elite   2024 chevrolet blazer ev   2024 chevrolet equinox ev   2024 chevrolet silverado ev     pre-owned   certified pre-owned vehicles   pre-owned vehicles   accu-trade instant cash offer   vehicles under 25k   schedule test drive   certified vehicles   find my car     specials   new specials   pre-owned specials   weekly ad   service & parts specials   military appreciation   family first   chevrolet special offers     service   service department   oil change   brake replacement   tire basics   battery service   order parts   schedule service   parts warranty   tire finder   gm accessories   collision & body shop   tire finder     finance   finance department   payment calculator   finance application   accu-trade instant cash offer   chevrolet protection     about   our dealership   careers   hours & directions   contact us   career technician   privacy policy   our blog   onstar assistance	   my chevrolet rewards   gm rewards     work trucks   model research   2023 model research   2022 silverado 1500   2024 model research   2025 chevrolet trailblazer   2025 chevrolet trax   2025 chevrolet equinox   2025 chevrolet blazer                      home   new   test drive chevy ev   new vehicles   buy online   value your trade   sca performance   model research   schedule test drive   business elite   2024 chevrolet blazer ev   2024 chevrolet equinox ev   2024 chevrolet silverado ev     pre-owned   certified pre-owned vehicles   pre-owned vehicles   accu-trade instant cash offer   vehicles under 25k   schedule test drive   certified vehicles   find my car     specials   new specials   pre-owned specials   weekly ad   service & parts specials   military appreciation   family first   chevrolet special offers     service   service department   oil change   brake replacement   tire basics   battery service   order parts   schedule service   parts warranty   tire finder   gm accessories   collision & body shop   tire finder     finance   finance department   payment calculator   finance application   accu-trade instant cash offer   chevrolet protection     about   our dealership   careers   hours & directions   contact us   career technician   privacy policy   our blog   onstar assistance	   my chevrolet rewards   gm rewards     work trucks   model research   2023 model research   2022 silverado 1500   2024 model research   2025 chevrolet trailblazer   2025 chevrolet trax   2025 chevrolet equinox   2025 chevrolet blazer               










inventory search
     shop by vehicle   vehicles available        vehicle      keyword      budget              type  all new used certified    make  any make    model  any model       reset search   search reset         search              minimum price    maximum price   minimum value cannot be greater than maximum.       search   reset         





      important information          important information          important information          important information          important information          important information          important information          important information          important information          important information          important information          important information          important information          important information          important information          important information          important information          important information                                                                







lynn layton special offers
view specials










schedule service
schedule now




      search new inventory     search used inventory            view our lineup    suvs  |  trucks  |  cars          malibu      camaro      corvette          trax      equinox      trailblazer      blazer      traverse      tahoe      suburban          colorado      silverado 1500      silverado 2500hd      silverado 3500hd      express             


schedule a test drive
take the wheel of your dream chevy car today - book your test drive with us now in decatur, al!
schedule test drive




certified pre-owned
browse our inventory of certified pre-owned vehicles.
search certified


     



chevy trucks
featuring high-strength steel, fully boxed frames and innovative cargo beds, they're the family of the most-dependable, longest-lasting full-size pickups on the road. choose the truck that best meets your needs.


new trucks


used trucks







      

quality auto service
certified service experts can help
we made your chevrolet the superior vehicle it is today and we want to ensure it remains that way. lynn layton chevrolet technicians are highly trained and certified to perform whatever work you may need on your car, truck or suv. schedule your next appointment with us today.
schedule service


       



lynn layton chevrolet
welcome to lynn layton chevrolet, your local chevy dealership that serves huntsville, athens, birmingham and florence, al. we offer a wide variety of new chevrolet cars, trucks, and suvs, commercial vehicles, and quality used cars. find your dream silverado, blazer, or certified pre-owned vehicle at our dealership located at 2416 hwy 31 s in decatur, al. looking for an oil change or want to test drive a new chevy? visit us today! call (256) 274-4665 for any questions. we're here to help you find your perfect ride. 
more about us




     


    sales hours         monday 8:30am - 7:00pm    tuesday 8:30am - 7:00pm    wednesday 8:30am - 7:00pm    thursday 8:30am - 7:00pm    friday 8:30am - 7:00pm    saturday 9:00am - 6:00pm     sunday closed         service hours         monday 7:30am - 5:00pm    tuesday 7:30am - 5:00pm    wednesday 7:30am - 5:00pm    thursday 7:30am - 5:00pm    friday 7:30am - 5:00pm    saturday closed     sunday closed         parts hours         monday 7:30am - 5:30pm    tuesday 7:30am - 5:30pm    wednesday 7:30am - 5:30pm    thursday 7:30am - 5:30pm    friday 7:30am - 5:30pm    saturday closed     sunday closed        
     



follow us on social media


                            


     

your chevrolet dealership in decatur, al
for quality auto services in decatur and beyond, choose lynn layton chevrolet. since 1983, our family-run dealership has been proudly serving the community with a wide range of automotive solutions. from sales to service, we have everything you need for the road ahead. visit us today and experience the difference!





lynn layton chevrolet: looking out for our customers
you have plenty of choices when it comes to what dealership you want to do business with, but the courteous and respectful service our family-run dealership offers makes us stand out from the rest. that, plus the fantastic inventory of vehicles we offer, makes us the best place to go for all of your automotive needs.




the top chevrolet vehicles we offer


chevy silverado
this powerful truck that can handle tough jobs with ease. its comfortable seating and smart sync technology features provide a relaxing and convenient experience, while its impressive towing capacity makes it perfect for heavy-duty work or just a family truck. with a bold exterior design and versatile features, the silverado is an excellent choice for those who need a reliable and capable truck. visit us to view the silverado 1500, silverado 2500 and silverado 3500
chevy tahoe
with seating for up to eight, the chevy tahoe is perfect for larger families or those who love to carpool. its bold design commands attention on the road and its spacious interior ensures everyone rides in comfort. the tahoe also comes with advanced safety features, making it a great choice for families.
chevrolet blazer
the chevy blazer suv boasts a sporty and sleek design that is sure to turn heads. it comes equipped with advanced all-wheel drive capability, ensuring you have a smooth and stable ride no matter the conditions. the interior is thoughtfully designed and packed with modern features, making it a stylish and practical choice.


chevy equinox
the chevy equinox is a versatile suv that can handle anything life throws your way. its stylish design is matched with a thoughtful and functional interior, making it a pleasure to drive. equipped with advanced safety features, it's a great choice for families or anyone who values peace of mind on the road.
the chevrolet suburban
this iconic suv has stood the test of time. its spacious interior offers room for up to nine passengers, making it perfect for large families or group trips. with best-in-class cargo volume, you can take everything you need with you on your adventures.




car service and financing in decatur, al


skilled service technicians
when it comes to maintaining your vehicle, you deserve the best of the best. our ase and gm-certified technicians chevrolet dealership have the expertise and skills to provide you with top-notch maintenance and repairs, so you can have peace of mind knowing that your car is in great hands. from oil and filter change, routine maintenance to complex repairs, we've got you covered to ensure you enjoy a reliable and safe driving experience for years to come. trust us to take care of your vehicle, and we'll exceed your expectations every time. visit our service department today!


car financing for everybody
we pride ourselves in helping all of our customers, regardless of their financial situation. that is why we offer a range of financing options to suit all needs. our expert financing team will work with you to secure a loan that lets you drive your dream ride without breaking the bank. take advantage of our payment calculator to estimate your monthly payments and also get pre-approved for a car loan online. please don't hesitate to contact us for questions.


                      copyright © 2025 by dealeron | sitemap | privacy | lynn layton chevrolet | 2416 highway 31 s, decatur, al 35601 | sales: 256-274-4665              
















                 