     buick, gmc dealership in green brook nj | serving green brook and middlesex | green brook buick gmc                                                                            green brook buick gmc             sales 732-733-2627    service 732-733-2628         101 us highway 22 eastboundgreen brook, nj 08812                              service        map        contact                           green brook buick gmc                    call 732-733-2627   directions                      new   new vehicles   model research   schedule test drive   trade appraisal   onstar assistance	   my buick rewards   shop click drive   sierra ev   hummer ev     ev hub   ev inventory     pre-owned   pre-owned vehicles   vehicles under 15k   certified plus   schedule test drive   trade appraisal   find my car     specials   new specials   pre-owned specials   service & parts specials     service   service department   request an appointment   service & parts specials   tire finder   order parts   oil change   brake service   battery service   tire basics   parts warranty   order parts online   gm accessories   buick accessories   gmc accessories     finance   finance department   get pre-approved   payment calculator   gmc protection     about   our dealership   meet our staff   careers   hours & directions   contact us   reviews   hablamos espanol   careers technicians opportunities     model research                    home   new   new vehicles   model research   schedule test drive   trade appraisal   onstar assistance	   my buick rewards   shop click drive   sierra ev   hummer ev     ev hub   ev inventory     pre-owned   pre-owned vehicles   vehicles under 15k   certified plus   schedule test drive   trade appraisal   find my car     specials   new specials   pre-owned specials   service & parts specials     service   service department   request an appointment   service & parts specials   tire finder   order parts   oil change   brake service   battery service   tire basics   parts warranty   order parts online   gm accessories   buick accessories   gmc accessories     finance   finance department   get pre-approved   payment calculator   gmc protection     about   our dealership   meet our staff   careers   hours & directions   contact us   reviews   hablamos espanol   careers technicians opportunities     model research             









inventory search
     shop by vehicle   vehicles available        vehicle      keyword      budget              type  all new used certified    make  any make    model  any model       reset search   search reset         search              minimum price    maximum price   minimum value cannot be greater than maximum.       search   reset         





               important information          important information          important information          important information          important information          important information          important information          important information          important information                                                                                            







apply for credit
get financing










schedule service
schedule now




      search new inventory     search used inventory            view our lineup    buick  |  gmc           envista      encore gx      encore gx st      envision      enclave      enclave avenir          canyon      sierra 1500      sierra hd      terrain      acadia      yukon      savana passenger      savana cargo      savana cutaway            








easy financing
fill out our online credit application.











reliable service
schedule your next appointment.











special offers
check out our latest special offers.




     



2025
gmc acadia
tailored for tomorrow — today
from the superior styling of the acadia's signature grille to its hands-free power liftgate, power moonroof and the winged led headlamps, every detail comes together to create tomorrow's mid-size suv for today's family — the 2025 gmc acadia is bigger and better than ever!


search new


search used



















      


certified
 plus



drive with confidence
the story of your used vehicle search starts right here. and while there are a lot of options out there, buying a certified plus vehicle from gmc means having confidence in your purchase. as you begin your next chapter with a certified plus vehicle, you’ll get great benefits that you don’t get with an ordinary used vehicle. that’s because we offer one of the most comprehensive used-vehicle benefits packages in the industry.
 learn more about certified plus vehicles

       

gmc service
certified service experts can help
we made your gmc the superior vehicle it is today and we want to ensure it remains that way. green brook buick gmc technicians are highly trained and certified to perform whatever work you may need on your vehicle. schedule your next appointment with us today.
schedule service

     


green brook buick gmc
serving green brook, nj

whatever you need for success on the road ahead, our team here at green brook buick gmc is ready to assist you! our family-owned dealership has years of experience serving our neighbors here in green brook and drivers throughout the central jersey area, and we'll put that experience to work as we help you with anything you require.
more about us  



     






address
101 us highway 22 eastbound, green brook, nj 08812
sales hours     monday 9:00am - 7:00pm    tuesday 9:00am - 7:00pm    wednesday 9:00am - 7:00pm    thursday 9:00am - 7:00pm    friday 9:00am - 6:00pm    saturday 9:00am - 6:00pm     sunday closed    


     

green brook buick gmc: quality you can trust since 1999 
getting the chance to grow alongside this community for more than two decades is an honor we're proud of, and we've built many lasting relationships with our customers in that time. plenty has changed over those years, but our commitment to values like respect and honesty is still clear to see in the quality service we provide to every customer.




award-winning service for everybody
the high standard we maintain at our dealership has earned us multiple dealer of the year and mark of excellence awards. we're proud to provide that award-winning service to everyone in our community, with spanish-speaking team members standing by to assist you.




highlights from our inventory




sierra
there's a truck for everybody in the sierra lineup, from the versatile sierra 1500 to heavy-duty options for anyone who needs some extra engine strength. along with providing class-leading engine power, these trucks offer cutting-edge technology like the available super cruise system to take your experience to the next level.


terrain
the terrain is a small suv that packs big-time capability. the turbocharged 1.5-liter engine and traction select system will give you the capability you need to tackle any situation.




acadia
perfect for your next road trip or family vacation, the acadia has plenty of room for all the passengers and cargo you need to bring with you. the expanded cargo area of newer models gives you up to 97.5 cubic feet of storage space to work with, ensuring you never have to leave anything behind.


encore gx
once you see the sophisticated design that the encore gx puts on display, you'll instantly understand that this vehicle has something special to offer. you'll look stylish arriving at your next destination and you'll get there efficiently too, with the encore gx getting up to 31 miles per gallon.




yukon
everything you could want in your next suv is waiting for you in the yukon. those who desire first-class luxury need to check out the yukon denali ultimate, which offers high-end features like 16-way power front seats with a massage feature to let you ride in comfort.




service and financing




trained auto technicians
you can count on us to handle your maintenance and repairs right with the high level of training our service technicians bring to the table. everyone on our team is fully knowledgeable and ase-certified, giving them the expertise needed to address any of your vehicle's needs.


financing your future 
regardless of if you've got a great credit score or you're trying to reestablish your credit after a few financial issues in the past, we'll work hard to give you a fair deal. the low rates we offer will help you save money over time so you can get a quality vehicle while keeping your budget in control.

                      copyright © 2025 by dealeron | sitemap | privacy | green brook buick gmc | 101 us highway 22 eastbound, green brook, nj 08812 | sales: 732-733-2627              




















                   