




















veterinarian in vancouver, bc | west boulevard veterinary clinic































































 (604) 266-7421


 5383 west boulevard, vancouver, bc v6m-3w4  














menu

home
about

meet our team
facility
testimonials
pet memorials

submit your pet memorial


job opportunities
new clients center

payment options




appointments
services

services outline
dental care
parasite control

internal parasites
external parasites


vaccinations

feline vaccines
canine vaccines




pets

dogs
cats

the thin elderly cat
hcm
rabbits


small pets


contact
 












the finest in veterinary care  one of vancouver's longest running, privately owned veterinary clinics.






call us: (604) 266-7421
get directions
request an appointment

















 dogs 





 cats 





 small pets 









welcome to
west boulevard veterinary clinic
west boulevard veterinary clinic is pleased to serve  vancouver, bc vm-w and the surrounding areas. our goal is to provide you and your pets with the best veterinary experience possible.
at west boulevard veterinary clinic, everyone is considered a leader and an integral member of the health care delivery team. every day at west boulevard veterinary clinic, it is our friendly team’s responsibility to help make your veterinary experience a positive one to ensure that both you and your pet are at ease. in addition to mandatory veterinary knowledge and training, our team is selected for kindness, compassion, patience, professionalism, integrity, and agility.
we are here for you, we are here for your pet, and we are your neighborhood’s favorite vet. please don’t hesitate to contact us today at (604) 266-7421 to request your pet’s appointment!








your veterinarian in vancouver, bc



 wellness care 
read more





 medicine 
read more





 surgery 
read more





 dentistry 
read more





 acupuncture & laser therapy 
read more








our services
here at west boulevard veterinary clinic, we are pleased to have a large amount of veterinary services available for our patients. we are proud to be able to serve  vancouver, bc vm-w and our surrounding communities to give your pet the best care that they deserve!
our staff at west boulevard veterinary clinic is filled with passionate animal lovers who are here to help you and your pet! they are highly trained and dedicated to making sure that your pets receive the care and compassion every time they walk in the door! 










 testimonials 



 












		                        			the staff are all amazing and i am so grateful that they have been helping me care for my elderly westie. ten stars,...  read more  

tien t.













		                        			i've been going to this veterinary clinic for over 30 years. it's a wonderful clinic with the most caring and loving staff that you'll ever meet! dr....  read more  

mel c.













		                        			you know your vets are great when your dogs actually get excited to see the door and want to rush in.  we are so lucky to have found this clinic as...  read more  

jeannette k.







tien t.the staff are all amazing and i am so grateful that they have been helping me care for my elderly westie. ten stars, honestly. 

mel c.i've been going to this veterinary clinic for over 30 years. it's a wonderful clinic with the most caring and loving staff that you'll ever meet! dr. rurak is awesome! she is extremely knowledgeable and she has had almost a lifetime of experience as a vet because when i used to know her as a child, she would always hang out at the clinic and watch her mom practice. dr. rurak eventually took over her mom's practice and there is no better person than her to help your animals. 

jeannette k.you know your vets are great when your dogs actually get excited to see the door and want to rush in.  we are so lucky to have found this clinic as everyone takes special care with our cairns.  the care our little special needs guy gets is particularly appreciated.. he needs that extra love.  can't recommend them highly enough. 



 our location 
 








west boulevard veterinary clinic

   5383 west boulevard  vancouver, bc v6m-3w4  


  (604) 266-7421 


                                follow us:
                                                                                                        













 get in touch 



name*phone*email*

message*captchaphonethis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
 

















sitemap | 
                        accessibility | 
                        website by doctor multimedia 








				cfia			

given the newly introduced travel requirements to the u.s. starting august 1st, 2024, we understand there is a lot of confusion. we don’t have the answers but will continue to refer to the cfia & cdc in an attempt to keep on top of updates. please feel free to look at the cfia link here for more information.
a great first step would be to ensure your pet is microchipped & has up to date vaccines.
please note that we are currently offering travel related appointments only to existing clients.


			×			


  call us   text us  




our current covid hours are 8am-5pm monday to friday and 9am - 5pm saturday.

learn more



this is default text for notification bar

learn more























































skip to content



open toolbar

accessibility tools
 




accessibility tools



increase textincrease text 



decrease textdecrease text 



grayscalegrayscale 



high contrasthigh contrast 



negative contrastnegative contrast 



light backgroundlight background 



links underlinelinks underline 



readable fontreadable font 



reset
reset










