 duplium  
 skip to main contentskip to footerbusiness hours: monday - friday 8:30 a.m. - 5:00 p.m. est905-709-9930, ext 3234about usservicesmerchandise solutionsprint & packagingkitting & assemblyfulfillmentprint templatescareerscontact 



about usservicesmerchandise solutionsprint & packagingkitting & assemblyfulfillmentprint templatescareerscontactrequest a quotepartnering together to make things happen.with a commitment to delivering unparalleled quality and personalized solutions, duplium has become a trusted partner for businesses seeking to enhance their brand visibility and product presentation.1-5 day turn aroundour streamlined processes ensure swift and precise delivery of your projects.integrate your shopintegrate with major e-commerce platforms and start selling in minutes.unbeatable guaranteewe stand behind the quality of our services, ensuring your complete peace of mind. products we provide.apparelduplium proudly offers a plethora of popular brands, styles, sizes and the full colour spectrum. using only the highest quality of direct-to-garment (dtg) printing available as well as direct-to-film solutions (dtf).  the garment decorating division has been our major strength for over a decade and enjoying continuous growth, a direct result of our testament to quality and speed to market.drinkwareexplore our expanded line-up of drinkware with all of the most popular mugs, each one custom decorated with your designs.  promote and inspire your brands and designs with drinkware products offering beauty and practicality. businesses are embracing the ability to provide creative, direct messaging in a creative and tasteful product.accessoriesfrom fashion to accessories duplium offers a wide range of items that are both utilitarian and trendy.  tote bags, bathmats, neck ties, headwear, ornaments etc…are just a partial group of ways to engage customers and have your brand stand out in the marketplace.stationarygreeting cards, journals, notebooks, buttons, magnets, posters can all contribute to your brand or promotional product business. our paper products are especially popular to mark or celebrate milestones and life cycle events.embroideryduplium provides professional embroidery services aimed at servicing multiple industries such as sports teams, personal items, corporate branding, golf, and more.  using only quality equipment and threads, our team is focused on complete customer satisfaction and allowing your products and brands to stand out and be worn with pride.customizable merch solutionsduplium's print-on-demand (pod) service revolutionizes the way you bring your designs to the market. with our cutting-edge technology and seamless production capabilities, we empower creators and entrepreneurs to print custom designs in small quantities, eliminating the need for large upfront investments.learn moreprint & packaging solutionsduplium excels in handling bulk orders with precision and efficiency. whether you're a retailer, corporate client, or event organizer, our capabilities extend seamlessly to meet the demands of large-scale production. learn moreour partners.duplium's partners stands at the forefront of transformative partnerships, shaping the future of industries through synergy, innovation, and a shared dedication to success.our brands.duplium's brands stand at the forefront of transformative partnerships, shaping the future of industries through synergy, innovation, and a shared dedication to success.ready to elevate your brand with custom decorating and on-demand printing services?request a quoteinfo@duplium.com127 jardin drive, vaughan, on l4k 1x5905.709.9930800.819.0701about usprint on demandprint & packagingfulfillmentcareerscontactaccessibility policy and multi-year accessibility planterms & conditionsprivacy policy© 2024 duplium corporation. all rights reserved905-709-9930, ext 3234business hours: monday - friday 8:30 a.m. - 5:00 p.m. estrequest a quote.service required *
select an option...merchandiseprinting & packagingkitting & assemblyfulfillment contact information




address



how did you hear about us?
additional project detailssubmit
   



