




tangerine dream, the legendary german electronic music / synthesizer rock band.. ...












































 






newsletter
contact & imprint
search


close



search



 






menu

news
concerts
music




complete discography
selected albums


live / concert albums
film scores
downloads

videos / dvds





biography



overview

extended bio

members
edgar froese






photos



overview
portraits
live
backstage




community


shop

newsletter
contact & booking








home
tangerine dream official website

founded in 1967 by edgar froese in west-berlin, tangerine dream was formative in the genre of electronic music. after edgar froese’s death in 2015, the band consists of thorsten quaeschning, hoshiko yamane and paul frick.


new sessions box set releasedthe sessions box set: united kingdom & ireland 2022 (8 cd set)after a long dry spell of deprivation of live concerts, tangerine dream could finally go on tour again in march 2022 in ireland and the uk. the musically highly demanding live sessions have now been preserved for our td friends in an exclusive box set.new sessions box set

tangerine dream - itinerary: the concert memorabilia 1970-2014 this coffee-table book by brad duke is a painstakingly detailed and incredibly massive exhibit of tangerine dream's paper past.'itinerary' has a scope of about 452 pages, and contains over 1,100 images of td's posters, tickets, passes, contracts, stage plots, telexes, etc. - all of which has been described by one of the world's leading collectors of music memorabilia to be 'the most astonishing collection of memorabilia by one band' he's ever seen!online-shop






newsall news

january 31, 2025tangerine dream in spain in 2025!spain — the wait is over! tangerine dream is bringing their iconic live experience to spain in 2025.

december 6, 2024more phaedra concerts in birmingham and manchestertangerine dream continue to celebrate their groundbreaking phaedra album with two more incredible shows in may 2025! 

october 25, 20242025 germany tour announced!after a successful germany tour in 2023, we are delighted to announce a new germany tour for 2025. 




concertsall concerts

saturday29mar 2025continuum tour 2025granada (es), palacio de congresosdetails & tickets

monday31mar 2025continuum tour 2025valencia (es), la rambletadetails & tickets

tuesday1apr 2025continuum tour 2025madrid (es), teatro circo pricedetails & tickets





releasesmore releases

phaedra anniversary box setphaedra is one of tangerine dream’s most successful and acclaimed albums and this limited edition 5cd/blu-ray box set ...

live at the kelvin hall glasgow, november 20th 197this famous concert presents the line-up composed of edgar froese, christopher franke & peter baumann.

the sessions viiithe ep contains a real time composition from the td line-up thorsten quaeschning, hoshiko yamane, paul frick. as a ...

botanique orangerie session 2022this session is a real time composition the band performed at botanique orangerie in brussels/belgium. (35 min)


silent green session 2022this session is a real time composition the band performed at the krake festival in berlin. (28 min)

the sessions box setthe sessions box set: united kingdom & ireland 2022




 
page 1/3
 ›  »




share via facebook
share via twitter
share via whatsapp





 
 
 



is it true that edgar and his former wife were part of the david bowie berlin period back in '76/77?answered by administratoredgar met david for first time backstage in berlin during his station to station concert tour. when david and his party moved to berlin, edgar found him a bigger flat in his district, schoneberg. they even shared td’s rehearsal room which was in a huge theatre in berlin. brian eno came in from london a few times as well. iggy pop ended up living in the same neighbourhood for a year. when david left the city, he was overwhelmed by problems he had before joining the project. edgar never said too much about that period. he only once said that privacy might be the only real luxury public people end up with – it always has to be respected.


bianca froese-acquaye






follow us

tangerine dream @ facebook
tangerine dream @ youtube
tangerine dream @ instagram
tangerine dream @ spotify
tangerine dream @ bandcamp










newsletter to stay up to date

e-mail addresssubscribe



td downloads, cds, lps, dvds & more




the td soundart museum




edgar froese, founder of td








home
news
concerts
music
biography
photos
community

shop
press
newsletter
contact & imprint
privacy
cookie-settings

official tangerine dream website by interact!multimedia, salzburg - st. pölten / austria
top
















