





about mccann’s - mccann's






























































mccann's






about mccann’sprivacy policyseo services in ireland







about mccann’s




there are “oats.” then there are mccann’s® irish oats. if you love oats, you should be crazy about mccann’s®. if you’re already crazy about mccann’s®, we understand!
mccann’s® goodness starts in the fertile fields of ireland. there’s no place on earth that produces finer oats.
ireland’s rolling fields, ideal soil, pristine water and time-perfected growing, harvesting and milling methods make our oats just taste better. nothing artificial. just the whole, plump grain steel cut into delectable smaller pieces.
for real oatmeal lovers, for more than 150 years “oatmeal” means “mccann’s®.” and we promise to do our best to keep it that way!
born in ireland, beloved worldwide
mccann’s® irish oatmeal is named for founder, john mccann. in 1800, john built beamond mill in county meath to grind the raw oats harvested on ireland’s bountiful east coast. the mill was powered with water from the river nanny, which john loved for its purity, and for its famous trout. as the water wheel turned, john fine-tuned his oatmeal’s flavor and texture to perfection.
over time mccann’s® irish oatmeal became known for its uncommon quality, winning several international competitions. it won awards at the great exhibition of london in 1851 and great industrial exhibition of dublin in 1853. it was also lauded at the philadelphia exhibition of 1876, where it took first prize, and at the chicago exhibition of 1893.
in 1896 john’s son, john mccann, jr., merged with r. r. hill. beamond mill closed in 1898, and the company moved to the nearby port town of drogheda. in the early 20th century, exports greatly increased, particularly to the u.s. and canada, where it became a perennial favorite.
the company was acquired in 1964 by the odlums group, a century-old family company in sallins, county kildare which was, and continues to be, an integral part of irish baking and cooking.
the sallins mill was extensively upgraded in 1995, putting it on par with the finest mills in europe. it was awarded the hygiene mark from excellence ireland in 1999, and accredited to iso 9002 and iso 14001 standards, ensuring quality as well as environmental sustainability.
in 2018, the mccann’s® irish oatmeal brand was acquired by b&g foods, inc.







mccann's
pest control dublin
pest control for your home or business in dublin








