





vf corporation (vfc)


























 










 

linkedin
facebook
youtube

















home

company


overview





company history





global leadership team





board of directors





inclusion, diversity, equity & action





government affairs







brands


overview





vans





the north face





timberland





dickies





altra





eastpak





icebreaker





jansport





kipling





napapijri





smartwool







responsibility


people



○human rights


○worker rights


○worker wellbeing




planet



○climate


○energy


○materials


○water




product



○circularity


○chemistry


○traceability




governance



○stakeholder engagement


○reporting & data


○policies & standards


○ethics & compliance


○factory list




the vf foundation







news


latest news





featured stories





press releases





media assets







investors


overview





financial info





news / events / presentations





stock info





shareholder services





 governance







careers


benefits





equal opportunity employer





applicants with disabilities





inclusion, diversity, equity and action







contact

 



search
































vf corporation ceo, bracken darrell on cnbc's fortt knox

 

vf corporation ceo, bracken darrell, discusses why the q3’fy25 results were better than expected, specifically what went right for the north face and timberland and improvement on decline…
read more




previous slide
next slide













giving tuesday: meet the vf foundation’s 2024 grantees
in honor of giving tuesday, we are excited to highlight some of the 2024 grantees of the vf foundation, which granted nearly $3.5 million to 43 organizations around the world in partnership with vf’s people and…
read more




previous slide
next slide













naked delivery: one solution to reduced packaging

  
  
  

it’s the holiday season and many people are already purchasing gifts, increasingly online. at vf, we are committed to reducing our environmental impacts, including lessening our packaging footprint. to…
read more




previous slide
next slide











latest news


previous slide
next slide






feb 13, 2025
vf corporation to host investor day on march 6, 2025

read more vf corporation to host investor day on march 6, 2025





jan 29, 2025
vf corporation releases third quarter fiscal 2025 results

read more vf corporation releases third quarter fiscal 2025 results





jan 08, 2025
vf corporation announces third quarter fiscal 2025 earnings and conference call date

read more vf corporation announces third quarter fiscal 2025 earnings and conference call date





oct 30, 2024
vf corporation introduces medium-term financial targets in connection with fy25 investor day

read more vf corporation introduces medium-term financial targets in connection with fy25 investor day





oct 28, 2024
vf corporation reports second quarter fiscal 2025 results

read more vf corporation reports second quarter fiscal 2025 results





oct 09, 2024
vf corporation to host investor day on october 30, 2024

read more vf corporation to host investor day on october 30, 2024





oct 07, 2024
vf corporation announces second quarter fiscal 2025 earnings and conference call date

read more vf corporation announces second quarter fiscal 2025 earnings and conference call date





oct 02, 2024
essilorluxottica completes acquisition of supreme® from vf corporation

read more essilorluxottica completes acquisition of supreme® from vf corporation





aug 06, 2024
vf corporation reports first quarter fiscal 2025 results and reiterates fy25 free cash flow guidance

read more vf corporation reports first quarter fiscal 2025 results and reiterates fy25 free cash flow guidance




view all











our family of brands meet consumer needs across a broad spectrum of activities and lifestyles.
our brands










 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 















responsibility
we’re working to make a positive impact by changing our business and the industry itself. the choices we make will define our shared future because there’s no limit on the market for making the world a better place or for brands and products that make life better and more sustainable.  












investors


 


 
view investor relations











life at vf
that feeling when
we want our associates to do the best work of their life. and that starts with a workplace where everyone feels included and supported. an atmosphere where you’re surrounded by people you can trust to share wisdom, sweat the details and have your back when things get tough. and one that allows you to tap into the passion that blurs the line between a career and a calling.
view careers at vf
 










follow vf








 









email alerts
connect with us to receive the latest news about vf and our brands. 
sign up today











terms of use
privacy policy
your privacy choices
disclaimer
sitemap
modern slavery statement


linkedin
facebook
youtube









                    market data copyright © 2025 quotemedia. data delayed 15 minutes unless otherwise indicated (view delay times for all exchanges). rt=real-time, eod=end of day, pd=previous day. market data powered by quotemedia. terms of use.
                    












