














college of engineering & science |








































 


















×






louisiana tech university home page

























































  

home
about
academic calendar
academics

undergraduate
graduate
international
honors college
air force rotc
army rotc


admissions
shreveport-bossier
life on campus

events
first-year experience
residential life
intramural sports & recreation
student organizations
athletic news & events


current students

academic calendar
tech express
student advancement / affairs
registrar’s office
financial aid
workday
canvas
faculty enlight
webmail
google gsuite
microsoft 365
it helpdesk


library

digital commons


faculty & staff

center for instructional technology
forms
canvas instructions
tech 2020
university senate
workday login
webmail login
faculty enlight
canvas login
zoom login
mediasite login
google apps
microsoft 365
it helpdesk
incident reporting form


research and partnerships

research centers of excellence
intellectual property and commercialization
office of sponsored projects
research compliance


athletics
alumni
bookstore
employment opportunities
 





menu






return to louisiana tech university home page




















































apply give 




 













college of engineering & science







 



 
 
 
 



home
about

dean’s welcome
accreditation & enrollment
facts
faculty mentoring program
important forms
office of women in science and engineering
publications
integrated engineering and science building


coes faculty/staff directory
undergraduate studies

biomedical engineering
chemical engineering
chemistry
civil engineering
computer science
construction engineering technology
cyber engineering
electrical engineering
industrial engineering
instrumentation and control systems engineering technology
mathematics & statistics
mechanical engineering
physics
online certificates
living with cyber
engineering and science minors


graduate studies

concurrent enrollment
biomedical engineering (phd)
computational analysis and modeling (phd)
engineering (phd)
engineering and technology management (doctorate)
molecular science and nanotechnology (phd)
applied physics (ms)
computer science (ms)
engineering (ms)
engineering and technology management (ms)
mathematics (ms)
molecular science and nanotechnology (msnt)


graduate online degrees & certifications

engineering and technology management (doctorate)
engineering and technology management (ms)
m.s. in engineering, industrial engineering concentration online
online certificates


students

resources for incoming students
advising & academic support
first-year programs
speed interviewing workshop
student services
college graduate student council
student programs & organizations
cybercorps scholarship program
grand challenge scholars program


research

institutes & centers
research faculty profiles


outreach and seminars

industrial partners
stem outreach


alumni & development

esf board history
alumni spotlight: ragan edmiston


news
events
 
 
 



study with us
as a louisiana tech college of engineering and science student, you’ll get hands-on experience solving real-world problems. in your first year, you’ll learn the foundations of your field. throughout your studies, you’ll build prototypes, participate in hackfests, and develop solutions to the problems that businesses, governments, and nonprofits face. most importantly, you’ll have opportunities to bond with your classmates through small classes and student organizations that will provide you with professional development, hands-on projects, and leadership experience.
whether you join us as an undergraduate or graduate student, you’ll have access to top-notch research and learning facilities and courses taught by experts in your field.
you belong at louisiana tech.
 
 
 


apply

 

visit

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
undergraduate studies

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
graduate studies

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
research

 
 
 
 
 



i’m excited to share that the 2023-2024 academic year has been another success. while the year has had its share of challenges, our faculty, staff, and students have met every one with the indomitable bulldog spirit that has defined our university and college for decades.
faculty and staff continue to impact students through their steady guidance and commitment to the tenets of tech, and our students continue to grow – not just academically but as the leaders of tomorrow. the problems they are solving here have a real and lasting impact on the world around us. you’ll learn about some of these impacts here. i invite you to read more about the college on louisiana tech’s news site and to follow us on facebook, linkedin, and instagram.




i’m incredibly proud of our faculty and staff, who have continued to provide our students with opportunities to flex their leadership skills and participate in innovative, world-changing research. i hope you will continue to be a part of what makes this college special next year. please click the button below to read our report.
regards,





collin d. wick, ph.d.
dean and daniel d. reneau eminent scholar chair
college of engineering and science
louisiana tech university




 
read more

 



 
 




 



 



 
 


other news
 
 
 








caldorera-moore appointed as coes associate dean of undergraduate studiesthe louisiana tech university college of engineering and science (coes) announces the appointment of dr. mary caldorera-moore as the new associate dean of undergraduate studies. following an extensive search process that involved input from a committee of campus peers, faculty, staff and administrators, caldorera-moore, assistant professor of biomedical engineering, emerged as the ideal candidate to lead and enhance the undergraduate academic experience.
read more
 

 
 





business, engineering degrees among u.s. news best online programs rankingslouisiana tech university’s professional master of business administration (mba) and online master of engineering and technology management (etm) programs are among the 2025 best online programs rankings released today by u.s. news & world report.
the online mba is the highest ranked program in louisiana for the fourth consecutive year.
read more
 

 
 





matthews wins 2024 istt fellow awardlouisiana tech university professor dr. john matthews was recognized in november as the 2024 united states fellow of the international society for trenchless technology (istt) at the annual international conference and board meeting in dubai, united arab emirates.
read more
 

 
 





coes student named department of defense smart scholar, will present at agu24louisiana tech mechanical engineering and math junior trilby hill has been awarded a us department of defense science mathematics and research for transformation (smart) scholarship and will be presenting her research at the american geophysical union (agu) annual meeting in washington, d.c.
read more
 

 
 





physics faculty awarded $625k for design and research at the jefferson lab in virginiathe national science foundation has awarded a group of physics faculty at louisiana tech university’s college of engineering and science (coes) a grant to collaborate with other u.s. and international groups to design, build, and commission parity-violating electron scattering experiments at the thomas jefferson national accelerator facility (jefferson lab) in newport news, virginia.
read more
 

 
 





coes sets all-time enrollment record with over 3,100 studentslouisiana tech university’s college of engineering and science (coes) has set a new enrollment record, welcoming over 3,100 students for the fall 2024 quarter. this achievement reflects significant growth across various programs, including a 9.8% increase in mechanical engineering, a 19.3% growth in computer science, a 12.2% rise in electrical engineering, and an 11.5% increase in civil engineering.
read more
 

 
 





engineering awarded $1.4m in federal funding to modernize the power gridthe u.s. department of energy (doe) has selected louisiana tech university along with its partner, sandia national laboratory (snl), to receive $1.432 million in funding to help modernize america’s aging power grid.
read more
 

 
 





cyber engineering awarded $4m renewal from national science foundationin response to the critical shortage of highly trained professionals in cybersecurity, the national science foundation (nsf) has awarded louisiana tech university a $4.06 million renewal grant through their cybercorps®: scholarship for service (sfs) program.
read more
 

 
 





coes names gillum director of developmentthe coes welcomes rosilynn gillum as our new director of development. rosilyn has been with louisiana tech since 2021 and served as director of development for the university’s colleges of liberal arts and education and human sciences.
read more
 

 
 





contractor licensing board donates $275,000 to louisiana techthe louisiana state licensing board for contractors (lslbc) generously contributed $275,000 to the construction engineering technology program at louisiana tech university. funding will be used to improve classroom and lab spaces with construction slated to begin next summer.
read more
 

 
 





engineering students collaborate on b-52 towbar prototype for air force global strike commandlouisiana tech university engineering students recently played a role in developing a prototype for a new b-52 stratofortress towbar. the design promises to enhance global b-52 operations by making the towbar easier to transport and quicker to assemble, supporting the agile combat employment concept.
read more
 

 
 





xiao wins prestigious nsf grant to convert shale gas into clean energyin a significant boost for sustainable energy research, dr. yang xiao, assistant professor of chemical engineering at louisiana tech university, has been awarded a two-year, nearly $200,000 u.s. national science foundation (nsf) grant.
read more
 

 
 





tech students triumph at no-dig 2024louisiana tech doctoral student ashton ward received the 2024 louisiana engineering foundation (lef) vincent a. forte graduate school fellowship award for her dedication to engineering education.
read more
 

 
 





xiao awarded funding for energy sustainability research through tire grantlouisiana tech university faculty member, dr. yang xiao, an assistant professor of chemical engineering at the institute of micromanufacturing, was awarded $30,000 for his energy sustainability efforts.
read more
 

 
 
 
 

more coes news

 
 
  


 
 
 



apply now
visit
academic programs
jobs
contact
report an incident
campus safety statistics
 



facebook




instagram




youtube




twitter


 
copyright © 2025 · louisiana tech university · 318.257.2000 · ruston, la 71272
department of testing & disability services · accessibility · privacy statement · eeo statement
title ix/power-based violence
webpage problems? contact web@latech.edu
member of the university of louisiana system 

 
 
 










