


christian deer hunters association









































homeaboutoutreachesmembership infomembership formdevotionalsmerchleadershipupcoming eventsexpo infonewsspeakerscontactsupport us
homeaboutoutreachesmembership infomembership formdevotionalsmerchleadershipupcoming eventsexpo infonewsspeakerscontactsupport us






 site menu










upcoming events

check back for updates.

see full calendar >








donate online
 $ one-timeweeklymonthlyyearly 










welcome
welcome to the official site of the christian deer hunters association®
since 1994 members and friends of the christian deer hunters association® have placed hundreds of thousands of their pocket-sized devotional devotions for deer hunters into the hands of hunters.
in addition, every year thousands of unique postcards, tracts, newsletters, and other materials are also distributed to the deer hunting community. from the time of its inception this entirely volunteer ministry has made millions of pieces bible-based materials available to the women, men, boys, and girls who love to hunt.
members are encouraged to participate in the association’s ministry through various outreach events, helping with chapel services at outdoor-related sport shows, praying for the work, personal witnessing with the materials, writing devotional entries, or volunteering at the annual big little hunting & fishing expo. supporting members receive updates as well as new materials each year. members are given the opportunity to purchase larger quantities of the association’s materials at a reduced price. consider becoming a part of and supporting this volunteer organization!


latest video















how to order materials




get expo information




latest news & info























sign up for the latest news and updates
first name  (required)last name  (required)phone number  e-mail address  (required)submit








© 2023 - 2025 christian deer hunters association - all rights reserved. church websites | ministry websites  by netministry.


   







