
internet history, world wide web history, silicon valley,  computer companies, computer magazines,  netvalley






















      



             



                  



                  



                  



                  



                  



         






       
	web as a side effect of particle physics 
	experiments


	about
     
		   



 
 
 
 

 

  this site was set up   on
	 august 22, 1995 










































 
	
	
  citation index
    


 








www founder-fathers: tim berners-lee (left), 



                  robert cailliau, and ted nelson after the advisory committee 



                  meeting of the www consortium, in tokyo. 







bill clinton, 42nd president of the united states: 
                      "when
                      i took office [january 20, 1993], only high energy
                      physicists had ever heard of what is called the worldwide
                      web.... now even my cat has its own page." --  announcement
                      of next generation internet initiative, 1996
					
                      

					
				
                       
					
                        








we have spent a tremendous amount of time 



                  over the last four or five years really crafting our external 



                  e-business initiatives, - 



                  ibm 



                  e-commerce director scott 



                  gannon



the key words that came to my mind while writing (and 



                  doing) this (www) history were: synergy,serendipity 



                  andcoincidence. ben segal, 



                  cern 











andy grove (right photo) summed up the online 



                        pioneers' attitude when asked about the return on 



                        investment (roi) from his firm's internet ventures: 



                        "this is columbus in the new world..."

						



... what was 



                        his roi?"  by christopher 



                        anderson





     

    


... if you think you're living in a 



                        revolutionary period now, wait till you start getting 



                        unsolicited e-mail from the bolsheviks or mao, or find 



                        yourself on catherine the great's home 



                        page...    
						world wide web will sound like an awfully 



                        modest enterprise.  you 



                  laugh?

   go ahead. they laughed at galileo. 



                  not to mention 



                  the internet. philadelphia inquirer. 












don 



                        hoefler journalist is credited with coining the 



                        phrase: "silicon valley" in 1971, in a series of articles that hoefler 



                        wrote for electronic news, a weekly tabloid, he first 



                        used the phrase "siliconvalley" to describe the 



                        congeries of electronics firms mushroomingin santa clara 



                        county...





 



							  

							

							  

							  what does it mean: silicon 



                              valley entrepreneurial phenomenon? 





							 see a viewpoint 



                              of the founder of worldwide #1 fiber optics high 



                              speed networking company:

							  

							  

							  



							 

							  a 



                              tale of lambs, preschoolers and networking, 



                              by frank levinson, finisar 



                          ceo
















     


 the first building of 
						silicon 



                        valley:   varian associates building 



                        (photo left),    stanford industrial park, 



                        palo alto, california, 1953.
silicon valley is explosively expanding its 
						geographical borders.  it was only a small part of 
						palo-alto 's stanford university park 50 years ago. it 
						has become one of the fastest growing regions of 
						california now.  


and there will not be any 
						geographical borders for silicon valley's future, 
						because it's transforming itself to internet 



                        valley, which is destroying any geographical limits 
						for the new kind of human being.
how silicon valley came to be ... 



a legal bridge spanning 100 years: from the gold mines of el dorado to the 
'golden' startups of silicon valley  

 




 

with this catalyst of scientific and 
								technological process acting locally in just one 
								american state, a very special law was enacted 
								in 19th century california ...

 




nda experiment 
									set up by mark hurd 

... even in those rare cases when the company employee signs an nda in 
	exchange for a persuasive large monetary reward - even in this case - an 
	employer cannot, under the conditions of the state of california, create 
	legal barriers to an employee leaving to work for his employer's 
	competition.


  



    
 



copyright @ 1995 - 2014, netvalley.com








this is one of the great 
            classic websites. it's a history of the internet and what led up 
            to it, told in hypertext, both eloquently and chaotically, as 
            strange in its own way as the mel brooks movie, history of the 
            world, part one. but it's one [redacted} of a lot more accurate than 
            the brooks movie. all internet users, even those of you who just 
            signed up for web-tv or aol last week and are still fumbling around, 
            should check out this site.
when you jump into this online story, 
            make sure you have a couple of hours free. it takes that long to 
            read. imagine a collaborative writing  project that tells you 
            more than you ever wanted to know (and more than probably thought 
            there was to tell) about the internet, starting with the laying of 
            the first telegraph cable across the atlantic in 1858 (which was not 
            a success, btw).
you'll learn why the www consortium 
            [w3c] is based at a physics lab in switzerland called cern, instead 
            of at a computer research center where you'd logically expect it to 
            be, and why cern doesn't even stand for the lab's real name -- in 
            either english or french, along with lots of other neat factoids 
            that'll come in handy if you ever find yourself playing trivial 
            pursuit: the internet edition.
by  robin 
            millerbest high-tech sights on the net
___
the roads and crossroads of internet history by 
            gregory gromov  ...  possibly not the  first place in the 
            pool where a non-swimmer should take the plunge, this colorful and 
            quirky site can be a great resource where an informed ‘net surfer 
            can come and let hypertext do the walking and the inventors of the 
            ‘net themselves do the talking.
"nettalk : a brief history of the 
            'net" by kelly ward
the bulletin. special libraries 
            association, san francisco bay region. the 
            school of information management and systems  (sims) -- a 
            graduate program at the  university of california, 
            berkeley.
 
 

 finally, an entertaining and eye-catching 
            approach to internet history is gregory r. gromov's history of 
            internet and www: the roads and crossroads of internet history. this 
            site is worth visiting, as much for its unorthodox approach using 
            dazzling visuals and hypertext style as its content. by
            deborah husted koshinsky and rick 
            mcrae, university libraries 
state university of new york at 
            buffalo
___

gregory r. gromov's 
              version is a fun to read and thoughtful look 
              into the history of the internet and the www.
usm - professional 
              development center
the maine 
              science and technology foundation. usa
___

this is an entertaining (if
            potentially  confusing) account of net history, part of a large
            on-line hyperbook ...  this site will provide some 
            fascinating insights  and connections between events and
            people.
open learning agency : 
              learning resources to support the  k-12 education system in british 
              columbia, canada
___
            
... this is a hypertext ... it 
			is written as a kind of mosaic rather than as a straight narrative, 
			including email questions and answers, fragments of interviews, and 
			the like. it focuses primarily on the web and hypertext over the 
			internet. 
by  m. c. morgan  college of 
			arts and letters, 
 bemidji state university, mn, 
			usa

 




the roads 
            and crossroads of internet history - gregory gromov's comprehensive and 
            fascinating overview of the philosophy and history of the 
            internet.
cource  sts 3700b 6.0: “history of computing and information
            technolog” by 
            luigi m bianchi. school of analitical studies & information 
            technology. science and 
            technology studies
 york university, canada
____the roads and 
            crossroads of internet history by gregory gromov ... can be a great 
            resource where an informed ‘net surfer can come and let hypertext do 
            the walking and the inventors of the ‘net themselves do the talking.
by kelly ward, public 
            health library, 
university of california, berkeley
___
            

for anyone who has ever 
            wondered how and why the internet was created comes this extensive 
            essay,  "the roads and crossroads of internet's 
            history." with this document, users can follow the development 
            of the net from its early stages as a military communication system 
            to the multimedia extravaganza we know today.
cource education 2751: "power and 
            communication technology" by bridget a. ricketts
prince of wales collegiate, newfoundland canada
___
the roads and 
			crossroads of internet 's history by gregory r. gromov... is an 
			excellent history of the internet and a good example of a "web 
			document." ... you also should experience what "hypertext" is and 
			why this experience is more like exploring than reading...
 
			 introduction for edu 606  'school of education' by robert melczarek 


			troy state university, dothan. usa
  
 
 
 

 







history of the internet. we 
            all need it. we all want it. but how did it happen 
            in the first place? gregory gromov provides a ...  comprehensive ... 
            history of the worldwide web before it was the net we all know and
            love. by matthew holt. 
 networkworld.
            june, 1997
_____


for a history of the 
            internet readers should consult gregory gromov's the roads and 
            crossroads of the internet's history. humanities computing unit of oxford 
            university,
 
oxford 
            university,  uk



history of the internet and 
			world wide web: 
1.
			
			internet before world wide web
internet before world wide web - the first 130 years: 
			atlantic cable, sputnick, arpanet,"information superhighway", ...
			
2.
			
			world wide web as a side effect of particle physics experiments.
world wide web was born in cern: the most impressive 
			results of large scale scientific efforts appeared far away from the 
			main directions of those efforts 
3.
			
			next crossroad of world wide web history
world wide web as a nextstep of pc revolution ... 
			from steven p. jobs to tim berners-lee 
4.
			
			birth of the world wide web, browser wars, ...
birth of the web, tim berners-lee, r. cailliau, marc 
			andreessen, browser wars, ... 
5.
			
			early history of hypertext
hypertext foundation of the world wide web: vannevar 
			bush's hyperlink concept, ted nelson coins the word hypertext, ...
			
6.
			
			"living history" of hypertext. 
hypertext saga of theodor holm nelson: the fate of 
			thinking person in silicon valley ... 
7.
			
			"xanadu" plan
the nelson's xanadu plan to build a better world wide 
			web
8.
			
			growth of the internet: statistics 
statistics of the internet & worl wide web: hosts, 
			domains, websites, traffic, ... 
9.
			
			conclusion
what is the nature of world wide web? 
10
			
			prehistory of the internet 

the ancient roads of telecommunications & computers
			
11
			
			they said it ... 
people wrote about this book 


the roads and crossroads of the internet's 
            history. by gregory r. gromov. a critically acclaimed site for a 
            comprehensive history of the internet.
the university of 
            texas, system digital library.
____
gregory  gromov 
            provides an impressionistic overview in "the roads and crossroads of 
            internet's history," ... with a particular concentration on the 
            development of  hypertext and the web.
current  literature of the online 
            community   by eron main, faculty of information studies, 
university of toronto, canada 
___

gregory r. gromov’s the roads and 
            crossroads of internet history is probably the history that most 
            students will enjoy as it is sprinkled liberally with files that 
            illustrate his points.
commencing with internet pre-history work your way through 9 
            sections to read about the web, browser wars, and xanadu to name a 
            few topics. it is a long essay but extremely interesting.
 the australian national university.
            faculty of 
            art,  canberra







