






entergy texas | we power life.  

















 search



payments and billingbilling optionspayment optionstools to manage my billi need help paying my billresidential customersbusiness customerssafetyresidentialbusinesscommunitiesthe power to carecorporate and foundation givingbusiness developmentgoentergyavailable sites and buildingsmyentergy 



contact usfaqnewsroomabout uscareers|entergy.com 







entergy texas, inc.|
contact usfaqnewsroomabout uscareers|entergy.com myentergy|outages













payments and billingbilling optionspayment optionstools to manage my billi need help paying my billresidential customersbusiness customerssafetyresidentialbusinesscommunitiesthe power to carecorporate and foundation givingbusiness developmentgoentergyavailable sites and buildings 
















entergy texas' green future option
benefit from renewable resources without the upfront costs
this is a voluntary program that allows customers to subscribe and benefit from entergy texas’ first solar facility in texas without having to make a long-term commitment.  learn more







start, stop or transfer service
it's fast and easy to update your service online
whether you're new to entergy, moving across town or moving across the country, you can take care of it all, all in one place. get started







freedom to go paperfree
drop the paper bill. enjoy the perks.
thanks to our insightful e-bill and mobile app, you can rest easy going paperless and help save time, clutter and the environment. go paperfree







never miss a payment
get a heads-up with billing alerts
stay on top of your energy bill with easy notifications. sign up for text or email alerts ahead of when your bill is due — you choose how many days out. get billing alerts




•
•
•
•








					quick links				







myentergy
view and pay my bill 






view outages
view power status in your area 






moving?
start, stop or move service 






storm center
be prepared for bad weather 








					featured content
				









tree trimming
call 1-800-entergy (1-800-368-3749) to report trees or branches that are too close to power lines.
learn more









pay online
no checks. no postage. no fees. simply log into myentergy.
learn more









entergy solutions
programs to help you lower your monthly bill.
learn more









energy tips
the more you know about how you use energy, the more ways you can save.
learn more









latest news and insights









news > customers
entergy texas customers to receive fuel refund on upcoming bills
02/13/2025
lower fuel costs in 2024 mean bill credits for most residential customers starting in february.
read more






common energy-wasting habits
if these common energy-wasting habits seem familiar, you should make energy efficiency part of your daily routine.
learn more 

 
 




more news and insights































contact usfaqcareersabout usadditional linksbuilding a bright future for texasentergy powers texasbolivar peninsula reliability projectselect transmission projectsdoe smart grid grant awardedespañolentergy.com 









© 2025 entergy corporation. all rights reserved.



accessibility
privacy policy
terms of use










			search siteclose











