





newhorse.com












































 login


 add listing
                    

horse boarding farm
barn construction contractor
riding instructor
horse fence builder
farrier
horse farm for sale
horse for sale or lease
horse breeding/sales facility
tack shop
horse farm real estate agent
horse vet
horse transportation company
dressage trainer
hunter jumper trainer
western trainer
horse camp




 share
                






 
find...
horse boarding
barn builders
riding instructors
horse fence builders
farriers
horse farms for sale
horses for sale/lease
horse sales barns
tack shops
equestrian real estate agents
horse vets
horse transports
dressage trainers
hunter jumper trainers
western trainers
horse camps


search by city
search






 click/tap here to find the best
    equestrian professional
for your needs!




newhorse.com







add listing


horse boarding farm
barn construction contractor
riding instructor
horse fence builder
farrier
horse farm for sale
horse for sale or lease
horse breeding/sales facility
tack shop
horse farm real estate agent
horse vet
horse transportation company
dressage trainer
hunter jumper trainer
western trainer
horse camp



narrow by section



horse boarding
barn builders
riding instructors
horse fence builders
farriers
horse farms for sale
horses for sale/lease
horse sales barns
tack shops
equestrian real estate agents
horse vets
horse transports
dressage trainers
hunter jumper trainers
western trainers
horse camps

 
horse boarding




bar xix ranch
                kellyville, ok






        providing quality horse training, equine therapy, riding lessons and sales. our program is customized to each horse and rider as an individual.  we work with many different disciplines.
        
 highlights: pastures, aqha, horse training, equitation, all breeds and disciplines are welcome, private riding lessons, all disciplines and riding levels welcome, natural horsemanship, western, beginner lessons on own or school horses., full service boarding facility, daily pasture turn-out, horseback riding lessons, youth, stables, outdoor arena, pasture board, equine therapy, english, open 7 days a week


 


twin foals farm
                fall branch, tn






        very small private farm with arena and riding trail.
        
 highlights: horse transport available, full service boarding facility, open 7 days a week, riding trails available, horse injury rehabilitation, pastures, overnight stabling, arena, outdoor arena, stall boarding, layovers, stopovers, round pen, all breeds and disciplines are welcome, all disciplines and riding levels welcome, private riding lessons, retirement with full care, trail riding, boarding, weekly stays, youth


 


2r ranch & equestrian center - forney location
                forney, tx






        full care stalls available!
amenities: gated entry, dirt arena, 2 round pens, separate mare & gelding turn out, and personalized care options.
        
 highlights: outdoor arena, daily pasture turn-out, all disciplines and riding levels welcome, all breeds and disciplines are welcome, weekly stays, aqha, layovers, stopovers, broodmare and foal care, arena, boarding, stables, geriatric horse care, western, full service boarding facility, overnight stabling, pastures, open 7 days a week, round pen, pasture board, stall boarding


 


full board
                tiverton, ri






        full board stalls available in tiverton ri! indoor, 2 outdoors, quality care and hay 24/7.
        
 highlights: all breeds and disciplines are welcome, all disciplines and riding levels welcome, boarding, riding trails available, english, equitation, daily individual turnouts, broodmare and foal care, arena, retirement with full care, horseback riding lessons, pastures, jumping, full service boarding facility, stables, stall boarding, open 7 days a week, outdoor arena, daily pasture turn-out, hunter jumper


 
barn construction




woodys barns llc.
                ocala, fl






        woodys barns offers stables and horse barns, garages, workshops, hay storage barns, machine shops, equipment barns, storage sheds and more!  we have been building beautiful, quality barns for over 15 years here in the state of florida.  we are licensed and insured, take care of all permits, delivery of materials, installation of your new barn, call for inspections, clean up your property, and give you a 5 year structural warranty on labor and materials. email us at  for free plans and pictures!  or call toll free 1-! license # crc1330830 

new: auto mist fly control systems, custom end aisle sliding doors, custom cupolas, new exterior siding options, 

we also remodel old barns!  we can make your old barn look and feel like new!

visit our website for more inspiration www.woodysbarns.com... see more

 highlights: free written estimates, equipment sheds, horse barn remodeling, agricultural buildings, barn & home additions, pole barn construction, cattle barn construction, machine storage buildings, custom  post & beam barns, hobby shops, indoor riding arena construction, horse barn design & build, horse barn doors (sliding, dutch, overhead), post frame construction, custom garages, metal & steel buildings, outbuildings, concrete, storage sheds, fully licensed and insured contractor


 


metal america
                austin, tx






        metal america is your trusted source for durable, top-quality metal buildings for homes, farms, and businesses. we simplify the process with expert guidance, helping you choose the right style and size and customize your building to meet your unique needs. partnering with the best metal building manufacturers in the us and canada, we ensure every structure is crafted with top-quality materials. we negotiate hard to secure the most affordable prices and provide a hassle-free ordering process to kickstart your project.

from garages, barns, carports, rv covers, barndominiums, boat covers, sheds, to commercial metal buildings, we're built for anything. explore our barndominium kits or choose from popular sizes like the 30x30 metal building and 30x40 metal building to find a perfect fit for your needs. looking for carports? we offer a variety of options, including the 10x20 carport and customizable carport kits, all conveniently available in our shop carports page. more than just a supplier, we're your partners in building your vision, dedicated to exceptional customer service and forming lasting relationships.

ready to build? contact us today to see how metal america can help you create a durable, functional, and affordable metal building to meet your needs for years to come.... see more

 highlights: carports, sheds, custom sheds, barndominiums, commercial metal buildings, custom garages, metal buildings, barns, garages, rv covers, carport kits, boat covers, custom horse barn & stall construction, metal & steel buildings, commercial building construction, portable barns & sheds


 


keen's buildings
                live oak, fl






        a leading steel building and metal barn builder in the southeast usa. keens offers a range of storage solutions to the agricultural and equestrian industries, including storage buildings, pole barns, red iron along with equipment and tractor covers and pull-throughs.... see more

 highlights: portable barns & sheds, hay storage barn construction, pole barn construction, straight gable, agricultural buildings, custom garages, free written estimates, equipment sheds, loafing sheds, commodity storage, equipment covers/ports, commercial building construction, custom sheds, indoor riding arena construction, gambrel barn construction, farm workshops, custom  post & beam barns, metal & steel buildings, storage sheds, post frame construction


 


tdh contracting
                la grange, ky






        building new barns and outbuildings, run in sheds, and also barn repairs
        
 highlights: hay storage barn construction, outbuildings, custom home construction, center aisle barns, horse barn doors (sliding, dutch, overhead), pole barn construction, turnout shed construction, run in sheds, straight gable, gambrel barn construction, fully licensed and insured contractor, horse barn remodeling, free written estimates, custom sheds, post frame construction, custom horse barn & stall construction, residential construction, equipment sheds, barn & home additions, custom stall fronts


 
horseback riding




blue meadows farm
                van meter, ia






        we offer saddle seat riding & driving lessons with american saddlebreds & hackney ponies. we are a full service horse training, sales, and riding lesson barn. our goal is to develop a passion for horses in each student. our lesson program is tailored to prepare riders to be successful in horse show environments as well as overall horsemanship & equitation skills. we provide introductory horse showing opportunities to young riders in our lesson program and high level showing to those that own their own horse. lessons are offered year round in our heated facility.... see more

 highlights: young riders, beginning riders welcome, intermediate riders, a circuit showing, children's riding lessons, family friendly atmosphere, horse leases, private lessons, gift certificates available, beginner riding lessons for adults, adult riding lessons, group lessons, heated facility, showing, weekend lessons, horse training, beginner to advanced riders, viewing area,  confidence building for horse and rider, horseback riding camps


 


frankie dean
                missoula, mt






        hello, my name is frankie dean and i am a travelling horse trainer located in the bitter root. i grew up learning and teaching cowboy mounted shooting in north georgia. i currently bomb-proof horses all over montana, work with mustangs, colt start, and much more. i look to provide a safe, balanced training technique to soften both you as a rider, and the horse. with liberty, classic horsmanship, and constant knowledge about the horse world, i guarantee you will see a difference with you and your horse within the first 30 days of my service. i do not provide horses for lessons nor an arena, i will travel to you or an arena of your choice for lessons.... see more

 highlights: coaching, problem horses, beginner to advanced riders, private lessons, intermediate riders, family-friendly rates, adult riding lessons, horse training, traveling instructor, family friendly atmosphere, timid riders, riding lessons, ground work, reasonable rates, travel trainer, cowboy mounted shooting, barrel racing, breaking, dressage training, polo


 


fox river farms
                white lake, mi






        led by ushja certified trainer karen flynn, we are a premier equestrian program located in southeast michigan. we offer exceptional, goal oriented riding lessons and top notch equine training. fox river farms offers a selection of top quality sale and lease horses in a variety of price ranges. from young horses to schoolmasters, come find your perfect equine partner! we primarily operate at the haverhill equestrian center in white lake. monthly clinics are also conducted in marquette, mi during the summer.... see more

 highlights: horse training, private lessons, beginner riding lessons for adults, adult riding lessons, children's riding lessons, horse boarding,  confidence building for horse and rider, beginner to advanced riders, weekend lessons, certified instructor, horse sales, riding lessons, beginning riders welcome, lesson horses available


 


mobile riding instructor in the greater atlanta area
                atlanta, ga






        riding instruction offered at your home, farm, or desired location in the greater atlanta area including alpharetta, douglasville, and the surrounding areas. english and western instruction are available at the beginner through advanced levels. all ages 5 + are welcome.... see more

 highlights: intermediate riders, horse training,  confidence building for horse and rider, group lessons, riding lessons, timid riders, beginner riding lessons for adults, coaching, barrel racing lessons, traveling instructor, english riding lesons, beginning riders welcome, starting horses, adult riding lessons, equitation all seats, weekend lessons, sales preparation & representation, trail riding lessons, ground work, children's riding lessons


 
horse fence installers




befort fencing and construction inc
                lebanon, ks






        specialize in frontage fence, pipe cable, entrance gates, barb wire.
        
 highlights: barb wire fences, most of our work is in kansas and flora mississippi but will tra, all custom fencing you need, deer fence construction, high tensil wire fencing for horses, 3-rail, fixed knot fences, red brand non-climb, custom gates, cattle fencing, wood picket fences, woven wire, licensed & insured, custom horse corrals, steel pipe rail fence, round pens, 2, 3 & 4 rail wood horse fence construction, custom fence entry gates, farm fence of all types, stay tuff high tensile wire


 


good neighbor fence
                highland springs, va






        good neighbor fence is a trusted fence company in richmond, va, serving many counties. we are experienced chain link, aluminum, and vinyl fence installers offering versatile solutions to enhance property security and curb appeal. our fencing services cover everything from professional fence installation and custom fencing to reliable fence repair. with options for privacy fencing in residential areas and secure fencing for commercial properties, our vinyl, aluminum, and wood fencing contractors bring personalized designs to each project. we also provide outdoor structures like decks and landscape fencing to complete your outdoor space. with us, your fence is made with style and built for strength.
looking for reliable chain link fence installers, aluminum fence installers, or vinyl and wood fence options? contact good neighbor fence today!... see more

 highlights: 2, 3 & 4 rail wood horse fence construction, 2, 3 & 4 rail vinyl horse fence construction, fence repair, aluminum fence installers, chain link fence installers


 


befort fencing and construction inc
                flora, ms






        specialize in frontage, pipe cable, gate entrance, and barb wire
        
 highlights: high tensil wire fencing for horses, stay tuff high tensile wire, fixed knot fences, cattle fencing, barb wire fences, round pens, shelters, farm fence of all types, entry gates, custom horse corrals, steel pipe rail fence, red brand non-climb, woven wire, run-ins, all custom fencing you need, custom fence entry gates, 2, 3 & 4 rail wood horse fence construction, licensed & insured, deer fence construction


 


fantastic fence
                sacramento, ca






        fantastic fence is sacramento and roseville’s preferred licensed, bonded, and insured fencing contractor, founded on the principle of providing high-quality fence installation and repairs at an affordable price. we’re a team of dedicated fencing professionals committed to delivering the highest quality fencing services and fence installation services. we specialize in various sturdy materials and styles, including vinyl fences, wood fences, chain link fencing, and custom fences.... see more

 highlights: fence repair, privacy fence, redwood fence, custom fence entry gates, chain link, fence replacement, wood picket fences, residential fences, commercial fences, wood privacy fences, fence contractor sacramento, residential fencing, wrought iron fences & gates, chain link fence, all custom fencing you need


 
farrier




rustic roan hoof care
                lewiston, id






        local/traveling farrier. i service ne oregon, nw washington, the lc valley and surrounding! i’ve been at this for 4 years now, i’ve done everything from belgians to class a b and c minis my travel partner (my mom) also does full body work on horses as well!! i’ve done corrective trimming (see below) i’ve done natural balance shoeing, aluminums, and plain ol steel. i was taught to shoe by an old cowboy who doesn’t do anything fancy. i’m just tryin to keep the old ways alive.... see more

 highlights: regular shoes and trims, trimming, patient, mules, hoof trimming, foals & young horses expertise, all breeds & disciplines, miniatures and donkeys, natural barefoot trimming, if your horse has a hoof crack, ponies/ miniatures, good with horses, donkeys, gentle with the old patient with the young., corrective & lameness shoeing, gentle, cold shoeing, basic shoeing, very dependable, general farrier work


 


butch snow farrier service
                virginia beach, va






        we provide professional farrier services in northeastern north carolina and southeastern virginia. please contact us to inquire about our availability.our company offers professional farrier services in northeastern north carolina and southeastern virginia. please contact us to inquire about our availability. our farrier demonstrates exceptional patience in adapting to the unique personalities and disciplines of various horses. ??... see more

 highlights: clips, laminitis treatment, regular shoes and trims, outstanding quality, donkeys, hoof resection, trimming instruction, founder treatment, foals & young horses expertise, miniatures and donkeys, hot shoeing, afa certified farrier, farrier, dressage horses, very dependable, available for speaking events, boot fitting, therapeutic shoeing, barrel horses, all breeds & disciplines


 


winning horse farrier service
                bethlehem, pa






        worked on olympic level and celebrity horses, performance horse shoeing, natural barefoot trimming, quiet and easy with all horses, hoof cracks, trimming, handmade shoes, general farrier work, all soundness needs, regular shoes and trims, all breeds, high level experience on hunters, jumpers and dressage horses, therapeutic shoeing, dressage horses, gentle with the old patient with the young., hoof trimming, farrier, show hunters, show jumpers, grand prix, jumpers and dressage, clips, hunters, ponies/ miniatures, a lot of experience with glue on shoes, experience helping with multiple olympic level horses (dressage and jumpers)... see more

 highlights: corrective & lameness shoeing, hoof trimming, performance horse barefoot trimming, donkeys, trimming, foals & young horses expertise, patient, general farrier work, glue on shoes, all breeds & disciplines, founder treatment, handmade shoes, hunters, natural barefoot trimming, trimming instruction, eventers, gentle with the old patient with the young., punctual and honest, ponies/ miniatures, gentle


 


cosmos farriery llc,  certified farrier
                seaside, or






        cosmos farriery llc is an american farriers association certified farrier offering hot or cold shoeing, barefoot trims, corrective shoeing, and other farrier services to the pacific northwest based out of seaside, oregon.
        
 highlights: trimming, ponies/ miniatures, corrective & lameness shoeing, miniatures and donkeys, custom blacksmithing, afa certified farrier, laminitis treatment, reining & ranch horses, all breeds & disciplines, punctual and honest, performance horse shoeing, foals & young horses expertise, very dependable, navicular expertise, basic shoeing, hot shoeing, general farrier work, hoof trimming, natural barefoot trimming, gentle with the old patient with the young.


 
horse farms for sale or lease




scenic equestrian property on 23+ acres of tranquil land
                waterford works, nj






        n incredible & scenic equestrian property on 25 acres of tranquil land! this stately home &horse farm is set among the peaceful acreage of rural waterford township (camden county nj) perfectly situated along the border of adjacent wharton state forest. 

main house:  5 bedrooms, 3.5 bath 4380sf
your new lifestyle awaits at the spacious custom colonial home. step into the bright foyer of an open floor plan with warm genuine hardwood plank afoot. views from the elevated windows are abundant accenting the surrounding ranch &forest. a charming formal living/sitting room & formal dining room creates a space for the best of entertaining.  custom gourmet kitchen featuring stainless steel appliances, center island, fine quality cabinetry...a chef's culinary delight! kitchen is outfitted with all the amenities you can desire. whirlpool appliances include double ovens with dedicated exhaust, gas cook-top in the island with dedicated exhaust, two stainless steel sinks, dishwasher. brand-new full-sized lg side-by side refrigerator with water-maker /icemaker. across from the kitchen is a generous “butler's pantry” featuring a third stainless sink, laundry, storage and room for full sized freezer or wine storage. $14,950 p mo rental rate available summer 2025

the 1st floor ‘main house’ has centrally located powder room & two side entries, one with a mud room.  the stunning adjacent pine clad family room features 15’ cathedral ceilings.  abundant windows providing unobstructed views of wharton state forest clear up to the sky! this room is the perfect retreat for soothing relaxation with views from the 360sf outdoor elevated deck of the forest, barn & pastures.

massive koi pond with dual waterfalls makes lounging & dining on the raised patio a dream. watch golden & bald eagles soar overhead while deer & wild turkey scoot the parcel perimeter. there is a permanent deer blind for hunting in the back 12 acres.  wildlife is abundant allowing your experience on the property to whisk you out of modernity & into a feeling of living in hunting lodge from a time of years past. 

1st floor hosts *two* massive primary bedroom suite wings. each approximately ~850sq’. able to be separated from the main house (potential income stream if subleased long-term or short-term) via dead-bolted interior doors. access these suites from the private elevated decks or via the front door. these three-room efficiencies feature ample windows with beautiful views from all rooms. additionally, these suites boast a full bath with 2 closets. (these units are in addition to the 4 bedrooms located on the second story of the main house.)the 2nd floor of the home features 4 bedrooms & full hallway bath with shower. 

first floor     3480 sf  
second floor   900 sf

barns/ outbuildings

equestrians will appreciate the facilities which include a 3120 sf *12 stall barn* w/ dual concrete center aisles, heated tack room, padded stalls & overhead stall fans. there are 2 wash stalls (one interior & one exterior).  abutted to the barn is a detached single stall. connected to the barn is an additional 720sf covered farm equipment storage bay. included in this lease is use of a 448sf detached storage shed/tack area (with electric) . high cube watertight 40’ shipping container provides additional dry storage 320sf. (possibly for hay, equipment or personal) 

stroll over to your *outdoor arena* with upgraded footing for all your riding & training needs. 
2 rear paddocks (electrified & lighted). large paddock with run in
6 three board newly fenced paddocks in front acres. these feature easy gate access& are electrified. they are conveniently set back from the road. 
5 acres of open pasture offer ample riding opportunities with suitability for hay production.  currently harvested& sold to meet qualified farm tax assessment.
farm assessed parcel makes uses for equine, livestock & various agricultural simple. 
small greenhouse & chicken coops are located behind the main barn (with electric).
private well with (6) spigot water pumps conveniently located thought the ranch.
ample space for parking rv, hauling trailers and private vehicles.
mixed use zoning allows for ranch businesses (with township/owners written consent)
the possibilities are unlimited…. start your own business?!

direct trail riding access into your private trails on the back 12 acres of the property as well as direct access to the 111,000 acres of wharton state forest horse trails from the back of the barn, along two of our property lines. horse trails in wharton state forest are located a stone's throw from your barn.  truly an equestrian paradise! yet close to commuter access & all major conveniences...25 miles to downtown metro center city philadelphia! 50 minutes to atlantic city! 

a peaceful oasis in a tranquil location like no other for those who seek pure enjoyment and tranquility.... see more



 


dreaming of building a home ''in the country'' but close to conveniences?
                radnor, oh






        another incredible property proudly marketed by delena ciamacco!
dreaming of building a home ''in the country'' but close to conveniences?  look no further!  over 4 acres surrounded by other homes and farm ground yet in close proximity to conveniences. the perfect location to build your own mini-farm or just have more land for 4h projects and outbuildings. this property is subject to final lot split off of a parent parcel so diagram and acreage could vary slightly.  bring your imagination and a builder…all builders are welcome. consolidated electric services this area. buckeye valley schools. only 149,900! call delena today!   
visit www.delena.com for additional details.... see more



 


ocala, florida, 15.2 acres - vacant land for sale-parsley real estate, inc.
                anthony, fl






        ocala, florida area, 15.2 acres of improved pasture shaded by huge old oaks.  new well installed, plus underground 200 amp electric service.  24'x36' pole barn you could easily add stalls or use for equipment.  cross fenced, catch pen & run-in.  there's an rv hookup for electric & water you can use while building a home.  located 40 min. to the world equestrian center, 12 miles to the ocala southeastern livestock pavilion if you like to show.  many state preserves for beautiful trail riding.  you can also hack around the neighborhood.  close to restaurants and shopping.   no hoa.  a great buy -$450,000.00 contact:  dixie parsley, broker-realtor, parsley real estate, inc.
... see more



 


horse property for sale, barns, arena, 2 homes on 38 acres!
                labelle, fl






        equestrian estate property with land (38+/- acres), guest house, covered riding arena, barns, storage, and covered equipment parking. the main home is a 2-story, 3-bedroom, 1 and ½ bathroom, with stone floors, and granite countertops. the guest house is a 1 bedroom, 1 bath, stilt home, high and dry with a balcony and private entrance. the property operates as a private horse farm and small cow operation, a 2000’ grass runway air strip, small hangar/carport perfect for in-out flights! the farm features engineered metal and concrete barns with utilities, a bathroom, an air-conditioned hay barn, 110- and 220-amp services, multiple water wells on property, septic and lift stations, drainage culverts, fully fenced and cross-fenced for peace of mind, pastures and turn. barn office, tack room, feed room, 6 horse hot walker, all in place ready to go for your business or breeding-training operation. a 20,000 sq ft 25’ high steel covered riding arena, 2 separate horse barns ready for your horses this year here in florida.... see more



 
horses for sale or lease




thoroughbred mare
                longview, tx






        penny is a 16 year old, flea bitten grey, ottb mare, looking for a special new rider to love. 

in the 4 years i’ve had her we’ve had countless adventures, from parades, playdays, trails, and liberty, to 4-h, clinics, and english & western shows. we learned so much together, and now it’s time for her to join another family to love. 

strengths: 
-she comes to be haltered, 
-follows us around pasture,
-loves being groomed, 
-stands for farrier, 
-hauls and stalls well, 
-lunges, 
-great ground manners, 
-happily accepts her blanket in the winter, -stands for tacking & bridling. 

weaknesses: 
-she will load and unload but “dumps” herself out when backing off the trailer, she does best in new environments when she is being ridden regularly, 
-she is sensitive to poll pressure so can be reactive when she steps on her lead rope or is hard tied, 
-she won’t pick up her right lead consistently under saddle, but will on the lunge line (with more conditioning and arena work she might get it under saddle). 

i have her jockey club papers, and her registered name is denise delmar. 
she’s barefoot and gets trimmed every 8 weeks. her teeth were floated october 2024 and she has current negative coggins. 

she’s very affectionate and loves her people. she also loves adopting young horses to mother. she’s very responsive, and best suited for a thoughtful intermediate rider. she was my first horse and is super special to me, so we’ll be very selective about where she goes. 

asking $3,500. please contact me at  if you’re interested.... see more



 


beautiful palomino qh pony mare for sale
                jupiter, fl






        dallas is an eye-catching palamino pony mare with beautiful gaits and a long reaching walk.
this girl forms deep connections with people she trusts. 
she enjoys trail rides preferably with another confident horse(s) but is happy to brave it by herself with her person as she enjoys being out in nature. she is comfortable with machinery moving around at the barn, trucks, cars passing on a trail ride or birds flying out of the florida canals on trail-rides. 

we'd like to find a home for her with someone who can give her the time she deserves. 
ideally this will be with someone she can enjoy trail rides with and this someone who may have an interest in dressage, natural horsemanship, or possibly liberty work.

dallas has been in light dressage training with her natural ability. she leads and lunges well (with or without side-reins), works well in hand including lateral work which has increased her strength and suppleness and was started on ground driving.
she has the potential to move along in dressage with a consistent, patient approach. 
she is not a candidate to buy and "flip", and we are not willing to sell her for this purpose. 

a good home is a must.
thanks for reading:)... see more



 


10 y/o ottb looking for fresh start!
                geneva, fl






        meet bo, a 10 y/o ottb gelding seeking his forever home. sat for a year, but currently restarted and showing alot of eagerness. he's a lazy boy but has some speed when asked. moves beautifully! only reason he is leaving is that we are needing room for boarders, so unfortunately he's gotta go. have videos and tons of pictures. he is a sweetheart and deserves a great home! price is negotiable!... see more



 


safe, solid, been there done that, unicorn
                tooele, ut






        folks always ask us about good, solid, safe horses, and this is the truly the best one we have.

words simply don't do this horse justice! "slick" is one of the best horses to ever stand on our place and truly one you must see and ride to fully appreciate. he is extremely versatile and a horse that the entire family can enjoy. slick knows when it's time to go to work or if he's a babysitter. besides being used extensively for all aspects of ranch work, he has been hauled many miles to clinics, ranch ropings, and horse shows across the country. he is a pretty loper, an easy lead changer, and has great eye appeal on cattle. slick has an impressive show record in the aqha working cow horse, ranch riding, versatility ranch horse, and stock horse competitions. he has also recently been started on the head side and is incredible! this horse has enough experience to be safe, yet still a lot of great years left ahead of him!

pm or contact  for more information.... see more



 
horse breeding/sales barns




heart diamond farm
                signal mountain, tn






        heart diamond farm is a small, family owned rehoming farm in beautfiul signal mountain tn. we specialize in rescuing, training, and rehoming animals of all kinds, specifically miniature horses and donkeys, as well as educating the public on proper care of them. we work closely with each and every animal to ensure they receive the care and attention they need to thrive. there is a very special list of requirements that every equine participant needs to meet before they go to a new home. in order to do this, we only have a few at a time. if you are looking for a new companion, give us a holler, and we might have something for you!... see more

 highlights: horses for sale, horse sales, we are a family owned and operated business with our clients int, ponies, trail horses, rehabilitation, training, rescue


 


weiss attuned horsemanship
                pocahontas, il






        honest & reliable trainer & seller.  the horse comes first in my book & i'm looking for owners who are likeminded.  when finding my horses new forever homes, i want the horse to be happy & safe as well as the new owner.    it's not about making a sale... it's about finding the right partnership/bond for you both to succeed.... see more

 highlights: endurance, amateur, horse sales, aphc, reining prospects, english pleasure, rehabilitation, arabians iaha, ponies, working cow horse prospects, youth, dressage, off the track thoroughbreds, horses for sale, training, breeding and sales, sport horses, cross country, riding lessons, equitation


 


cave river ranch
                campbellsburg, in






        we offer quality horses for sale, sec b welsh stud service,  quality aqha foals, horsemanship lessons,  camps, and offsite pony parties
        
 highlights: dressage, trail horses, instruction, horse sales, western, lessons, aqha, reining prospects, adult private lessons, 4-h horses, breeding and sales, stallions, we are a family owned and operated business with our clients int, horses for sale, ponies, cutting prospects, intermediate, equitation, sport horses, pleasure horses


 


gittins horses
                montgomery, tx






        honestly selling good broke gentle riding horses in se texas. every horse is sold with a 30-day guarantee in writing in the contract with a new coggins, vaccine record, farrier record, and any vet records.
        
 highlights: horse sales, gaited breeds, amateur, trail horses, sales, beginner horses, children's, intermediate, pleasure horses, horses for sale, western, apha, aqha, we are a family owned and operated business with our clients int, riding lessons


 
tack shops




stardust wash & repair
                redmond, or






        horse blanket wash & repair, est. in 2000, 3625 n hwy 97 redmond, or. customer satisfaction, and referral, waterproofing for horse blankets, tents etc. by approved w/silicone spray , won’t irritate the skin like nikwax or other wash in. we repair horse blankets, pads, leather, hunting gear, marine, jeeps, awnings, rv covers, custom orders, zipper replacements & pick up and deliver.... see more

 highlights: boat restoration and fabrication of new vinyl heavy duty replace, horse blankets, tack & leather repair, riding boots, industrial washing & drying fast turnaround., weatherbeeta, special orders welcome!, horse blanket cleaning & repair, saddle pads, amigo horse blankets, horse tack


 


backroads ranch & tack
                eminence, ky






        new and used saddles, new leather tack, new horse supplies. open monday-saturday by appointment.
        
 highlights: western saddles, beginner rider outfitting, special orders welcome!, carriage driving equipment, chaps & half chaps, saddle pads, tack for children & youth, horse tack, halters, horse blankets, bridle sets, dressage saddles, bits, saddles, gifts, tack, used saddles & tack


 


resale riding store & tack shop
                bonita springs, fl






        resale and new english riding clothes - breeches, riding tech tops, riding tights, helmets, paddock boots, tall boots, equine horse art, equestrian gifts & more! saturday- sunday 8-4
        
 highlights: tack for children & youth, weatherbeeta, specialty horse equipment, ariat boots & clothing, sun shirts, bits, horse jewelry, eventing gear, horse tack, saddles, show coats, accessories, dublin, wide calf boots, half pads, crops, beginner rider outfitting, tuffrider, saddle pads, tack


 


horse of course saddles and tack
                gardiner, ny






        by appointment only. new and used horse tack, equipment and supplies. warehouse style shopping from my farm.
        
 highlights: dublin, western bits, tack, eventing & hunter jumper tack, chaps & half chaps, barrel racing supplies, english stirrups and leathers - childrens and adult, saddle pads, horse blankets, western pleasure fancy shirts, western headstalls, western breast collars, winter blankets + sheets, western reins, english paddock boots, western button down shirts - mens and womens, english riding apparel, english saddle pads, western spurs + spur straps, specialty horse equipment


 
equine real estate agents




alicia richardson
                camden, me






        associate broker in camden, me.
        
 highlights: horse barns, single-family homes, country estates, rural horse properties, horse farms, homes and land, small horse farms & ranches, farms and land, horse property buyers, buyer's agent, property, listing agent, recreational properties, i work with buyers and sellers, realtor, luxury homes, homes on acreage


 


9 acres on cobb road in pelzer, sc
                pelzer, sc






        discover the endless possibilities with this stunning unrestricted 9-acre parcel of land in greenville county, sc. nestled in a peaceful setting, this expansive property offers the perfect canvas for your dream home, recreational retreat, or investment opportunity. don’t miss your chance to own this incredible piece of greenville county—schedule a visit today and start planning your future! septic and well are required.... see more

 highlights: listing, luxury homes, property, single-family homes, listing agent, horse property realtor, buyer & seller realtor, buyer's agent, horse property buyers, land for sale, homes on acreage, horse farms, horse properties, i work with buyers and sellers, realtor, homes and land, commercial farms & properties, recreational properties, farms and land


 


+/- 60.32 acres on highland forest drive
                greenwood, sc






        attention developers, investors, and visionaries! here’s your chance to secure 60 pristine acres of land, brimming with potential and located just minutes from the vibrant community of greenwood. with public water and sewer services already in place, you can streamline the development process and focus on realizing your goals. the property features level topography, planted pines, and even a creek. don’t miss this rare opportunity to own a slice of paradise.... see more

 highlights: farms and land, i work with buyers and sellers, hunting & fishing properties, realtor, listing agent, land for sale, property, horse property buyers, recreational properties


 


lisa bricker, realtor®- sotheby's international realty
                college station, tx






        whether it’s elite ranches or charming country living ranchettes, home is always where the horses are. born and raised in the equine industry, let me lead you home 

"with a background steeped in equine knowledge—thanks to her father’s professional reining horse training business—lisa offers expertise in equine facilities, livestock, ranches, and land. born and raised on an equine ranch in temecula, california's famed wine country, lisa bricker's roots run deep in both the equestrian and real estate worlds. since moving to college station, texas in 2018, lisa has combined her passion for horses with her love for real estate, offering a unique and informed perspective to her clients.  as a dedicated advisor with sotheby's international realty and a proud texas a&m aggie, lisa embodies the core values and high standards of her esteemed affiliations. whether you’re buying, selling, or investing, lisa’s approach blends authenticity, innovation, and personalized care, making every client’s journey seamless and rewarding."... see more

 highlights: single-family homes, horse farms, new construction, reining horse ranches, horse property buyers, horse barns, listing, i work with buyers and sellers, property, cattle ranches, large land, luxury equestrian estates, gentlemen farms, listing agent, recreational properties, equestrian rentals (seasonal, short term), homes on acreage, 1st time buyers, country estates, equestrian facilities


 
equine vet




columbia veterinary hospital
                the dalles, or






        columbia veterinary hospital’s mission is to provide exceptional and modern veterinary care. we value our clients’ love for their pets and animals and make every effort to ensure we provide the highest quality patient care. 

columbia veterinary hospital has been proudly serving the dalles, oregon area, since 2012 and with our recently built, 5600 sq. ft. facility we can provide the best our area has to offer. our new hospital houses our top-of-the-line equipment such as a navi ultrasound, surgical ligasure unit, dental x ray, and ready-to-go ambulatory vehicles, we deliver the best quality service to our clients. 

our hospital includes a temperature controlled large animal suite with padded flooring. we also have a dedicated small animal dental area, fully sterile surgical suite, dog and cat-specific rooms, a big open treatment area, an isolation ward, and our own full pharmacy.... see more

 highlights: tear duct flushing, digital ultrasound & xrays, foal care, in house laboratory, mobile advanced equine dentistry, mobile radiology & ultrasound, vaccinations & coggins, sport horse medicine, equine vet, hospitalization, extractions, equine lameness evaluation & treatment, colic, joint injections, routine surgery, pre-purchase exams, horse health care, equine veterinarian, internal medicine, wellness care


 


bannon woods veterinary hospital
                fairdale, ky






        full service mixed animal hospital offering advanced, integrative veterinary medicine and surgery. treating small animal, equine, and small ruminants in louisville, kentucky.
        
 highlights: critical care, small animal surgery and medicine, mobile advanced equine dentistry, acupuncture & alternative therapies, artificial insemination (ai) services, equine endoscopy, ultrasounds, mobile radiology & ultrasound, joint injections, acupuncture, noltrex, routine veterinary care, stem cell therapy, digital ultrasound & xrays, vaccinations & coggins, shockwave therapy, routine surgery, sport horse medicine, dermatology, regenerative therapies


 


colorado equine clinic
                littleton, co






        founded in 1994, colorado equine clinic has been an industry leader in podiatry and sports medicine. dr. barbara page is a certified chiropractor and has published multiple peer-reviewed articles related to the science of the equine foot. we specialize in diagnosing and treating lameness issues nobody else can. our facility was purpose-built for analyzing, diagnosing, and treating the gamut of equine mobility pathologies. from the unique motion analysis pad to cutting-edge diagnostic equipment, to in-house regenerative medicine processing, we are confident in our ability to improve your horse's mobility and quality of life. 
c.e.c. also provides standard veterinary care, including but not limited to vaccinations, dental care, ophthalmology, wound treatment, colic treatment, in-house lab for blood and fecal testing,  radiology, ultrasonography, surgeries, breeding, and coggins / health certifications.
we have indoor and outdoor stables for our hospitalized patients.
we also offer full-time boarding in our 26 acres of natural grass pasture.
we are mobile! we can meet you within a 45 minute radius of the clinic. we service arvada and wheat ridge south to larkspur; elizabeth west to conifer.
we offer 24/7 emergency and icu services.... see more

 highlights: hospitalization, horse health care, 24/7 emergency care, equine chiropractic, pre-purchase exams, dermatology, acupuncture & alternative therapies, routine veterinary care, wellness care, in house laboratory, internal medicine, critical care, joint injections, mobile advanced equine dentistry, ultrasounds, equine ophthalmology, equine podiatry, mobile radiology & ultrasound, equine vet, certified veterinary acupuncturist


 


love horsemanship
                rockford, il






        available for massage sessions in and around rockford illinois (including surrounds) message me directly with available days/times and your info

offering full body
1hr
45min

offering packages
5x full body package
10x full body package
5x full body package
10x full body package... see more

 highlights: equine sports massage therapy, horse health care, equine rehabilitation, wellness care, acupuncture & alternative therapies


 
horse transportation




emmets equine transport
                odessa, fl






        equestrian transport central florida
are you looking for someone to move your horse, goats, sheep, or show steer that you can pigs goats ect that you can depend on to show up on time?
i can transport your horse or other animals to locations throughout florida and other surrounding states for a reasonable cost. i own a farm and stable and have been handling horses and animals for years. also in vet tech school to transport your horses (up to 2) in my new warmblood trailer.
i clean and sanitize my trailer after each haul and use fresh bedding. my trailer is equipped with fans and a cameras inside and out so i can keep your friend comfortable and safe during transport.
i can also transport your horse or other livestock from a rescue or sales event. i also can work with local humane societies, county or other government agencies. also can pick up from the trace track 
i am available anytime, and do late night emergency hauls as well.
please call zoe,  for more information or set up a move.... see more

 highlights: tack, cross country & long hauls, multiple horse transport, stallion transport, horses, small livestock welcome, call us for your transportation needs., draft horse transport, full care, ground transport to equine air transport, horse boarding, local transports, first class accommodation     red carpet service   honest open c, horse shows, horse transportation, constant monitoring on the horses, horse racing, trailer sales & repair, supplements, hay


 


horse and livestock transportation services
                hinckley, oh






        local horse and livestock services. if i am unable to transport rentals are also available for more info you can message me via text
        
 highlights: small livestock welcome, local transports, horse trailer rental, english, small equine, private horse transportation, horse transportation, horse hauling, 2 horse bumper pulls, all your  livestock needs -- cattle - exotic animals - equine: e, tack, multiple horse transport


 


high mark transport llc
                weirsdale, fl






        hmt is licensed, legal and fully insured.  dot compliant. we haul anywhere in the united states with air ride equipment. all of our drivers are cdl certified, we have cameras on board every trailer. we have over 35 years of horsemanship and hauling experience. we can accommodate all your transport needs.... see more

 highlights: geriatric & broodmare, race track relocation, horse hauling, hay, all your  livestock needs -- cattle - exotic animals - equine: e, foal transport, small equine, carriage transportation, english, dependable transportation to shows, experienced horseman are the drivers, check us out on facebook, horse transportation, call us for your transportation needs., mare transport, stallion transport, emergency transport to vets, dressage, regional transport, cross country & long hauls


 


priority horse shipping
                lake charles, la






        efficient and economical horse transport personalized for each clients needs. based out of vinton, la and lake charles, la. local and distance rates based on mileage and number of horses. haul horses and donkeys safely and comfortably to veterinarian, new home, or for performance and breeding in a modern all weather 3 horse trailer with a large ramp. trailer is frequently sanitized. truck and trailer are eco friendly and truck is well maintained and uses modern pollution controls. max range is 1200 miles. trips over 8 hours one way have a hotel fee. connects with larger horse vans and overnighting available at longhorn training center in vinton, la. trailer can be bedded and made into large stall on wheels for long trips or for mare with foal and other special needs horses. feel free to call anytime for an estimate on a future trip. jared... see more

 highlights: stallion transport, layover facility, emergency transport to vets, box stalls available, regional transport, horse hauling, multiple horse discounts, draft horse transport, custom horse transport, foal transport, neighborhood events, race track relocation, call us for your transportation needs., multiple horse transport, small livestock welcome, horse racing, experienced horseman are the drivers, dependable transportation to shows, private horse transportation, small equine


 
dressage training




jessica starck
                naples, fl






        will travel to you!

   international equestrian dressage trainer and competitor offering horse training and coaching from ground work through competitive grand prix.
   recipient of the usdf diamond award, national     
   championships,  all-breeds awards, and usdf silver diploma.

jessica can help you achieve harmony with your equine partner, gain a few more points in the competition arena, and strategize the proper training program for you and your horse. she is able to help you achieve your short and long term training goals.

with understanding of the classical schools, jessica’s teaching is grounded in the fundamentals but stylized with a personal approach to achieve harmony and full potential. offering tailored training programs, jessicas custom approach helps a wide range of students and horses understand what is expected so they can be calm and confident in their work.

jessica believes that learning never stops and has worked with top trainers and clinicians in the competition and classical worlds to become educated in the saddle and experienced with long-line, in-hand work, stallions, and young horses.

 jessica excels in helping clients feel confident in their personal training and horsemanship.... see more

 highlights: classical dressage, private riding lessons, older adult riders welcome!, beginner adults and children, monthly training, sale horses, problem horses, stallion, creates horses with good work ethic, second level, warmbloods, third level, natural horsemanship, trail, full grooming services, gentle approach, kind, usdf, will travel to you, acts as agent in your search for your next horse


 


ryan eliza
                belvidere, il






        hey! not enough time to get all your rides done? going on holiday/vacation? too many horses? i'd be happy to help you! with over 20yrs of experience in the industry- from racehorses to warmblood, from welsh to belgian, the trained and unbroke, from the gentle trail horse to the one that likes to add a bit of excitement to every ride, i can help. happy to provide assistance cleaning up the barn or paddocks as well (tack included!) along with riding experience, i also carry a certificate in equine sports massage therapy (with red light, stretching and conformation evaluation as well)... see more

 highlights: stallion, young riders, long lining, exercise, natural horsemanship, classical dressage, trail riding, young horse training, sale horses, lunge lessons, warmbloods, ground training, gentle approach, trail, massage, adult amateurs & beginners welcome, full grooming services, pole work, beginner adults and children, will travel to you


 


solidify the foundation with dressage training
                sparks glencoe, md






        cloverland farm, is home to usdf gold medalist and diamond rider.  tate is a certified instructor, hunter/jumper & western pleasure judge. as well as an extensive background in eventing.  

lessons are available at cloverland or tate can travel to you. eventing ~ dressage ~ hunter/jumper!

tate's program combines groundwork, long lining, cavaletti, and hacking out, proper dressage foundation, an addition to correct ring work, tate ensures all athletes are well rounded and confident in the sport. from backing young prospects to competing multiple fei grand prix horses, tate has ample experience bringing horses up the levels with a systematic approach derived from the classical principles of the training scale.
proper education of health care, custom training program, and structured conditioning is the key to year round happy horses in any discipline. 

cloverland farm, is the definition of premium training & boarding farm.  the privately owned property, features a luxury stable with the highest-quality amenities in a natural environment.  as well as a smaller barn offering a laid-back peaceful environment.

ride comfortably year round, in a state-of-the-art insulated indoor riding arena with dust free custom blend footing to provide the appropriate cushioning for your horse's legs.  horses are protected by quality fencing and can enjoy lush grass pastures year round, farm staff monitor horses throughout the day.

cloverland welcomes all skilled level riders to join our lesson program! 
contact  or email ... see more

 highlights: second level, lessons for children and adults, beginner adults and children, full service dressage training, classical dressage, monthly training, boarding, full grooming services, introductory lesson, first level, natural horsemanship, kids, group lessons, young riders, horse leases available, gentle approach, school horses available, ground training, covered arena, long lining


 


janet grunbok
                bainbridge island, wa






        dressage training and lessons. beginner to grand prix
        
 highlights: dressage score improvements, acts as agent in your search for your next horse, dressage clinics, kids, school horses available, long lining, monthly training, covered arena, private riding lessons, young riders, warmbloods, kind, usdf, second level, starting dressage horse prospects, boarding, usdf certified instuctor to 4th level, advanced training for horse & rider, haul ins welcome, fei dressage training


 
hunter jumper training




crosswind stables
                waverly hall, ga






        about trainer/rider: 
taylor is the owner/trainer of crosswind stables in columbus, ga. taylor has trained with top professionals across the u.s. and europe, gaining valuable experience at fei shows and developing her own training philosophy. she emphasizes continuous learning and attention to detail in both horse care and performance.
at crosswind stables, taylor creates a calm, personalized training environment where horse and rider can thrive. whether improving partnerships, excelling in the show ring, finding the right horse, or assisting with sales, taylor is dedicated to helping clients achieve their goals with tailored plans and expert guidance.... see more

 highlights: hunter jumper breeding program, warmbloods, professional lesson program with safe, beginners welcome!, riding instruction, english riding disciplines, adult beginners welcome!, on site facility manager, group hunter jumper lessons, starting young hunter jumper horses, hunter under saddle, hunter jumper show coaching, a shows, hunters/jumpers, hunter circuit, full care, horsemanship, hunter jumper horses for lease, full service boarding/training facility, excellent care


 


arrow a farms
                conroe, tx






        hunter/jumper riding lessons offered to beginners through advanced riders. conveniently located between the woodlands and magnolia. we attend local and rated shows.
        
 highlights: tb horses off the track, 5-day a week training, starting young hunter jumper horses, jumpers, hunter jumper show coaching, working with problem horses, on site facility manager, hunters/jumpers, adult beginners welcome!, beginners welcome!, warmbloods, at home and away usef sactioned shows, excellent care, hunters and jumpers, trailering, hanoverians, hunter jumper horses for lease, horse training, full care, riding instruction


 


silver shoe farm
                rowley, ma






        silver shoe farm in rowley ma is a premier horseback riding facility that offers boarding and lessons, specializing in jumping. our director and head instructor, roger, has 45+ years of experience. having competed in national and international show jumping competitions, roger has won numerous championship titles throughout the years. he welcomes riders of all ages and levels of experience to help them achieve their horseback riding goals; whether you are just starting to ride or are ready to compete on higher levels, roger is able to help. we have wonderful lesson horses that you can ride, or you could choose to lease one of our horses or ride your own. we participate in multiple events as well, including trail rides, beach rides, show jumping competitions, hunter paces and more! roger also has vast experience training young, green and challenging horses. email us at  with any questions or inquiries. or, if you'd like to send us a message here, please leave your email and/or phone number in your message so that we can get back to you promptly.

contact us at: 4 1 3 5 2 2 2 4 8 2 or email silvershoe2023 @ gmail.com... see more

 highlights: personal training programs, full service boarding/training facility, hunter jumper show coaching, combined training, tb horses off the track, hunter/jumpers, excellent care, horsemanship, school horses, riding instruction, hunter jumper horse sales, student competitions, hunters/jumpers, beginners welcome!, help find the perfect horse, jumpers, horse sales and leasing, hunter jumper horses for lease, group hunter jumper lessons, private hunter jumper lessons


 


shank llc.
                rancho santa fe, ca






        shank llc. is a full service hunter/jumper program offering training from the beginning of the sport all the way to the upper levels. we create a plan to ensure each horse and rider reaches their goals correctly and efficiently. attending shows both locally and nationally, head trainer cody shank has coached riders all the way through medal finals and the upper level jumpers. in addition, we also offer a unique sales program with contacts throughout the country and beyond! contact us today to schedule a tour of the facility!... see more

 highlights: full grooming, a shows, hunter jumper lessons, tb horses off the track, hunters, hunter under saddle, hunter jumper horse sales, hunt seat, hunters and jumpers, horse sales and leasing, at home and away usef sactioned shows, starting young hunter jumper horses, hunter jumper horses for lease, horse training, excellent care, working with problem horses, thoroughbred, student competitions, hunter jumper show coaching, on site facility manager


 
western horse training




mobile horse training in the greater atlanta area
                atlanta, ga






        horse training offered at your home or desired location in the greater atlanta area including alpharetta, douglasville, and all other surrounding areas. services include tune ups, colt starting, at home riding instruction, exercising, consignment, and behavioral assessment.... see more

 highlights: building confidence, desensitization, western show coaching, all around horse training, colt starting, gaited horses, horse tune-ups, we focus on safety and learning communication with your horse, problem horse trainer, sales and training, western horses for sale, english disciplines, groundwork, breeding, young riders welcome!, western riding clinics, horsekeeping instruction, conditioning, western riding lessons, help with purchasing a horse


 


david sowers
                eustis, fl






        david sowers, 4s quarter horses, is the trainer-in-residence at the plus j ranch. he has an extensive background with horses and has worked with some of florida's top trainers prior to setting out on his own. he focuses on clear and concise communication with the horse, earning trust, and creating a relationship built on mutual respect. he believes training should be simple, sustainable, and suitable.... see more

 highlights: western riding clinics, groundwork, experience with quarter horses, training board, all around horse training, training, horse tune-ups, horsemanship, breaking & starting western horses, young horses, building confidence, western horses for sale, trailer in training, we focus on safety and learning communication with your horse, aqha, horse finishing, young riders welcome!, apha, all around, reining training


 


horse trainer/colt starter
                ferndale, wa






        helping young horses seek solid foundation when embarking on their first journey! lifelong horsemanship

hi, my names dori,

i run a small colt starting operation and refresher course for problem horses or horses that need restarted. i also travel and train within reasonable distance and come to you for lessons and colt starting.... see more

 highlights: all around horse training, breaking & starting western horses, aqha, training safe trail horses, experience with quarter horses, problem horse trainer, natural horsemanship trainer, groundwork, mobile training, horsemanship, young horses, colt starting, training, barrel racing, building confidence


 


pr natural horsemanship
                laguna hills, ca






        i have over 25 years of expertise in the equine world and ranch management operations with a strong focus on natural horsemanship techniques and principles through the philosophies of tom dorrance, ray hunt and buck brannaman. experience in colt starting, addressing behavioral issues in horses, riding instruction, educating in horse psychology and western training including: reigning, trail riding, cow sorting, ranch work, and team roping.... see more

 highlights: western dressage, young horses, all around horse training, training safe trail horses, help with purchasing a horse, reining training, horse finishing, breaking & starting western horses, building confidence, cutting, problem horse trainer, halter training, western riding lessons, lessons, experience with quarter horses, all around, groundwork, training, western pleasure horse training, we focus on safety and learning communication with your horse


 
horse camps




arizona horse camping nashwa farms camp verde arizona
                camp verde, az






        horse camping * stalls available*rv hookups*dry camping* private ranch national forest land*indian ruins* river runs through the property*historical sites* miles of trails*groups welcome*short term or long term camping*dogs allowed*guided trail rides
        
 highlights: activities, equine summer camp, horse & pony birthday parties, beginners - experienced riders, great way to learn about horses, photography, beginners welcome!, flagstaff arizona is close to our horse farm, miles of trails throughout the historical valley, english & western, pony parties & rides, horse summer camps, large rigs welcome, family, barrels, ponies, guided trail riding, horses provided, arena, family oriented


 


mosier natural horsemanship
                bunnlevel, nc






        mosier natural horsemanship was founded in 2016 by hannah mosier. the farm is owned by tylor and hannah mosier, located in bunnlevel nc, right off hwy 210. we are a small scale family farm that offers lessons, camps, and training. if you're searching for a low key, no drama, welcoming positive atmosphere then we may just be the place for you.

with 17 years of experience in training and instruction, hannah’s goal is to teach people how to communicate with horses and build a better relationship between horse and rider.

hannah has spent more than half her life in the saddle riding both english and western. in english riding the focus was mainly on jumpers and western riding has consisted of competitive trail, cowboy mounted shooting, gaming, ranch work and endurance riding. hannah says "she enjoys the challenge of riding different disciplines, not only has it strengthened her as a rider but also brought to light many aspects of training". every discipline seeks something different from the horse but they all have standard needs in common, mainly a strong connection and foundation between the horse and rider.

riding lessons are avilable year round, time availability fluctuates seasonly with summer and winter temperatures. lesson options that are offered include private, shared, and group. the length and rate for each lesson type vary and can be discussed to decide which option fits your needs and schedule best. certified riding helmets and all needed tack is provided.

ages 5 and up are eligible to participate in our riding lesson program.we teach all aspects of horsemanship, to include grooming, groundwork, riding, tacking and untacking. ages 3-5 are eligible to participate in our mini lesson program. this program consists of a 30 minute lesson, which includes grooming and a ride on a lead line. 

camps are offered several times throughout the year to include spring break, winter break, summer, and some teacher workdays. camps are open to children ages 5 and up. we keep our camp groups small, a maximum of 6 children per camp to ensure more one on one instruction and hands-on learning. all levels of riders are welcome from beginners to advanced. just like our lesson program, all of our teaching is based on natural horsemanship methods.

along with riding, campers have the opportunity to experience the full aspects of horse care such as helping with feeding, watering and daily morning farm chores. we spend the majority of camp time riding and working hands on with the horses. when it’s too hot for arena riding, campers and the horses often enjoy a bareback ride through the shaded pastures. crafts and games are also a camp favorite! each camp has a different focus allowing children to attend multiple camps and learn new skills at each camp. 

mosier natural horsemanship offers training to all breeds and disciplines, specializing in working with blm mustangs and horses to overcome challenging behaviors. the focus is to help you reach your horsemanship goals through building the needed connection with your horse. training is about trust and understanding for both the horse and the owner, it is imperative to not skip foundational steps or take short cuts. in doing so this can create weak spots that will undoubtedly surface at some point down the road. mosier natural horsemanship understands that every horse and owner learn differently and need a program that works for their specific needs, regardless if our training program is a stepping stone along your horse's pathway or the sole focus in reaching your goals, mosier natural horsemanship is here to help. please contact us directly to enquire about training prices and packages.

2024 horse camp schedule

june
monday, june 10th- long stirrup camp
wednesday, june 12th- trail camp
monday, june 17th- long stirrup camp
wednesday, june 19th- trail camp
monday, june 24th- long stirrup camp
wednesday, june 26th- short stirrup camp

july
wednesday, july 10th- long stirrup
monday, july 15th- short stirrup
wednesday, july 17th- trail camp
wednesday, july 24th- short stirrup camp
monday, july 29th- long stirrup camp
wednesday, july 31st- trail camp

august
monday, august 5th- long stirrup
wednesday, august 7th- trail camp
monday, august 12th- short stirrup camp
monday, august 19th- long stirrup camp
wednesday, august 21st- trail camp

short stirrup camp
about: this camp is a great introduction opportunity for younger children.
location:  farm:  342 temple road, bunnlevel, nc 28323
requirements:  ages 5-7  no previous experience is needed
items needed: refillable water bottle with lid, snack,  sunscreen, bug spray, riding boots
time: 8:30 am -11:30 am
deposit: $30 total cost: $55

long stirrup camp
about: this camp is geared to older children, ages 8 and above.
location:  farm:  342 temple road, bunnlevel, nc 28323
requirements: ages 5 and above, no previous experiance is needed
items needed: refillable water bottle with lid, snack,  sunscreen, bug spray, riding boots
time: 8:00 am- 12 noon
deposit: $40
total cost: $75

trail riding camp (please note location of this camp)
about: enjoy a new look at nature from horseback. a shady ride through the sandhills trails is a great opportunity for children to try something new outdoors.
location: 995 mccloskey road fayetteville, nc 28311 “sandhills multi trails”
requirements: ages 5 and above, no previous experiance is needed
items needed: refillable water bottle with lid, sunscreen, bug spray, riding boots
time: 8am-11:00 am
maximum group size: 4 children
deposit: $40
total cost: $80

early drop off between 7am-8am is available for all farm location camps only. the early drop off fee is $10.00. registration for early drop off is required in advance. check out our fb for more pictures of past camps!  if you have any questions, would like to register or schedule an appointment to visit the farm please let us know!... see more

 highlights: equitation, family oriented, guided trail riding, equine summer camp, horseback riding lessons, beginners - experienced riders, fun, beginners welcome!, horse leasing, beginner to advanced riding lessons, english riding lessons, horsemanship lessons, basics, safety is top priority, horse education, great way to learn about horses, horseback riding day camps, english & western, horse training available, family


 


horsemanship camps
                mocksville, nc






        dutchman creek equestrian center offers horsemanship camps and specialty camps for ages 4 to adults.  kids can attend our summer horse camps or our saturday horse camps.  adults who want to participant in an all adult weekend horse camp can enjoy a fun time with horses and friends.  we are located off jack booe rd, in mocksville, nc.... see more

 highlights: horsemanship lessons, beginner to advanced riding lessons, confidence building, ponies, horse summer camps, great way to learn about horses, western riding, beginners welcome!, horse education, equitation, family oriented, activities, jumping, horses provided, horse training available, poles, quality instructors, special events, western, safety is top priority


 


horse summer camps
                oregon city, or






        fun summer day camps for kids!! the kids get to ride twice a day plus learn about horse parts, how to groom and tack up, horse breeds, horse colors, and basic nutrition. we strive to help kids be safe and confident around horses! we keep our camps small to ensure that kids are getting lots of individualized help on and off of the horses. our beginner camps are designed for those that have never been on a horse before, while our intermediate camps are to help those that are at least steering in the walk by themselves. camps are $525 for the week, monday to friday, and run from 9:00am-3:00pm. kids will get a camp t-shirt and get to put on a little mini show for the parents on friday to show off what they have learned in camp!... see more

 highlights: lessons, horseback riding day camps, beginners welcome!, horseback riding lessons, horse education, beginners - experienced riders, english riding lessons, basics, confidence building, kids, great way to learn about horses, equine summer camp, horses provided, horse summer camps


 

    newhorse.com is © copyright sudden ventures, inc. ( 0.369 secs on 02/17/25)


privacy policy
    | accessibility statement



 activate high contrast mode






