






the freedom of information times



















home


usaf academy collection


arizona state u. collection


german internment


latin american


personal stories


internment camps


crystal city, tx camp


stringtown, ok camp


internee newspaper


internee list by camp


repatriation


volume wwii


additional links & photos


internment myths


books/journals/media


off site links






world war ii - the internment of
german american civilians


this webpage was originally created by arthur d. jacobs
major, usaf retired; researcher: internment in the united states during
world war ii, december 7, 1941 - july 1948








new: us national archives - brief overview of the world war ii enemy alien control program


help! click here


this web site contains research materials on the wartime treatment of u.s. and latin americans of german ancestry for serious researchers, students and persons seeking general information.
the world war ii experience of thousands of german americans, to most,  is an unknown.  during world war ii, the u.s. government and many americans viewed german americans and others of "enemy ancestry" as potentially dangerous, particularly immigrants.  the government used many interrelated, constitutionally questionable methods to control persons of german ancestry, including internment, individual and group exclusion from military zones, internee exchanges, deportation, repatriation, "alien enemy" registration, travel restrictions and property confiscation.
the human cost of these civil liberties violations was high.  families were disrupted, if not destroyed, reputations ruined, homes and belongings lost.  by the end of the war, 11,000 persons of german ancestry, including many american-born children, were interned.
pressured by the united states, latin american governments collectively arrested at least 4,050 german latin americans.  most were shipped in dark boat holds to the united states and interned.  at least 2,000 germans, german americans and latin american internees were later exchanged for americans and latin americans held by the third reich in germany.
the mission of this web site is to tell the story of thousands whose lives were forever changed because the united states suspected them of disloyalty.  government suspicion was based upon national origin and led to great hardship.  their story must not be forgotten. it deserves to be told.  to date, it remains shrouded in history.
summary of german american wartime experience. click here for more details.
please visit other areas of this web site, including the sections containing personal stories, images, media coverage and congressional action, by clicking on the site links on the left side of your computer screen.





contact us:
staff@traces.org
































































































































































