 home - ultrasound experience       
     


facebookinstagram(760) 744-3733homeabout uspackagesfaqscontact ussearch




menu


menu
book an ultrasound experiencemake lasting memoriesbook an experiencebringing families togetherwe enjoy bringing families together and providing you the opportunity to experience the joy and love of bonding with your baby even before birth.high quality experienceswe named our business “the ultrasound experience” because delivering high quality experiences is our primary goal. here, it is all about you, your family, and your first incredible encounter with your unborn child.bringing images of your baby to lifeyou can surround yourself with family and friends in our spacious and cozy home like theater, we bring unbelievable images of your baby to life! combining state of the art technology with high resolution monitors in a memorable 100-inch viewing screen.at the ultrasound experience we rely on modern, advanced, console-based ultrasound technology that is safe, powerful and gives very clear pictures. combined with years of experience as a sonographer, the ultrasound experience can offer you high resolution images that are sure to wow you and your family! book today and come in to experience great service and high-quality imaging that you and your baby deserve!**10% off military, law-enforcement, first responders and teachersbook an experience2d heart of mine10 minute 2d session.see your unborn child and it’s tiny features listen to the heartbeat as early as 7 weeks.8 black and white images.**moms 7 to 11 weeks must have a full bladder in order to get images4d gender reveal10-15 minute 2/3/4 hd sessionour 3d ultrasound lets you experience a dimensional view of your baby in color, with gender determination. 8 color images and usb drive with all of the images taken during the session.**the best time to clearly see those chubby cheeks is 29 to 32 weeks.third trimester 4d15-20 minute 2/3/4 hd sessionoffering the most realistic images possible of your baby in 3d color. the 4d allows you to see their movements inside the womb.8 color images  included the video with all images taken all stored on usb drive**3d/4d hd appointments – we ask moms to drink double their water intake 5 days prior to your 3d/4d experience. to get a good 3d/4d hd picture, our waves need to travel through fluid. more fluid in front of baby’s face means a better quality picture. a well hydrated system in mommy will help get the best pictures of your little one!book your personalized experience today!book an experiencehave questions?call us today: (760) 744-3733about the ultrasound experience4d ultrasound facilities are not created equally!we named our business “the ultrasound experience,” because delivering high quality experiences is our primary goal when you retain our services. here, it is all about you, your family and your first incredible encounter with your unborn child.we provide a spacious and comfortable family theater environment with high resolution monitors and a memorable 100-inch view screen!our amazing sonographer has been specializing in gender determination and the art of 4d ultrasound imaging for over 29 years.we welcome you to invite family members and closest friends to enjoy this once in a lifetime event with you!check out ultrasound experience packageswhat our customers say about us“we have shown everyone our video and i have told all my pregnant friends that they have to come get one done when they are far enough along. my doctor loved seeing the photos too, and she has them posted in her office.”jenn g.“what a rush it was to put a face, not to mention all of her other adorable parts, to this little life growing inside of me! and what an opportunity for my husband to further his experience thus far with our baby…to count her little fingers and toes, to watch as she turns and kicks and punches! i would recommend the 3d-4d ultrasound experience to anyone who will listen.”jessica s.“the experience with the 3d/4d sonogram was incredible and i would recommend it to everyone. seeing our baby up close and personal was an incredible experience and one that we will never forget! you were so patient and incredibly nice and made us feel so comfortable. thanks for having us back to capture the pictures and video that we will treasure forever.”wally and staci b.name * e-mail * subject * message *this site is protected by recaptcha and the google privacy policy and terms of service apply.this contact form is deactivated because you refused to accept google recaptcha service which is necessary to validate any messages sent by the form.contact uswe offer the finest 4d prenatal experience available. combining cutting-edge technology with a family theater environment, we bring incredible images of your unborn baby to life! book your ultrasound experience today!(760) 744-3733910 w san marcos blvd #111 san marcos, ca 92078book an experienceour office hoursmon-fri: 9:00-7:00
sat: 9:00-4:00
sun: 10:00-2:00
the ultrasound experience910 w. san marcos blvd.ste 111san marcos, ca 92078(760) 744-3733
accessibility statement
© copyright - ultrasound experience | developed & maintained by webvillage.marketing scroll to top         



