

electronics plus - hard to find parts and accessories, available and ready to ship!








 
     open monday through saturday 9 am to 4 pm pst. 823 fourth street, san rafael, ca 94901.  call us at (415) 457-0466. 
< >
    
search by part number 







search by keyword  








home
products 
              list: a to z
foreign travel
              central
relics and treasures
contact us
about us
shipping 
              and returns 















 






products: a to z

















































































 




welcome 
                    to your electronic parts candy store! 





free shipping coupon now available on most orders over $25!



coupon applicable for use within the usa including alaska and hawaii. please use coupon code freeship when checking out. exclusions: 500 foot and 1000 foot rolls of wire; flammable and/or hazardous chemicals; and any order in excess of 15 pounds combined weight. coupon also does not apply to: international orders, oversize, truck or expedited shipping charges. void where prohibited by law.




quantity discount pricing



we now offer discount pricing on many electronic components when purchased in quantity. please contact us to request a quantity discount quote via email on any part(s) which are of interest to you.



photos of our products are now available! 



you'll find pictures for 99% of the items listed on our website. just click onto the camera icon (as pictured above) located to the left of the price for each item you are interested in viewing.



foreign travel central



everything you need for foreign travel is available from us.  we stock all the foreign power transformers, foreign plug adaptors, and telephone adaptors you will need to convert your laptop, telephone, toothbrush, hairdryer, shaver, rice cooker, small appliances, etc.  most every electronic device you have  will now be ready to function once you reach your destination.



tell a friend



 most of our customers are looking for parts and accessories that you just won't find at the giant electronic stores. now you can let your  friends, family, 
                    and co-workers know where they too can find those hard-to-find parts they need.



 
                    online ordering  



we've added a shopping cart to make online ordering 
                    safe, secure, and convenient. simply click on the shopping 
                    cart icon (as pictured above) located next to the price of the items you would 
                    like to purchase and they will be added to your cart.

we accept all major credit cards and most company purchase orders as well as cashiers checks or money orders.





 products list: a to z




 a comprehensive and complete alphabetically arranged list of every product we carry. 
                      clicking on any product name brings you to that portion of our database 
                      where the product is listed. 



search by keyword or part number!



we make it easy to find what you need! use the search box at the top of the page in the upper right-hand corner to search by part number. use the search box underneath it to search by keyword.




                  check back with us often. we continually update our product 
                  inventory to reflect the evolving electronics industry. 
                  and remember, if you need help, please call 
                  or email 
                  us.



                    thank you for visiting
electronicplus.com!








 




© 2010, electronics plus, inc. 

contact 
            | home





