
















tales from beneath the sheets





































































tales from beneath the sheets






























































































friday, 3 june 2016








parenting advice that anyone can easily follow






parenting is one of the toughest jobs there is, and the training is on the fly. if you are looking for information to help make you the best parent you can be, take time to read the following article. supplement your intuition with a solid foundation of knowledge, and you will be well on your way to becoming a better parent.



in order to be a good parent, you must not watch every single thing that your child does. this will smother them and only push them further away. if you give them some freedom, they will in turn put more truth into how they are feeling and how they are living their life. this way, the children are less likely to rebel.

in order for your teenagers to get along with you, trust is very important. if you try to accuse your teen of things that they may in fact be doing, it is only going to make your relationship worse. you must trust them; in turn they will respect and have such a great relationship with you that they wouldn't want to do anything to disappoint you.

be sure to start teaching children that they can count on you from an early age. when they are young they will naturally trust you, but as they grow into teenagers you want them to think of you as a respected ally, not a feared dictator. it is better to get them to understand things than to demand their obedience.

a great parenting tip is to discuss with them all the dangers of taking drugs. though they might not listen to you in the end, it'll still be important to them that they hear it from you. by offering your honest insight, they might remember your words and act accordingly.

use your smart phone to soothe your baby with noise. you can download a white noise application and then place the phone near your child. this is particularly useful if you are going for a walk or if your child is riding in the car. you do not have to use white noise; there are a wide range of other calming sounds available.

read to your child often. reading benefits your child in countless ways. aside from the obvious entertainment value a child receives from hearing a wonderful story, studies show that from a very early age, a child's vocabulary is boosted by leaps and bounds simply from hearing words being read to him. this helps to increase his success in school and in communication with others throughout his lifetime.

when trying to get your kids to eat their food while they are being stubborn, it is very important to try and make the process fun for them. they don't yet understand the great tastes and necessities of eating, so the only thing you as a parent can rely on, is that they have fun!

a great parenting tip is to hire a babysitter to look after your child when you're at work. you don't want to leave your child home alone, especially if they're very young. hiring a babysitter can be a good way to keep your child safe and looked after.

of course you want to bundle your little one up all toasty-warm in the winter, but be careful not to over-heat her. as parents, we tend to want to layer our kids to death every time they step out into the cold weather. keep in mind how warm you would be, stuck in a car seat in long-johns, sweatpants, and a snowsuit. although this may be proper attire for sledding, it might be a bit much for a ride to grandmas in the heated car.

if your child has a hard time settling down for bed, try white noise. you can use a dedicated white noise machine, a radio tuned to static, or even apps from your mp3 player or cell phone to create soothing background noise. playing a relaxing song or cd on loop can also put your child to sleep.

your child will more readily try new foods if you include him in the preparation. ask your child if he would like to help prepare dinner sometime. he can tear lettuce for a salad, stir pancake batter or whatever tasks are age-appropriate. children feel a sense of pride when they're allowed to participate in meal-preparation. and, they almost never turn down the chance to sample their creations!



if your child starts having accidents at night after being potty-trained for a long time you may want to take them to their doctor. most children begin having accidents after something has happened to them. a doctor will be able to evaluate them and possibly figure out what is happening.

going back to the basics is sometimes an important thing to do with your child, no matter how boring it might seem to them. by ignoring today's technology and fast pace you will give your child lifelong immeasurable skills. some things that you can do with your child include sewing, camping, hiking and building. these are all activities that will teach your child basic skills that can be carried with them throughout their lifetime.

an easy way to build a good relationship with your child is to appreciate the simple things that he does. this can be done by displaying his or her artwork (such as schoolwork) on prominent places such as refrigerator doors. this will make the child feel wanted and appreciated at the same time.

when parenting it is important that you and your partner support each other whether you are together or not. you can always disagree in private but in front of your child it is vital to present a united front on all decisions being made. this way your child is not tempted to play one parent off against another to get their own way.

parenting is a lot more than just taking it day by day. use the information presented in this article to develop new strategies and techniques that will allow you to become a better parent.


















email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest















monday, 23 may 2016








kids bean bag chairs






a comfortable place to relax and play is essential for every child.  bean bags are popular cushions that have been around for decades but are still loved by kids (and adults!) of all ages.  a bean bag chair is a perfect addition to any child's bedroom or playroom.





an adult sized bean bag chair may be too large for the average child, but fortunately, there are kids bean bag chairs available that are sized especially for children.  these smaller cushions are made with kid-safe materials and often come with a removable zippered cover that makes it easy to keep the chair clean.  anyone with children knows it is essential for anything kids touch to be easy to clean! get further info by clicking here.

bean bag chairs are lightweight, and perfect for kids to use for reading, watching movies, doing homework, or just "vegging out".  since they are easy to move, they are versatile for use around the house and even outside on the porch!  chairs are available in virtually any color, design, or pattern imaginable.


















email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest















thursday, 19 may 2016








helpful ideas when shopping for fun and educational toys







do you want to get the optimal toy for your child? while it can be stressful, it doesn't have to be. continue reading to learn how to simplify the toy buying process.





want a toy that really engages your child? look to toys that really challenge the senses. there are all sorts of multi-sensory toys on the market that play with sound, movement, and even scents. they truly give your child a lot to engage with all in one toy. this can mean a lot less purchases for you!



be careful of toys that you buy from the dollar stores. even though they are very cheap, the quality of materials is usually inferior. sometimes the materials, especially plastics, may even contain toxic chemicals. invest a little more on high quality toys so you can be sure that they are completely safe.



if you're shopping for toys for the holidays, buy them as early as you can. the earlier the better. as the season wears on, prices for the hottest toys trend more to premium buys. there are few discounts to be found. some of the best discounts actually happen after the holiday season, so shopping after christmas for the next year can be a smart strategy.



if you are looking for educational toys for a child, stick with the classic. building blocks, shape sorters, and stackable "donuts" have been around for decades and for a good reason--they help children use their planning skills. while there may be many newer educational toys, these tend to work best.



if your child is using a toy a lot, be sure to give the toy random spot checks for any sign of breaking. toys break. it's as simple as that. and if you see a break starting to occur, you can save yourself a potential accident by replacing it before it occurs.



take your children along when shopping for their toys. unless you already know what they want, guessing at which toys they will enjoy will be hit and miss. this will ensure they get something they are sure to enjoy. additionally, it ensures you're not wasting your money on any toys that won't be used.



try purchasing toys that will still be fun for your child for quite a bit of time. children can be quite fickle, so what they like today may not interest them tomorrow. buying toys that they will like as they age will help you sve money on a lot of unnecessary items.



if any toy you purchase for your child operates by batteries, be sure to remove them when your child is playing with it. you would be surprised at how easy it is for a child to take a battery out of a toy on bite or chew it. never even give them a chance to do this.



never hang any toys that have cords, ribbons or any kind of string in a playpen or crib. young kids can get entangled which can cause harm or death. also, discard all the plastic wrapping the toy comes in as soon as possible since children can play with it and get injured.



kids love to create. arts and crafts are among their favorite things to do. it is important that you let them have independence in how they create. if you are concerned about messes, just make sure to protect the table surface with a disposable tablecloth and the floor with a tarp.



there are a few simple things to keep in mind when selecting a toy for your child. ask yourself if the toy is safe first and foremost. then try to imagine how your child will interact with the toy. ask whether or not it will help develop their motor skills or creativity to determine if the toy is a worthwhile purchase.





do not feel bad if you do not have a lot of money to spend on toys for your child. you can always take regular household items and use them to keep your children entertained. pot and pans can double as a drum set while old clothes can be used to play dress up. be creative and your child will not notice the lack of funds.



no matter the age of your children, adult supervision should be around when playing with toys. toys often break or single pieces become dislodged. without adult supervision, these moments can turn into serious problems for kids. they may see the pieces as fun chew toys, and this can lead to choking or other internal issues.



establish a budget before logging onto an online store and making a purchase. since toys online tend to be on the less expensive side, it is easy to buy much more than you intended to. by setting a budget ahead of time, you will avoid running into any unexpected financial surprises.



toy quality is of utmost importance. if you get a great deal on a toy and it easily breaks, it's not such a good deal anymore. so be sure to check out the overall quality and balance that with price considerations. sometimes, the price is low because the toy's quality is poor and won't last long.



when you have tips that are helpful, it's easy to buy toys. those who haven't read this article as you have will surely be at a disadvantage. with the tips you have read here, you can make sure that you have a successful trip to the toy store.



















email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest















tuesday, 17 may 2016








the excellent conference centers chicago has to offer









there are various facilities that you can use when you are having meetings and functions, however the most convenient are conference centers. the conference centers chicago has to offer are professional and centrally located. these venues are also retreat centers that people come to when they need to get closer to god and their spirit man. it is a place of prayer, meditations and quiet reflection on one's life and life's purpose. when it is not used for these purposes it is hired out to religious and other groups to hold their meetings and so on. there are various rooms available in various sizes. so you can either choose to bring a small or large crowd of people depending on what is available to hire out. there are basic facilities available to keep guests comfortable and fresh throughout their stay and you may even opt to have your guests stay over night of it suits your taste and your budget. the conference centers chicago has to offer are convenient and professional.


















email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest















saturday, 14 may 2016







tips you should read if you plan on homeschooling






it does not take an advanced degree to be a great teacher to your children. you should use a combination of basic skills and things you have learned throughout your life. if you hit any bumps in the road and are not sure what to do next, use the tips here to help you get back on the right track.

a strict homeschool schedule is a top priority. each sunday, take the time to plan the week's lessons, excursions and meals. it is important to begin each school day with a structured plan that your child can get used to following. they will learn easier and be more productive when they know each day's expectations.

understand what your local school board offers in the way of resources for homeschooling. often you will find that your school board will reimburse you for educational supplies and field trips. do your research and understand what is expected on your part as far as receipts, fees and the extent of reimbursement.

remember that when you are homeschooling you do not need to follow a classroom set up. the learning environment can be a lot more flexible, and you can tailor it to fit you and the child's needs. if your child has a hard time rising in the morning, instead of trying to teach them, chemistry at 7am, start their classes a little later in the morning or later in the afternoon.

to help your student learn even the most complex concepts, it helps to understand what he/she finds most interesting. it is much easier to engage a student who has taken an active interest in the subject at hand. as the teacher, you have the responsibility for maintaining structure but this does not mean your pupil can't determine the direction as well. seeking your student's input ups the ante and facilitates active learning.

as you are beginning your school year, start out slowly. you can introduce a single subject the first week, and then add another the week after. slowly build up to the full daily schedule so you and your children do not become overwhelmed. there will be plenty of time to get through the workload throughout the school year.

while many modern homeschooling programs come with a recommended schedule, be sure to check your state regulations before planning your curriculum. many states require that homeschooled children learn on the same 40-week schedule as their public school counterparts. in states without such regulations, you will have more flexibility in planning the schedule.

get in touch with your local schools. it may be possible for your child to enroll part-time for certain enrichment classes, such as art or music. they may be willing to rent textbooks to your family. your child may also be able to play on their sports teams. reach out to the administration and see what resources they can offer.

if the only reason that you do not want to home school your children is because you are scared they will not get the socialization they need, know that you can work around this. you may be able to find groups in your area that allow children who are home schooled to get together and play. if your area does not have this, you can always bring them to the park or have them join a sport to meet and play with other kids.

if you home school your children, pre-plan meals. simple things, such as cooking in bulk on the weekends, can help to make meal times during the week easier. preparing meals ahead of time will make it easier to focus on school instead of trying to figure out what to make for lunch or dinner. adjust your cooking plan to suit your particular schedule.

don't get so immersed in homeschooling that you forget about other members of your family. you need to spend time with the important people in your life. prove that they are important by designating certain times of day just for them. when you spent time daily, your relationship will grow.

truly become introspective about whether you can teach your kids at home or not. sit down and discuss homeschooling with your child to make sure it is going to work for the two of you.

remember why you wanted to start homeschooling. be prepared for some struggles, frustration, and days that just don't work out well. keep in mind why you chose to do this. it could be anything from being faith-related to wanting to be more involved with your child's education. whatever your reasons, keep them in mind when you run into a tough day.

when you are homeschooling your children you should always take the time out to read to them. you can read books that have some relavance to every subject you are teaching them. there are so many books out there you can see just how many you can read together in a school year.

when homeschooling, make sure everybody reads. try making family trips to the library as part of the curriculum. you can require everyone to check out a book, even you and your significant other. when kids see their parent's reading, they are sure to follow their lead. older kids can read aloud, or you can read to the kids yourself.

most people think that it is simple to teach their children at home. this is not something that is easy at all. it will take a lot of hard work and patience on the part of you and your child. hopefully the information above will help you along the way.


















email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest















thursday, 12 may 2016








grand cayman: signs of a good condo complex






holidays at the grand cayman attract the rich and the famous. there are plenty of perks for companies here, after all, so it's the perfect place to mix business with pleasure. before anything else, however, one must be able to find a good place to stay in the islands. there are plenty of rooms for guests but some are better than others so it is never a bad idea to do some research. most will opt for a suite in one of those 5-star hotels but others might prefer a different type of unit. for the latter, here are a few tips on finding a nice condo complex:



beachfront view

if you are going to the caribbean, then you are probably expecting to spend time on the beach. make sure that water is accessible from your place so that you don't have to travel far just to be able to swim or take in the view. there are plenty of condominiums that offer rooms with gorgeous beachfront views. these are usually in high demand so act quickly to reserve your preferred unit. you will be thankful that you didn't delay the booking once you arrive and see things for yourself. as detailed as they are, even high resolution images don't do justice to the beauty of the island.

spacious units

nobody wants to stay in a cramped room, especially if you are staying with a number of friends and family members. everyone should be able to sleep comfortably in their own quarters. suites are excellent for this as they feature a few rooms connected by a common living space. take for instance the 2 bedroom condo grand cayman visitors often ask for. this is great for a small family as the adults can occupy the master bedroom while the kids stay in the other. if you get a 3 bedroom unit then you have even more space to spread around.

excellent amenities



a lot of condos offer simple yet vital amenities to their guests. a good example would be a private pool that may be situated inside or outside the condo itself. this provides people with a safe alternative in case the weather is bad and open water swimming is not advisable. families can lounge around the pool deck while eating an afternoon snack. they could also spend the morning at one of the thatched huts spread across the complex while looking out at the beach. enjoy the peace and quiet afforded by island life. if you want more info, then visit this webpage.

convenient location

finally, make it a point to check into a condo that is situated at a convenient location. the definition of convenient will be different depending on a person's priorities. if open water is an absolute must, then the seven mile is the place to go. this stretch is home to numerous condos so there shouldn't be a problem finding suitable candidates. it should also be near restaurants, retail stores, tour operators, and other necessities. down south is excellent because of its proximity to the capital but up north may be preferable for those who like peace and quiet.


















email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest















monday, 9 may 2016








dangers of chemical cleaners and benefits of natural cleaners







pay attention to the type of cleaning products you use at home. most cleaning products contain toxic and harmful substances that are dangerous for the health of human beings and animals. effects of these harmful chemicals are not noticeable immediately because it builds up over a long time. if you continue using such harmful substances to clean your home, you will start experiencing health issues later. there are several benefits of using natural cleaners in your home.







healthy indoor environment

all types of surfaces after cleaning may look clean and attractive without any traces of chemicals. however, if you test these surfaces closely and scientifically, you will learn that there are many toxic substances still present there hours after the cleaning is over. the human skin has micro pores through which these substances can enter easily inside the body. whenever you place your hand or any open body part on these surfaces, you are at risks of harmful effects of these toxic substances. these substances affect not only through touch but also smell and oral intake. you will suffer serious health issues if you continue using such harmful cleaning chemicals. it is time to say goodbye to chemical cleaners and start using natural cleaners. you will have healthy indoor environment in your home. get detailed information here.



better health effects

there are many health issues that are exacerbated by the presence of toxic chemicals. individuals suffering from asthma experience severe bouts of coughing when faced with polluted air. babies, kids and old persons are prone to health problems caused by polluted environment. they need healthy environment where they can breathe safely. they must avoid coming in contact with chemical laced surfaces. eliminate chemical pollution inside your home by using natural cleaners.



better for climate

green cleaning products are made with natural ingredients. these products are made using eco-friendly techniques. when you throw a chemical laced carton or box, it may seem a small waste item. however, when you calculate all the cartons, boxes and packages being thrown into the garbage bins by people all over the country, you realize the enormity of the problem. every bit counts. take the first step yourself and start using natural cleaners. it is good not only for your personal health in your home but also for overall healthy environment for everyone in the society.







safe products

it is dangerous to keep toxic substances in homes where children live. kids are playful and start using products that they must not touch or use. it is better not to keep toxic chemical cleaners at home in the first place. there are serious risks of children suffering harsh effects of chemical cleaning agents due to accidental use. eliminate such risks by using safer natural cleaning products for green house cleaning.



save money

it may seem chemical products are cheaper and natural products are expensive. however, if you search around, you will find there are many cheap yet effective natural cleaning products. when you take into account months and years of using such products, you will realize how much money you will be able to save in the long term. natural and safe products are good not only for your health but also for savings.



natural cleaners are available for all types of requirements. whether you want to clean floors, tiles, appliances, homewares or clothes, you will find natural cleaning products for every need.



















email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest

















older posts

home




subscribe to:
posts (atom)










































picture window theme. powered by blogger.
























