



pet id tags | dog tags for pets | dog and cat tags























 











pet id tag home
                    



engraved dog and cat id tags
                    



stainless steel dog tag for pets



military dog tags for people
                    



vintage military dog tag



custom military key tags
                    



large quantity bulk dog tag



engraved dog tag



spare parts and accessories
                    



view shopping cart/checkout




 







satisfaction
                    guaranteed!

 our goal is a happy and
                    satisfied dog pet tag customer! for


		    years  on the internet
                    your dog tags have been
                    our only business...
                    that's all we sell. 






pettagsonline will provide you with the best prices, highest quality, fast delivery, and the easiest way to order pet identification tags for dog and cat id on the internet.

 





pet id tags
engraved dog and cat tags





from 
                        
$4.95






 pettagsonline offers heavy duty metal pet dog tags that are anodized on all surfaces (including the edges and attachment hole), for longer life. 
                      our dog tags for dog and cat are 20% thicker and much stronger than those cheap imports, and every dog identification tag is shipped with an industrial grade split ring.


 quantity discount: get $1.00 off each dog tag pet tag .... if you order two or more identical copies!

dog id tags complete with the following lightweight high quality components :


(1) anodized aluminum pet dog tag in your choice of 5 colors.
 free  engraved pet name  
                          (free 2nd side printing).
                      

(1) galvanized dogs tag split-ring (used to attach to pet collar or leash).
                      

          view available dog tag for pets c o l o r s  

free shipping on total order over $50.00 (united states only)
                    
special edition - gold dog tags for dog and cat id



gold plated pet id tags
  these gold dog tags for pets are made for the most discriminating of pets (and owners) this gold pet id tag is personalized with your pet's name and information.
  
  the ultimate pampered dog and cat identification accessory- gold dog tags!
  
gold dog tags
only $12.95





 
don't lose your best dog and cat friends!

 
the statistics on lost dogs and cats are astounding: 




there are approximately 60 million dogs and 65 million
                          cats in the u.s.
                      

more than 8-10,000,000 of these animals enter u.s.
                         pet shelters every year.
                      

out of every 100 dogs in shelters only 17 are ever
                          reunited with their owners.     -detroit
                          free press 2/17/2012


  
                      just think of the peace of mind knowing that your lost dog and cat's identification is always available on your pet dog and cat tags.
                      most dog and cats are lost in the neighborhood so your dog or cat identification tags can easily be used to reunite you with your pets.
                      remember, pet microchips only work if you have a pet microchip reader available.
                      for added protection, and to prevent rattling, you can silicone glue your city or local government dog tags for dogs back to back  with your new dog tags pet id.
                      these tags for dogs make a great pet gift, are made to last forever, and will probably be the only dog tags for pets you will ever need. 

                       
                      identification dog tags make an excellent fundraiser for rescue groups, breed groups, and humane societies. we offer many styles and colors of engraved, stamped, and embossed custom dogs tags identification to meet all your needs. 

                    you can also add a little bling to your cat and dog collar with a gold dog tag.
 related pet and dogtag products - click to begin shopping




army pet dogtag for dogs
 (1) stainless steel or brass dogtag.
                            (1) galvanized "s"-hook.
                            (1) rubber pet dog tag dog silencer in your choice of colors.

price: $3.49 


 



real military dog tags
 (2) stainless steel military dog tags
                            (1)  24" stainless steel beaded dog tag neck chain
                            (1)  4" stainless steel beaded short chain
                            (2) rubber dog tag silencers

price: $6.99 


 





 large wholesale bulk orders of military dogtags
 large bulk orders of engraved dogtags




 



engraved dogtags
 (1) colored aluminum dog tag with customized text and logo
                              (1) 24" stainless steel dogtag chain
                              (1) rubber dog tag silencer
  
starting at $2.50 


 



vintage wwii dogtags
 (2) stainless dog tags with free stamping
                              (1) 24" stainless steel dog tag chain
                              (1) 4" stainless steel short chain
                              (2) rubber dog tag silencers
  
price: $7.99 


 



military dog tag keytags
 (1) stainless steel embossed dog tag
                              (1) your choice of connecting hardware


from $3.19 



orders are generally filled 
                      within 2 business days of receipt of payment and returned to you by u.s. mail.







 

                            if you have any questions or suggestions, please feel free to contact us. 








 


 














pet tags online

    
      
        follow @pettagsonline

the following payment methods are all available at our shopping cart checkout:

 you can pay by  using our secure server. 


 you can pay by mail or fax. 


 we also accept  at checkout. 





home | faq | privacy policy | terms and conditions | comments | links | add url | site map




		tag'em llc copyright© 2007, rev. 4/2017 pet-tags-online.com
          





