











home      current siberians      past siberians      bred by      news      litters      links      contact


traxx siberian huskies
siberian husky show kennel / breeder - knoxville, tennessee
we are a small siberian husky breeder and show kennel located in the beautiful smoky mountains of knoxville, tennessee. originally located in st. petersburg, fl, our kennel was established in 1991. we are members of the siberian husky club of america (since 1998), the siberian husky club of middle tennessee and the tennessee valley kennel club. 
our mission - beauty in function 
beauty in function can be defined as: any shape that is created for its basic functions has its own beauty, and brings even more enjoyment to your life. the power of wisdom and skills carried over from the past and gained in the future - this is yo no bi in japanese, also translated as: the beauty in practicality. this develops with each new generation.
one can relate this to siberian huskies this way: the breed was developed to perform a task - carry a moderate load over long distances in a harsh climate, and that function produced a beautiful breed of dog - the siberian husky. we believe in continuing that tradition of correct, beautiful dogs - excelling with each new generation.




how does this apply to traxx siberian huskies?
the "perfect siberian husky" (commonly misspelled as siberian huskey or huskeys) is impossible for anyone to breed. as an ethical siberian husky breeder in tennessee , our goal is to adhere to strict ethical guidelines, remember the original function of the breed, research historical accounts, and study the akc standard to assist us in planning every litter of puppies. we strive to breed the best possible puppy: in structure, function, beauty, and temperament. continual learning is key to understanding where the siberian husky came from and seeing where the breed is going. all of our dogs are screened for hereditary eye and hip defects and are registered with ofa (orthopedic foundation for animals), cerf (canine eye registry foundation) and/or shor (siberian husky ophthalmic registry). we also now test for spsn1 (siberian husky shaking puppy syndrome) and shpn1 (siberian husky polyneuropathy). these genetic defects have recently been identified and are recommended tests by the siberian husky club of america. 






we keep very few adult siberian huskies, as we feel that each one deserves their share of our attention - training, socialization, grooming, and (of course), hugs, kisses, belly rubs, etc. we breed very infrequently - usually only to obtain a new show puppy for ourselves. older dogs and pet puppies are occasionally available for sale from those litters to select homes.  
contact traxx siberian huskies
please feel free to contact us via email or via the phone number, below. we will be happy to speak to you about adding a siberian husky to your family. if you already have a siberian husky, and wish to gain more knowledge, from a reputable siberian husky breeder with over 30+ years of experience, about your beloved pet, and/or conformation showing, drop us a note or call. we try to respond to every email and/or call in a reasonable time frame. 
best in specialty show shc middle tennessee, april 28, 2013

biss ch. trillium blue's naniloa at traxx - "nani"


© copyright 1991-2025 traxx siberians :: all rights reserved
website design by illuminations web services
 


