








bigjohnspropstudio












â  â welcomeâ to moviepropcreations.comâ  â  â  â home of â big john's prop studio !â â â big john's prop studio is located in phoenix arizona and is home to "big john" and his loving wife "lori" who are both avid prop builders. â all kinds of magic takes place in the studio, its a place where fantasy is alive and dreams come true!â if you can imagine it we can build it! â  we build unique props and stage scenery for movie's, tv commercials, trade shows, exibits, confreneces, stage, television sets, store display, showroom displays, comic-conn and theme events. â your design or our design, it makes no difference to the quality of service and constuction applied by big john's prop studio. â email with questions and requests.click the golden idol â here to view my indiana jones original movie prop page!!click on freddy to view myâ h.r. pufnstuf fan made page!!!!full of great pufnstuf pics from the movie,television â show, memorabilia & collectables.thisâ page was built by big johns prop studio and is in no way affiliated or related to or with lucas film, ltd. or sid & marty kroft or time warner . â indiana jones is a copyrighted trademark of lucasfilms, ltd. freddy the flute is a copyrighted trade mark of sid & marty kroft. â all the replicas featured on this site are fan made works of art produced by different artist know as big johns prop studio and are not licensed by lucasfilms, ltd. or sid & marty kroft, or time warner. â they are featured here on this site as a source of information only for fans. â all the images and photographs featuring original props from films are copyrighted by lucasfilms, ltd. and sid & marty kroft.â â most of the fan made prop replicas are from movie and tv shows that are favorites of the crafters. â we â  create props on request !! â please enjoy our web page and feel free to contact us if you have any questions or requests.: â  â  â â â â â all the prop replicas displayed on this page and hundreds more are all hand made in big john's prop studio!buffy vampireslayer skythewonder woman sword 2017 for comic-conauquaman trition 2018 for comic-confree shipping!$350.00$295.00free shipping!$399.00free shipping!bigjohnspropstudio@yahoo.com$199.00free shipping!xmen shark lighter$129.00indiana jones voodoo dollindiana jones bull whip w/ leather strap$29.00free shipping!$259.00free shipping!free shipping!e.t. mask bust â don post castingindiana jones tabletâ $299.00free shipping!$139.00free shipping!indiana jones antidote$39.00free shipping!movie prop replica's for saletrade showsâ  props made to ordercomic-com costumes and assessories. booth displays.$169.00free shipping!stage setsstage setsconventionsphoenix convention centermgm grand hotel convention centercomiconlarry, flutes are available!

website designed at homestead™ get a website and list your business










