







coleman county government












coleman county, texas








skip navigation
























coleman county texas








home
contact us
translate





go























quicklinks







toggle main menu visibility
menu


home


elections

sample ballots


coleman county elections


election public notices


early voting information


election day information


voting by mail


fpca


election training and educational resources


results from prior elections


voter registration information


candidate information




commissioners court


commissioners court


agendas


minutes




criminal and civil trial courts


district court


district court judge


district clerk


district attorney




county court


county court docket


county court 


county attorney


county clerk




justice court


courthouse security




law enforcement


texas dps

game warden


sheriff


notice of estray




constable

cclec jail inmate custody list

tdcj inmate lookup

tx sex offender registry




county offices


county clerk


notice of foreclosure and trustee sales



elections


county treasurer


county assessor/collector


county auditor




veteran services


financial transparency


utility reports


treasurer reports


budgets


tax rate


coleman county general 2021


coleman county road & bridge 2021




notice about 2021 tax rates




public notices and meeting agendas


public notices


county news


estray notices




holiday schedule


employment opportunities


job openings




contact us

notices of foreclosure and trustee sales















useful links
▲






cooperative extension office
coleman today
city of coleman
santa anna
veteran services
guide to securing homes
guide to medicaid in texas

 














































































upcoming county holiday's
all county offices will be closed on the following days:
 monday, january 20, 2025 - mlk jr. holiday
monday, february 17, 2025, presidents day holiday
please check with each office to confirm any other holiday closures. 






























any closings or delays will be posted here. 
thank you.















tax rate
coleman county adopted a tax rate that will raise more taxes for maintenance and operation than last year's tax rate.
the tax rate will be raised by 2.26 percent and will raise taxes for maintenance and operations on a $100,000 home by approximately $17.80.
 


sesquicentennial resolution

coleman county treasurer's office 
(325) 625-4221





disaster declarations
may 2019 click here
march 2020 click here







public information [open records] requests
requests for access to or copies of county government public records should be made in writing directly to the department that has custody of the records. in county government, each elected official is the public information administrator of his department. no department has control, possession or authority over the records of any other department. a request made to the wrong department can cause unnecessary delay. the department that received a request for records in another department has no duty to forward the request to the correct department.   for additional information concerning public information act requests go to the attorney general's website at this link: 

 http://www.oag.state.tx.us/open/requestors.shtml.
some records may be excluded from disclosure by law. in some instances costs for copying or retrieving records may be charged.
 
judicial records are not subject to the public information act. some judicial records may be available under rule 12 of the texas judicial administrative rules. some may be open to the public and to copying under the texas constitution or the common law of texas. some may not be open to the public. requests for judicial records should be made to the clerk of the court or to the judge depending on the type of record being sought.

public information request form



















how to find us.

coleman county courthouse
100 w live oak st 
coleman, tx 76834







how to reach us.
please see county directory







google map loading...


















provided by the texas association of counties     duties & responsibilities of county officials












copyright © {{year}} {{county}} {{state}}





powered by
eztasktitanium tm












