














neurology | washington university in st. louis






























































































skip to content
skip to search
skip to footer




washu medicine 




neurology

 open menu




back
close
menu




search for:




search




close search



home
aboutabout

mission
message from the department head
leadership
faculty careers
our culture
diversity, equity, inclusion & belonging
department portals


facultyfaculty

emeritus faculty


sections
patient carepatient care

find a doctor
our approach to care
areas of care
locations


researchresearch

investigators
labs
publications
research centers
clinical trials


educationeducation

adult residency
pediatric residency
fellowships
postdoctoral research opportunities
medical student education
living in st. louis
conferencesconferences

grand rounds


neuroscience glossary


events
news
giving




open search



 

  













make a patient appointment






nih neurology funding



57 top doctors



residency programs


our vision
to lead in transforming and improving the lives of people affected by neurological conditions throughout the lifespan, in st. louis and globally, by providing exceptional patient care, advancing innovative research and delivering outstanding education.


at washu, you belong!
collegiality and collaboration are hallmarks of our institution. here you will be part of a broad community of physicians and scientists determined to help you achieve your goals.



more about our culture




diversity, equity, inclusion & belonging
















bold research
through collaborative science, we’re translating discoveries into clinical solutions.

discover our research














training for an impactful, rewarding career
with strong mentorship and extensive training options, we support you in finding and following your path.

explore training programs









training for an impactful, rewarding career
with strong mentorship and extensive training options, we support you in finding and following your path.

explore training programs

















superb patient care
we provide compassionate, leading-edge care for patients of all ages and genders.

team-based care
thorough diagnosis
clear communication


find a provider
learn more














one of america’s top neurology hospitals
u.s. news & world report has ranked barnes-jewish hospital / washington university school of medicine among america’s best hospitals in neurology and neurosurgery.







looking for a faculty position?
unparalleled research, deep resources and a collegial, collaborative environment make washu a neuroscience utopia.no matter where you are in your career, you’ll thrive here. 

learn about faculty careers








news


study highlights barriers to genetic testing for black children (links to an external site)

february 13, 2025



studies have shown that black children with serious illnesses are less likely than white children to obtain crucial genetic testing necessary to guide treatment decisions, but the reasons for this disparity have not been fully understood. a new study from washington university school of medicine in st. louis focused on children with neurological conditions finds […]
next-gen alzheimer’s drugs extend independent living by months (links to an external site)

february 13, 2025



in the past two years, the food and drug administration has approved two novel alzheimer’s therapies, based on data from clinical trials showing that both drugs slowed the progression of the disease. but while the approvals of lecanemab and donanemab, both antibody therapies that clear plaque-causing amyloid proteins from the brain, were greeted with enthusiasm […]

        view this profile on instagram            washu neurology (@washuneurology) • instagram photos and videos 
washuneurology












washu medicine department of neurologywashu medicinemsc 8111-29-9000660 s. euclid ave.st. louis, mo 63110neurology@wustl.edu

facebook
instagram
linkedin
twitter



 events
intranet
subscribe to newsletter
privacy policy
disclaimer

 


©2025 washington university in st. louis
















