



	controller, nevada state














skip to main content














 search this site
 search all sites


                            ✖ close
                        




nevada state controller andy matthews 







state agencies
state jobs
ada assistance




  home





aboutfinancial reportsannual comprehensive financial report (acfr)popular annual financial report (pafr)permanent school fund (psf)general fund unrestricted revenues reportstate revenues for county feesgasb 77 – tax abatement reportsreceivablescontroller infodebt collectiondebt collectioncontact debt collectionhow to paystate professional and occupational licensee reportingvendor servicesvendor servicesabout vendor servicesvendor services faqsvendor eft requirements faqvendor registration requirementselectronic vendor registrationreport fraudcontact uscontact uspublic records requestcovid-19 informationnevada open finance portal










welcome to the nevada state controller's office nevada state controller - andy matthews annual comprehensive financial reportpopular annual financial report (pafr) permanent school fundcontact uselectronic vendor registrationtransparent nevadanevada open finance portalassociation of government accounts (aga)government financial officers association (gfoa)national association of state auditors, comptrollers and treasurers (nasact)nevada society of certified public accountants (nvcpa)state controller
andy matthews
andy matthews took office as nevada's 23rd state controller on jan. 2, 2023. prior to his election as controller, andy spent his professional career in the public-policy arena as an advocate for fiscal responsibility, individual liberty, and accountable, transparent government. from 2011-2015, andy served as president of the nevada policy research institute, a think tank that promotes market-oriented reforms and solutions to nevada’s public-policy challenges. among the organization’s priority areas during andy’s tenure were the promotion of responsible tax and budgetary policies, choice-based education reforms, and enhanced citizen access to information on government spending. from 2020-2022, andy represented assembly district 37 in the nevada legislature. he served on the assembly committees on government affairs, health and human services, and legislative operations and elections. during the 2021 legislative session, andy introduced several bills designed to increase government efficiency, accountability, and transparency. for his work during the 2021 session, andy was named the policy champion of the year by the nevada chapter of americans for prosperity, and he was the nevada assembly’s recipient of the guardian of small business award from the national federation of independent business. in addition to serving the people of nevada, andy’s passions include travel, the acoustic guitar, exercise, classic movies, baseball, cigars, and studying american and world history. a native of massachusetts and a graduate of boston university, andy has lived in nevada since 2006. he and his wife, valerie, live in las vegas.















executivegovernorlt. governorsecretary of stateattorney generalstate treasurerstate controllerlegislaturelegislature websitenelislegislature meetingsfind your legislatornevada state senatenevada state assemblyalertsamber alertsconsumer affairsweather alerts211- service information511 - road conditions911 - emergency helptext 988 - 24/7 crisis & supporttext 988 suicide & crisis lifelineabout nevadatourism informationeconomic developmentstart a businesssilverflume - business portalfind a jobnevada colleges & universities

















the official state of nevada website | copyright ©2019 state of nevada - all rights reservedprivacy policyada technology accessibility guidelinesweb style standardsada assistancestate ada website


                    version 






