









ceroc videos - modern jive - ceroc, le roc, etc. - videos, classes, events, workshops, holidays, weekends









modern jive resource centre


home |
   where to dance |
   videos |
   holidays/weekends/competitions |
   john sweeney






 
 







welcome to modernjive.com!
what are modern jive, ceroc and leroc?
click on the map to find clubs near you.

























online video classes now free!
























modern jive articles



tension is your enemy
	  - how to improve lead & follow, 
	  turns & spins, complex moves, 
	  and lots more!
the modern jive timeline
 	  - how it all started
"the history"from the "original le roc dance manual"
history of jive part 1:lindy hop to rock 'n' roll
history of jive part 2:ballroom jive & modern jive
music for blues and west coast swing













this site also has lots of links to webs sites all over the world for modern jive and
related dance styles such as swing, lindy hop and rock 'n' roll.  whether
you call it modern jive, ceroc, french jive, lejive, mo'jive, leroc (or le roc), blitz jive, smooth jive,
salsajive, nightclub jive or anything else i hope you find what you need and have a great time!

the small print

lack of time means that i am concentrating more on getting good information on this site than
making it look pretty.  one day when i have lots of time....this is a friendly guide for my fellow dancers, not a professional site.
please accept my apologies for any errors or omissions.all trademarks acknowledged.please note: all details are subject to change - classes and events get moved or cancelled -
always contact the organiser before visiting a new venue!

this is nothing to do with modern jive - but it's a great game:
carcassonne rules.

please send information about organisations, events, or comments
about this site to john sweeney
at john@modernjive.com








modern jive resource centre


home |
   where to dance |
   videos |
   holidays/weekends/competitions |
   john sweeney







