










the shirelles – a fan tribute website





















































scroll top













primary menu home

message board

a welcome message to fans




meet the band
listen, buy, read

where to listen

yt’s most popular clips


where to buy
where to read


discography

biggest hits
the shirelles’ top hits
tracks with most youtube views


about us
contact us
 














the shirelles 
							a fan tribute website 
							 















the shirelles






the shirelles were an all-girl group that rocked the early 60s






all of the band members went to the same high school, passaic high school new jersey, which is where they met each other. they formed the band in 1957 and during one of their rehearsals in the school gym, one of their teachers suggested that they should enter the school talent show. they were interested in the idea and decided to write their own song for the show. that was how their first single i met him on a sunday was created. their performance in the talent show was dazzling and they became instant sensations.  






strong
start





the shirelles kicked off their career at tiara records. their first single was released by tiara but licensed by decca records.



learn more 


baby
it’s you





this song was written by burt bacharach, luther dixon (under the pseudonym barney williams) and mack david.



read more 


bold &
beautiful





those who grew up listening to the music of the shirelles can attest to the beautiful harmonic nature of their vocals.



see more 


mama
said





this song was released in 1961 and instantly charted in the spring. it reached #2 on the r&b charts and #4 on the pop charts. 



hear more 


best-selling albums



        clear filters	                                 the definitive collection     the shirelles: the definitive collection
    5 april, 2016  in photo studio                                  greatest hits     the shirelles greatest hits compilation
    5 april, 2016  in photo studio                                  foolish little girl     the shirelles foolish little girl
    5 april, 2016  in photo studio                                  happy & in love     the shirelles happy and in love
    5 april, 2016  in photo studio                                  to trumpets & strings     the shirelles sing to trumpets & strings
    5 april, 2016  in photo studio                                  the shirelles & king curtis     the shirelles & king curtis give a twist party
    5 april, 2016  in photo studio                                  baby it’s you     this song was written by burt bacharach, luther dixon (under the pseudonym barney williams) and mack david
    5 april, 2016  in photo studio                                  tonight’s the night      tonight’s the night is the song to propel the shirelles back into the spotlight
    5 april, 2016  in photo studio                  see more works 


background







at scepter records, florence greenberg approached experienced songwriter luther dixon to help out with the girls’ music careers. they released hit after hit. 






it went on to reach number 39 in the charts in 1960 and ultimately propelled them to fame. will you love me tomorrow was their first song to hit the top of the charts and among the seven top 20 hits that the shirelles managed to produce.



read more 


destiny







one of their ardent fans at the time was mary greenberg, daughter of florence greenberg. she insisted that the girls should meet her mother who owned her owned music record at the time.






at first the group was reluctant, but eventually, they agreed to do so. they auditioned in the greenbergs’ living room and managed to capture the heart of florence greenberg



learn more


greatest hits all time






baby it’s you






inspirations





the latest inspiration taken from the secret life of missionary boys has been huge. a lot of things can be said about celibacy but these priesthood leaders are taking things to whole new level with initiation methods for these upcoming gay boys who are missionaries.





brattymilf is unique continuation of bratty sis series. this time it’s the moms taking the opportunity to have fun with young guys. thanks to their age of experience and marvelous charms they have no problem luring naive dudes into some sticky situations!





public agent has been known on the web for years. there is a reason it still keeps being updated to this day. there is just too many smoking hot ladies on streets of europe to let them pass without specific offers! watch fake agents in action.





college rules presents the best times in dorms’ times. watch youth having a blast enjoying some music and booze… and some sexual relations that happen on their own. nothing is scripted, everything is fun!






big tit creampie shows you the very best of busty performers ready to receive a creampie or two inside them. yes, those brave women out there are treating guys like kings. and they take total advantage of that!






influences





sis loves me is step sister dedicated website. the fantasy situations happening in houses where step siblings live together. this brand showcases the most sticky actions and with over 200 released episodes it’s already been named a golden standard in the genre. take a look yourself and judge if step sister videos are really your thing.





mixedx is all about lesbian erotica with a storyline. coming from europe you can expect the most beautiful girls engaging in girl on girl love in those real-life fantasy situations. directed by the girl for all girls out there. enjoy free extended cut videos @ https://mixedx.org





sweet sinner features all the best when it comes to taboo aspect of romantic relationships and encounters. watch couples who engage in discovering their inner cravings in this exclusive series. it’s not always about romance, sometimes it’s about both romance and some consensual… filth!





dare dorm is all about this crazy uncontrolled fun taking place in various us dorms. watch girls and guys enjoying some music, some random activities and completely sexual dares they have no option to refuse!





noir male focuses on black men showing their true passion for other males. watch this series dedicated to interracial encounters involving some of the hottest black models on the market!






feedback form





need instant feedback? use the form here to send us your message. we’ll get right back to you as soon as we can.




 










mrmrsmissmsdr




i have read the "general terms of use" and agree with it





 














2017 © copyright the shirelles



































