

 






college of applied human sciences at west virginia university

















 




skip to main content






west virginia university 

              college of applied human sciences
            





apply
visit
request info
give











      open menu
    



about
administration
faculty and staff
division of campus engagement and compliance
emeriti
facilities
accreditation



academics
programs
minors
school of counseling and well-being
school of education
school of sport sciences



future students
campus tour
meet a faculty member
adventure wv
living-learning community
ohio reciprocity agreement



current students
undergraduate resources
graduate resources
international student resources
advising at cahs
internships
graduation
office of student success
online success
scholarships and aid



research and engagement
research office
cahs impact
research week


latest news
alumni and friends

parents
empowering your student
resources
conversation starters



 
toggle search
 










search










search





                      would you like to search this site specifically, or all wvu websites?
                    


search this site



search wvu






















ignite your passion
            
unlock your potential and make a difference in the lives of others.




jump to programs and majors




jump to you at wvu app




jump to upcoming events




jump to latest news
















academic programs and majors
the way we educate in the college of applied human sciences is a complete
            experience – experiential, hands-on, collaborative and immersive. within
            the three schools inside the college of applied human sciences, we offer
            14 undergraduate and 24 graduate programs, including seven at the doctoral
            level.
          





school of counseling and well-being
our programs prepare students who will dedicate their careers to the healthy
            development and functioning of individuals, families, and communities.





school of education
we are preparing the next generation of educators through engaging coursework,
            research endeavors and hands-on experiences.
          





school of sport sciences
you can stay in the game as we provide an array of programs devoted to
            human performance and the sports industry. 















              
              you at wvu
            
mountaineers, make sure you're taking care of yourself! you at wvu is available online,
  24/7 to provide tips and resources on everything from stress and finances, to academics
  and social connection. 

get started











upcoming events





view all cahs events.







latest news







a competitor's mindset drives dobson 
monday, february 10, 2025 

        
            
  addison dobson is eager – eager to learn, eager to talk, eager to do. she smiles
  easily and carries herself with the kind of energy that makes you believe she is
  looking for (and ready for) the next challenge. whether it’s leaving ohio to come
  to west virginia university or jumping into a new sport with no experience, dobson
  is the kind of person who leans in—fully, without hesitation.
          
      
read more: a competitor's mindset drives dobson 





sport management students get inside look at duke’s mayo bowl
tuesday, january 28, 2025 

        
            
wvu sport management students kaitlin beegle, jada kent, abby childers, and charlotte ralph, recently gained real-world event operations experience at the 2025 duke’s mayo bowl in charlotte, n.c. the group worked alongside the tepper sports & entertainment guest experience team at bank of america stadium as virginia tech took on minnesota.
          
      
read more: sport management students get inside look at duke’s mayo bowl





bishop blends data with dedication
monday, january 20, 2025 

        
            
on the surface, forensics science and human performance might seem worlds apart. the former involves meticulously piecing together evidence to solve crimes, while the latter seeks to optimize athletic performance on the field. yet both disciplines share a core principle: the art and science of problem-solving through data. at wvu, troy bishop has found an unexpected yet harmonious bridge between the two.
          
      
read more: bishop blends data with dedication





cahs office of student success welcomes two staff members
thursday, january 16, 2025 

        
            
the college of applied human sciences (cahs) continues to strengthen its student-centered initiatives with the addition of two staff members to its office of student success: courtney pletcher, career development specialist, and rachael conrad, student experience coordinator.
          
      
read more: cahs office of student success welcomes two staff members



view
  all college news.







connect with us






facebook





flickr





flickr





flickr





flickr





twitter





youtube















college of applied human sciences
375 birch street
po box 6115

morgantown, wv 26506-6115
  


(304) 293-5703


cahsinfo@mail.wvu.edu











accreditations
web standards
privacy notice
questions or comments?


          © 2025 west virginia university. wvu is an eeo/affirmative action employer — minority/female/disability/veteran.
          last updated on november 18, 2024.




a-z site index
campus map
wvu careers
wvu directory


give
handshake
wvu alert
wvu today
wvu portal


wvu on facebook
wvu on twitter
wvu on youtube
















