






home | pondlink




























































0shopping cartpondlink distributors
products
about
contact
support

status
trouble shooting


info

concept
privacy
q & a
legal infomation



search





menu



 






lean back and relaxyour automatic pondlink wifi filter will take care of your pond
read morefill up the food container, set a timer, feed your fish!the new user-friendly auto feeder is here. set a timer up to 6 times a day – quick and easy
read moremore pondlink products on the way!please sign up for our newsletter to stay updated with the latest pondlink information
conceptnewspreviousnext123
lean back and relaxyour automatic pondlink wifi filter will take care of your pond!
read morefill up the food container, set a timer, feed your fish!the new user-friendly auto feeder is here. set a timer up to 6 times a day – quick and easy
read moremore pondlink products on the way!please sign up for our newsletter to stay updated with the newest pondlink information
conceptnewspreviousnext123

welcome to pondlink by pondteam international


we selected the name ”pondlink®”  for our new line – as the perfect name supporting different aspects of the series.

the missing link in pond business between traditional manual maintenance and the new smart home and -garden trend – providing affordable automation.
the link between the pond owner and pond.
linking all the necessary products together for successful pond keeping – ensuring great sales for the dealers and easy successful pond keeping for the koi- and pond enthusiast.




see our brand new automatic feeder here


the automatic pondlink fish feeder with digital display is suitable for medium and large ponds. it can be programmed to dispense food into the pond at timed intervals throughout the day. the food is propelled at a 120-degree angle with adjustable distance and amount of time it is dispensed for. control the feeder on a large lcd screen and control panel with touch buttons. read more



want to stay up to date? subscribe to our newsletter!
email * 
   

contact pondteam international ab
mossvägen 17
s 23237 arlöv – sweden
org.no.: 559147-5040

support legal information 
privacy

 
 






© copyright - pondlink 






scroll to top




































