









































































bristow public schools







skip to contentonline gradebookschool calendarcafeteria  menustranscript requestcleverstarsearch sitebristow public schoolslinking learning to lifeonline gradebookschool calendarcafeteria  menustranscript requestcleverstarsearch sitemenumenuschoolstranslatemenuschoolstranslateabout us show submenu for about usabout usboard of educationcareersdocumentsaccountabilitybond issues-capital improvementsstaff directorycareers with bps show submenu for careers with bpscareers with bpscareersschools show submenu for schoolsschoolsquick links for teacherslesson planscounselor's cornerparents show submenu for parentsparentscommunicationpirate alertyear at a glance school calendarlesson plansschool supply listsgradebookcafeteriabell scheduletransportationnurses corner-immunization informationstudent transfersstudent insurancestate testingtitle ix coordinator contactathletics show submenu for athleticsathleticsathleticsathletic department show submenu for athletic departmentbaseballbasketballcheerleadingcross countryfootballgolfsoccersoftballtennistrackwrestlingtitle ix coordinator contactathletic schedulesriley boatwright act sports emergency action planlive football feedprograms show submenu for programsprogramsbristow inspire virtual/blended academybristow academy (alt ed)bristow ag edbristow vocal musicgifted and talentedindian educationspecial servicesbps early childhood programfederal programsfreeland center show submenu for freeland centerfreeland centerfreeland center of the performing artsfacilities use calendarcontact us show submenu for contact uscontact uscontactdirectionsquick links show submenu for quick linksquick linksstaff directoryevents/calendarfacilities use calendarlunch menusonline gradebooklesson plans2024-25 school calendarstudent mental healthstudent mental healthmore show submenu for skip gallerylinking learning to life12345end of galleryboard of educationannual school auditemployment teacher quicklinksspotlightjennifer morgan is edison teacher of the year and our district teacher of the year. she has been a speech-language pathologist at bps for 21 years. she believes  everyone deserves a voice. at the end of the day, if she has helped a student exercise his/her right to communicate, whether verbally or nonverbally, it’s been a good day!edison  & district teacher of the yearmindy aston has taught for 15th year and currently teaches 4th grade reading and ela. she strives to create a classroom community that blends academics and social skills. she believes that building trusting relationships, creating a safe and comfortable learning environment, and providing love and guidance are essential.collins teacher of the yearkim shockley is the ms teacher of the year. this is her 23rd year with bps. she was a classroom teacher for 21 years before moving to the ms to become the library media specialist. kim strives to promote literacy and a love for learning. her greatest joy is when students fill the library asking for books and discussing their interests.ms teacher of the yearjoe mcgovran is our hs teacher of the year. joe believes that to set his students up for success, it is important for them to be able to work together. through agricultural education, students are provided opportunities for leadership development, personal growth and career success. joe hopes to prepare students for successful careers and a lifetime of success.  hs teacher of the yearprogramsinspire virtual/blended academyinspire academy provides an alternative education path allowing students in the 6th-12th grades to complete their coursework virtually.  students in the academy may also attend and participate in ossaa electives on campus while completing their core classes virtually.  bristow ffaffa mission statement: 
ffa makes a positive difference in the lives of students by developing their potential for premier leadership, personal growth and career success through agricultural education.
ffa motto :
learning to do.
doing to learn.
earning to live.
living to serve. bristow alt. ed programbristow public schools offers a self-paced educational path for at-risk students in the  7th-12th grades.  the program is taught by a certified instructor and is for  youth who's present or predictable status (economic, social-cultural, academic, and/or health) indicates that they might fail to successfully complete their secondary education and acquire basic life skills necessary for higher education, vocational education and/or employment.bristow athleticsbristow public schools provides multiple athletic opportunities for all students. all of our sports are sanctioned by the oklahoma secondary schools activity association. school sponsored sports begin on a limited basis in the seventh grade. as students enter high school, we have multiple opportunities for students to participate in sports.  
artbristow art provides students an opportunity to create a portfolio filled with artwork using a variety of art media.  throughout the year students will become familiar with the artwork of many famous artists and they will gain an art vocabulary.  they will have chances to have their artwork displayed and be entered into art contests if they choose. bristow vocal music programbristow’s vocal music program provides opportunities for developing vocal abilities in grades six through twelve.  the goal of our program is to provide students with the skills to strengthen their vocal abilities and health for performance, develop an appreciation for music, and find an outlet for expression.  our hope is that each student will find a lifelong love of music.  kindergarten through 5th grades enjoy music as one of their weekly activities.  
bristow band programthe bristow high school and middle school bands have a tradition of excellence, and the program is well known throughout the state of oklahoma. the bands have earned numerous ossaa awards in marching as well as in concert contests and have consistently been finalists in marching contest across the state. the bristow band program serves bristow, oklahoma, by performing at athletic events and for various community organizations as well as marching in the annual christmas parade.clubs and organizationsinformation about our many student opportunities to become involved in our various clubs and organizations can be found by clicking on the clubs and organizations title. schoolsfind usbristow public schools  420 north main  bristow, ok 74010number: phone: 918-367-5555  fax:  fax: 918-367-5557  copyright © 2025 bristow public schools. all rights reserved.powered by apptegy visit us to learn more


