


division of thoracic surgery - brigham and women's hospital








































skip to cookie noticeskip to contents











utility navigation


locations


find a doctor


request appointment


patient gateway


giving









search







quick links


departments & services


directions & parking


medical records


physical therapy (pt)


primary care


volunteer







site navigation



patients and families


medical professionals


research




header skipped.



















home


departments & services


department of surgery

thoracic surgery

back to department of surgery












thoracic surgery




our thoracic surgery program provides a unique patient care experience. our practice is one of the largest in the country, our thoracic surgeons are among the finest in the world, and our measureable outcomes compare favorably to national benchmarks. we have created a unique patient-centered model of care that integrates a community of radiologists, anesthesiologists, nurses and support staff who specialize in comprehensive treatment of thoracic disease. treatment is tailored to each patient, and often includes ground-breaking procedures with results that set the standard for patient care, and offer the best opportunity for the superior outcomes our patients deserve. surgeons in the division of thoracic surgery at brigham and women's hospital (bwh)— faculty members at harvard medical school—provide expert and personalized diagnostic and treatment services to patients with disorders of the lung and airway, esophagus, mediastinum and chest wall; benign and malignant tumors; and chronic pulmonary diseases.
our team of thoracic surgeons has made distinctive contributions to the field of thoracic surgery, improving the lives of patients throughout the united states and beyond. we train the next generation of thoracic specialists through bwh’s cardiothoracic residency program and constantly seek to improve patient care through scientific research and clinical trials that focus on new evaluation and innovative treatment methods.
we offer a multidisciplinary approach that integrates patient and family needs with the expertise of our thoracic surgeons and other bwh specialists, as well as physician assistants, nursing staff, social workers, nutritionists, respiratory therapists and other health care workers specializing in thoracic surgery. this patient-centered environment has informative, compassionate care at its core, with the very best in advanced medical and surgical techniques and superior outcomes. thoracic surgery services are available at brigham and women’s hospital in boston. in addition, thoracic surgery services are available in weymouth and milford.







diseases and conditions


chest wall and diaphragm


esophagus conditions


lung and airway


mediastinum


thoracic cancer


mesothelioma


































thoracic surgery

skip navigation


about us


thoracic cancer


lung and airway


chest wall and diaphragm


mediastinum


esophagus


mesothelioma


programs


for patients and families


for medical professionals


research


contact and locations


support our work









find a doctorrequest appointmentlocationsservices







































learn more about brigham and women's hospital

for over a century, a leader in patient care, medical education and research, with expertise in virtually every specialty of medicine and surgery.


about bwh



















stay informed. 
						
connect with us. 
						






facebook







x (formerly twitter)







instagram







youtube







linkedin







newsroom




















we use cookies and other tools to enhance your experience on our website and 
									to analyze our web traffic. for more information about these cookies and the data 
									collected, please refer to our privacy policy. 
									
×









brigham and women's hospital

75 francis street, boston ma 02115
617-732-5500contact us

general information:
											617-732-5500

new patients:
											800-294-9999






centers of excellence


cancer center


heart & vascular center


the lung center


neurosciences center


orthopaedic & arthritis center


primary care center


women's health center




clinical departments


anesthesiology, perioperative and pain medicine


dermatology


emergency medicine


medicine


neurology


neurosurgery


obstetrics and gynecology


orthopaedic surgery


pathology


pediatrics


physical medicine and rehabilitation


psychiatry


radiation oncology


radiology


surgery


urology




quick links


about bwh


careers


covid-19 information


education & training


giving


health information


news


services a-z














© 2025 brigham and women's hospital

accessibility


resources a-l


resources m-z


sitemap


organized health care arrangement notice


price transparency


patient privacy notice


privacy policy/disclaimer
















