alaska journal of commerce

alaska journal|news|top forty under 40|movers and shakers|opinions|special sections|legals|archive|contacttop forty under 40: nominations now open

new in 2025: nominations for a distinguished alumni nominate alumni here 
latest newsalaska contractors warn of ‘alarming’ outlook for 2025 road construction seasonconstruction groups are urging the legislature to use $300 million from the state treasury to “salvage” the road construction season. sean maguire harvest alaska, chugach electric announce proposal to convert nikiski facility for lng imports alex demarban, sean maguire state sues to reverse federal approval of tribal gaming hall in birchwood alex demarban state to compensate 32,000 public sector workers in alaska whose retirement contributions were delayed iris samuels alaska’s us senators sign letter demanding faster implementation of social security benefits expansion iris samuels nonresident hiring in alaska set record in 2023, state analysis shows yereth rosen, alaska beacon hilcorp wins case in dispute with enstar over gas supply and concerns of power outages alex demarban more storieshilcorp wins case in dispute with enstar over gas supply and concerns of power outagesanchorage superior court judge herman walker jr. ruled thursday that he was dismissing the case, a move sought by hilcorp.  alex demarban university of alaska and faculty union reach tentative agreement for new contractbargaining parties reached a tentative deal with support from federal mediation, after talks stalled in a deadlock in december. corinne smith, alaska beacon estate of worker who died in north slope incident sues hilcorp alaska and othersthe estate for randy lytle asserts that improper training and safety measures contributed to his death. hilcorp denied the allegations. alex demarban gov. dunleavy points to ‘temporary,’ ‘painful’ measures to address cook inlet gas crunchas utilities warn of the possibility of rising costs and rolling blackouts, alaska gov. mike dunleavy and key lawmakers say they’re focused on longer-term energy solutions, and returning to alaska-based fuels for the region. meanwhile, power and heating costs for railbelt residents are expected to rise.  sean maguire enstar tangles with hilcorp alaska in court over gas supply requirementshilcorp argues that enstar is trying to “hoard” stored gas. enstar asserts it has met contractual requirements and the disputed amount of gas should be delivered.  alex demarban load more storiesalaska journal of commerce
300 w. 31st avenue
anchorage, ak 99503
phone: 907-257-4200
outside anchorage, toll-free: 800-478-4200

copyright © binkley co. all rights reserved.
contact us