





jaffer group of companies



























menu
jaffer group of companies











 about us

about us
management team
our locations


 our businesses

machinery
engineering services
agriculture
technology
export & import of commodities
environment and hygiene
construction
construction tools & software
biotechnology
lubricants


 corporate functions


 administration & general services

 audit & corporate affairs

 corporate finance

 group it

 legal 

 people & culture


 policies

whistle blowing policy



news/events

news/events
success stories


careers

csr
contact






























 




























 
 
 
 









 our businesses






 
 machinery is a prominent player, offering heavy earthmoving, construction and mining equipment to achieve customer excellence. 



machinery 




 
 jaffer engineering services is the most strategic business of jaffer group. it has long history of developing projects for principals, contractors and manufacturers. 



engineering services




 
 the primary focus of jaffer agro services (private) limited, has been the supply of farm inputs, including pesticides, fertilizers and provision and also provide the high efficiency irrigation systems. 



agriculture




 
 jaffer business systems- is one of the most reputable it company in pakistan, with the motto to solve people's business challenges with information technology solutions in a creative way. 



information technology




 
 the fertilizers and commodities division  is mainly involved in the indenting activity of fertilizers in pakistan and also deals with indenting, imports as well as exports of various commodities.  



export & import of commodities




 
 jaffer environment and hygiene division has been contributing for more than four decades towards improving the lives and health of people and communities through domestic pest management and hygiene solutions. 



environment and hygiene




 
 murshid builders - a construction firm was established in 1984. since its inception, murshid builders (private) limited has worked in collaboration with some of the leading overseas companies. 



construction




 
 we offer hilti leading-edge technology for power tools, inserts, direct fastening systems and anchor systems, including construction-related software and services. 



construction tools & software




 
 jaffer biotech (private) limited specializes in researching and creating commercially viable applications of biotechnology to be used in the field to benefit crop yields and quality.  



biotechnology




 
 jaffer group has entered into the lubricants business in collaboration with m/s shell pakistan limited, an industry leader in lubricant manufacturing and distribution. 



lubricants








  news & events 




changes in principal info (bayer - envu) - (agenda & k-othrine) 


				
	dear valued business partner,

	 

	effective october 1, 2022, bayer has sold its environmental science professional business to cinven, a uk-based ... read more 


strengthening the long-term strategic relationship between construction technology training institute, komatsu and jaffer brothers 


				... read more 


jbulletin  quarterly newsletter | july - september 2022 


				
	jbs quarterly newsletter for the period of july - september 2022

	download newsletter pdf
... read more 

 




  videos 




jaffer group legacy wall







machinery & engineering services projects 





	introductory video


 
brand video of jaffer business systems





	introductory video











 our core values



 
excellence







 
innovation







 
integrity







 
ownership







 
safety







 
trust








corporate social responsibility




 
the greatest of all arts is the art of losing ourselves in the service of others. 






 our partners









































































































































































































































































































 © copyright 2021  -       
        	  design by:  yell design- developed by:  advent interactive |  privacy policy









back to top













