






 
tourism visit information historic cripple creek colorado









































































skip to content



facebook page opens in new windowx page opens in new windowinstagram page opens in new windowpinterest page opens in new window#cripplecreek

search:










visit cripple creek
visit cripple creek

casinos dining lodging events & attractionsevents attractionslocal attractions regional attractions city parks & trails   aboutretail transportation road conditions city of cripple creek services media  history explore more contact 



 
casinos dining lodging events & attractionsevents attractionslocal attractions regional attractions city parks & trails   aboutretail transportation road conditions city of cripple creek services media  history explore more contact 









experience the casinos 
							
find your casino 
							 


enjoy the food 
							
find a restaurant 
							 


explore our town 
							
plan your visit 
							 











strike it rich in cripple creek:
where gold is found below, above and within!


are you looking for a fun colorado town to visit? or maybe you’re planning a colorado vacation and looking for some place unique? visit cripple creek, colorado! we have it all: gaming, interesting gold mining history, scenic drives and fun attractions!
want to try your hand at gambling? with ten casinos all within walking distance along historic bennett avenue, there’s plenty of unique and exciting games and slot machines. and now that colorado gaming law allows for sports betting, you can cheer on your favorite teams in all your favorite sports right here in cripple creek. and the fun and action never stops! casinos are now open 24-hours with no last call. come visit cripple creek and strike it rich with non-stop gaming action and fun!
the city of cripple creek is excited to get started on the economic development and tourism strategy (edts) plan and the comprehensive plan update. there are several ways residents can get more information and participate: 

take the questionnaire – https://forms.office.com/r/q3h8schpwk
join us at the chamonix casino on tuesday, october 29 from 5:30 to 7 pm mt for a community open house to learn more about the plans and share ideas and priorities for cripple creek’s future. please rsvp here. rsvp cripple creek open house – tuesday, oct. 29 (google.com)

city of cripple creek statement regarding mollie kathleen gold mine incident:
“on behalf of the city of cripple creek, we wish to express our sincere thanks to all agencies who responded to the tragic incident at the mollie kathleen gold mine on thursday, october 10th. the incredible and swift coordination and response of resources at the municipal, county, and state level ensured that all trapped underground were safely brought to the surface. we are very grateful to who contributed to this effort.
we wish to extend our most sincere condolences to loved ones of mr. patrick weier. cripple creek is a very small and tight-knit community, and to lose one of our own is devastating. we are here to support those suffering this loss in any way we can, and we respectfully request utmost privacy for those experiencing this loss as they navigate this tragedy. our hearts are with all who were involved.
as the investigation of this incident is still active and under the jurisdiction of the teller county sheriff’s office, we will be referring all inquiries related to this incident to their public information officer.”
respectfully,
annie durham, mayor
bruce brown, mayor pro tem
melissa trenary, councilperson
jared bowman, councilperson
cody schwab, councilperson











the best colorado summer vacation is in cripple creek
besides all the fun things to do around cripple creek, and gambling in our new (and historic) casinos, we have a rich gold mining history to share with you. a cowboy named bob womack had been searching for gold for nearly 15 years and finally discovered the precious metal in 1890 in poverty gulch, which later became the town of cripple creek.
between 1890 and 1910 thousands of prospectors flocked to the region dubbed the “world’s greatest gold camp.” more than 22,400,000 ounces of gold (approximately $11.2 billion in today’s dollars) was extracted from more than 500 mines in the cripple creek and victor region. however, by the early 1940’s gold production was down to less than one percent of what it once was and by 1990, the town was almost dead with only 600 residents. in 1991 with legalized gambling, the town was revitalized and many of the historic buildings were refurbished as casinos.
the cripple creek historic district is designated as a national historic landmark by the national park service. today’s visitors can experience the rich cripple creek history through its unique shops, attractions and museums. 











you deserve a break! come indulge yourself in our casinos, natural scenery, history, attractions, events, and more! it is time to treat yourself, so start booking your visit today!













contact usemail
information@visitcripplecreek.com
phone
719-689-3315find us on:facebook page opens in new windowx page opens in new windowpinterest page opens in new windowinstagram page opens in new windownavigation casinos dining lodging attractions events retail & services history explore more contact 








					© 2025. visit cripple creek. all rights reserved. website by blue sky designs.









go to top






see more










upload your images of your cripple creek adventure »





























































