




















home | business services







skip to main navigation
skip to content



main navigation
main navigation













home


about


mission


services


news


contact


















penn home




directory

maps

















welcome to business services!

innovative services

                       | in the news
          
                       | key priorities











 
 innovative servicesas a division, we are committed to creating a hospitable and customer-friendly campus environment through the delivery of innovative services. we invite you to explore our divisional website and learn more about the portfolio of resources and programs we offer to the penn community! learn more about our services:      view all services 







bsd news

recent highlights





learn more



 
what links our services?our portfolio is linked together by common priorities. throughout our site, these symbols highlight how each of our services reflects these themes:cost containment & revenue development learn moresustainability learn moreinnovation learn morelearn more about us













the division of business services
university of pennsylvania
3401 walnut st. suite 440a
philadelphia, pa 19104 
info-bsd@pobox.upenn.edu


hospitality

catering
conference & hospitality services
university club
hotels
vending




campus & community

penn parking
penn transit
commuter services
penn ice rink
penn mail services
penn home ownership
morris arboretum
penncard
penn children's center

	 




living

residential services
off-campus services
penn dining 





specialized services

campus express
penn branded merchandise & licensing
e-cards




campus stores

penn bookstore




 





copyright © 2019 university of pennsylvania
privacy policydisclaimer report accessibility issues and get help bsd help desk















meet jane pablos

du bois college house's beloved residential services manager recently chatted with penn today about her 30-year tenure at the university. 
read more













we couldn't be prouder . . . 

the penn ice rink has been voted metro philly's best for 2024.

read more












we couldn't be prouder .  .  .
penn ice rink voted metro philly's best!

posted: 

















the university of pennsylvania class of 1923 ice skating rink is proud to have been voted metro philly’s best ice rink for 2024. more than 100,000 metro philly readers cast a ballot for their favorite local businesses, listed in the publication’s fourth annual “winners guide.”
“we are deeply honored and grateful to be recognized as metro philly's best ice rink,” says ray bates, executive director of penn business services, the university division that oversees the penn ice rink. “director rob harkins, assistant manager bill richards, and operations manager mike petrocelli are passionate about the quality of the rink’s programming, facilities, and guest experiences—and it shows through everything they do. this award is a testament to their hard work and dedication, as well as the unwavering support of the communities we serve.”
a campus beacon of frozen fun and fierce competition for 50+ years, the penn ice rink is home to the penn quakers men’s and women’s hockey teams, the drexel dragons men’s hockey teams, the ed snider youth hockey foundation, st. joseph’s prep hockey, the penn figure skating club, and a number of adult hockey leagues.
the rink hosts a robust schedule of open and free skates, hockey drop-in hours, a popular all-ages learn-to-skate program, as well as special events for penn students and the public alike. exciting upcoming programs include rocky date night on december 6, a signature rockyfest event cohosted with the philadelphia visitors center, and shows by le patin libre contemporary ice-skating company on december 13-14, in collaboration with penn live arts. in february 2025, the rink will welcome the colonial states collegiate hockey playoffs and the intercollegiate figure skating championships.
earlier this year, the rink installed a unique vending machine that allows hockey players and figure skaters to replace equipment feet away from the ice surface. this self-serve pro shop is stocked with everything from skate laces and mouthguards to neck protectors and hockey sticks. 
the penn ice rink is located at 3130 walnut street, philadelphia. follow on social at instagram and facebook.
 


share
 facebook
 twitter





back to news



















the morris breaks ground for research

the morris arboretum & gardens held a groundbreaking for its new plant science lab.
read more












the morris breaks ground for research
digging into science

posted: 10/3/2024

















on october 1, the morris arboretum & gardens held a groundbreaking for its new plant science lab. the facility will incorporate a wet lab and the equipment necessary for the morris’ team of researchers and botanical scientists to study how plants evolve and adapt in relation to climate change, with an emphasis on species found throughout pennsylvania.“scientific research in botany and horticulture has been one of the pillars of the morris arboretum & garden’s mission since its founding in 1932,” said william cullina, f. otto haas executive director, to open the event, at which morris advisory board members, lab donors, and a variety of guests from across the university joined the plant sciences staff. “this facility will allow the morris to use the latest technology to begin answering many of the taxonomic and ecological questions generated by more than 90 years of work, and many more research questions of biological and horticultural interest.”construction is expected to be complete in early 2025. the lab is a key component of the morris’ 20-year site plan, which includes new research greenhouses, an adjacent nursery, and, eventually, an additional science building with a teaching lab and an herbarium.read more about it in the fall/winter edition of ma&g seasons.fun fact: cullina broke ground with a 120-year-old shovel owned by morris namesake john morris.pictured (foreground, from left): elizabeth p. mclean, emeritus member of the morris’ board of advisors; anne papageorge, senior vice president, facilities & real estate services; michael d. scales, vice president, division of business services; cullina. 


share
 facebook
 twitter





back to news



















parking & commuter services moves to the penn bookstore

parking & commuter services is now conveniently located on the first floor of the penn bookstore (near the sansom street entrance). the move from 3401 walnut, the department’s home of nearly 30 years, coincides with the launch of an expanded menu of flexible permits and programs for new parkers, offered based on community feedback. open weekdays from 8:30 am to 5 pm, parking & commuter services joins the penncard center and onboard@penn at the bookstore, solidifying the site as a convenient one-stop hub for a variety of penn services. 

read more













silver served to penn dining

over the summer, penn dining won two silver awards at the annual conference for the national association of college and university food services (nacufs). the department was recognized in the following categories:

2024 wellness & nutrition program of the year, for dine well, eat smart, a dietitian-led nutrition and wellness education program. spearheaded by sarah goff, bon appétit’s wellness manager, the continuing series features newsletters, articles, and in-café culinary events.
2024 loyal e. horton award for residential special event of the year, for the quaker kitchen cookbook launch of klancy miller’s "for the culture: phenomenal black women and femmes in food: interviews, inspiration, and recipes."

pictured from left: kory samuels (past chairperson, rochester institute of technology), sean lewis (bon appétit management co.), kristin cummings (university of pennsylvania), sarah goff (bon appétit management co.), rahul shrivastav (chairperson, indiana university). not pictured: pamela lampitt (director, dining & hospitality services), barbara lea-kruger (former director, communications & external relations), thomas macdonald (operations manager, hospitality services).﻿

read more

















