
gentek solutions corp









































gentek 
                  solutions corp..welcome...you have reached the corporate 
            site of gentek solutions corporation.  we are a internet-based 
            company that publishes, maintains and retails christian music and resources.
            our network of internet properties includes:
























worshipmusic.com: the 
            premier online retailer for christian praise & worship 
            resources.
























digitalqueue.com:
            this is a web site which provides digital downloads of
            worship related resources such as software demos, music packages
            and other digital content.
























productsubmit.com:
            this is an e-business web site which allows digital upload and submission of
            worship related resources and products, for request of possible placement
	    on worshipmusic.com product catalog.
























song 
            information database: this is a web site, designed to help 
            people find information about praise & worship 
        music.
























worship 
            resource center: the original worship 
            resource site! worship faq, song database, editted links, and tons 
            more! home of the worship list, an online forum of several hundred 
            worshipers and worship 
  leaders.
























worshipgathering.com: the website
            of the worship event called the worship gathering, which is sponsored by
            worshipmusic.com.  this intense event is a opportunity for the body of christ
            to come together and worship teh lord through intimate devotion, expressive
            praise, various arts and deep devotion. learn all about it by clicking on the
            logo.









[gentek corp] 
  









© copyright 
      2000-2006 gentek solutions, inc.  all rights 
  reserved.