








gardensafari - insects and other animals in house and garden 



























languages:                                 
 english / engels      
 dutch / nederlands



























home
mammals
amphibians
birds
centipedes, millipedes and woodlice
spiders, ticks and harvestmen
dragonflies and damselflies
moths
butterflies
bugs
flies
wasps and bees
beetles
crickets, may-flies, etc
snails, slugs and worms

hania's photo gallery
featured photos
sitemap
about




on gardensafari you can explore the diversity of fauna captured with my photo cameras in the garden. 
gardensafari helps you to identify all kinds of creatures you can find in your home surroundings.
the site consists of over 700 pages per language with articles on garden wildlife illustrated with thousands of photographs of birds, spiders, frogs, squirrels,
butterflies, moths, centipedes, wasps, flies and dragon flies, beetles, ticks and other garden wildlife in and around a house. 
the species in the photos here have been identified by both their english and scientific (latin) names.

instead of traveling to exotic destinations on distant continents in order to see the marvels of nature, 
you can stick to the comfort of your home surroundings and discover what's crawling, flying, jumping, biting, running and buzzing right around you.  
your house and garden are full of creatures which will truly amaze you if you just take time and effort to really look... 
gardensafari takes you on a virtual tour through the world of wildlife. enjoy it!





featured photos


 red longhorn beetle (corymbia rubra)
click here for more photos of this species.

click here for previous featured photos  of gardensafari. 





recent site updates :


         
the whole page of longhorn beetles   longhorn beetles (cerambycidae)  has undergone grand maintenance. also six new species of longhorn beetles have been included in the collection.

         
refurbished the whole page of  leaf beetles (chrysomelidae) . several new beautiful chrysomelida species added there.

         
the webpage of the  colorado potato beetle  (leptinotarsa decemlineata) has been renewed and you'll find brand new detailed photos there. 

 two new leaf beetles added:  tansy leaf beetle (chrysolina graminis) and 
chrysolina varians .

 beautiful but harmful to the trees is
 poplar leaf beetle (chrysomela populi). a newcomer to this website.

 another new species here is a scary looking 
 hornet moth (sesia apiformis).  

 there is a new lovely cuckoo wasp on gardensafari, 
 pseudomalus violaceus.  

 a new species on this website is a flesh fly, 
 cynomya mortuorum.  

 a new beetle here is  
 donacia simplex.  








attention:
neither photographs nor text on www.gardensafari.net can be reproduced anywhere else in print or in electronic form 
without my prior permission. if you wish to use the images, please contact me by e-mail.
























         © copyright 1998-2024 gardensafari.net (hania berdys)

terms of use

















