






politicalcortex.com – always updated













































politicalcortex.com









about uscontact usterm of useprivacy policy











home





politics and games are closely relatedthe rising of new video games and online games is somehow related to the political situation these days. there are numerous game developers that have stepped up their gameplays by adding political elements. famous games such as tropico 6 are one of the games that highlight the political element as the main theme. minecraft too is another game that can be made political-themed server. here you can find the best minecraft servers including political-themed servers. if you observe the games you often play thoroughly, you might encounter a glimpse of political references. 
read morepolitical advertising in the digital agepolitical advertisements have gone digital as the world has. politicians are no longer relying solely on traditional campaign tools like billboards and tv ads; instead, they are increasingly using digital channels like social media, email, and text messaging to connect with voters. this change has been met with some resistance from those who worry that voters would be overwhelmed by campaign advertisements and won’t be able to distinguish between genuine and fake claims.
one positive aspect is that web design agencies and digital advertising firms have made it simpler than ever for politicians to interact with voters. by using facebook’s custom audiences, for instance, politicians can reach the people who are most likely to support their candidacy and vote for them. it reduces the time and money needed for political campaigns.
read morejapanese war and it’s influence towards food 
japanese food is known for very simple and comforting meals. they don’t have a huge array of ingredients that is needed in the prep of their food and it still tastes good. the main reason to why it has been put simple all these years would probably go back in time during war. during the time of war, countries colonized by japan would provide food that is based on their culture. it has been maintained simple to ease the process of preparing and also distributing it to people. some of the staples that you can find in the meal during wartime would be just steamed rice with pickled vegetables. 
read morehow the ancient greeks taught us democracy 
to abolish aristocrats monopolizing most of the power in ancient athens, cleisthenes, known as the father of democracy, decided to reform the political system. henceforth, demokratia was born. demo means ‘the people’ while ‘kratos’ means ‘power’. in a way, the people are given the power to govern their own. the harm would be judged, while the ones who are harmed would be given justice. even the jurors in those times were paid to do their work, however, they were no taxes at the time. in addition, there were no high paying jobs such as airport car service. so jurors are mainly paid by contributors and customs duties. but what else lies behind the political system of demokratia in athens? read more to find out. 
read morebuy comprehensive medical insurance policy malaysiaafter liz truss resigned after only 44 days of sitting in the prime minister seat, comes rishi sunak who wishes to make a difference in the world. to start, he is the first prime minister who is a people of color. additionally, the 42-year-old prime minister also wishes to give back to the community, just like how his parents would do. it goes in hand with malaysia with leaders that advised their people to buy comprehensive medical insurance policy malaysia. what else is there to know about the current prime minister of britain? read more to find out. 
read moreeurope dreams to be crypto king of the worldthe united kingdom aspires to be known as the world’s “king of crypto.” countries that leave the eu will create their own non-fungible tokens (nft). it is part of the uk government’s plan to become a global leader in cryptocurrencies. the uk treasury has requested that the royal mint, the government-owned company in charge of coin mining in the uk, launch an nft this summer. this was stated by john glen, the city’s minister and secretary of the economy, at a fintech event in london. so it’s no surprise that they’re looking for latest nft news right now. the newest information is mastercard has launched a customizable nonfungible token (nft) debit card, which allows some cardholders who have avatars from certain nft collections to add artwork to the payment card.
read moregerontocracy: when the country is getting old 
gerontocracy is a topic that is rarely brought up in the various political discussions but is difficult to ignore. this is a word from political science that describes a nation, commercial organization, or group (often the national government) whose leadership is, on average, older than the majority of adults or is very politically conservative. the country’s general aging is frequently a major factor in the rise of the gerontocracy. young people who love to wear akatsuki shorts and who have the chance to be productive are marginalized by geriatric politics and have little opportunities to demonstrate their increased competence.
read morebusiness dilemmas faced by smes in 2022many smes will face insurmountable business challenges in 2022. as the new crown epidemic spreads, many smes are hampered by the industry in which they operate and are unable to open for business, gain access to customers, or trade.
to deal with operational challenges, many smes have adopted various approaches, such as net 30 payment terms for small businesses. if you are interested in this phenomenon, the following article will explain in detail several business dilemmas faced by smes in the current situation, as well as some of the policies implemented by the government to assist smes.
read morea protracted tragedy: russia-ukraine war in 2022 
vladimir putin, the president of russia, announced a “special military operation” against ukraine in the early hours of february 24, 2022, under the pretexts of “demilitarization” and “denazification” in a nationally televised speech. later, using missiles and airstrikes, russian forces targeted many ukrainian cities and their fortifications, including kiev, the country’s capital. russia moved troops into ukraine and belarus in big numbers in many directions, as if selling things in bulk to wholesale lighting traders. this allowed russian forces to proceed south to attack kiev, the capital of ukraine. the war between russia and ukraine began in full force in 2022.
read moredonald trump administration politics make america getting better or worse?supporters of president of the united states (us) donald trump on january 6, 2021 had a tremendous impact upon the region. this might be visualized as a pipe that requires water damage restoration. in the electoral vote, joe biden defeated incumbent donald trump. furthermore, supporters of us president donald trump organized protests and attacks on the us capitol building in early 2021, alleging that the election results were falsified. as a result of the protests, five people have died, along with a woman who has been shot by cops in the state capitol courtyard.
read more

archives

december 2022
november 2022
october 2022
september 2022
august 2022
july 2022
june 2022
may 2022
april 2022
january 2022
december 2021
november 2021
september 2021
august 2021
november 2020









politicalcortex.com
always updated







about

teamhistorycareers



privacy

privacy policyterms and conditionscontact us



social

facebookinstagramtwitter/x







		designed with wordpress 












