


essential oil & aromatherapy testimonials




























































































homeregisterlog insearchbasicadvanceddirectorytestimonialsmost recentmost popularmost detailedresourcesfaqaboutcontactfollow us


































essential oils

applied using therapeutic massage











aromatherapy

inhaling essential oils using a diffuser











essential oils

applied using reflexology points















 
what are essential oils?



								sometimes called the "life force" of a plant, therapeutic grade essential oils are very complex. they are stored in special cells, ducts or glandular hairs that are distributed among the flowers, leaves, bark, stems and roots of a plant. these oils protect the plant from injuries, insects, and micro-organisms.  these unique characteristics make essential oils highly beneficial to humans.		
								
								
read more



what is aromatherapy?



								it is the use of therapeutic grade essential oils to affect mood and promote well-being. generally this means inhaling the aroma through the use of nebulizer, mister, or diffuser.  however, the definition of aromatherapy has grown to include applying oils on the skin or ingesting them with a gelcap.  for this reason it is very important to use therapeutic grade oils, as lesser quality oils are adulterated with chemicals to make the product stretch further.															
								
read more


why should i register?since 2004, we have maintained the most comprehensive list of essential oil testimonials on the internet.  registering allows you to be able to conduct your own keyword searches within our database of 9,782 testimonials.  chances are good that others have experienced the same types of situations that you have.  also, many of our members are new to aromatherapy and might be intrigued by a testimonial that you post.  if you agree to be contacted during registration, then other members may email you if they have additional questions.  this allows for sharing and business-building opportunities.
how can i help?


								you can help others understand your love for essential oils by posting each positive experience on our website. then direct others to read the testimonials on our website. as people become more educated on how the oils work, they will be more interested in trying them. based on the amazing feedback we receive, you are bound to be loved and appreciated by those who read what you share. we hope you enjoy our free service and come back to use it often.							















homeloginaboutcontactprivacy policyterms of usefull disclaimer

copyright © 2004 - 2018 oil-testimonials.com











