



	dot-line transportation

































rate quote


tracking


account


pick up


contact us













                             

























 home 





online tools



services



about



help?










rate quotes









transit times









maps









shipping forms









shipping labels









driver application forms









dot-line tools









update equipment

















my account









register here









track shipments









pickup request









claims









dot-line services

















about dot-line









contact us









privacy policy









driver recruiting









careers

















services & support









send us feedback!















                 sign in/register 
             







 
            
            
                 
        




















dot-line pro no
shipping status
date


































































 click here for email notification

































transit times & maps

































dot-line news














c&c truck sales and leasing has specifically designed its lease purchase program with cost-effective solutions to many of the difficult business issues that independent contractors face today.
c&c truck sales and leasing offers quality leasing solutions to america's independent contractors. for over 7 years c&c has been providing the trucking industry with quality equipment to ensure the highest level of success. we help manage your business until you reach the ultimate goal of owning your truck. to see if our program fits your needs, please feel free to contact us.more dot-line news...
































about dot-line transportation














dot-line transportation is one of the most successful, long-haul, expedited carriers in america. dot-line's core business is the coast to coast, less-than-truckload market, however we also specialize in volume and full trailer loads. we continue to grow because we offer some of the fastest transit times in our industry. dot-line transportation was started almost 30 years ago as a truck load carrier specializing in long haul traffic. at the request of our customers, dot-line transportation started handling less-than-truckload shipments in 1985. because of our ability to provide our customers with consistent and expedited transit times on both truckload and less than truckload shipments, we continue to be one of america's fastest growing carriers. dot-line transportation has always been a family owned and operated company. more ...























                                             








                             











home page

about us

online tools

your account

contact us

careers

driver recruitment

update equipment













                                        
copyright 2025 © dotline transportation company. privacy policy 
terms of use





















