


christian art - affordable christian artwork for sale - christ-centered art





































click on the lighthouse to return safely home.





search




enter your search terms



















































hand of god by artist yongsung kim depicts jesus reaching down into the water to save a drowning person.
hand of god















 harry anderson
 jesse barnes
 thomas blackshear
 james christensen
 simon dewey
 ron dicianni
 tom dubois
 nathan greene
 g. harvey
 thomas kinkade
 sandra kuck
 jon mcnaughton
 greg olsen
 del parson
 warner sallman
 james seward
 beth sweigard
 liz lemon swindle
 morgan weistling
 more artists »













 angels
 aviation
 biblical
 calligraphy
 cross
 ethnic
 family
 holidays
 jesus
 lighthouses
 military
 occupations
 patriotic
 victorian
 western
 more categories »















find unique christian related gifts via trusted online shops below.
the ready store
a company which specializes in a wide range of emergency preparedness products such as survival kits, emergency food and water, food storage, and many other emergency preparedness essentials to meet the needs of individuals, families, businesses, government agencies, schools, and community groups.
cbd
the top distributor of christian resources worldwide for more than 25 years. they sell apparel, art, bibles, books, calendars, church supplies, gifts, greeting cards, music, software, toys, videos and dvds, and a whole lot more at the lowest prices and provide unbeatable service.
christian art christian framed art prints for sale
christian art at great prices! framed christian art and unframed christian art featuring biblical themes, scripture, pictures of jesus christ and more.
















valentine's day coupon code
get 25% off one item with coupon code heart25.*













our christian art gallerychrist-centered art, founded in 1998, is an
online christian art gallery dealing only in the finest inspirational christian art prints painted by the world's most gifted artists.
the exquisite christian artwork displayed in our christian art gallery portrays strong traditional family values, biblical themes,
as well as god's wonderful creations, and according to deuteronomy 6:7-9, reminds us that the lord jesus christ should be the center of our homes and lives.











as a pioneer in bringing christian art to the world wide web, christ-centered art continues to work directly with christian artists as well as various art distributors and publishers to provide a tremendous assortment of christian art which not only ministers to the buyer but silently witnesses to others as well.













shopping for christian art
the easiest way to browse christ-centered art is by artist or category. however, you can also use our advanced site search or shop new releases, top sellers, price brackets, special occasions, clearance sale items, and art classifieds.
shop by artist
fine christian art work painted by gifted christian artists such as simon dewey, ron dicianni, nathan greene, william hallmark, g. harvey, thomas kinkade,
sandra kuck, kathy lawrence, roger loveless, del parson, warner sallman, james seward, liz swindle, jay bryant ward, morgan weistling, and others will do wonders to beautify your church, office,
or home décor. these christian artists serve our lord and savior jesus christ with their unique style and continue to bless
and encourage fellow believers with their pictures of jesus and other art images.
shop by category
framed and unframed christian art prints divided into categories and themes such as angels, animals, biblical, children, cross, florals, jesus, military, patriotic, and westerns make great gifts for just
about any occasion. christian art work not only goes beyond words to convey a deep spiritual message, but it also is a gift which will be treasured for a lifetime.











as a christian business, we strive for excellence by providing friendly, honest, and reliable service and by supporting christian ministries in need. affordability, quality, security, selection, quantity discounts, and a price match guarantee all help make shopping for unique framed and unframed paintings a pleasure.












closing statement
you can rest easy knowing that we ensure the quality and authenticity of every piece of framed and unframed christian artwork we sell and guarantee its mint condition and safe arrival or your money back.
we sincerely hope that your visit through our online christian art gallery will be a pleasant and fruitful experience and that these religious, spiritual, inspirational, and biblical art prints and canvases will inspire your faith throughout the year.
please feel free to bookmark this site and spread the word regarding the inspirational christian art prints, posters, and canvases found in our christian art gallery.
 browse artist directory.
 view art categories.
 discover new releases.
 shop top sellers.
 add a bookmark to your favorites list.
 go to the top of this page.





 



 
first time visitors
gallery information
mission statement
free membership
help desk
contact us


 



 
shopping cart
checkout






 
print locator
price match guarantee
gift certificates
appraisal service


 



 
news & notes
artist promotion
gallery music
salvation plan
christian links
link to us












 artist directory
 art categories
 new releases
 top sellers
 price brackets
 special occasions
 clearance sale items
 art classifieds
















deal of the day





















































harry anderson
ron dicianni
tom dubois
g. harvey
thomas kinkade
sandra kuck
jon mcnaughton
greg olsen
james seward
liz lemon swindle
morgan weistling





christian art









home |
questions & answers | 
sign our guestbook | 
testimonials |
privacy policy |
e-mail us |
site map



this site was designed & programmed by david's web creations, & you're visitor # 



the content on this site, including text and graphics, is the property of christ-centered art.
all u.s. and international copyright© laws apply and are reserved by christ-centered art.
web pages copyright© 1998-2025 by christ-centered mall, inc. all rights reserved.

christian art, christian artwork, christian art, christian prints, christian art, christian artists, framed christian art, christian framed art, christian artists, christian, art, art galleries, art gallery, art print, art prints, art work, artist, artists, arts, artwork, artworks, canvas prints, canvases, christ, christian, christian gifts, christianity, christians, custom framed art, custom framing, decor, fine art, fine arts, framed, giclee, giclee on canvas, giclees, home decor, image, images, inspirational, interior decorating, interior decorators, jesus, limited edition art, limited edition prints, limited editions, lithograph, lithographs, open edition prints, open editions, original art, painting, paintings, paper, photographs, photography, photo, photos, picture, pictures, pictures of jesus, poster, posters, print, prints, religious, reproductions, scripture, shop, shopping, spiritual, unframed, christ-centered art

christian art
christ-centered art is a christian art gallery which sells discount christian art prints, canvases, images, paintings, pictures, and posters by christian artists such as simon dewey, ron dicianni, arnold friberg, g. harvey, thomas kinkade, greg olsen, james seward, and morgan weistling.





