home | cupertino electrictell us about your projectprojectscore marketsdata centerenergycommercialmodularinnovationabouthistoryleadershipservicesculturemedia roomcareersjobslife at ceicontactbecome a supplierwe deliver power & possibilitieswe build the infrastructure that allows customers to achieve their visioncupertino electric, inc. (cei) is a quanta services company and the sixth-largest electrical engineering and construction company in the u.s. cei tackles challenges and delivers complex solutions for energy, data center and commercial customers experiencing intense change. we build the infrastructure that allows customers to achieve their vision.explore our core marketscompany facts annual revenue (est.) $2b+  number of employees 4500+  years in business 71  states licensed in 33 download our fact sheetwe areproblem solverswe're problem solvers and innovation seekers. we're team players and safety fanatics. and we always do the right thing. even when no one is looking. because what we do at cei is important, but how we do it is everything. we build great things and we do it with great people. help us deliver important work that impacts lives and keeps us connected. 
careers at cei
we are  innovatorsfor more than 70 years, cei has been powered by people who've built a reputation for delivering high-profile, complex projects. real, tangible things that alter the landscape and improve lives. what we build for commercial, energy and data center customers is important, but how we do it is everything. 
our projects may be complex, but our approach is simple: great people build great projects. cei's expert project management, engineering and field teams work together to research, develop and pilot methods that speed up installation times, improve quality and drive safety. 
learn about innovation at cei
we areproblem solverswith offices and projects across the u.s. and a skilled union workforce, we at cei take a collaborative approach to building — regardless of project size or location. 
view project portfolioproxima solar crows landing, carenewable / energysolar, substation and scada system projectsfo international terminal buildingsan francisco, caaviation, public infrastructure, public worksa multi-phased design/build public works construction project at san francisco international airport (sfo).san mateo water treatment plantsan mateo, capublic infrastructure, public works, water treatmentwater treatment plant upgrade and expansioncalifornia license no. 174637a general engineering contractorb general buildingc-10 electricalc-46 solar powerc-7 low voltage©2025 cupertino electric, inc. all rights reserved.supplierssitemapprivacy policywe value your privacywe may use cookies to enhance your browsing experience. you can opt-out of by clicking reject. refer to our external privacy policy for more informationrejectaccept