



	nsepnet home





































































cookies are disabled. you must enable first party cookies to use this site.




















»forgot password  |
                                   »   
                                    forgot username
»forgot user credential






privacy notice

                        you are accessing a u.s government(usg) information system(is) that is provided
                        for usg-authorized use only. by using this is (which includes any device attached
                        to this is), you consent to the following conditions:
                    

                        the usg routinely intercepts and monitors communications on this is for purposes
                        including, but not limited to, penetration testing, comsec monitoring, network operations
                        and defense, personnel misconduct(pm), law enforcement(le), and counterintelligence(ci)
                        investigations.
                    

                        at any time, the usg may inspect and seize data stored on this is.
                    

                        communications using, or data stored on, this is are not private, are subject to
                        routine monitoring, interception, and search, and may be disclosed or used for any
                        usg-authorized purpose.
                    

                        this is includes security measures(e.g., authorization and access controls) to protect
                        usg interests--not for your personal benefit or privacy.
                    

                        notwithstanding the above, using this is does not constitute consent to pm, le or
                        ci investigative searching or monitoring of the content of privileged communications,
                        or work product, related to personal representation or services by attorneys, psychotherapists,
                        or clergy, and their assistants. such communications and work product are private
                        and confidential. see user agreement for details.
                    











» 











what is a service agreement report (sar)? when should i submit one? how can i submit one?









job board










    not available
view career resources













home
                                |
                                about us
                                |
                                contact us
                                |
                                register as a hiring official
                                |
                                hiring exemptions
                                |
                                site map
                                |
                                www.dlnseo.org/nsep
                                |
                                privacy policy
                                |
                                accessibility/section 508

                                ® 2011 nsepnet
                            
                    







