


christian fund raising - grant writing resources with bob vickers of artful askers




 







































home page










help post covid










a "bakers dozen" npo need










overview of what we teach










about us










39 things every nonprofit










2020 usb of materials










online payment list










r.e.l.a.t.i.o.n.s.h.i.p.










gleaning list document










job search tips & resumes










matched givers list










certification & help fast










products










f a q










people say...










complimentary access










update on bob and connie.










a life-changing video...






















artful askers exists to empower faith- and
community-based organizations with the knowledge, tools
and skills to access money and other resources
to meet needs in their community. 
this includes nonprofits, churches, civic groups, individuals with
huge hearts, schools and anyone else! 
we help you to have huge community-impact and transformation
and build your capacity to meet needs! 
we teach you the knowledge, coach you, help you and mentor you
to help yourself and others!
"philanthropy is the 'art' of connecting a cheerful giver and a
grateful recipient by an 'artful' ask." 
 
more than 90% of the wealth in this country is in non-cash assets. in fact 92.7% of all giving are these non-cash or in-kind gifts. you must be stewarding and documenting these (volunteer hours, in-kind gifts, stock, etc) appropriately and demonstrate your leverage to donors before many funders will consider cash or monetary grants. are you ready to receive? are you ready to engage?  
accessing money and other resources is not a secret--it's a "process" and the process is based entirely upon proven principles that work whether you believe them or not. most people don't know what they don't know but if you follow the process, it works.  













working with nonprofits, community leaders, churches, board members, united way-type agencies, and others in meeting community needs, we have taught 34,000 doers (faith-based or community nonprofits, churches, etc) and 3,400 donors (foundations, corporations, individuals, athletes, musicians, etc) to engage the same process for themselves--no need to hire a consultant. the process applies in every situation and is based on sound principles. regardless of the amount of money you are looking for or what the need is, if you follow the process, your need will be met. however, don't use religious words--show the social value of what you are doing and the benefit to people in your community and share your vision!

we are educators not consultants: we teach you how to do everything yourself without the need to hire anyone--leveraging through gleaners and volunteer time; being ready to receive; sharing your vision in a 3- to 5-page written document (following very strict format/content guidelines based on industry research); assessing, engaging in, and stewarding the connections and relationships around you whether approved or rejected; and being and doing your part working to meet needs in your community. . . your nonprofit, your board or volunteers, or your church can gain the knowledge to access all that you need.
the perish is caused by "the lack of knowledge. . ." 
gain the knowledge! don't pay consultants!
 
yes!
	i help do nonprofit incorporations to become
	501(c)(3)s. see below or email me! bob@artfulaskers.com 
yes! 
	i do help you format, edit and publish
	your books! email me! bob@artfulaskers.com 
 
workshops scheduled! 
active as negotiated for private and public workshops nationwide.
	since covid-19, not all are posted. 
the following are open to the public, are 4-hour morning workshops and include
	afternoon collaboration complimentary hours focused on your need!

		 

2025 workshops are pending. will post asap!


 
 

once you pay and attend any workshop. . .
	--you never pay again. just bring your own materials.
	--come to any workshop morning or afternoon worktime for assistance.
	--email bob for templates, samples, critique or other information.
	 
 









most popular products and services:

top products!
i. 25-hour "block of hours" focused priority on you!
  writing, developing, researching, coaching. $750. click here! 
	  use hours quickly or carry them out for a while. . . 
	      --research, writing and mentoring time starts when we
	         receive paypal confirmation of payment or a check.


ii.a. 75-hours "block of hours" priority on you!


  writing, developing, researching, coaching. $1,750. click here!
  use hours quickly or carry them out for a while. . . 
      --research, writing and mentoring time starts when we 
         receive paypal confirmation of payment or a check.
      --enough to complete all "essential documents" for you!
				      --will design a plan for you and actively help you! 
   ii.b. 100-hours "complete package" start-to-finish!
     --can complete all "essential documents" plus specialized
        or additional materials you request, want or need." $3,000. click here. 
iii. year-begin appeal letter 
  post-covid19 or appeal letter with response card and envelope.
      $250. click here! a great starting--excellent r.o.i.!
   --start with $250: pay anything in future out of proceeds!
   --if you also need a summary page, total is $400. click here.
   --free guide, sample in ms word by request: bob@artfulaskers.com. 




iv. prepare nonprofit, 501(c)(3) paperwork for submission to i.r.s.:



  --nonprofit incorporation, $500. click here, learn more, pay, or start!

  --extended nonprofit incorporation, $980. click here to pay/start process!
						 




v. zoom call, google, skype, conference, calls, no charge to start! 
  --negotiable after that! inquire of bob@artfulaskers.com
  --coaching and mentoring focused for you/your staff!
  --workshops and empowerment for you/your community! 

vi. usb of 40 sample proposals:
		  all in ms word documents, $75. to order, click here!

  or skill-based resume for you/your search! $79, info or start, click here!
		   --30-page manual, "how to do your own skill-based resume!" is free
		      in ms word with templates by request of bob@artfulaskers.com!


vii. a one-day workshop in your community, $1,250. more info, click here!


viii. simple proposal preparation. $599. click here! 


ix. train the trainer, all material and empowerment. $795. click here!

		 

x. community certification. all material, access and lifelong mentoring. $1,000. click here!

		 



other manuals and materials--

   all free by request of bob@artfulaskers.com:
     "gleaning and leveraging free products and resources to meet community
	       needs" pdf of  free manual! learn the process for yourself! 
     "how to do your own skill-based resume!" 30-page manual is
	       free! ms word with templates, sample cover letters, samples, etc.!
     "project connect--holding your own one-day 'serve day" in your church or
	       community center for those in your community that are under-served,
	       under-resourced and in need. multiple service providers meeting needs in
	       one place on one day! (haircuts, ss cards, birth certificates, driver's licenses,
	       food, information for children, youth and seniors, etc.).
     "artful askers workbook" in pdf.
     topic-specific sample grant proposals. here

     complimentary templates/articles: all by request of bob@artfulaskers.com!
     hosting a one day workshop in your city. here
	 
if you prefer to pay by check, please send a check to the address below. your payment
	will be receipted and we will call you to schedule your time and get started
	or send you the product you want. 
make check payable to "bob vickers" and send to
	400 west acorn street, gardner, ks 66030
brief calls/texts to bob vickers at (660) 580-0007. 
 
 













one-day workshops   (all identical)

"building relationships with funders and resources:"
  - all workshops are 4 hours and start at 9:00 am (doors open 30 minutes prior).
	  - all workshops end at 1:15 pm (registration fee includes drinks, snacks and all materials).
  - all workshops are followed by free coaching and advising until 4:00 pm (included in registration fee).
	  - several registration/pre-registration options available.
	  - non pre-registered walk-ups pay cash/check if space/materials allow.
	  - leave  the workshop with everything needed to engage in process for registration fee only.
	  - workshops are ideal for all nonprofit employees, leaders, staff and board members, nonprofit volunteers, church leaders, united ways or uw-type agencies, and anyone who desires knowledge to access resources or money to meet needs in their community and donors.

once you have paid/attended a workshop or purchased/watched a dvd series, we critique your documents, answer questions, and coach you for no additional charge. you may also attend any workshop from now on free but notify bob prior and bring your own materials or purchase a new set that morning.
	 
all are identical artful askers workshops.
	choose the best one for you!
in-person workshops are delayed due to covid-19
	restrictions by states.
if you would like to host a zoom workshop for your organization
	and/or organizations in your network, please call! 
workshops will be posted as soon as everything opens up!
 
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
bob and connie vickers have relocated to gardner, kansas.
connie's retirement is lasting!
	bob's retirement only lasted 30 days! 
	but we love living closer to our kids and grandkids!

bob's preferred contact: bob@artfulaskers.com  
or direct cell phone for brief calls/texts is (660) 580-0007.
click here for a peak at engagement options! 
	 
also, engage today with an online learning platform for
christian ministries, www.perceptionfunding.org  
or
learn about an online giving platform, www.givetransform.org 

tell them we referred you! 
 






















