












click to donate free! make free donations to 70 charities. nonprofit
& volunteer links!













                                
                                                                                                                              
                                                                                                         
          
                                                                                    
                                                                                                                                                             
          thenonprofits.com
free
          donations
          directory 
            

                                                 
                       
                
español
portuguese
deutsche
français
japanese (shift jis)
finnish
italiano
svensk
russian/ðóññêèé (cp 1251)
nederlands
brasileiro
danske
íslenska
norsk
croatian/hrvatski (cp 1250)
hungarian/magyar (cp 1250)
polish/polski (cp 1250)
czech/ceski (cp 1250)
bulgarian (cp 1251)
romanian
serbian/srpski (latin)
slovenian/slovenski (cp 1250)
greek/åëëçíéêüò
welsh/'n cymraeg
        
  





                                                                                                                                







"never
          believe that a few caring people can't change the world. for, indeed,
          that's all who ever have." - margaret mead            
          "how wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before
          starting to improve the world." - anne frank      
          click to donate to over 60 charities at no cost to you! make free
          donations to help good causes at
          thenonprofits.com           





donate
          for free!  you click and sponsors pay! all links open in a new browser
          window!




















hunger
                                        & poverty

                                      health

                                      education, misc.
environment
 animals







                                        feed hungry in brazil 


                                        feed veterans 



polish
                                        hunger site


the
                                        hunger site

donate
                                        rice (click answers)

donate bread (click loaf)


                                        help poverty




                                        click for children




hunger
                                         




alzheimer's research






                                        diabetes research




                                        the breast cancer site


                                        donate mammograms brazil




prevent 
                                        breast cancer


                                        kids autism


polish autism




                                        help children (scroll to 
                                        bottom)



                                        children's health 



                                        children's hospital




                                        stop violence





                                         





give free books literacy site



books 
                                        & other charities - china 





                                        greater good
 e



                                        new york charities




                                        help palestine 


                                        help refugess


                                        help women 



veterans
                                         
                                         

solar
                                        energy
 






                                        protect the earth 


clean
                                        air

clean
                                        your country





help ocean 
 

plant
                                        an oak tree
                                        

save
                                        u.s. land





                                        save mexican rain forest


the
                                        rainforest site

forest 
                                        watch




climate 
                                        change




                                        oceans




                                        rainforests




                                        reefs



water 
                                        pollution
 






                                        feed rescues

                                          


                                        animal causes 



donate
                                        dog food



                                        dogs - south africa 




                                        donate cat food 




donate cat litter







big cats



help 
                                        animals



                                        wolves



                                        various animal causes  




                                        animal testing




                                        stop dog fighting





                                        ivory trade




                                        primates




                                        sea turtles




                                        trapping




                                        whales dolphins




                                        stop the yulin festival










                                            
                          this is the true joy in life, the being used for a
                          purpose recognized by yourself as a mighty one; the
                          being thoroughly worn out before you are thrown on the
                          scrap heap; the being a force of nature instead of a
                          feverish selfish little clod of ailments and
                          grievances complaining that the world will not devote
                          itself to making you happy. - george bernard shaw






  note: the above causes / links are listed "as is" in thenonprofits.com click to donate for free online directory.thenonprofits.com website is not responsible for the content found at sites linked to. thanks for clicking! 
















 safety tips for women
        

  volunteer match - community 
    service 






  
nonprofit jobs,
    non profit employment | opportunity 
    knocks 
    



earn rewards 
for taking surveys! free, fun, easy!






special thanks to poet leslie gerber 





help feed the homeless at the 
little way homeless outreach
 


learn more about cybertorture at 
https://cyber-torture.com



 


worldwide campaign to 
end the institutionalization of children.
disability rights international
 








angels,
fairies, cupids, cherubs, guardians, pics, gifts, statues, angel dog, cat pet 
memorials







you don't have to be pro-war to 
help wounded & deployed troops . vets info too. noanie.com























                               bullying is an act of repeated deliberate aggressive behavior in order to intentionally hurt another person, physically or mentally.                  bullying is characterized as behaving in a manner to gain power over another person and it is a form of abuse.                                not all bullies are serial bullies...                  sometimes the average person loses it under pressure and takes out their feelings in a bullying manner.              but regardless of how or why it is happening to you, it is not acceptable.                    victims of bullying often are at greater risk of suffering from depression and other mental health problems, including schizophrenia. in rare cases, they may commit suicide.                                  bullying  is a behavior that involves a pattern of repeated aggression with a deliberate intent to harm or disturb a victim despite apparent victim distress.                       cyber-bullying is "the use of information and communication technologies to support deliberate, repeated, and hostile behavior by an individual or group, that is intended to harm others".      cyber-bullying has been defined as "when the internet, cell phones or other devices are used to send or post text or images intended to hurt or embarrass another person",[2] or as "when an electronic device is used to attack or defame the character of a real person. "                cyberstalking is the use of the internet or other electronic means. cyberstalking is often used to monitor and/or cause damage to data or equipment or to gather information in order to harass. the definition of "harassment" must meet the criterion that a reasonable person, in possession of the same information, would regard it as sufficient to cause another reasonable person distress.                 cyberstalkers may approach their victim's friends, family and work colleagues to obtain personal information. they may advertise for information on the internet, or hire a private detective. they often will monitor the victim's online activities. they may try to involve third parties in the harassment. they may claim the victim has harmed the stalker or his/her family in some way.     many cyberstalkers try to damage the reputation of their victim and turn other people against them.   they may set up their own websites, blogs or user pages for this purpose.   the cyberstalker will often claim that the victim is harassing him/her.            recipients of the slander not realize they are suffering a manipulation and an invasion privacy. according the psychologist iñaki piñuel y zabalaone of the reasons for adhering to bully some of the peers is because they wish to have no problems. they think the victim must have done something.     the current us federal anti-cyber-stalking law is found at 47 usc sec. 223.                              the bully enjoys and shows its power to pursue and is psychologically damaging to the person.               cyber-bullying involves the use of information and communication technologies such as e-mail, cell phone and pager text messages, instant messaging, defamatory personal web sites, blogs, online games and defamatory online personal polling web sites, to support deliberate, repeated, and hostile behaviour by an individual or group, that is intended to harm others.           bullies will even create blogs to intimidate victims worldwide.       cyber harassment is the repeated behavior by a person or group using mobile or internet technology with the intent to bother, terrify, intimidate, humiliate, threaten, harass or stalk someone else. the harassment can take place in any electronic environment where communication with others is possible, such as on social networking sites, on message boards, in chat rooms or through email.         cyber harassment and cyber stalking are often used synonymously to describe the actions of persons who relentlessly pursue others online with the intention of frightening or embarrassing the victim. sometimes a harasser intends to teach the victim a lesson or solicit information from the victim, and stalkers generally want revenge or attention.






cyberbullying is the willful
and repeated  use of computers, cell phones and / or other electronic
devices to send or  post text or images intended to hurt or embarrass
another person.                    
cyber-harassment is also a form of bullying.                       
"the world is a dangerous place to live; not because of the people who are
evil, but because of the people who don't do anything about it." - albert
einstein                       
"any intelligent fool can make things bigger and more complex... it takes a
touch of genius - and a lot of courage to move in the opposite direction."
- albert einstein                
                                                           visit http://stopbullying.gov
 


   
       

http://www.stopbullying.gov/        

 








stand up for the usa! 



hear 9/11 patriotic tribute song 
dedicated to our heroes








 







the gift of hand-written letters to women newly diagnosed 
with breast cancer 
http://www.girlslovemail.com










 





postpartum depression info






http://thenonprofits.com 






 
  
(c) thenonprofits.com
online
since
1/6/01 
updated 


1/30/25

letsroll4liberty@yahoo.com

 if you are not a click to donate 
site please do not email me.


thanks for
donating! 
 




 light 
    a peace candle 




 light 
    a gratefulness 
    candle




   
counter widget
over 2 million prior visitors in addition 
to the new counter added on 1/12/21. 







 
http://www.farmusa.org


















project gutenberg - 
  free ebooks & kindle books










free movies 
  films videos at archive.org





official site for free annual credit  reports





12  principals  of  success: 
  frederick  douglass











    child sexual exploitation and slavery - rescue children from trafficking at 
    destiny rescue





















 




click to donate for free donations
charities charity good causes charitable no cost giving thenonprofits.com
webmaster website webpage play free click directory directories
win cash earn money surveys paid
animal rights women rights children rights human rights non-profits free
donations help the environment
help the poor help educate help third world countries help humanity human rights
support earth




