








vermont law and graduate school | law & public policy

















































skip to content






 


admissions
connect
giving
virtual tour
 






menu
close
















academics

academics
degree programs
concentrations
specializations
centers and programs
clinics and externships
online learning
academic calendars
academic catalogs
library
accelerated jd programs with university of vermont
study abroad
non-degree programs
individual degree requirements
learning outcomes


admissions

apply now
admissions information
engage, visit, connect
tuition and financial aid
deadlines and calendars
international admissions
online application status
admitted students
contact admissions


student life

the campus
bookstore
housing
student groups
academic success
accommodations
diversity/equity/inclusion
registrar
about vermont


career services

current students
alumni
contact us
employment statistics
career profiles
judicial clerkship
for employers


alumni
about vlgs

about vlgs
board of trustees
strategic plan
accreditations and memberships
faculty and staff directory
class profile
employment
policies
partnerships


news and events

what’s happening at vlgs
events calendar
blog
podcasts
press releases
loquitur magazine
commencement


admissions
connect
giving
virtual tour
 










































										get in touch									


164 chelsea st., po box 96
south royalton, vt 05068
(802) 831-1000



facebookinstagramlinkedinyoutube

 
















become a catalyst for change at vermont law and graduate school

inquire





https://www.vermontlaw.edu/wp-content/uploads/2024/06/hero-video.mp4

 








idealists. realists. catalysts for change.


vermont law and graduate school is one of the top environmental law schools in the u.s. and is nationally renowned in restorative justice, climate change law, criminal law, and clinical education.




60+
environmental law and policy courses


76
environmental faculty


9
legal clinics




 









 


degreeswith degree options focused on climate change, environmental justice, animal protection, and restorative justice, vlgs produces graduates with specialized practical skills and positions them to competitively pursue enhanced career prospects. 

view degrees 

 





 


studentsvlgs is the institution of choice for the next generation of leaders who want to use the power of the law and policy reform to make real change in our communities and the world. 

student life 

 





 


alumnivlgs alumni are environmental and social justice advocates, changemakers, and leaders in their fields. our graduates and faculty are taking on some of today’s toughest legal fights, and our goal is to prepare our students to make the world a better place. 

alumni 

 




if you’re ready to apply your drive and talents to your passion for activism, advocacy, and justice, join us today.

start your application



vlgs campus virtual tour
take a virtual tour of the vermont law and graduate school campus. meet members of our admissions team, learn more about the admissions process, and hear directly from vlgs faculty and students.

tour vlgs



why vermont law and graduate school?





                        community                    

                        support                    

                        programs                    

                        outcomes                    




                        community                    



 

community
vlgs is more than an educational institution; it’s a community where students and faculty work together to make meaningful social and environmental change.






                        support                    



 

support
the hyper-competitive job market for new lawyers and policy experts values specialization, experiential learning, and strong industry connections. through our law school and graduate programs, vlgs students get all three, supported by passionate faculty and an active community that’s working on some of today’s most challenging and exciting issues.






                        programs                    



 

programs
focused on purpose, action, and advocacy, our juris doctor (jd), master of laws (llm), and other master’s degree programs are designed to transform legal and policy expertise and skills into tools of impact. vlgs students gain valuable real-world experience working side by side with some of the top environmental policy and legal experts in the field to help hone their expertise and instincts.






                        outcomes                    



 

outcomes
whether your goal is a career in public policy, environmental law, restorative justice, international law, business law, or general practice, you will graduate from vermont law and graduate school armed with the specialized skills and experience you’ll need to succeed in your field and fight for your cause.












vermont law and graduate school at a glance





 ranked #4 in environmental law by u.s. news and world report


 one of the top law schools for state court clerkships – law360 and the princeton review


 nationally recognized clinical training programs


 named a top-15 law school that offers the most tuition help by u.s. news and world report


 named a top online jd program by the national jurist’s prelaw magazine


 home to the national center on restorative justice and the first law school in the u.s. to offer a master’s degree in restorative justice















apply
learn more about the application process and admissions to vlgs based on the degree programs, clinics, and externships you are most interested in.


start your application








news and updates

view all





 

press release
vermont law and graduate school’s center for justice reform launches restorative justice webinar series

							february 18						
“healing communities to heal the world” will provide tools to respond and rebuild in the wake of community traumas south royalton, vermont (feb. 17, 2025) — vermont law …

read more





 

blog
exploring global sustainability with cuba as a classroom

							february 17						
in november 2024, the institute for energy and the environment sent 13 students and three faculty and staff to cuba for its annual global sustainability field study. students …

read more





 

blog
on inauguration morning, environmental advocacy clinic brings climate science to court

							february 14						
on the morning of january 20, the environmental advocacy clinic at vermont law and graduate school filed an amicus brief in the u.s. court of appeals for the district of [&hel…

read more





 

blog
2025 vba mid-winter thaw features strong vlgs contingent

							february 10						
many thanks to the vermont bar association’s (vba) young lawyers division, including justin brown jd/melp’09, zach dayno jd’18, colette schmidt jd’20,…

read more













 




inquirereach out to one of our recruitment specialists to learn more about how vermont law and graduate school is educating the next generation of leaders. 

inquire now 

 



 




visitcampus tours are open to prospective students at any stage of their higher education journey. plan your visit to vlgs to learn more about centers and programs, campus life, and more! 

visit campus 

 



 




contactwant to know more about vlgs’s academic programming, financial aid, or other general inquiries? feel free to reach out. we welcome your questions and are here to help! 

contact us 

 
















































facebookinstagramlinkedinyoutube

 visit us
contact us
faculty & staff directory
calendars
faqs
resources
current students
library
forms
it help desk
academic catalogs
accreditations & memberships
 

privacy policy
non-discrimination policy
safety
title ix
student consumer information and neche required disclosures
student consumer information and aba required disclosures
 














search...




 
























