








	mobile district, u.s. army corps of engineers






















            an official website of the united states government 
        here's how you know 
        







 official websites use .mil a .mil website belongs to an official u.s. department of defense organization in the united states.



secure .mil websites use https a lock (lock  ) or  https:// means you’ve safely connected to the .mil website. share sensitive information only on official, secure websites.








skip to main content (press enter).




us army corps of engineers
mobile district  website










®








           about
        



           mission and principles
        
 

           leadership
        
 

           history
        



           commanders of u.s. army corps of engineers, mobile district
        
 



           faq
        
 



           business with us
        



           contracting
        



           matoc pool awardees
        
 

           medcom subcontracting
        
 

           emergency contracts (aci)
        
 



           foia
        
 

           small business
        
 



           missions
        



           engineering
        
 

           civil works
        



           hydropower
        
 

           navigation
        
 

           recreation
        



           allatoona lake
        
 

           alabama river lakes
        
 

           apalachicola-chattahoochee-flint
        
 

           black warrior & tombigbee (bwt) lakes
        
 

           carters lake
        
 

           lake seminole
        
 

           lake sidney lanier
        
 

           okatibbee lake
        
 

           tennessee tombigbee waterway
        
 

           west point lake
        
 

           walter f. george lake & lake george w. andrews
        
 



           water management
        
 

           fish spawn
        
 



           military missions
        



           construction
        
 

           engineering
        
 



           emergency operations
        
 

           planning & environmental
        
 

           real estate
        



           acquisitions branch
        
 

           technical services branch
        
 

           management and disposal branch
        
 



           regulatory
        



           e-submittal of applications
        
 

           permit types
        
 



           national centers in mobile
        



           corrosion control/cathodic protection (cc/cp)
        
 

           deep draft navigation
        
 

           dredging quality management
        
 

           joint airborne lidar bathymetry
        
 

           real estate systems (resnc)
        



           principles
        
 

           rfmis
        
 

           remis
        
 



           subsurface exploration (ssx)
        
 

           water and wastewater (wwtx)
        
 



           program and project management
        



           civil projects
        



           coastal resiliency program
        
 

           alabama coastal comprehensive plan
        
 

           sweetwater creek
        
 

           selma, alabama flood risk management feasibility study
        



           selma-document-library
        
 

           primary documents
        
 



           okaloosa county, florida coastal storm risk management study
        
 

           mobile harbor project
        
 





           public affairs office
        
 

           spatial data branch
        



           gis
        
 

           surveying and mapping
        
 

           dredging quality management
        



           about dqm
        



           benefits
        
 

           authorization
        
 

           roles and responsibilities
        
 

           contact us/support center
        
 



           certifications/qa checks
        
 

           dredge status
        



           current dredge plant certification status
        
 

           current projects collecting data
        
 



           specifications
        



           dredge specifications
        
 

           hopper
        
 

           scow
        
 

           pipeline
        
 

           mechanical
        
 



           tools
        



           data transmission software
        
 

           dqm viewer
        
 

           reports
        



           user generated reports
        
 

           dqm generated reports
        
 





           education
        



           about dredging
        
 

           dqm terms/glossary
        
 

           training
        



           dqm presentations
        
 

           dqm viewer user guides
        
 





           odess
        
 

           dredge plant requirements
        
 

           qa notifications
        
 



           jalbtcx
        
 

           ehydro
        
 



           dam safety program
        
 



           locations
        



           mobile district site offices
        
 

           usace locations
        
 



           careers
        



           job announcements
        
 

           equal employment office
        



           affirmative employment program
        
 

           special emphasis program
        
 





           media
        



           news releases
        
 

           news stories
        
 

           media advisories
        
 

           public service announcements
        
 

           images
        
 

           videos
        
 



           library
        



           contact
        



           usace office locator
        
 

           rss
        
 



           coronavirus
        





















































career army officer leads mobile district contracting 
lt. col. christopher brunner, u.s. army corps of engineer mobile district contracting officer and military deputy of contracting, and his family, sit on swing in mayday park, daphne, alabama, sept. 29, 2024. brunner, who graduated from the citadel in 2008, was promoted to lieutenant colonel on feb. 1 and has been working in the mobile district since 2022. (courtesy photo)

read story











logistics team moves mobile district to new hq
stacks of boxes fill the u.s. army corps of engineers mobile district's new offsite warehouse in mobile, alabama, on jan. 29, 2025. the warehouse is a key hub for storing equipment and supplies during the transition to the new headquarters. (u.s. army photo by jeremy murray)

read story











water management hosts meeting and tour with act stakeholders
employees with the u.s. army corps of engineers, mobile district and stakeholders participated in the 2024 alabama, coosa and tallapoosa water system tour at different sites in georgia, december 20, 2024. the act water tour serves as an opportunity for usace partners to learn about the corps’ water management mission, including reservoir operations. (u.s. army photo by rydell tomas, jr.)

read story











mobile district update on mobile harbor project 
ships sit in the channel of the mobile bay harbor, mobile, alabama, july 29, 2024. the u.s. army corps of engineers, mobile district is working to deepen and widen the mobile harbor channel, allowing for more commercial traffic in the bay and benefiting the alabama port authority, the state of alabama, the city of mobile, and the district. (u.s. army photo by dalton yoder)

read press release











mobile district: 2024 year review
nate hoskins from the u.s. army corps of engineers louisville district and maj. brittany hine, u.s. army corps of engineers battle captain with task force debris, walk along a debris-strewn path during a site assessment at lake lure, north carolina, oct. 26, 2024. the visit supports ongoing coordination with local agencies on post-storm debris removal efforts. (u.s. army corps of engineers photo by travis england)

read story















around the district 









mobile district update on mobile harbor project 

                1/7/2025 
            

                since 2020, the u.s. army corps of engineers, mobile district mobile harbor project, and its partners have sought to deepen and widen the mobile harbor channel by five feet from the gulf of mexico...
            


mobile district to host public meeting on proposed water control updates in apalachicola-chattahoochee-flint river basin

                11/26/2024 
            

                the u.s. army corps of engineers, mobile district, invites the public to attend a meeting to discuss proposed water control management operations updates at several usace projects in the...
            


mobile district to host public meeting on the gulfport harbor feasibility study

                11/22/2024 
            

                the u.s. army corps of engineers, mobile district, in partnership with the mississippi state port authority (gulfport), the non-federal sponsor for the gulfport harbor feasibility study, invites the...
            







view more









trending


emergency permit procedures for the states of alabama and mississippi within the boundaries of the mobile district
lake lanier master plan update
proctor creek ecosystem restoration feasibility study
coastal resiliency program
alabama coastal comprehensive plan
sweetwater creek flood risk management study
port of gulfport expansion project








public notice



mobile district completes ilr/tea of the operational analysis and targeted water control plan updates for the acf the u.s. army corps of engineers, mobile district, announces completion of the integrated letter report and tiered environmental assessment (ilr/tea) of the operational analysis and targeted water control plan updates for the apalachicola-chattahoochee-flint river basin (acf) in alabama, florida, and georgia. this involves water control management operations updates at several usace projects in the apalachicola-chattahoochee-flint (acf) river basin.  

the water control manual updates include changes to the following appendices:

appendix c - acf master manual revisions
appendix d – acf west point water control plan revisions
appendix e – acf walter f. george water control plan revisions
appendix f – acf george andrews water control plan revisions
appendix g – acf drought contingency plan revisions
published: 1/8/2025joint public availability notice – cedar grove drainage improvements project, jackson county, mississippi.   interested persons are hereby notified that the u.s. army corps of engineers (usace), mobile district proposes construction actions associated with the cedar grove drainage improvements project, jackson county, mississippi.
published: 12/18/2024
> see more 
 


























rrs beta









          
          
          
          
 
 
 












essayons








our mission
deliver vital engineering solutions, in collaboration with our partners, to secure our nation, energize our economy, and reduce disaster risk.


about the mobile district  website
this is the official public website of the mobile district, u.s. army corps of engineers. for website corrections, write to cesam-pa@usace.army.mil













accessibilitycontact usquality factslink disclaimerno fear actprivacy & securitysite mapusa.govsmall businessplain languageopen governmenteeo & sharp


rssigfoiaisalute



















hosted by defense media activity - web.mil














