




christopher g kolar home page






christopher kolar
director of research and assessment
palo
alto unified school district
department of research, evaluation, and assessment
the research building
25 churchill ave
palo alto, ca 94306



contact
tel. 650.833.4223
ckolar@pausd.org



projects
department of
research, evaluation, and assessment
the pausd department of research,
evaluation, and assessment is responsible for supporting district
administration, school level leaders, teachers the with the
tools, expertise, and processess
professional
associations

committee
for the advancement of stem specialty schools
(casss)
national
consortium for specialized secondary schools of mathematics,
science, and technology
(ncsssmst)
board member
american
educational research association
(aera)
american
evaluation association
(aea)
american
psychological association
(apa)
association for institutional
research
(air)
association for supervision and
curriculum development
(ascd)
national
association for gifted children
(nagc)

instruction

2004-11:
sophomore navigation
intersession
2009: baseball statistics and data
informed management
with max mcgee and scott powers
intersession 2005: survey
research: design and analysis
intersession
2002: linguistics and natural language
understanding
with chris colburn





professional
interests
my professional
work in california has focused on enabling teachers and
administration in the use of student data to support teaching and
learning. i serve on the minority achievement and talent
development committee in support of the district's equity
plan. i have also expanded the capture and use of data to support
social emotional learning (sel) initiatives in the district, and
have been engaged in work on improvements to student
scheduling.
i continue to
contribute work to a national study of intermediate-term stem-school graduate
outcomes under the direction of rena subotnik at the apa and
funded by the nsf.




papers and
presentatiions
(imsa digital commons)
bonds, c., kolar, c., (2014, november). issues relevant to
expanding specialized stem schools in the us. moderators of
special pleanary
session of the national consortium for stem specialy schools
professional conference, baltimore, md.
kolar, c.,
rosine, c. (2014, november). revisiting a selective stem high school
admissions policy: 7 years later. presented at the ncsss/nagc
annual conference, baltimore, md.
kolar, c.,
rosine, c. (2014, october). retention of talented stem students in the
illinois higher education pipeline: initial baccalaureate
outcomes of imsa graduates. poster presented at the illinois
education research council annual conference, bloomington,
il.
piontek, m.,
kolar, c. (2014, october). evaluation of the illinois mathematics
and science academy's fusion program: impact on teachers'
professional practice. presented at the illinois education
research council annual conference, bloomington, il.
almarode, j.,
crowe, e., kolar, c., & lee, g.m. (2014, april) high school
contributions to the development of presidential early career
awardees in science and engineering (pecase). national science
teachers association: national conference on stem education.
boston, ma.
subotnik, r.,
almarode, j., brody, l., kolar, c., & bonds, c. (2014,
march). stem talent development policies for adolescents: lessons
from a study of specialized science high schools. the wallace
research and policy symposium. washington, dc.
christopher
kolar. (2013, november). measurement and modeling of higher order
skills in stem talent development using the college and work
readiness assessment (cwra). to be presented at the national
association for gifted children annual conference, indianapolis,
in
christopher
kolar. (2013, may). a whole-school approach to stem—what
you need to know. invited presenter at the nsta stem forum and
expo, st. louis, mo.
subotnik,
r., & kolar, c. (2012, november). multi-level outcomes of
specialized science high schools study. presented at the national
consortium for specialized secondary schools of mathematics,
science, and technology professional conference, denver,
co.
kolar, c.
(2012, november). an essential introduction to program logic
modeling. presented at the illinois association for institutional
research conference, peoria, il.
mcgee, g.
“max”, & kolar, c. (2012a). reaction, reflections
and ramifications. in crowe, e., & subotnik, r. f. (eds.).
impacts of teacher evaluation and professional development on
student outcomes, levers of change: bridging policy and
practice through multiple analyses of case studies. information
age publishing.
mcgee, g.
“max”, & kolar, c. (2012b). the case. in crowe,
e., & subotnik, r. f. (eds.). impacts of teacher
evaluation and professional development on student outcomes,
levers of change: bridging policy and practice through multiple
analyses of case studies. information age publishing.
kolar, c.,
sondel, h., (2012, may). learning from successful stem schools.
presented at the national science teachers association stem forum
and expo, atlantic city, nj
sondel, h.,
kolar, c. (2012, may). what is stem? what is a stem school?
presented at the national science teachers association stem forum
and expo, atlantic city, nj
kolar, c.,
sondel, h., (2011, november). preparing gifted students to
succeed in specialized stem high schools. presented at the
national association for gifted children annual conference, new
orleans, la
subotnik,
r., olszewski-kubilius, p., crowe, e., & kolar, c. (2011,
november). what if you could design a perfect environment for
adolescent talent development? would it take the form of a
special high school? presented at the national association for
gifted children annual conference, new orleans, la.
subotnik,
r., tai, r. h., crowe, e., & kolar, c. (2011, october).
results of a multi-site survey of specialized high school
graduates. presented at the national consortium for specialized
secondary schools of mathematics, science, and technology
professional conference, austin, tx.
kolar, c.,
& sondel, h. (2010, november). successful strategies of
specialized stem schools: application to public schools.
presented as a signature session at the national association for
gifted children annual conference, atlanta, ga.
subotnik,
r., crowe, e., thomson, d., kolar, c., & alamode, j. (2010,
november). an instrument for assessing the status of specialized
science high school program graduates. presented at the national
consortium for specialized secondary schools of mathematics,
science, and technology professional conference, atlanta,
ga.
subotnik,
r., alamode, j., kolar, c., crowe, e., & mcgee, m. (2010,
november). teacher evaluation in a specialized science high
school: a case study. presented at the national consortium for
specialized secondary schools of mathematics, science, and
technology professional conference, atlanta, ga.
alterkruse,
p., & kolar, c. (2010, november). boosting success for
under-served populations. presented at the national consortium
for specialized secondary schools of mathematics, science, and
technology professional conference, atlanta, ga.
kolar, c.,
& sondel, h. (2010). 
existing specialty schools as leverage for behavioral sciences
research on teaching and learning in stem fields (white paper
submitted to the national science foundation sbe: 2020 project on
future research in the social, behavioral, and economic
sciences.)
kolar, c.
(2010). evaluating instructional practice at special schools for
the gifted: a multi-method, multi-researcher case-study approach
-- the case. presented at the 2010 american educational research
association conference, denver, co.
subotnik,
r. f., kolar, c., olszewski-kubilius, p., & cross, t. l.
(2010). specialized science high schools: exploring contributions
of the model to adolescent talent development. 
roeper review, 32(1), 5. doi:10.1080/02783190903388849 (guest
editors of special issue on stem high schools.)
kolar, c.
(2009). evaluating secondary stem education over time. presented
at the national association for gifted children conference, st.
louis, mo.
scheppler,
j., styer, s., dosch, d., traina, j., & kolar, c. (2009).
student inquiry and research: developing students’
authentic inquiry skills. in r. e. yager (ed.), inquiry: the key to exemplary science.
national science teachers association. 
 (this
chapter is available as the sample on the book web
site.)
kolar, c.,
& ho-wisniewski, e. (2009). 
assessing high school gifted student progress in science through
misconceptions and mosart. presented at the 2009 american
educational research association conference, san diego,
ca.
kolar, c.
(2008). down the rabbit hole: learning and exploring data mining
practices in an ir shop. presented at the illinois association
for institutional research conference, st. charles, il. (supporting
materials)
kolar, c.
(2008). data for evidence-based decision making at specialized
science high schools. presented at the national association for
gifted children conference, tampa, fl.
scheppler,
j., & kolar, c. (2008). your
irb: educating students, monitoring student research, and
safeguarding students as research subjects. ncsssmst journal,
13(2), 19-28.
scheppler,
j., carlson, m., devol, d., & kolar, c. (2008). development,
evolution, and outcomes of the student inquiry and research.
presented at the national consortium for specialized secondary
schools of mathematics, science, and technology professional
conference, dallas, tx.
scheppler,
j., & kolar, c. (2008). your irb: monitoring student research
and safeguarding students as research subjects. presented at the
national consortium for specialized secondary schools of
mathematics, science, and technology professional conference,
dallas, tx.
ho-wisniewski, e., & kolar, c.
(2007, march). predictive ability of sat-m on obtaining a stem
degree. presented at the national consortium for specialized
secondary schools of mathematics, science, and technology
professional conference, philadelphia, pa.
kolar, c.
(2007, march). developing a comprehensive student data model.
presented at the national consortium for specialized secondary
schools of mathematics, science, and technology professional
conference, philadelphia, pa.
kolar, c.,
conyers, a., & sheinkopf, r. (2007, march). revising an
admissions policy to promote stem outcomes. presented at the
national consortium for specialized secondary schools of
mathematics, science, and technology professional conference,
philadelphia, pa.
scheppler,
j., & kolar, c. (2007, march). methods in scientific inquiry:
first year outcomes. presented at the national consortium for
specialized secondary schools of mathematics, science, and
technology professional conference, philadelphia, pa.
conyers,
a., kolar, c., & stauder, g. (2006, march). effective
practices in institutional research. paper presented at the
national consortium for specialized secondary schools of
mathematics, science, and technology professional conference, san
antonio, texas.
bisinger,
s., ho-wisniewski, e., & kolar, c. (2005). maintaining student engagement in
mathematics and science in the middle school years. presented
at the illinois education research consortium's focus on
illinois education research symposium, bloomington, il. june
2005.
kolar, c.
(2005). science, society, and community at imsa. presented at the
advanced international colloquium on building the scientific
mind. the hague, netherlands. may 2005. listen to an audio
recording of my presentation.
kolar, s.,
& kolar, c. (2005). 
parental decision-making and school funding in new housing
developments. paper presented at the american educational
research association convention 2005, montreal,
canada.
kolar, c.
(2005). using hierarchical linear modeling to understand student
growth over time. paper presented at the national consortium of
specialized secondary schools of mathematics, science, and
technology professional conference 2005 in st. louis,
mo.
pierce, j.,
holt, j., & kolar, c. (2004). testing the learner-centered model with data at
the college level. paper presented at the american
educational research association convention 2004 in san diego,
ca.
jacobson,
m. j., maouri, c. , mishra, p., & kolar, c. (1996). learning with hypertext learning environments:
theory, design, and research. journal of educational
multimedia and hypermedia, 5(3/4), 239-281.
kanfer, a.,
& kolar, c., (1995) what are communities doing on-line?
supercomputing '95 conference, december 1995, san diego,
california.




in
progress

pausd
human and animal subjects review committee (hasrc): founding
chair of the pausd irb.

in the
world

yerkes observatory of the university of chicago,
external evaluator for astronomy resources connecting schools
(arcs) project funded as part of the us
department of education's math and science partnerships
program
workbooks in science: "science as a creative
adventure of the mind." we are assisting the learning development
institute and the pari center for new learning in producing a series
of theme-based textbooks on mathematics and science. written by
prominent scholars and to be freely distributed in multiple world
languages, over 20 imsa students are working with the authors on
editing and field testing the texts.
institute for human and machine
cognition, external advisor for national alliance for
expertise studies proposal to nsf
learning development institute,
advanced
international colloquium on building the scientific
mind: participant and presenter.





misc

chris kolar central
information
follow me on twitter
chris kolar at research
gate
chris
kolar at linkedin
chris
kolar at slideshare
christopher kolar at academia.edu
my pgp public
key
herbert brun




ckolar@pausd.org


