



  















welcome to the trees®



















go




please check this website for any weather alert affecting class schedules. trees offers prelicense and cna courses by classroom, online, home study and zoom virtual formats as well as online and home study ce courses as low as $87 for 16 ce hours.$59 value now free!........now trees prelicense and office mgt. students can stream the free trees audio real estate glossary of over 650 real estate definitions.







faq
contact



call us today 800-572-8733live customer service, no phone menu (m-f)
help@tntrees.com



tennessee's oldest and largest real estate, appraisal, and home inspection school






toggle navigation







home
classes

licensing info 

affiliate broker
real estate broker
appraiser

home inspection
auctioneer



locations 

chattanooga
knoxville
murfreesboro
nashville - elm hill



about trees 

our history
our staff


faq
contact us
login











more than 125,000 trees® students
over 47 years of offering excellence in education





classroom, online, home study & zoom courses
weekday, weekend & night options





offering prelicense and c.e. courses
live customer service, no phone menus






courses








prelicense affiliate broker

"get your real estate license" course! required prelicense 60-hr course to take tn real estate license exam. trees prelicense course is approved by the tn real estate commission to take the tn real estate license exam.classroom, online, home study, zoom
more details
 

course new affiliates, cna

"course for new affiliate brokers" or cna, mandatory 30-hr course for real estate license issuance from tn real estate commission.trees is approved by the tn real estate commission to teach this required cna course.classroom, online, home study, zoom
more details
 

real estate ce

trees offers a variety of continuing education, ce, courses for the affiliate broker 16-hour ce requirement, including the mandatory 6-hour core course. also, trees ce courses are approved to meet the broker post education requirement as well. and there are no final exams for 8-hour or less courses!online, home study, classroom
more details










crash license prep

very effective and intense 1 day crash/cram course to better prepare affiliate broker and broker license candidates to pass the tn license exam. offering both classroom and online/internet courses.classroom, online
more details
 

pre-broker course

"office & brokerage management", 30-hr required course to take the tn broker license exam. not approved for ce hours.classroom, online/internet
more details
 

appraisal

need appraisal trainee, continuing education, license upgrade or exam prep education? trees offers a full curriculum of real estate appraisal courses for trainee, continuing education, license upgrade or exam prep by online and livestreaming/zoom-type presentations.online/internet
more details










home inspection

american academy of home inspection, aaohi, is a division of trees and offers home inspection prelicense both classroom & online. also, home study home inspection ce courses are available.classroom, home study, and online
more details
 

vls/str license

trees offers the 1-day prelicense vacation lodging services, vls (short term rental, str) classroom zoom course taught by a tn real estate commission approved instructor. also, trees offers online and home study vls/str ce courses.classroom, home study, and online
more details
 

auctioneer ce

too busy to attend auctioneer ce classes? trees offers online auctioneer ce courses approved by the tn auctioneer commission.online
more details










why trees®


tennessee's oldest & largest real estate school
founded 1975 with over 125,000 students
professional, experienced, licensed instructors
classroom, online, home study, and zoom courses




live customer service, no phone menus
chattanooga, knoxville, murfreesboro, and nashville locations
veteran founded, veteran owned
courses approved by tn regulatory commission








schedule of classes


 
aug
04


60 hr. prelicense i & ii
chattanooga



 
aug
18


60 hr. prelicense i &ii remote "zoom" app
zoom



 
aug
18


super crash review
chattanooga



 
dec
13


vacation lodging services or short term rental prelicense zoom course
zoom



 
mar
03


super crash review
murfreesboro


all classes

what our students say

“love the humor, knowledge, stories, advice and real-world implications”
“it was a lot of information in a short amount of time and the instructor made it enjoyable”
“instructors knowledge very helpful and made the class fun’

“instructor did a great job and made the class interesting”
“enjoyed listening to real life examples from instructors”
“the course was very intense, but covered everything we needed to know.”
“thanks for making the class fun!”





featured message






                                        if a trees classroom student is registered for a certain course and the student:1.  does not attend that registered course and then wants to transfer to a future course or2. before a registered course starts, student is unable to attend & contacts trees to transfer to another coursefirst transfer is free.  2nd or more transfers, a $30 fee is charged.  no charge for medical reasons with documentation.


















quick links

tn real estate commission
tn real estate appraiser commission
tn home inspection program
tn auctioneer commission
affilate broker & broker education verification
tennessee realtors association
trees bookstore
visit our online store for books, cds, ebooks, and more.
go to trees store













about

contact us
privacy policy









contact us




t.r.e.e.s. ®
5705 marlin road
5900 building suite 1300
chattanooga, tn 37411


800-572-8733
help@tntrees.com










copyright @ 2025 t.r.e.e.s. | website by episode49





















