










physicians for human rights - phr


















































skip to content


 








search for:




close

our work

focus areas

asylum and persecution
attacks on health care
killings/mass atrocities
reproductive justice
sexual violence
torture
weapons
when doctors harm


where we work

democratic republic of the congo
ethiopia
iraq
kenya
syria
ukraine
united states
view all countries >


how we work

we document
we advocate
we empower


resources

blog
press releases
reports
webinars
multimedia
view all resources >




get involved

participate

attorneys: request a forensic evaluation
health professionals: join the asylum network
join the national student program


take action

justice for separated families
protect abortion care in the united states
demand accountability for ukraine


subscribe


impact

our impact

forensic evidence brings justice to srebrenica
justice for the children of kavumu
ridding the world of a deadly scourge
the campaign to free the alaei doctors


successes

justice through innovation
the quiet hero of guantánamo
a victory against u.s. torture




support us

support us

online
monthly
planned giving
donate by mail
donate stock
donate by wire transfer
donation faq
donor-advised funds
workplace giving




about

about

careers & internships
our history
annual reports
diversity, equity, and inclusion
annual gala
financials


our people

board of directors
advisory council
experts
staff


contact us


 



donate 












 
 


what do trump's first moves mean for health and human rights? read our new blog.




through evidence, change is possible. 






 

we document.




we document.
we use the power of science and forensic medicine to establish a fact-based record of human rights abuses.








 

we empower.




we empower.
we enable front line human rights defenders to expose violations and hold perpetrators accountable.








 

we advocate.




we advocate.
we use our authoritative voice to protect human rights and end impunity for perpetrators. 










 

caring for child survivors of sexual violence
in the drc, phr and our partners are supporting child survivors of sexual violence through the creation of child-friendly spaces.

watch the video 






featured




 



about us

about us

for more than 35 years, physicians for human rights (phr) has used… 
continue reading





 



internships at phr

internships at phr

physicians for human rights takes pride in its strong internship program. every… 
continue reading





 



about us | annual reports

annual reports

sign up to receive our newsletters and updates. 
continue reading








latest news
all news



statements
u.s. foreign aid freeze disrupts lifesaving health care, services for survivors of sexual violence midst deadly conflict in democratic republic of the congo: phr 
february 12, 2025




press release
media advisory: pivotal court of appeal hearing tuesday in landmark election-related sexual violence case in kenya
february 2, 2025




press release
doctors trapped in hospitals, clinics under fire in eastern democratic republic of the congo (drc): phr
february 1, 2025







in focus




 



blog 


what trump’s first moves mean for health and human rights 


president trump’s policy agenda looks to compound suffering, threaten public health, and violate fundamental rights.   





 



tools and guides 


child-centered documentation toolkit 


table of contents introduction conflict-related sexual violence is an enduring problem globally. the burden of this violence often affects the most vulnerable within society,… 





 



report 


health care in the dark: the impacts of russian attacks on energy in ukraine  


russia’s direct attacks on health facilities, as well as strikes on energy infrastructure with reported impact on health care facilities, have impeded health care… 





 



blog 


teaching the tools of change: how a new curriculum for medical students in kenya is advancing care for survivors of gender-based violence  


the united nations reports that more than one in three women have experienced physical or sexual violence at some point in their lives. research… 





 



report 


“massive influx of cases”: health worker perspectives on conflict-related sexual violence in eastern democratic republic of the congo  


health care workers in drc have reported a “massive influx of cases” of conflict-related sexual violence among adults and children. 





 



brief 


delayed and denied: how florida’s six-week abortion ban criminalizes medical care 


florida's extreme abortion ban has created an unworkable legal landscape that endangers both patients and clinicians. 





 



brief 


supporting survivors of torture and conflict-related sexual violence in ukraine 


phr assessed the medico-legal documentation pathway in ukraine to identify opportunities to strengthen systems to center survivors’ well-being, autonomy, and access to remedies. 





 



blog 


under the shadow of conflict: q&a with health professionals network for tigray   


one year after the international community shut down a united nations monitoring mechanism, health workers in ethiopia say the crisis in their country is… 





 



report 


deadly failures: preventable deaths in u.s. immigration detention 


the department of homeland security’s internal oversight mechanisms have failed to conduct rigorous investigations, impose meaningful consequences, or improve conditions that cause immigrants to… 





 



blog 


visual diary: caring for child survivors of sexual violence in eastern democratic republic of congo   


child-rights experts from physicians for human rights are collaborating with clinicians at heal africa to care for thousands of people displaced by conflict in… 





 



blog 


in iraq, a new tool helps forensic doctors document sexual violence and torture    


during its 2014 offensive, isis waged horrific violence in iraq. isis targeted religious minorities, including the yazidis, who suffered brutal attacks on their communities.… 





 



case study 


coercion and control: ukraine’s health care system under russian occupation 


press release available in english and ukrainian. executive summary this case study expands on existing documentation of russia’s widespread and systematic attacks on ukraine’s health care system.… 











donate



$50


$100


$250


$500


$1000




donate




 

get updates from phr


subscribe


 







shared in the 1997nobel peace prize



facebookx (formerly twitter)instagramlinkedinyoutube





home
our work
 


 




© physicians for human rights 2025 


phr privacy policy
 






















