     
      food not bombs   
  
   
   
 
food not bombs  site navigation 

 home 
 events 
 news 
 faq 
 volunteer 
 donate
  locations
 
  jump to bottom of page    
   foodnotbombs.net | home   
  "a
nation that continues year after year to spend more money on military
defense than on programs of social uplift is approaching spiritual
death." martin luther king, jr.  

 
 wars are raging across the world while millions are going hungry.
the number of americans becoming homeless increased by 18% in 2024 up
from the 11% increase in 2023. child poverty in the us more than doubled
in the last 12 months. between as many a a dozen seniors call the food
not bombs hunger hotline each day seeking home delivery of groceries
often reporting that they have not eaten in days. volunteers are still
organizing to provide relief to those suffering from the ravages of
hurricane helene. war refugees are lining up for our meals in europe and
the americas. as the economy grows more dire the number of people
seeking support from food not bombs has never been so great. volunteers
are busy providing food at labor strikes, palestinian actions and in
defense of undocumented workers. food not bombs is also celebrating our 45th anniversary this may 24, 2025.  as the deep state controlled trump
administration and their supporters in congress threaten to cut snap and
other social safety nets people are finding community and hope by
participating with food not bombs. please join us.
/a> when a billion people go hungry each day, how can
we spend another dollar on war?  food not bombs is an all-volunteer
movement that recovers food that would otherwise be discarded, and
shares free vegan and vegetarian meals with the hungry in over 1,000
cities in 65 countries in protest to war, poverty, and destruction of
the environment. we are not a charity but dedicated to taking nonviolent
direct action. our movement has no headquarters or positions of
leadership and we use the process of consensus to make decisions. we
also provide food and supplies to the survivors of natural disasters,
and people participating in occupations, strikes, marches and other
protests. please make a donation
today
       subscribe to our email list * indicates
required  email
address  *     first name 
 
 last name 
 
 phone 

  donation
   
select your interests  food not bombs news
news about keith mchenry's new
book volunteering  
 email format 
html
text
   
         

fnb
videos    introduction animation a short animation
explaining fnb.    35 years of
food not bombs hear this amazing story of one man's dream that
reached out and touched the world. food not bombs now has chapters all
over the planet.       
   

links
and useful information
   protests and gatherings join us in changing the
world
 events   
    volunteer start a fnb group in your town! volunteer   
  
   the anarchist cookbook a must read during the
uprising
 download   
    store books, t-shirts and other fnb
materials! materials   
  
   hunger for peace how you can help end poverty
and war with food not bombs check out the book      fnb tours the
food not bombs college tour follow the tour   

 tel. 575-770-3377  | 1-800-884-1136  |  p.o. box 422 -
santa cruz, ca 95061 usa
 back to top ↑ 
   fnb-network  our
story events faq's blog store locations global
coordination

   free-skool 
mission
statement photos
applications
   lend a helping hand 
donate volunteer flyers
   connect 
facebook twitter google+ youtube
 
 

     

