



hungrymonster is recipes and food facts




































home
recipes

categories
search
add a recipe
calculator
glossary of terms
cooking library
bar guide


glossary

search terms
international cuisines

international cuisines list
french regional cuisine
roman cuisine
tapas cuisine
tuscany cuisine


food facts

food facts list
souvlaki
citrus guide
merry christmas - food and bev
tea glossary
cabbage guide


diner lingo
glossary of food terms


jokes
login

become a member
member login

























amazing spring rolls
these fresh spring rolls are even better than you’d find at a restaurant.
view recipe






asian food
try some thing new at home with some asian.
view recipe





pastries
do you like to bake? we have some amazing recipes for you.
view recipe





cakes
cake. do we need to say more? 
view recipe





salads
salads are never dull. try something new and exciting.
view recipe





seafood
shrinp, crab and the bounty of the sea.
view recipe





cupcakes
cupcakes make everyone happy.
view recipe






burgers
beef, chicken and fish. they all make great burgers 
view recipe





chocolate cake
chocolate is great any time and will make anyone smile.
view recipe





turkey
from holiday cooking to a family dinner. turkey is easy.
view recipe





chocolate
chocolate. do we need to say more?
view recipe





coffee
tired of the same old coffee? try a new recipe.
view recipe





pasta
pasta is a cooking staple, but dont let it get boring. try a new recipe.
view recipe











































welcome to hungrymonster!
recipes and food facts to make you a better cook.
we're dedicated to bringing you the best recipes, cooking, restaurant and dining information on the internet.  our service will educate, inform and make you hungry!  our mission is to present all aspects of dining at restaurants in your area, or wherever your destination may be.  our search tools and cuisine and food glossaries, allow you to make more informed decisions in your dining experience.





cuisines from around the world




soul
soul food describes food traditionally eaten by african americans of the southern united states, and includes chitterlings, ham hocks, and collard greens. 
soul food restaurants are mostly located in the south, but can also be found in major northern cities such as chicago. with the exception of chitterlings, which are characteristic of african american cookery, soul food could apply to white 
read more





bahamian
although virtually any type of international food can be found in the islands of the bahamas, it would be a mistake to miss an opportunity to sample the local cuisine. no matter where you are, you won't have any difficulty finding plenty of restaurants serving bahamian cuisine and fresh local seafood at reasonable prices. 
seafood is the staple of the bahamian diet. conch (pronounced konk) is 
read more





icelandic
icelandic food in general is based on fish and lamb, as well as owing much to scandinavian and european influences. the salmon of iceland is a great delicacy, served in many forms, one of the most popular being gravlax, a form of marination. fishing is iceland's most important export, accounting for some 80% of the country's gross national product. there is also a heavy emphasis on vegetables grow
read more






recipes

tofu tacos
no-cholesterol passover angel food cake
aubergine with pork and prawns

recipes

butterscotch-peanut fudge
shrimp dip on tray
noodle kugel

recipes

angel hair with pink tomato sauce and peas
whole flounder with herb marinade
indian chicken breasts in fiery almond cashew ginger sauce
mini zucchini souffles
ham and pineapple kabobs

view more 






 












join us on facebook
join us on twitter
need help? contact us





© 1998 - 2025 hungrymonster.comtm, llc.all rights reserved. | 
						 privacy policy








 