






reviewing yacht promenade and hotels lifestyle – eat all day, party all night, yacht hotel club review phuket























skip to content


reviewing yacht promenade and hotels lifestyle
eat all day, party all night, yacht hotel club review phuket
menu and widgets





recent posts

buffet restaurants in bangkok thailand
karon beach hotel phuket, stayed near phoenix
takeaway: trip to thailand in 2021. stay in sansabai road
takeaway: trip to thailand in 2021. first time in phuket. stay in patong.

tags

andatel hotel in patong phuket
andatel patong
bangkok
bangkok hotel
bangkok nana
buffet restaurants in bangkok
enzo matcha
enzomatcha
enzo stevia
enzostevia
hotel in patong
hotels
hungryhub
karon
karon beach
karon beach hotel
karon beach phuket
karon hotel
karon hotel near the beach
kata beach
mirage patong
mirage patong hotel
nana bangkok hotel
nana hotel
nana hotel in bangkok
patong
patong beach
patong beach hotel
patong hotel
patong hotel phuket
patong phuket
patong sansabai hotel
phoenix karon
phoenix patong
phoenix patong hotel
phuket
restaurants in bangkok
sansabai road
thailand

categories


bangkok


phuket

thailand hotels


enzo stevia



archives

september 2021


categories


bangkok


phuket











buffet restaurants in bangkok thailand 
i love buffet restaurants, when i am in bangkok i stayed in royal ivory nana hotel they have buffet breakfast included. buffet restaurants are a great way to save money, but are they really worth it?
i recently read an article about the states/countries with the most buffet restaurants. it said thailand came in second, but they only have one buffet per every 137000 people. now, this is not including hotels or resorts. singapore is singapore’s highest ranking country. they have one buffet per every 6000 people.
my stayed in royal ivory nana hotel bangkok

i would like to thank you and royal ivory nana hotel for organizing a wonderful stay for us. the service we received was amazing and we believe we made the right choice by choosing to stay with royal ivory. the hotel’s amenities were delightful and the staff were helpful and friendly. the location was perfect and we really enjoyed bangkok as a whole. the food was also delicious and we enjoyed the breakfast buffet every day. it was great to have such an amazing hotel with such a great location.
i have to find my next buffet meal in hungryhub app the most popular buffet app in bangkok. hungryhub app is a very simple app that helps you find the closest buffets around you wherever you are in bangkok. it has a map of all buffets near your location on the map. when you hover over the location bar, it will say the name of the buffet, open hours, address, phone number, pictures of the buffet, and its prices.

the app is very simple to use. you can either use it for fun or to make it easier on your wallet eat out more often. i think this is a great app for the foodies looking for new restaurants.
the first time i went to bangkok, the first thing i did after checking in was to search for a buffet restaurants in bangkok. it turns out, bangkok has a number of buffets that are perfect for tourists. i am not sure of the name of the restaurant i ate at, but i had an excellent experience with the food. it had many different options, including many of my favorite thai dishes, as well as more western dishes. the staff was excellent, and the ambiance was great.

royal ivory nana hotel bangkok
address: 73 sukhumvit 4 alley, khwaeng khlong toei, khlong toei, bangkok 10110, thailandphone: +66 2 656 7518payment method accepted: cash, credit card, bank transferhours:
monday open 24 hours
tuesday open 24 hours
wednesday open 24 hours
thursday open 24 hours
friday open 24 hours
saturday open 24 hours
sunday open 24 hourswebsite:www.royalivory.com/
social linkswww.pinterest.com/royalivorybangkok/www.facebook.com/royalivorylhotelbangkok/www.youtube.com/watch?v=yna0mvzloy4nana-hotel-bangkok.tumblr.com/www.instagram.com/bangkok.times/www.linkedin.com/in/royal-ivory-nana-hotel-bangkok-9992a9199/sukhumvit-nana-hotel-bangkok.business.site/


posted on categories bangkoktags bangkok, bangkok hotel, bangkok nana, buffet restaurants in bangkok, hungryhub, nana bangkok hotel, nana hotel, nana hotel in bangkok, restaurants in bangkok karon beach hotel phuket, stayed near phoenix 
location, amenities, prices of karon beach hotel. located next to phoenix karon hotel the karon beach hotel is located in the beautiful beach town of karon in phuket, thailand. the hotel offers beach views, close proximity to other karon beaches, and many other amenities.
karon beach hotel offers their guests beach views. close proximity to other beaches in the area. the karon beach hotel is conveniently located in the beautiful beach town of karon in phuket. the hotel offers their guests beach views and close proximity to other beaches in the area. there are different rates at this hotel based on availability. the rates range from $65 to $140 per night.

what people are saying about karon beach hotel.
karon beach hotel is a family-friendly hotel that is located on the scenic and pristine beach. the staff is very accommodating and the prices are low.
karon beach hotel has a lot of great reviews that center around their location and the beach. however, there were some people who had negative opinions about the hotel lack of amenities but have great wifi.
what to do in phuket while staying in karon beach hotel
situated at the southern edge of phuket, be sure to stay at our very own karon beach hotel! with only a few minutes away from the stunning kata beach, it is one of the top destinations in all of thailand.

be sure to visit the hotel’s outdoor pool, which is situated next to the mouth of the hotel’s duck pond. have a leisurely breakfast on your veranda before heading down to the beach. if swimming is more your speed, there is a short walk to kata beach on the other side of the hotel! while there make sure to try out our onsite restaurant for a delicious meal. after an exhausting takeaway: karon beach hotel is a nice 3 star hotel in phuket that is close to phoenix.
carol is a recent guest at the karon beach hotel. she enjoyed her stay and would recommend it to others. read the blog post from karon beach hotel to learn more about the hotel and to get a feel for the hospitality that is offered.


karon beach phoenix hotel หาดกะรน
address: 558/1 patak rd, karon, amphoe mueang phuket, phuket 83100, thailanddirections
contact +66 76 530 611
check-in time 2:00 pm
check-out time 12:00 pm
hours:
monday open 24 hours
tuesday open 24 hours
wednesday open 24 hours
thursday open 24 hours
friday open 24 hours
saturday open 24 hours
sunday open 24 hours
website:www.phoenixhotelkaron.comg.page/karonhotel/twitter.com/hotelkaronwww.facebook.com/karonhotel/www.pinterest.com/hotelkaron/www.instagram.com/karonhotel/hotelkaron.tumblr.com/



posted on categories phukettags karon, karon beach, karon beach hotel, karon beach phuket, karon hotel, karon hotel near the beach, kata beach, phoenix karon, phuket takeaway: trip to thailand in 2021. stay in sansabai road 

staying in soi sansabai, phuket : mirage patong hotel and phoenix patong hotel
the area of soi sansabai is filled with some of the best hotels in the world. mirage patong hotel and phoenix patong hotel are two of these hotels, and they are both great options for staying the night. the mirage patong hotel is an excellent option for those who are looking for something affordable. the hotel was recently renovated, which means that the rooms are nicer than they were before the renovation. rooms start at about $35, which is not bad at all. the phoenix patong hotel is in a slightly more expensive range. rooms in this hotel start at about $45 per night. there are the luxury suites in the hotel that are really ordering stevia from amazon and matcha tea from enzo.

the stevia i ordered from amazon is very good and the taste is not too overpowering.
i ordered the stevia i ordered from amazon is very good and the taste is not too overpowering. i have tried other brands in the past but they were too strong so i gave up on adding sweetener to my coffee. i just wanted to find something that would not overpower the flavor of my coffee without being too sweet. the stevia i ordered from amazon is very good and the taste is not too overpowering. i like that it is not too acidic and that i can leave it in water for a few hours and the taste doesn’t change. the matcha tea i ordered from enzo is really good and doesn’t taste like any other tea i’ve ever had before. one of the best things about it is that there is no bitterness and i really like that it has a deep and fresh flavour and it is not bitter.

i have been drinking tea for almost ten years now, including an entire season working at a tea shop. i have never had a tea that tastes so good before. the matcha tea i ordered from enzo will not leave you with an unpleasant after taste in your mouth. one of the main reasons i love this tea is that it is not bitter, which is one of the features that i absolutely despise in most teas. it has a deep and fresh flavour that i really enjoy.
mirage patong phuket hotel
address: 184 25-28 ถนน ผังเมืองสาย ก pa tong, kathu district, phuket 83150, thailandphone: +66 76 540 961
hours:
monday open 24 hours
tuesday open 24 hours
wednesday open 24 hours
thursday open 24 hours
friday open 24 hours
saturday open 24 hours
sunday open 24 hourssocial linkwww.facebook.com/miragepatong/twitter.com/miragepatongwww.pinterest.com/miragepatong/www.instagram.com/explore/locations/249637395/thailand/patong/mirage-patong-phuket-hotel/



posted on categories phukettags hotel in patong, mirage patong, mirage patong hotel, patong beach, patong hotel, patong hotel phuket, patong sansabai hotel, phoenix patong, phoenix patong hotel, phuket, sansabai road takeaway: trip to thailand in 2021. first time in phuket. stay in patong. 
i wrote a ton of bright, fun commentaries about phuket. after having spent a week in phuket, i can say that it was one of the best cities i have ever visited. the weather was magical, the airport was clean, the locals were friendly, and the food was delicious. i also enjoyed hanging out in karon beach, which is a great place for enjoying summer activities in phuket. i rented a scooter for the week and drove around the city without any problems. my favorite meal was at an adorable little restaurant called kow kow. i definitely recommend eating at this restaurant for anyone who visits the city. now that i am back in america, i miss phuket in a way that i have never missed a city before.

the andatel patong hotel phuket is a 3 star hotel located in the popular tourist destination of patong. patong is a seaside resort area on the east coast of the island of phuket ( пхукет.com ), thailand. it has a nice beach, several notable beaches, and a coral reef offshore. it has all the amenities you would expect of a resort town, including numerous bars, restaurants, beach resorts, and nightlife. patong is also the hub of the island’s tourism industry.
the andatel patong hotel phuket offers modern facilities for travelers to enjoy. the hotel features air-conditioned rooms with satellite television, refrigerator, private bathroom with hot shower,
when traveling to tropical destinations, some hotels are better suited for extended stays. the andatel patong hotel offers modern facilities for travelers to enjoy. the hotel features air-conditioned rooms with satellite television, refrigerator, private bathroom with hot shower, and complimentary high-speed wi-fi access. if you are looking for a relaxing getaway or retreat, then the andatel patong hotel is an ideal destination.

the andatel patong hotel is located in the heart of patong on the island of phuket. whether you are looking for an excursion on the beach, shopping, dining, or nightlife, the hotel is centrally located to satisfy your every need. welcome to paradise!
where to eat phuket beaches
if you’re looking for a great place to eat on phuket beaches, my favorite is a small restaurant called poseidon restaurant. the restaurant is located next to the patong beach and the food is always fresh and delicious. it’s my favorite place to eat when i’m in a hurry and don’t have a lot of time to look around for a new restaurant, but the food here is always good, and the service is great! the prices are a little high, but i always end up with enough food left over to enjoy later when i’m in a hurry, which makes for a quick and delicious meal later at home.

andatel grande patong phuket hotel
address: 41/9, 200 ซอย ราษฎร์อุทิศ 200 ปี 1 pa tong, phuket, 83150, thailandphone: +66 76 290 482hours:
monday open 24 hours
tuesday open 24 hours
wednesday open 24 hours
thursday open 24 hours
friday open 24 hours
saturday open 24 hours
sunday open 24 hourssocial media:www.facebook.com/andatelpatonghotel/twitter.com/andatelwww.pinterest.com/andatelpatongwww.youtube.com/channel/uca3zwmzjon6u4lefzja5zwqg.page/patonghotel/www.linkedin.com/company/andatel-grande-patong-beachwww.instagram.com/phuketalive/andatelgrandepatongphukethotel.tumblr.com/



posted on categories phukettags andatel hotel in patong phuket, andatel patong, enzo matcha, enzo stevia, enzomatcha, enzostevia, hotels, patong, patong beach hotel, patong hotel, patong phuket, phuket, thailand 






				proudly powered by wordpress			







