














welcome to marysvale and the pauite atv trail - the original information source.























































discover
               the adventure
                      of marysvale











home attractions local services history map to marysvale the big map statistics & facts paiute atv trail gps information buy the trail book buy the trail map atv photo gallery 1 atv photo gallery 2 weather information search our website piute county information utah heritage highway 89 atv chat forums atvutah.com















contact the
            webmaster

copyright




 
 
 
 



 




 





www.atvutah.com



  


  



 






















 













welcome to marysvale!

















please take a minute 
                                        and fill out our utah visitors survey.
                                        
 click 
                                        here













                    home of south-central utah's 900+ mile paiute atv trail system, 
                    a trail system with no beginning and no end, making it the largest 
                    in the nation! it passes through multiple towns and has side 
                    trails leading to others. dirt wheels magazine rated the paiute 
                    atv trail as one of the top 10 trail systems in the country. 
                    it has been rated as one of the top 5 trails in the country 
                    by atv illustrated magazine. many riders consider the paiute 
                    trial to be the top us trail system.  the main #01 loop 
                    trail is 238 miles long, with over 800+ miles of marked side 
                    trails and 1900+ miles of additional accessible side forest 
                    roads and trails, so we suggest that you do it in segments.







 






the paiute atv trail caters to relaxing and 
                    family-type riding. riders along the trails enjoy the scenery 
                    and atmosphere of a deeply dense forest, as well as popular 
                    activities such as fishing or camping near the path. it is truly 
                    impossible to put in writing how people must feel as they sit 
                    on a ridge at 11,000 feet looking a hundred miles into the distance, 
                    or maneuver their machine through a dense forest on a four-foot-wide 
                    trail. the surge of joy and wonder when people see a free-roaming 
                    herd of deer or elk is hard to describe. while taking a break 
                    on a beautiful canyon trail, one would have to think, "it would 
                    be impossible to describe this place - you have to be here!" 
                    

                    					best 
                    estimates are that just the #01 loop would take 25 hours to 
                    ride just this section, without much time for pictures or anything 
                    else. with the many side trips and access roads into towns around 
                    the trail system the number of miles you can travel adds up 
                    to be considerably more than 2800+ miles of trails and routes. 
                    unless your tush is made of some of the hard minerals mined 
                    from our surrounding mountains, you can travel an average of 
                    60-70 miles a day comfortably on an atv. 
                    for more detailed information on the paiute atv trail we have 
                    published the paiute atv trail guide book with detailed descriptions 
                    about it and it's many sections. you can order it here on our 
                    web site.




the paiute atv trail is also 
                    home to one of the best utv jamboree in the nation. the
                    paiute utv jamboree, held 
                    each august in marysvale utah, is a must do event.  so 
                    come on out and enjoy the jamboree.

get 
                    your 

free 
                    paiute atv trail ride coupon here!
            
                    to ride the trail is actually free 
                    but i thought we had to give away something!  





the businesses listed here on
                    www.marysvale.org 
                    are extremely supportive of the paiute trails and i highly recommend 
                    you and everyone support them. if you do not see a business 
                    you have heard of listed here, you might reconsider your options 
                    and spend your money with one who is. 
if you would like your business listed in 
                    our business listings section
                    
                    contact the webmaster
                    we are no longer limiting the listings to just marysvale business 
                    owners. 






just where
                    exactly is
marysvale?


at the heart of the



^--- click 
                    here---^











order it today










we are now taking orders for the all new "paiute 
			atv trail guide book".   page after page of detailed information on 
			the paiute atv trails. photos, maps, gps data for every intersection and point of interest 
			on the trail, tip and tricks for riding the paiute atv trails. divided into the major sections 
			of this mammoth trail system and includes information on how to access the trails from each 
			community surrounding the trail system and much more.




item name: paiute atv 
			trail guide book
			price: $19.95 plus shipping and handling
price shown does not include shipping or handling 













 


item name: paiute atv trail, #708 trails illustrated 
			map and paiute atv trail guide book combo pack. 

price: $69.90 plus shipping and handling. 
price shown does not include shipping or handling 
















we accept the following credit cards online.
			









for information on other areas to ride in 
                    utah we invite you to check out
                    www.atvutah.com
their motto


                    if you eat, sleep, walk and talk atvs and utah then you've come 
                    to the right place!  
                    atvutah.com was built as a way for atv enthusiasts to get the 
                    latest and greatest information on atv riding in utah.



 
                    





all newly revised 
                                for 2011



"the 
                                paiute atv trail topographical guide maps."




contains new trails not shown 
                                on previous versions.
















created using the national 
                                geographic's topo!® software. this is 
                                the highest detail level map available for utah's 
                                world famous paiute atv trail.
read more 
                                information
buy 
                                it now
 

 





























  












© 
        1996-2016 by 
        bushman web services. 
        please read our 
copyright. 
        all rights reserved











 


 





















back to the top of the page





this 
            page was last updated
            thursday, june 23, 2016 
            - the new marysvale.org as of 2-16-2003






