















home | health sciences | west virginia university












skip to main content




west virginia university












health sciences




view menu









                                    education
                                



                                    changing health
                                



                                    research
                                



                                    community
                                



                                    who we are
                                



resources



















make a difference now.
as the state’s only comprehensive academic health sciences center, west virginia university students, educators, healthcare professionals and scientists have a vast impact on communities across the region, and they start making a difference on day one.
students across five health schools – dentistry, medicine, nursing, pharmacy and public health – take what they learn in our classrooms, labs and clinics and apply it every day to the patients and communities they serve, working together to pursue change for the good of all.
with more than 140 bachelor’s, master’s, doctoral, residency, fellowship and certificate programs in the health sciences, you can find your fit at wvu and begin your journey now.








						find your path
					











a mission of care
west virginia university is committed to creating a diverse and inclusive culture that advances education, healthcare and prosperity. all of that begins with seeing opportunities for change — and going first in bringing that change to reality.
at wvu health sciences, we are transforming lives by teaching the next generation, conducting innovative research and providing patient-centered care. our land-grant mission fuels our desire to create happier, healthier and safer communities.










duration: 0:57


welcome to wvu health sciences







campuses








morgantown campus









charleston campus









eastern campus





resources


patient care


news


give


more resources


community


bewell


campus mental health


diversity, equity & inclusion










invested in your paths to success.
paths to well-being

wvu addiction
wvu diversity
wvu well-being


















































west virginia university













health sciences


64 medical center drive
p.o. box 9600

morgantown, wv 26506-9600





wvu health resources


our news


directory


website feedback


wvu medicine


clinics




university resources


employee hub


privacy notice


land acknowledgement


wvu research data protection request form









ensuring a safe, healthy university experience
wvu is dedicated to providing a safe learning, working, living and patient care environment for our students, faculty, staff, patients and visitors.

report a concern
safety resources
well-being resources
learn about campus carry









accreditations


web standards






wvu portal


handshake


wvu alert


wvu today





























© 2025 west virginia university. wvu is an eeo/affirmative action employer — minority/female/disability/veteran.














