


wellness: the wellspring online


















 


wellness workbook 
how to achieve enduring health and vitality 
john w. travis, m.d. & regina sara ryan 

 



























 






























wellness: the wellspring online	





  search this site powered by freefind 


  



you’ve landed on the web’s most comprehensive collection of wellness writings and resources, presented by john w. travis, md, mph, the pioneering physician who first brought the term "wellness" into public awareness, launching a movement that has swept the world.
after founding the first wellness center in the united states (1975), favorably portrayed on 60 minutes with dan rather, john continued, with meryn callander,  to push the leading edge of wellness into the 1990s, incorporating infant, adult, societal, and planetary issues. they have now integrated all their work within the concept of full-spectrum wellness—vital in our world today because the web of connections that humans require for optimal health have been badly compromised by modern civilization.
the ads (we don't like them either)
our goal was to fund this site via google's adsense  program, which attempts to match advertisers with the subject matter of  each page. after setting up the site with our business partner, webko, who were to do the search engine optimization and give the site high rankings, they went bankrupt, leaving us with an only partially functioning content editor and a less than optimal selection of ads (each one comes up uniquely) that we can't do much about.
we worked on this site for nearly a year, and then had to turn our energy to completing our book, why men leave: the epidemic of disappearing dads, so until that project is done, this site will have to remain as it is.
please explore any ad that interest you (that's how we pay the hosting bill) and if you find an inappropriate ad, please let   us know (include the address/url) so we can block that site in future.
now back to our regularly scheduled programming....
an invitation to full-spectrum wellness
full-spectrum wellness reflects our multi-dimensional approach to health and wellbeing. full-spectrum wellness is about the connections between our state of wellbeing and our:

 body, emotions, mind, and spirit
 earliest life experiences and our health over our entire lifespan
 family, friends, and community
 personal and our work-life 
 environment—from home, to neighborhood, to the entire planet.

full-spectrum wellness is about embracing these connections and so living a deeper, happier, and more meaningful life.

this site is designed to stretch your thinking and open your heart. it offers a roadmap for enhancing your vitality, and increasing your personal wellbeing by deepening your connections with your self and with the world around you.
what you will find 
here you will find the full text of our best-selling wellness workbook, as well as simply well, in bite-size morsels spread on over 400 separate pages. also much of our wellness for helping professionals, and a wealth of material covering wellness from conception through childhood is there. we also recommend that you assess your own level of wellness with our online wellness inventory.
many of these pages are the writings of john, meryn, regina sara ryan, including the content of most of our published books plus many other writings.
personal wellness
a practical, whole-self approach to wellness and healthy living, this section contains the entire text of the best-selling wellness workbook. each of the twelve sections in this area (corresponding to the wellness energy wheel below) explores one of the interconnected forms of energy that contribute to your overall health and vitality:
 

you will find hundreds of ideas and exercises to help you take control of your health and happiness.

if living well is your goal—and it should be—this text is a must. 
—dean edell, md, life, liberty and the pursuit of healthiness

 personal wellness (lite)
for those new to wellness, this text of simply well gives an overview of whole-person wellness.

child/family wellness
dedicated to fostering the heart, soul, and spirit of our children, our families, and our future, this area addresses wellness at the primary prevention level. facts countering many of the popular myths about pregnancy, birth, and parenting highlight the perspectives and practices needed to foster optimal wellbeing.
to say that this text could change human history, while a cliche perhaps,is not an overstatement. in fact, were it heeded, this information couldchange our species itself—and definitely for the better. 

—joseph chilton pearce, magical child


you will also find a collection of book synopses and reviews that support these principles and practices, as well articles from featured experts in the field.
global wellness
our personal wellbeing is interdependent with the wellbeing of the planet. today, findings from quantum physics validate what our ancestors and indigenous cultures have always known: we live in an interdependent, interconnected world. the time is ripe for a global awakening, the re-cognition that we are connected to the world, and that each of our actions, no matter how small, affects the whole. rediscover your deep personal relationship to our planet, and a clear picture of how you can apply this wisdom to everyday, global issues that face us all.
the twenty-first century will be spiritual, or it will not be at all, it has been said. but spirituality must also be grounded in wise action and that's where this text fits in, as a valuable guide in applying one's vision to everyday, global problems... . 
—larry dossey, md, healing beyond the body

for professionals
dedicated to fostering a new paradigm for health and wellbeing, this area offers a treasure trove of material for helping professionals, and anyone interested in exploring the deeper dimensions of wellness.
the wellness paradigm of connection becomes clearer when contrasted with the authoritarian orientation  of the prevailing treatment approach to disease—the paradigm of disconnection.
the paradigm we live in impacts our personal lives and professional practices, as well as the wellbeing of the planet. here you will find a variety of concepts, tools, and practices for bringing the wellness paradigm into your life.
healing the healer—that's what much of [the information in this area] is about...a must for every dedicated helping professional.

—hal zina bennett, phd, coauthor, the well body book










home





personal wellness





personal wellness lite





child / family





global wellness





for professionals





about





contact us














 





 an introduction
meryn and john candidly share how they came to the field of child/family wellness from their background in adult wellness. more...








 helping professionals
this area consists of text from wellness for helping professionals, by john w. travis, md, and meryn callander. more...








 premises and objectives
the culture in which we live plays a major role in shaping our beliefs and behaviors. more...



















 










  




 

 
 
 
 
 




 
© 2018, wellness associates, inc, all rights reserved. home | 
	 personal wellness | 
      personal wellness lite |
	   child/family | 
	     global wellness | 
		  for professionals |
			resources |
			  about the wellspring | 
			   contact us   | 
			    advertising disclaimer  | another site & 
	              search engine marketing
(seo) by webko.com.au 
      byron bay - web design australia








