





capital hitch – tallahassee – towing – trailering -tires – wheels – lifts – auto accessories






















 




skip to content









call us today! 850-575-8628 

facebookinstagram 














  


search for:








homeaboutproductsaccessoriesbed caps & coversbed linerscargo managementexterior accessoriesgrille guards & bumpersinterior accessorieslightingleveling & lift kitsmobility productsstepssuspensionstirestool boxeswheelsperformanceair intakesexhaustprogrammerstowinghitches & accessoriesbase plates & brakingtow barstrailer partscommercialfuel tankstool boxesvan & truck equipmenttrailersproductsboat trailersparts catalogsutility/enclosedservice centerspecialsgallerycontact 














homeadmin2018-05-17t17:46:11-04:00

north florida’s source for trailer hitches, trailer repairs, and truck accessories since 1958!
whether you use your vehicle for work or play, capital hitch has the parts you need to stand out from the crowd. we carry a large selection of trailer hitches and towing accessories in the north florida area. we also sell and install a full line of truck and commercial vehicle accessories for your ride.
read morenorth florida’s hitch & trailer headquarters
at capital hitch, we want you to be a customer for life. our mission is to continuously exceed your expectations for customer service, quality of workmanship, and quality of products, all while offering the best prices on truck and towing accessories in town. stop in and check out our selection and services for yourself.
7596 w tennessee street
tallahassee, fl 32304
open monday – friday
8:30am – 5pm
call 850-575-8628service & repair
capital hitch services all types of trailers from small to large. we are an authorized repair center for many manufacturers. bring us your problem, and we’ll give you a solution. our staff of technicians have many years of knowledge and experience to repair and service most any types of trailers, as well as install hitches and accessories. from the smallest trailer part, to installation of gooseneck and 5th wheel hitches, we are here to answer any questions that you may have.
see our servicestrailers
in need of a new trailer? we sell and can customize your next boat, utility, or cargo trailer to fit your specific needs. our sales team is here to assist you with the best products available in the industry. let us help guide you through the best options to suit your needs. stop by for more information or to browse at our inventory.
see our productstires & wheels
when you need to get that ride looking just right, call or stop by. from chrome to black wheels, let us help you in customizing that perfect look.

read more



 
 





 
7596 w tennessee street
tallahassee, fl 32304
(850) 575-8628
open monday – friday: 8:30am – 5pm
closed saturday and sunday

aboutproductstrailerscontact 





  

 

 
 
 





		copyright 2018 capital hitch service, inc. | all rights reserved	


facebookinstagram
 
 
 
 


 
 























































































go to top




