



femwell group health | florida's leading management services organization (mso).





































 


























about leadership


services
topline md
partners
careers
contact

  305-273-4641















 





 

learn more 

optimizing practice efficiency 

services 







 

learn more 

exploring the possibilities at femwell 

careers 







 

learn more 

transforming the standard of healthcare 

topline md 



 



 






    about femwell
femwell group health is a leading management services organization (mso) providing cost-effective business solutions so physicians can run their practices efficiently and profitably. our unique understanding of the complexities of the healthcare system, allows us to provide physicians the support they need from early formation to on-going management.



 

 













    services
femwell is the support system you are looking for to meet your needs.




accounting & finance

compliance

data services

employee services

group purchasing

information technology

legal

managed care

marketing

operations

quality assurance








view all





 











    leadership










chairman and interim ceo edward m. fidalgo, md















executive chairman nathan b. hirsch, md















board member cecilia grande, md















board member joyce miller, md















board member mitchell a. yelen, j.d., ll.m















board member nav rahemtulla















board member ben herman















board member ivar chhina






















chairman and interim ceoedward m. fidalgo, mda miami native through and through, dr. edward fidalgo attended the university of miami for his undergraduate degree and graduated with his medical degree from the university of miami miller school of medicine. he continued his journey at the university of miami and completed his internship and residency at the university of miami/jackson memorial hospital before becoming chief resident of obstetrics and gynecology.
in private practice since 1995, dr. fidalgo not only attends to his patients, but is also an active member of many organizations. he is a member of the dade county medical association, miami obstetrical and gynecological society, florida medical association, american college of surgeons, and american college of obstetrics and gynecology. he has also been included in the “best doctors” list ten years in a row.

 
 
 
 








executive chairmannathan b. hirsch, mdbefore moving to miami over 40 years ago, dr. nathan hirsch completed his undergraduate degree, medical education and residency in pennsylvania. he attended muhlenberg college in allentown, pa and received his medical degree from jefferson medical school in philadelphia. he was an intern and resident at the pennsylvania hospital of the university of pennsylvania.
dr. hirsch has been included in the “best doctors” list eight years in a row and was named man of the year at south miami hospital in 2006. currently, dr. hirsch serves on the board of governors for south miami hospital and is a member of the foundation board and the long range planning committee for the baptist health system.

 
 
 
 








board membercecilia grande, mddr. cecilia grande is board-certified in obstetrics and gynecology. she practices general gynecology and specializes in menopausal medicine. dr. grande went to medical school at the university of puerto rico and completed her residency at the university of miami/jackson memorial hospital. she has been in private practice in miami, florida for 16 years.

 
 
 
 








board memberjoyce miller, mddr. joyce miller was born in new york city and raised in miami. before attending the medical college of wisconsin in milwaukee, she graduated from the university of miami. she returned to miami to complete her residency at the university of miami/jackson memorial hospital before starting private practice in 1992.

 
 
 
 








board membermitchell a. yelen, j.d., ll.mmitchell yelen graduated from northwestern university with a b.s.b.a. and m.b.a. in finance before completing his j.d. and ll.m. in taxation from the university of miami. he is a shareholder and one of the founders of pinchasik, yelen, muskat, stein, llc, a certified public accounting firm, formed in 1984 and is affiliated with the florida bar tax section and the american bar association tax section.
mitchell specializes in litigation support in complex commercial litigation matters, planning for closely held corporations and related shareholder issues, valuation and negotiations in buying and selling businesses, complex tax research, estate and financial planning. he often does pro-bono work as an nasd arbitrator and has conducted lectures at the new york university tax institute and legal education seminars for the florida bar.

 
 
 
 








board membernav rahemtullanav is a founding partner of lightbay capital. previously, nav was a partner and the head of healthcare for ares management’s private equity group, where he worked for 15 years. while at ares, nav made investments in several industries across market cycles in a both traditional and complex transactions.
prior to joining ares, nav was a director of corporate finance at dmc venture capital and a member of the investment banking division of donaldson, lufkin & jenrette securities corp. nav graduated from the university of western ontario, where he earned a b.a in honors business administration from the richard ivey school of business.

 
 
 
 








board memberben hermanben is a partner at lightbay capital where he leads investments across several industries and in a variety of transaction types. previously, ben was a principal at cressey & company, where he work for 7 years. while at cressey, ben made investments in and served on the boards of multiple healthcare service and technology companies.
prior to joining cressey & company, ben was an investment banking analyst in the global healthcare group at ubs.
ben graduated from the wharton school at the university of pennsylvania, where he earned an m.b.a in health care management, and yale university, where he earned a b.a in economics.

 
 
 
 








board memberivar chhina 
 
 
 
 







view all





 


pop devteamhome10.11.2017





site mapabout us
services
topline md
united health care transparency in coverage
 

partners
careers
contact
 

femwell group health, inc. bayview executive plaza
3225 aviation avenue, suite 400
miami, fl 33133
 

 

contact us phone number: 305-273-4641
fax: 305-273-0405
 

 







 copyright © 2020 femwell. all rights reserved.

 

































