




living wilderness: nature and wildlife photography by kevin ebi












































 










































































home



images



gallery



new



contact



search





























living wilderness






nature photography by kevin ebi










five minutes in naturekevin ebi's (view full bio) new project, five minutes in nature, is available as a catalogue. the project, which helps people get closer to the nature they encounter every day, was subject of a major solo museum exhibit at the roger tory peterson institute in jamestown, new york. peterson was a famed naturalist, creator of a series of guidebooks that introduced millions to birding. five minutes in nature featured 33 large-scale prints, many larger than life, and spanned the museum's main floor.through the project, kevin captured images of experiences, not things — experiences that he shares to inspire people to forge deeper connections of their own to the natural world. the exhibit is accompanied by a new, fine-art book, that shares both the photographs and the experiences behind them.





































fine-art prints






decorate your home or office with expressive nature photography printed vibrantly on fine-art papers. browse popular images.view fine-art-prints >




















nature image library






find the perfect image. search the entire database of kevin ebi's nature photography. all images are available for licensing and as fine-prints. find your image >




















wilderness books






kevin ebi brings nature to life through captivating stories, including year of the eagle which shows how eagles learn to fly.see the book collection >
































galleries






 
















mountain majesty
















at water's edge
















living landscapes
















wildlife
















essence of nature
















after dark









  search for an image >
































latest from living wilderness



















book: five minutes in nature






based on the exhibition at the roger tory peterson institute, five minutes in nature is available as a 140-page art catalogue featuring images and stories to help you get more out of the nature you encounter every day.



view




















blog: finding the inner light






photography is all about the light. we're familiar with color and contrast, but what about the metaphysical? the inner light is what i seek to capture.






read the blog




















stay in touch: mailing list






keep in touch with living wilderness. get first word of new images and special offers on prints and books. we won't share your address with anyone.






keep in touch









































contact






use this form to send nature photographer kevin ebi a message.




























your message







contact us if you need help:finding the perfect imageordering a print in a special sizelicensing an image for stock usebooking kevin ebi for a nature talklearning more about the imagesdepending on kevin's travel schedule, he typically replies within a day or two. if you have trouble with the form, send a message directly to ebipix at gmail.com.






send






































© copyright 2000-2024 kevin ebi/living wilderness nature photography. do not use images without permission.



















































home








about








gallery








news








contact























