



















luther college | a private liberal arts college in decorah, iowa






















































 





 
skip to navigation
skip to search
skip to main content
skip to footer links




request information
visit
apply
 
information for
current students
faculty and staff
alumni and friends
parents and families
 
give today




search



luther college






















menu


academics
admission & aid
athletics
music
student life
 
request information
visit
apply
give today


information for
current students
faculty and staff
alumni and friends
parents and families







search
enter keywords below.




frequently searched keywords:

academic calendar
housing & dining
book shop
contact information
library




close search





















scroll to explore



shape your future.

a luther education opens doors for every student.









find your major

						at luther you are at the intersection of passionate people and big ideas. what are you interested in learning?					







why luther?

						review our rankings and see how our alumni are shaping the world. 					







the luther difference

						see how our approach to academics prepares you for a meaningful career and life.					

















							i’ve been given a lot of opportunities by the luther athletics department. i’ve been very fortunate to be not only a player, but also to be so involved in a college where they care about me and want me to succeed.						

							abby spore ’24						

							biology major, all-american and academic all-american norse softball player						
read abby's story










							through my internships, i learned how flexible my major is. i can go into a medical field, learn the basics, and apply everything that i know about computer science there. the next day, i can go into a sales team and do the same. i can go in many directions.						

							gabriel palacios '22						

							computer science major						
learn more about our approach to academics








play video




							i would recommend luther because teachers make meaningful connections with students. a lot of my teachers have spent countless hours helping me outside of their own schedules. i’m so grateful for all the hard work they put in to help me succeed.						

							kiley nolan '24						

							allied health science major, spanish minor						










							environmental studies is an inherently interdisciplinary field, and that’s how it’s taught at luther, from science to ethics to anthropology. beyond that, luther has made an incredible commitment to sustainability, to reach zero emissions by 2030. luther walks the talk. 						

							charlie sylvester '22						

							environmental studies major						
learn more about luther sustainability 










							the small size of the college has allowed me to create meaningful connections with a lot of members of our campus community, and it truly feels like home. the friends i’ve made, the professors i’ve had, and luther staff i’ve encountered have all contributed to making luther a special place for me.						

							nancy le ’24						

							visual communication major						
read about nancy's joy tlou memorial award










							at luther college, the relationships you make really matter. the professors and staff have gone out of their way to support me, both during and beyond college.						

							kirsten loynachan ’22						

							accounting and music major						
read kirsten's story

















be yourself. find your path.

the journey you take here won’t look like anyone else’s. but you won’t do it alone.


clubs & activities
decorah
music
norse athletics


















clubs & activities








decorah








music








norse athletics





  your journey









 

national rankings highlight excellence, community and sustainability at luther college
luther placed best among its peers in key criteria evaluated in the wall street journal / college pulse 2025 best colleges ranking. 





 

one team day raises more than $394,000 to support norse athletics
the funds provide critical operating support for 22 intercollegiate athletic teams and 550 student-athletes.





 

nordic choir earns performance spot at choral music professionals national conference
only 13 collegiate ensembles will perform at the american choral directors association national conference.













				find common purpose.			

				we believe in education for the common good. our students challenge the status quo and serve their communities.			



1
3




2
3




3
3






						find common purpose.					

						we believe in education for the common good. our students challenge the status quo and serve their communities.					







global learning









sustainability at luther









civic engagement











 


understanding the building blocks of the universe


since 2006, nsf grants have allowed professor todd pedlar and luther students to participate in international collaborations that conduct research in elementary particle physics. 










connect with this place we call home.


decorah







luther students enjoy coffee, tea, and atmosphere at impact coffeehouse.









brandt hall - a residence hall for first-year students.









a community member biking at sunset in decorah.









beautiful downtown decorah.









visit nearby dunning's spring park.









iowa provides many opportunities for outdoor activities, including kayaking.









grab a slice and go camping at luna valley farm.









luther college offers numerous ways for musicians to perform.









buy local and organic food and sustainably produced goods at decorah's oneota community food cooperative. 









enjoy a treat at sugar bowl.









grab some food and catch the game at t-bock's sports bar & grill.
















@luthercollege

				at luther, learning happens everywhere. located in decorah, we're home to analytical thinkers, active learners and adventurous do-ers.			







follow us








wish you were here? so do we! visit luther college



request info


visit


apply















luther college









































700 college drive
decorah, iowa 52101 usa


maps & directions
contact us


about luther
book shop
departments
directory
events
jobs at luther
news
offices
our mission


maps & directions
contact us





















it is the policy of luther college to provide equal educational opportunities and equal access to facilities for all qualified persons. the college does not discriminate in employment, educational programs, and activities on the basis of age, color, creed, disability, ethnicity, gender identity, genetic information, national origin, race, religion, sex, sexual orientation, veteran status, or any other basis protected by federal or state law.

back to top




emergency information
privacy statement
title ix
report a problem
 © luther college. all rights reserved.






 


