



piano bass guitar music notes chords scales charts diagrams

























































piano bass guitar music notes chords scales chart diagrams
get the world-famous mami piano, bass, right + left guitar notes chords scales charts diagrams to expand your creativity + teaching!












be sure to go below: to download a free mami 
					notes chords scales "atlas"chart diagram page for your piano, bass, right or left guitarincluding for 6-string eadgbe, dadgad + 7-string beadgbe, aeadgbe and m3 (major 3rds) tunings!


      hear, see, + learn some new ideas!learn the mami system for logically using an interesting scale... and all 
					of its elements: 
				chords, inversions, modes, intervals plus patterns... on your instrumentvisually, 
					using our 8-way, integrated, note charts!



 











 
                    to extend your knowledge, click the right side links to  
                    get over 540 music scale studies with instrument scale / chord chart diagrams 
                    for piano, bass plus guitar online now.-->
                
                
  	
					

--- click here: learn unique music scale ideas now! ---



                    
			click to download... near page bottom...
your free mami musical scale atlas diagram, 
			charts + analysis pagefor your instrument that analyzes the 
			c major 7th -with added b5th- music scale, along with its diatonic 
			composition audio demo plus leadsheet.



you'll have a full free mami demo of a usefulmusic scale to study + apply forever!                     
                    
               




mami eases, speeds + 
					gives working logic for music scales / chordsstudies + 
					teaching using charts diagrams focusing on 3 areas:




1) visually charting the study scale, 
			chord or arps's notes + intervalsincluding all modes + 
			inversions, plus instrument locations using our music scale 
			chart diagrams. with mami, you see all patterns + fingerings very 
			quickly, so creating ideas is easy!




2) helping you to understand all of the 
			potential musical uses for a study scale or chord.learning where 
			it "fits" musically + how it is related...so you can use them 
			creatively! 



3) providing study scale + 
				chord based original audio compositions, so that you can hear their 
			musical "flavor" + color". through hearing, you'll gain a much 
			better understanding for the power that scales + chords have as 
			musically creative tools.these audio tunes, along with visual scale diagrams really open your ears!







you'll find many interesting, cool, favorite 
			music scales upon which to createyour own 'sound', style, ideas + even 
			original compositions!





			learn the scale notes throughout the entire instrument.



            get quick, easy visualization towards playing scale based 
			harmoniesspecific inversions extended patterns, modes + ideas 
			throughout the entire instrument.
 develop the critical understanding + value of thinking more 
			creatively by using various scales for the purpose of creative 
			composition, re-harmonization + improvisation.



sadly every day, musicians continue to lose their potential to go from 'average' to 'good to 
					great':simply because they don't yet use a system to quickly visualize, 
					analyze and understand the useful applications of musical 
					scale elements. 
					
					so much development, creativity, plus productivity is lost, by not being able to integrate the useof arpeggios, chords, inversions, music scales + modes 
					on their instruments that mami notes chords chart diagrams provide.




is this you? are too often your practice 
					drills or teaching lessons ending up as mindless finger 
					exerciseswith little analysis, thought or comittment 
					towards actually understandingthe study element's overall 
					sound, purpose + all of its creative uses on your 
					instrument?
mami diagrams = problems 
					solved!








download 14 free
			mami musical scale / chord chart diagrams 
			-w- audio + leadsheet
below!!!

learn faster, teach better + save 
time now:use mami music scale atlas note chart diagrams.
no need to read music to use mami: our 'matrix 
	approach' visualmusic scale / chord
					instrument diagrams help teachers +students of all levels 
	to learn + benefit.

 
                             
	
	with mami, seeing...as well as...learning how to apply all musicchord and scale notes, intervals, inversions, 
					modes plus scalenote 
					+ modal patterns 
	as well as fingerings creatively onkeyboard, bass 
					plus guitar becomes far more efficient + easier!
	
				
				
				learn or teach with instrument note, 
				interval + analysis diagrams, plus by using specific element 
				based mp3 audio fileswith leadsheets to both see + hear what you're 
				studying. 


					  
				teachers: get visual theory references to 
				support yourinstructional method no matter style, genre or level 
				of student!



				students: learn + create using music scales, modes,  
					chordsand inversions more easily... whether 
				sight-reader or not! 
			

see how using a visual approach to using 
				musical elements + the mami diagrams will help you forever.we're going to take you through some ideas and concepts for 
				using mami diagrams with music scaleseffectively to create 
				original ideas and also to learn, play, plus even 
				teach your students easier:whether 
						
				beginner, 

				intermediate or 
				advanced.

try this basic music scale 
					proficiency test / exercise.here's a great scale! can *you* 
					create some musical ideaswith it to apply on your 
					instrument?


i'll 'bet the farm'...you're 
				wasting time + need mami:you probably can't even answer these 
				simple questionsfor this... or any other scale...very quickly or easily!


what arpeggios, chords, intervals + modes 
				does it contain?
where are these elements all located on 
				your instrument?
can you see all of the useful patterns + 
				relationships within?
how long for you to figure out these scale 
				characteristics?
would you be able to create a simple tune 
				from this scale?
do you even understand why these 
				questions are important?


if answering these take more 
				than 2 minutes for any scale or chord, you're wasting 
				precious time!you need to start studying + teaching with mami 
				musical instrument note chart diagrams...now!

				 

				 ***non sight readers: you 
					gotta "cheat"!sight readers: see why you'll want to 
					"cheat"!go below + you'll be able to get started 
					experimenting + "cheating"using the mami visual method.***

i show you unique ways to take any music 
				scale, chord or arpeggio + become able to easily find, as well 
				as createunlimited useful original ideas on your instrument 
				using our note charts as a reference.

instructors, how would you teach your 
					student(s) to study the scale above?would you show them a 
					system of analysis to see every note, interval, arpeggio, 
					chord / inversion+ mode within so that they would learn how 
					to easily find + create rewarding music from this scale?
you 
					can and should... simply incorporate mami note charts 
					diagrams  
into your lesson plans.

i love the scale above: it's basically a 'c 
					major' with an interesting twist! how did you use it?how 
					quickly did you create any interesting original ideas or 
					even a tune (or) tunes from it?i'll show you some useful ideas using this music scale below!

were you able to come up with any good ideas? if you 
				don't read music, i've helped by now giving you both the scale notes 
				and interval relationships below: so time to really get started!








this is not your dad's major scale!
the addition of the gb note as a 
	passing tone creates some really interesting melodicas well as harmonic 
	possibilities that extend from all of its modes. 
            	
         	
            	
           you can spice up a plain old 2-5-1 progression 
	using the b5th as melodic coloration and as a harmonic pivot to build and 
	discharge tension within this motion.

            
           
            
           if you're a trained and sharp musician or 
	teacher you might recognizeand play some great harmonies based on the gb to 
	c tritone interval. what are they?



					 get the mami music note chart 
	diagram below.using m.a.m.i. you'll easily be able to see all of the 
	arpeggios, chords, inversionsplus modes, both visualized + analyzed 
	completely.

hear original ideas i've created 
		using the c-jazz-major-b5th-bebop music scale audio demo in flash format.
		
		 plus click the leadsheet below to download the pdf version for playing along.
then, visit the  
        c-jazz-major-b5th-bebop-music-scale chords charts lessonplus  tutorials to see + learn many creative pointers to apply...along 
		with mami diagrams...in your music.


click on this image of the c major 7th music scale -with an- added b5thto download the complete leadsheet
pdf, to playalong
with the above audio.






the purpose of our audio 
	demos are to demonstrate the "sound as well as the musicalquality" of each 
	scale when used harmonically.music scale studies are often approached using 
	solely a melodic approach.diatonically harmonizing the music scales then 
	creating compositions based on them,i hope to heighten your interest...plus 
	understanding.to give you the true power, in addition to artistic freedom that can 
	result fromintelligent musical scale study and application.   
	
study these music scale demo compositions by following the leadsheets 
	as you listen.visit the individual music scale lesson pages to get extended 
	information plus specificpiano, bass + guitar chords / scales notes + 
	intervals charts diagrams for each.
	
	if you are really serious about your studying, playing and teaching i 
	recommend thatyou study these 46 music scales plus 500 more using the mami 
	musical scales atlasdownload -or book- for your instrument: it will make 
	life easier and a lot faster!



if 
                    you settle for using standard chord + music scale 
                    chartsto study instead of using mami diagrams, 
                    you -will- limit andcheat your self in the long run!





why?...because 
                    over time you will learn that it is not helpful or good enough 
                    tolearn one chord or even one scale fingering to play music. 
                    sure, you need to be able to connect chords to form progressions. 
                    however eventually you'll need to be able to choose from different 
                    chord forms(voicings / inversions) to create various sounds 
                  or make things easier to finger.
                    
                  
                    
                  also you'll need to be able to choose to play scales based melodies in 
                    manydifferent places on the instrument and / or from different 
                    starting notes... using modal ideas... to make fresh, interesting, 
                    as well as creative lines.you'll benefit by finding your 
                    own instrumental approach.
                    
                    
                  
                  the mami scale atlas format allows you to integrate your chords and 
                    scales study easily and accomplish several things at once 
                    so that you save time and learn both the scales notes, intervals 
                    plus your instrument much faster...you will begin to learn 
                    more quickly and efficiently!
                    
                                      
                  you will able to look at the scale and immediately see the notes, intervals 
                    modes, melodies and harmonies contained within. neither the 
                    plain musical staff nor even the other instrumental chord 
                    or scale charts can help you this way. you'd need to spend 
                    much money to purchase plus countless more hours using 
                    the several different reference /
					study tools
replaced by our musical scales
					atlas. 
                    
                    
                    
                    for a couple of bucks a page, or for 
                    less that the cost of one private lesson you can own an integrated 
                    musical chord and scale study reference that you will use 
                    for life and never outgrow. your mami 
					musical scales atlas will reward you with
                    more interesting, creative ideas such to make you a better instructor, teacherstudent, player, composer, improviser and musician 
					speeding towards your goals.
                 
										

                    at mamimusic.com our goal is to help you find the tools to 
                      learn, improve. in the end, regardless of 
                      who, how and what you use on the path towards improvement...hopefully your music is personal. that your art allows, facilitates + reflects your individuality + style. 
                    
                    
                                        
                    the choice should always 
                      be yours, from your instrument to your instructor; from 
                      your style, to your every note: make "your music", 
                      create "your music" and make it your art! 
                      
                     
					
					   

                 most of 
                    the best players incorporate personal uniqueness into their 
                    musical and instrumental mastery. this combination becomes 
                    their "signature". what is your signature?learn 
                    your strengths and play to them! if you're patient, have the desire to 
                    learn, improve and have an open mind, you will surely benefit 
                  from things on this site.





our goal is provide a practical creative approachto using music scales, modes, chords + inversions...on your instrument... that 
			will help you regardlessof your level of knowledge, experience or 
			even style of music.




helping you to understand all of the potential musical uses for 
			that study scale or chord...where it "fits" musically...so you can 
			use them creatively!


   
         	
         	we also provide study scale + chord based original audio 
			compositions, so that you can actually hear their musical "flavor" + 
			color". by hearing as well as seeing what you're studying, you'll 
			gain a much better understanding of the power of musical scales, 
			chords + arpeggios as creative tools. 
         		
     	
         	
         	rather than feed you specific lines, exercises and drills like 
			most other books, mami is an open reference and perspective that 
			will also open your mind and ears.

			
			all great players, 
composers and instructors realize the importance of 
using musical scales for music creation and improvising. 
                    
                    
                    why? because quite simply, whether by the composer's 
intention...or accident...all melodic
                    and harmonic movements are relative and can be analyzed with 
relationship to some music scale. this is a powerful concept to understand!
                    
                    

   a tune's melodic and 
	harmonic canvass effects the listener tremendously. dictated by its scale's 
	notes and the interval relationships between these notes in the way that a 
	picture's colors effect its viewers. 
	
                    







download your free c-jazz-major-b5th-bebop music scale / chords 
					chart diagram(s) by clicking your instrument(s) + tuning(s).
left: piano/keyboards <-> right: bass guitar




lefty eadgbe guitar <---> righty eadgbe (standard) guitar




lefty dadgad guitar <---> righty dadgad (celtic) guitar




lh beadgbe guitar <---> rh beadgbe (7-str rock) guitar




lh aeadgbe guitar <---> rh aeadgbe (7-str jazz) guitar




lh eabceabce guitar <---> rh eabceabce (7-str m3) guitar




lefty adgcea guitar <---> righty adgcea (alto) guitar















mami are the ultimate music scales + chords learning "cheatsheets" -w- 540 complete music scales + chords studies with 
extended instrument note + interval chart diagrams plus diatonic audio 
composition mp3s to hear + play-along: all in 1 download or pre-printed book! 
 

click to download any mami atlas version for immediate use anywhere...or...order 
pre-printed versions for usa delivery!






mami 
                      musical scales atlases faq's

mami 
                      musical scales atlases customer satisfaction

mami 
                      musical scales atlases privacy policy

mami 
                      musical scales atlases testimonials


please bookmark 
                    now + visit back for updates!






									link to us...just 
									copy and paste the html text below into your 
									blog or web page.


free piano, bass + guitar musical scales, chords + notes charts diagrams at mamimusic.com



									it will look like this.



									free piano, bass + guitar musical scales, 
									chords + notes charts diagrams at 
									mamimusic.com












see, hear and study with the very best: over 540 music 
chords + scales using mami note chart diagrams plus audio for your instrument!


explore 100's of notes, chords + scales charts diagrams for 14 
different instrument / tunings below:
piano notes chords scales diagrams



piano chords 
and musical scales printable keyboards fingerboards notes charts diagrams

rh bass guitar notes chords scales diagrams


bass 
guitar notes chords and scales printable fingerboards fretboards charts 
diagrams

right-hand guitar notes chords scales diagrams by tuning

 
r.h. eadgbe tuning guitar notes chords and scales printable fingerboards fretboards 
charts diagrams
or


r.h. 
beadgbe tuning 7 string rock guitar notes chords and scales printable 
fingerboards fretboards charts diagrams
or



r.h. aeadgbe tuning 7 string jazz guitar notes chords and scales printable 
fingerboards fretboards charts diagrams
or



r.h. dadgad tuning guitar notes chords and scales printable fingerboards 
fretboards charts diagrams
or



r.h. adgcea tuning alto guitar notes chords and scales printable fingerboards 
fretboards charts diagrams
or



r.h. eabceabce tuning 7 string m3 guitar notes chords and scales printable 
fingerboards fretboards charts diagrams
left-hand guitar notes chords + scales by tuning



lefty eadgbe tuning left handed guitar notes chords and scales printable 
fingerboards fretboards charts diagrams
or



lefty beadgbe tuning 7 string left handed rock guitar notes chords and scales printable 
fingerboards fretboards charts diagrams
or



lefty aeadgbe tuning 7 string left handed jazz guitar notes chords + scales printable 
fingerboards fretboards charts diagrams
or



lefty dadgad tuning left handed guitar notes chords and musical scales printable 
fingerboards fretboards charts diagrams
or



lefty adgcea tuning left handed alto guitar notes chords and scales printable 
fingerboards fretboards charts diagrams
or




lefty eabceabce tuning 7 string left handed m3 guitar notes chords + scales printable 
fingerboards fretboards charts diagrams









copyright 2009 richard armstrong
mamimusic.com












