


authorized shelby cobra dealer,cav gt 40,fia mustang gt 350, gt 500,ford musclecars 289,427










shelby cobra dealer, mustang gt 350, gt 500, 
                fia ford musclecars 289, 427 by s/c motorsports 
     shelby cobra dealer from mustang, oklahoma! let me tell you a little about our 
      people, goals, and our reason for wanting to serve you. i am very pleased 
      to be able to tell you that our staff has at least 120 years of combined, 
      ford muscle cars experience!!!!. my goal in this business --as an authorized 
      shelby colbra  dealer-- is to make sure you have as much, 
      or more fun, than i have had the opportunity to experience in my 28 years 
      of playing with these wonderful fords! it is also very important to me to 
      make sure that your investment is safe; each muscle car meets, and fits 
      all your needs, but most importantly, is fun!!!!!! as you look through this 
      site today, and years to come, you will eventually wind up noticing the 
      key word for my being, with these awesome autos is fun! i hope you can become 
      a part!
    just so you understand 
      this paragraph, the web host said i need to use some fancy key words here. 
      can you tell by now i'm a car guy, not a computer wiz.......if you're a 
      car guy...or girl??? i think you know what i'm talking about! these fancy 
      key words are here to help us car guys...and girls, locate this wonderful 
      web site. 
    at s/c motorsports 
      we have had the privilege to be able to, collect, race, show, polish, paint, 
      prep, tweak, haul, push, drag, and sometimes even, wreck a few of these 
      little pieces of history, starting with the timid 6 cyl. mustang coupe, 
      working our way up though the ranks of boss 302 and boss 429, mach1, cobra 
      jets, galaxies, fairlanes, mercurys, cougars, comets, falcons, panteras, 
      shelbys, cobras and gt 40. sorry, i really have no experience in the daytona 
      coupes...for the many of you who own them. we can do an award winning, from 
      ground zero, to a saac gold restoration, over to, 8.8 down the quarter mile, 
      all the way to the corkscrew at laguna seca! but i think what most of us 
      are interested in is......let's cruize!!!! at s/c motorsports our claim 
      to fame is detail!!!!!! an old car buddy of mine, always say's..."it's 
      not wheather you win or lose, but how you look doing it!" as long as 
      it's that look of fun, we are very proud to be a part of it. 
    please be patient, 
      as you travel through our site ...as our cars,.. it is also under construction, 
      and needing detail attention. i think you will be able to see our list of 
      services offers everything in an engine line, from the small block 260 to 
      the 427 fe motor. we can do any type of carburetion you like, including 
      street able webbers.....yes there is such a thing!!!! our paint facility 
      is second to none for all models.....and i can assure you the very best 
      for an aluminum cobra! we can detail up your engine compartment, store it, 
      transport it...even change the oil, if you just want the best to do it. 
      if it's not to your satisfaction...we'll do it again, till you're happy. 
      yes we do have some very picky references available, for that also. we do 
      stand behind our product and services!!!!!
    s/c motorsports is 
      a complete authorized shelby american dealer. we have every part and service available 
      for both. these both come in many configurations so, please call with questions. 
      there are just too many answers and variables to each question for me to 
      be able to tailor fit your needs, in an email response. i will be more than 
      happy to talk to you about it! we also have on hand, many, ford vintage 
      muscle cars and parts, for you to choose from. i do believe we have the 
      largest cobra showroom in the country....so why not make an appointment 
      to see???? 
      please enjoy the site....thanks

      mitchell hughes
      s/c motorsports

shelby 
                cobra - our 
                shop - events 
                gallery - shop shelby - cars 
                for sale - parts - upload 
                to gallery - let 
                us do your engine build & detail - contact 
                us
© 2015 s/c motorsports 

site 
                hosted  by
                cw detrixhe 
 

























































































 










we 
                will also sell your car. simply give us a call for details!
privacy 
                statement


































































405-620-0308 



































 




shelby 
              cobra
              picture of the month

 "josh's lucky day in an f.i.a."  
















































shelby
cobra
dealer


