


florida gis mapping system for real estate professionals






















 












features


pricing


help


map layers


contact us



book a demo free trial login













                   accessible real estate information you can trust
                






find any florida property in seconds.
                    seamlessly explore land between counties.
                    upgrade your mapping and research.
                







book a demo



free trial














watch the mapwise overview video










real estate professionals rely on mapwise to get work done quicker and more efficiently. 
            




brokers, realtors, developers, appraisers, investors, bankers, surveyors, engineers, environmental scientists and more use mapwise to:
        
browse interactive maps of florida.
access statewide tax roll data and parcel maps sourced from county property appraisers.
search tax roll data by multiple criteria.
view high resolution aerials, flood zones, wetlands, soils, future land use, zoning and more.
quickly research any area in the state.
create quality map graphics.
export data for further analysis.










            mapwise explorer
            mobile friendly parcel search and property info
        
mapwise explorer is a web app designed for real estate professionals to access and analyze florida parcel data whether on the go or at your desktop.
        
        introduced in december 2024, explorer is the first step in upgrading the legacy map viewer. our current focus is on providing an improved workflow experience on your mobile device and desktop. stay tuned for more updates and get in touch to tell us your ideas and what you think.
        













check out mapwise explorer










            mapwise mobile
			real estate mapping on the go
        
mapwise mobile is designed for real estate professionals to access and analyze florida parcel data on the move. it provides instant access to critical property data, making it an essential resource for property evaluation and decision-making.
        













check out mapwise mobile











trusted by















testimonial


i use mapwise a number of different ways in the process of acquiring land and have always found 
                    it to be an incredibly useful tool. initially i use mapwise to "look" at a property on an aerial 
                    while overlaying various layers (wetlands, flood plain, elevations, etc.) to determine a rough idea of its buildable area. 
                    mapwise is then used to determine existing zoning, flu and surrounding land uses to understand 
                    if a rezoning would be possible if needed.  lastly, mapwise gives us the ability to pull 
                    resale comps of the surrounding area from public records to give a full picture of the area's value.  
                    i wholeheartedly endorse mapwise and feel it is the best value around as an all-in-one tool for your gis needs in acquiring land.
                    
                    larry franks
                    president, brightsky residential
                









learn more


pricing plans


free trial


















subscribe to our mailing list





























contact us
               
            
            about us
               

            gis data
               

            site map
               

            terms
               

            privacy policy
               

            
            copyright ©2024 mapwise inc. all rights reserved.
        

 






