






home - stayawake: sarah welstead





























































skip to content



 



stayawake: sarah welstead
because marketing can solve 90% of your problems







    menu
home
about
services
portfolio
contact us
blog

  scroll down to content












home


smart, effective communication strategies for small and mid-sized b2b companies.

it doesn’t matter whether you’re trying to reach your target audience, target market, employees, suppliers, the media or anyone else. the more effectively you communicate, the more likely it is that your business will achieve its goals, whether that’s selling more stuff, making your employees more productive, or building your brand.
at stayawake, our goal is simple: to help your business communicate better, no matter what channel you’re using.




what we do

since 2002, we’ve been creating marketing and communication tools for small and mid-sized organizations in canada and the us. we’re particularly good at helping b2b organizations and high-level professionals get better results from their sales tools.
marketing communications isn’t brain surgery. it’s really just about getting – and keeping – someone’s attention long enough to allow you to tell them why your product or service is important, and delivering that message in a way that makes sense to them.







content
in b2b sales and marketing, content is the foundation of brand awareness, credibility, thought leadership and competitive advantage. for more than 15 years, we’ve been creating materials like:



website copy
sales materials
employee
handbooks
newsletters
ghostwriting




white papers
webinars
blog posts
training
materials
case studies




social media
infographics
bylined articles
media releases










social media
social media can be a great marketing tool for almost any business – but it can also be a giant, wasteful time-suck that drives you nuts. we’ve been helping clients get results from social media since 2007, and we can help you, too.






branding
you don’t need to put all your managers in a yurt for a week so they can visualize your brand as a potato. but you do need a corporate story that your employees and stakeholders can tell when they’re talking about you, you need a look and feel that appeals to your target market, and you need some kind of consistent voice that can underpin all your communications.
we’re experts at helping b2b companies with revenues of $2-$20 million create or update their brand in ways that’ll make all your marketing communications work better – and get better results.





contact us
stayawake 
a division of massif solutions
10 four seasons place, 10th floor
etobicoke, on. m9b 0a6
416.809.7829
sarah@stayawake.tv













proudly powered by wordpress


































































































































































