








soil and plant testing laboratory | mu extension





























skip to navigation
skip to content







tactical menu


people


counties


news






search


search

















 












menu






            topics
            



            programs
            



            online courses
            



            events
            



            publications
            



            products/services
            



            missouri 4-h
            









breadcrumb


home


programs


soil and plant testing laboratory






















soil and plant testing laboratory















the soil and plant testing laboratory analyzes soil, plant, water, manure, compost and greenhouse media. the laboratory provides quality testing and unbiased, research-based recommendations to clients for economically viable and environmentally safe nutrient management practices.
the fee-based services are available to farmers, homeowners, vegetable and fruit growers, lawn and landscape specialists, golf course managers, consultants, researchers and government agencies.
the services that we offer include:

analyzing soil for nutrient content and fertility status
providing recommendations for economical, environmentally safe and balanced fertilizer and lime applications
special soil tests for nutrient management plans and for addressing environmental issues
analyzing potting mixes for nursery growers
analyzing plant tissue for field crops, ornamentals, vegetables, fruits and turfs
compost testing
manure analysis
water testing for domestic, irrigation, poultry and livestock suitability


note:  mu extension does not endorse commercial products.

videos about understanding and using soil test reports







remote video url










understanding soil tests






remote video url










on-farm compost use

using compost analyses and soil test reports to determine field application rates










remote video url










soil testing for growing success

for commercial horticultural soil test reports






remote video url










amending soil

ph and salinity management (for commercial horticulture)









soil and plant testing laboratory






about us



faculty and staff



soil analysis



plant analysis



compost analysis



greenhouse media analysis



manure analysis



water analysis



submit samples



services for researchers



missouri soil testing association accreditation program



publications






forms for samples






pay online for soil testing












events and online courses







image
 




february 28, 2025
soil and grazing management - oregon county





image
 




march 3, 2025
understanding your soil needs





image
 




march 4, 2025
soil and grazing management - reynolds county







image
 




march 6, 2025
soil and grazing management - carter county






events online courses















news







image
 




red crown rot: no cure for this soybean diseasedecember 16, 2024





image
 




mu extension offers vegetable production seriesdecember 2, 2024





image
 




gardeners can save money, trouble with fall soil testnovember 1, 2024







image
 




first case of red crown rot confirmed in missouriaugust 3, 2024







  more news
















resources






amending soil ph (video)
video about soil ph and salinity management (for commercial horticulture) by juan cabrera-garcia, field specialist in horticulture.





how to take a soil sample (video)
learn how to do soil sampling and see the process for having samples tested.





lawn fertilizer calculator
use this mu extension lawn fertilizer calculator to estimate the coverage area and application rate.







missouri environment and garden newsletters
articles on gardening and horticulture from the integrated pest management (ipm) program.








  more resources


















location_on
1100 university avemumford hall room 23columbia, mo 65211-0001




phone

573-882-0623





print

573-884-4288





office hours
8:30 a.m. to 4 p.m. cst




description
we are in the east side basement of mumford hall with an outside door. there are parking spots behind the building.





 message us




visit our website






location_on


















pagination



next page
next ›

























mu logo
university of missouri



connect with mu extension




use our contact form
find a specialist
find an office near you
donate


about us
careers
equal opportunity/ada institution
español




for employees
extension councils
noncredit conversion policy
permissions policy


return/refund policies
shipping policy
privacy policy
terms and conditions














mu is an equal opportunity/access/affirmative action/pro-disabled and veteran employer and does not discriminate on the basis of sex in our education programs or activities, pursuant to title ix and 34 cfr part 106. for more information, visit mu’s nondiscrimination policy or the office of institutional equity.








© 2025 — curators of the university of missouri. all rights reserved. dmca and other copyright information. privacy policy



















