






sean's run weekend 2020































 


 
full schedule


 
packet pick-up / registration


 
zumbathon


 
jaime's race for people with special needs


 
sean'sride





 


 
full schedule


 
packet pick up / registration


 
5k & meghan's mile


 
battle of  the belts


 
prevention education expo


 
tribute to survivors


 
 grant and scholarship winners













sponsor info

our sponsors
why sponsor?
benefits of sponsorship
become a contributor


about us and sean

about our organization
our constitution
board and committee
our partner
last year's highlights
about sean

10th anniversary article
sports illustrated article
biography
photos of sean


sean's law

highlights
why is it needed?
photos of the signing
mark french's comments
news coverage




grants

application 
grant winners


scholarships

overview
columbia county runners
chatham hs students
section ii runners
past recipients


image gallery
latest news
driving directions







 


 our  sponsors


















content on this page requires a newer version of adobe flash player.








our legacy 
after 18 years, sean’s run weekend leaves a $500,000 legacy of programs funded, scholarships granted, and a scholarship fund endowed.  thousands of young people across the region have and will continue to benefit from sean’s run weekend. 



 
sean’s run weekend concludes january 2021
it is with gratitude that we, the board of directors and the organizing committee, announce the conclusion of sean’s run weekend and all our associated activities as of january 2021.  our labor of love has run its course.  
beginning in 2002, for 18 consecutive years, neighbors, friends and families from far and wide came to chatham, new york, every spring to run, walk, bike, and more, in an extraordinary community event with a special purpose. 
whether under azure blue skies or in pouring rain, they participated to honor the memory of one very special young man. sean was surely there, too, smiling down, proud of all of the ways sean’s run weekend was touching lives of so many, and accomplishing such good.  
we are grateful for all who have made the event possible: our supportive community, the wonderful and gracious volunteers, the generous sponsors, the faithful donors, all the runners, walkers, bicyclists, zumba fans and, of course, our families.  
we have decided to cross our finish line now, when we are at the top of our game, rather than modify our plans for an extraordinary grand finale 20th annual event in may 2021 to comply with covid-19 mass gathering restrictions.
the pandemic forced the cancelation of sean’s run weekend in 2020 and we do not anticipate that conditions will change to a level allowing the production of a 20th and final event of the scale and scope we prefer come spring 2021.
we want sean’s run to be remembered as it was prior to the pandemic.
for nearly two decades sean’s run was a wonderful mass gathering of families, friends, young and old, students, neighbors as well as those who traveled in from afar – all standing shoulder-to-shoulder to remember sean and to raise awareness about the dangers of underage drinking and impaired driving.
beginning as an untimed 5k group run with 418 runners, sean’s run grew into a not-for-profit corporation that implemented and funded year-round projects and produced a weekend-long community event comprised of multiple activities.  at the 15th annual event, 1,820 runners, walkers, bicyclists and zumba fans signed up to participate. after 18 years, sean’s run weekend leaves a $500,000 legacy of programs funded, scholarships granted, and a scholarship fund endowed.  thousands of young people across the region have and will continue to benefit from sean’s run weekend.  
we understand that events come and go.  but the goodness that was derived from sean’s run weekend, the friendships formed, and memories of fun enjoyed, remain always.
read more >>
 




see comments from 
            our facebook page >>

we are proudly affiliated with the following organizations:









 


 
the 
          event  | sponsor 
          info | about 
          us and sean | grants 
          | scholarships 
          | battle 
          of the belts | latest 
          news | home
copyright 2007-2021 © sean's 
          run. all rights reserved. 






