










 
 

jobfinders employment services | missouri staffing solutions





































































 





scroll top






+1-844-228-jobsinfo@jobfindersusa.com
 























primary menuclose job seekers

search jobs
employee login


employers

managed services
sourcing process


industries served

direct hire

professional recruiting
manufacturing
distribution
business operations
engineering staffing solutions
call center
medical / nursing
administrative / clerical


staffing

temp / seasonal staffing
trial to hire staffing
short / long term contract
on-site programs




blog
locations

columbia
jefferson city
mexico
sedalia
springfield
fulton
moberly


about us

our team


contact us
 







  
















specializing inthe best talent



enhance your workforce with the best temporary, trial-to-hire, and direct hire staffing solutions.


job seekers
clients



about jobfindersstrategic
staffing
solutions
our one-of-a-kind partner approach helps employers fill positions & meet hiring objectives with industry-leading speed and efficiency – all while providing meaningful work for job seekers.learn more 





employers


a true go-to partner for all your immediate and future hiring needs









job seekers


helping you find the right job with the right hours for your family









staffing locations
across missouriour women-owned staffing firm has proudly partnered with local missouri businesses for over three decades, delivering the highest quality of employment services.apply today industries
we provide customizable staffing solutions including direct hire, trial-to-hire, contract, and temporary/seasonal across a variety of focus areas. listed below are seven industries that our top recruiters have the most experience delivering exceptional results.      manufacturing premier manufacturing staffing services delivered in a pinch                     distribution reliable distribution and warehouse staffing                     business operations put our business operations headhunters to the test                     engineering leverage missouri’s best engineering recruiters                     call center friendly call center staffing agency expertise at your disposal                     medical/ nursing custom healthcare employment services for all your hiring needs                     administrative/ clerical affordable office staffing solutions done right               


our 3 phase staffing process




we’re so much more than a staffing firm, we are your employment ally that’s 110 percent invested in your success. our partnership-based recruiting helps your business put qualified talent to work in three easy steps:discovery



gathering the right information about your open positions is something jobfinders specializes in. in our initial outreach, we’ll spend time getting to know your business, taking a proactive consultative approach to understanding and identifying your needs and challenges so that we can attract the best candidates while promoting your brand. 



recruiting



we put our decades of experience and expertise to the test by searching through countless channels and referral networks to find the best possible candidates that meet all of your specific criteria. shortly after, we separate the best from the rest by building a list of well-vetted contenders that are presented to you in an easy-to-understand format. 



placement



the job has been identified, resumes were sifted through and the perfect candidate has been located. now, we place. and if you need help with training, drug screenings, payroll or other hr-related issues, jobfinders will help with those tasks, too. we’ll follow up regularly to make sure your hire was successful.



learn more our testimonials
you've heard enough about us from us; here's what our clients have to say      aaf flanders director of hr operations for the u.s  if you ae searching for a staffing agency that will partner with you, provide results and work to understand your changing staffing needs, strong consideration should be given to jobfinders employment services. aaf flanders has successfully utilized jobfinders for staffing professional positions since the 1990’s and since 2011 for staffing.          marketing and communications president marketing and communications president  thank you so much for your efforts, again. i appreciate that i can turn to you and your recruiters to find quality, well-screened talent, regardless of which department has the need.           a. black human resource manager  jobfinders employment services is the only temp agency we have used. dura automotive has partnered with jobfinders since 1995 for direct hire staffing and 2004 for temporary staffing.     
 













terms of use
privacy policy
 
© 2021 jobfinders usa










terms of use
privacy policy
 


© 2021 jobfinders usa





































