

































































the grand island independent | breaking news | read grande island, ne and nebraska breaking news. get latest news, events and information on nebraska sports, weather, entertainment and lifestyles.





















skip to main contentskip to main content










        we are currently undergoing maintenance on some services, which may temporarily affect access to subscription accounts and the e-edition. we apologize for any inconvenience and appreciate your patience as we work to resolve the issues.
    

















6°











 log in
                                    
subscribe






guest


logout

read today's e-edition





























news


local



wildfires



crime



state & regional



education



politics



business



nation & world



news tip




obituaries


share a story



recent obituaries



find an obituary




opinion


submit a letter



letters



editorials



columnists



cartoon




sports


huskers



preps



college



professional



danger




lifestyles


event calendar



arts & theatre



food & cooking



movies & tv



music



contests



comics



games & puzzles



play



home & garden



health



get healthy



parenting



fashion



people



pets



travel



faith



annoucements




join the community


news tip



share video



send a story



share a photo



brand ave. studios




print edition


e-edition



special sections



the independent archives




buy & sell


place an ad



jobs



tom dinsdale automotive



marketplace



shop local



public notices



today's deal




shopping


curated commerce




customer service


manage subscription



activate digital subscription



newsletter signup



subscribe



alexa flash briefing



social media directory



staff directory



contact us



help center



gift subscriptions


mobile apps


weather: live radar






facebook





twitter





youtube








© 2025 lee enterprises
terms of service | privacy policy






















































































subscribe
read today's e-edition




























                                        subscribe
                                    




























                                                    log in
                                                








welcome, guest

my account
 dashboard
 profile
 saved items

 logout







e-edition

news

obituaries

opinion

sports

puzzles

lifestyles

public notices

jobs

wildfires

dinsdale









6°
snow shower
























        
        
            nebraska's cam jurgens celebrates super bowl win with a beer-chugging, jerky-tossing week

former nebraska offensive lineman cam jurgens soaked in a super bowl win this week with an appearance on "the tonight show" and more following a breakout season with the eagles.

















        
        
            area boys state wrestling qualifiers

a list of area athletes that have qualified to the boys state wrestling tournament

















        
        
            city of grand island declares snow emergency

the weather service also issued an extreme cold advisory from late monday through thursday morning, with prolonged periods of minus-20 to minus-30 wind chills.

















        
        
            lori borgman: i came, i saw, i took a selfie

"i don't want a selfie stick," says lori borgman, "because i just end up whacking people in the head with it — most often myself."

















        
        
            dr. barton goldsmith: parenting ideas for a happier family

children respond to love and kindness. so do we all. the best way to teach your kids the value of a supportive family is to set the example for them.

















        
        
            photos: heartland hoops classic mt. zion prep vs sunrise christian academy
















        
        
            area district wrestling results

results from district area schools competed in 










            curated commerce
        
6 cbd oils to try for relaxation





                
                recommended for you




















        
        
            former chi health doctor charged with child sex crimes


















        
        
            city of grand island declares snow emergency


















        
        
            grand island to be featured in documentary series about rural communities















                
                the latest










        
        
            extreme cold warning affecting nebraska from tuesday to thursday

the national weather service issued an extreme cold warning at 3:15 a.m. on monday valid from tuesday midnight until thursday noon. the warning is for kearney area and grand island area as well as valley, greeley, nance, sherman, howard, merrick, polk, dawson, hamilton, york, gosper, phelps,…




















        
        
            former chi health doctor charged with child sex crimes

a former family medicine doctor at a chi health clinic has been charged with possession and distribution of child pornography. 




















        
        
            grand island neighbors: obituaries for february 16

read through the obituaries published today in grand island independent. 




















        
        
            update: extreme cold watch affecting nebraska from tuesday to thursday

the national weather service issued an updated extreme cold watch at 8:52 a.m. on sunday valid from tuesday midnight until thursday noon. the watch is for kearney area and grand island area as well as valley, greeley, nance, sherman, howard, merrick, polk, hamilton and york counties. 












                
                interact with us


















        
        
            download our mobile app for a customized experience!

download it today! 




















        
        
            get the most important news in your inbox as it happens. sign up for breaking news:

get it delivered to your inbox! 




















        
        
            explore local history with our digital newspaper archives!

visit our online archives for thousands of historical articles, obituaries and announcements. 




















        
        
            read the e-edition now – the digital replica of the newspaper!

updated every day! 





















                
                latest video



















        
        
            nebraska's fred hoiberg after loss to northwestern



















        
        
            ap top stories february 16 p



















        
        
            germany's scholz rebukes vance, defends europe's stance on hate speech and far right



















        
        
            us: the philadelphia eagles celebrate their super bowl lix title with their fans












                
                sports
                
                    


















        
        
            schultz: 3 takeaways from the heartland hoops classic

check out ben schultz's three takeaways from the heartland hoops classic.




















        
        
            state bowling tournament

the state bowling tournament brackets




















        
        
            area girls state qualifiers

the area will have 40 girls competing at the girls state wrestling tournament




















        
        
            grand island central catholic falls on senior night

grand island central catholic girls basketball will conclude its regular season on thursday.













                
                listen now podcasts



















        
        
            tariffs rattle small businesses, an atmospheric river and religion news | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.




















        
        
            drone damages chernobyl nuclear plant; egg prices hit record high | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.




















        
        
            hamas to release 3 israeli hostages; musk talks deleting agencies | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.




















        
        
            how can you reclaim focus in a digital world? | the ethical life podcast

🎧 explore ways to sharpen your attention, stay present and build better habits for a more mindful, productive life.














                
                life & entertainment
                
                    


















        
        
            5 great meatless recipes to work into your rotation — plus some eggless breakfast options

if you're trying to work more vegetables into your meals, here are five great recipes to try (plus some high-protein breakfast options that don't use eggs).




















        
        
            now streaming and on dvd: 'nosferatu' has new reasons to jump

taking f.w. murnau’s film and twisting it ever-so-slightly, eggers finds his groove in a highly gothic world. 




















        
        
            winter sowing in upcycled containers creates stronger seedlings in spring

many people start seeds indoors in late winter to have seedlings ready to plant in spring. but what about starting them outdoors, despite the cold?

















                
                local events
                
            









 your browser settings are preventing events from loading. more info






×
 update settings to continue…


please try the following steps to enable.


open firefox settings → privacy & security → website privacy preferences
make sure "tell websites not to sell or share my data" is not checked.
make sure "send websites a do not track request" is not checked.




open chrome settings → privacy & security → third-party cookies
under advanced, make sure "do not track " is disabled.




open edge settings → privacy, search, and services
under privacy, make sure "send do not track" requests is not enabled
open cookies and site permissions → manage and delete cookies and site data
make sure "block third-party cookies" is not enabled




open your browser settings and make sure "do not track " is disabled.




                                open your cookie preferences.
make sure "targeted advertising" is toggled on.make sure "do not sell or share my personal information" is toggled off.click save











                
                partner
                
            

















        
        
            powerhouse partnership: big auto injury attorneys, the popok firm and ‘legal af’ podcast by meidastouch network unite for justice

content by big auto injury attorneys. learn more about meidastouch network’s “legal af” podcast's new partnership with big auto injury attorneys and the popok law firm.




















        
        
            flavorful versatility, budget-friendly? surprise! it’s ground pork!

content by the power of pork. whether dinner tonight is spaghetti, tacos, burgers or even egg rolls (see recipe), ground pork can truly save the day — and your grocery bill!




















        
        
            protein packed, flavorful and lean… pork checks all the boxes!

content by national pork board. learn about the benefits of pork from registered dietitian and certified executive chef amber pankonin.




















        
        
            this sweet and savory holiday ham recipe will delight you and the whole family

content by nebraska pork producers association. pig farmer karen grant shares a wonderful easter ham recipe. 
















                
                curated commerce
                
                    


















        
        
            6 cbd oils to try for relaxation

affiliate content. find the right cbd oils to fit your wellness routine. 




















        
        
            best greens powders for 2025: a nutritionist’s top 5

affiliate. we asked a nutritionist to share their top 5 greens powder picks to boost your daily nutrient intake and support overall health.




















        
        
            auto insurance rates set to rise in 2025: how to save on premiums

affiliate content. learn practical ways to reduce your auto insurance premiums in 2025. 




















        
        
            ozempic vs. semaglutide: 10 weight loss medications compared for 2025

affiliate. compare 10 weight loss medications to find the right one for you. 





























                
                local businesses
                
                    



















        
        
            smith kroeger / gii



                                        111 s 108th ave, omaha, ne 68154
                                    






















        
        
            mead lumber - beatrice



                                        700 dorsey, beatrice, ne 68310
                                    






















        
        
            coldwell banker t&c / kph



                                        4503 2nd ave ste 110, kearney, ne 68847
                                    
















                
                print ads
                
            






















theater





        
        
            grand island little theatre - ad from 2025-02-14
























medical





        
        
            inspire chiropractic - ad from 2025-02-15
























medical





        
        
            hearing clinic - ad from 2025-02-12
























health





        
        
            knights of columbus - ad from 2025-02-14
























jewelry





        
        
            bradford exchange - midwest lists and media - ad from 2025-02-15
























theater





        
        
            grand island little theatre - ad from 2025-02-12







































×
















facebook





twitter





youtube





instagram









sites & partners


place an ad

today's deal

event calendar

newsletter signup

join our team

public notices

get healthy




services


manage subscription

contact us

advertise

staff directory

submit a news tip

become a carrier

licensing

curated commerce

dealer returns






                        © copyright 2025
                        the grand island independent, 422 west 1st st. grand island, ne 68801
                    

terms of use
|
privacy policy
|
advertising terms of use
|
do not sell my info
|
cookie preferences




                        powered by blox content management system from bloxdigital.com.
                    












notifications
settings






you don't have any notifications.



get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.

topics

breaking news

subscribe






daily alerts

subscribe

























