









































about us

our mission, vision & values


advocacy

equity
global health security
multilateral engagement
u.s. leadership
working groups


resources

community events calendar
global health briefing book
landscape symposium
publications
videos
webinars
jobs


media

media coverage
newsletter
press releases & statements


membership

donate


home




global health council’s latest statement on the temporary restraining order halting the freeze on foreign aid


read now







stop work order impact 
ghc has developed an impact document highlighting some of the effects the trump administration’s freeze on foreign aid is having on global health. 


read now






ghls24
this webinar provides a comprehensive understanding of the mexico city policy, its historical expansions & contractions, and the potential implications of its reintroduction under a new administration


learn more






read our new backgrounder on non-communicable diseases.


read now








about us
global health council is the leading member organization devoted to advancing global health priorities by uniting advocates, implementers, policy makers, and other stakeholders.





what we do




advocacy
working across global health sectors to achieve the greatest impact.





access
supporting partners — from donor countries, advocacy communities in low- and middle-income countries & beyond, providing access to information, resources& expertise.





amplification
elevating critical global health messages by aggregating, aligning, and promoting the work of members and advocates.







how we do it
global health council’s member-only advocacy working groups connect people and organizations passionate about global health with resources and opportunities to take action and make a difference.  





budget & appropriations
align requests, messaging, and activities related to the united states budget and appropriations process for global health funding.





multilateral engagement 
a collective group of members active in policy and engagement with global-health-related multilateral institutions (e.g. world health organization, g7, g20, world bank, and others). this roundtable focuses on information sharing and identifying potential opportunities for joint advocacy.





global health security 
coordinates information sharing and works to ensure that members optimize opportunities to be part of the dialogue around u.s. bilateral global health security funding, programming, and multilateral efforts, such as the global health security agenda.









maternal, newborn, and child health
the most influential organizations in mnch come together to raise awareness and increase u.s. commitments to global efforts that improve the survival and health of mothers and children under five years old.





health system strengthening 
a community of organizations dedicated to addressing gaps in health system strengthening within u.s. policy, multilateral policies, and among key donors by providing a forum for discussion, coordination, learning, best practices, and strategizing.





non-communicable diseases 
our diverse membership comes together here to advocate for strong global health policy, commitments, and accountability around non-communicable diseases. here, roundtable members can share information and coordinate advocacy efforts related to ncds.











health equity 
comprised entirely of organizations from low- and middle-income countries, this working group helps to ensure that the health challenges of the most vulnerable are prioritized as global, national, and regional health decisions are made.





meta
all ghc working group co-chairs convene to share information, align strategy, messaging, and activities and rapidly respond, as needed, to emerging policy and/or funding issues.




non-communicable diseases 
our diverse membership comes together here to advocate for strong global health policy, commitments, and accountability around non-communicable diseases. here, roundtable members can share information and coordinate advocacy efforts related to ncds.








our priorities




multilateral engagement



health equity



global health security



u.s. global health leadership















community events calendar










follow us on instagram

        view this profile on instagram            global health council (ghc) (@globalhealthcouncil) • instagram photos and videos



recent highlights

message from elisha
april 24, 2024
the global health council team just got a little bigger. in addition to appointing amy boldosser-boesch as new board chair-elect, we welcomed four new board members, expanding the board to […]read more

advocacy update
april 23, 2024
global health security strategy last week, the biden administration released its strategy to strengthen global health security, demonstrating its continued commitment to protecting against future health threats. the strategy outlines […]read more









privacy policycontact us













instagram
https://www.facebook.com/globalhealthcouncil/
linkedin
youtube



















