







p c mckenzie company











































p c  mckenzie companyindustrial boiler and natural gas compressor salesabout
blog
contact us

 
call us today - 877-244-4883


compressors

ir compressor packages

ir 05h25ngsx
ir 05h25ngdx
ir 20h40ngsx
ir 20h40ngdx


ir compressor parts
ir bare blocks
small cng station for fleet vehicle refueling
cng rental units

sauer natural gas compressor


natural gas compressor valve rebuild program
cng relief valve recertification
troubleshooting guide


boilers

boiler service and boiler repair
patterson kelley condensing boilers
patterson kelley non condensing boilers
unilux water tube boilers
cast iron boilers
boiler burner parts

industrial combustion lo-nox burners
gordon piatt burner parts
weishaupt burner parts


hurst boilers and hurst boiler parts
atlas boiler
ajax boiler gaskets and ajax boiler parts
venting solutions

engine generator turbine exhaust
zero chase grease duct
boiler domestic water heater venting


draft induction fan


axelson

axelson relief valves

axelson relief valve maintenance
how does an axelson safety valve work?
garrett safety relief valves
axelson orifice
how to test relief valves – axelson test stand for pilot valves


axelson spare parts
axelson esp pilot sensor
axelson esphl – high/low pressure controller
axelson sand probe valve with sensor
axelson crbbm relay
axelson actuator pneumatic diaphragm actuator
axelson prv relay
axelson differential pressure sensing unit


oil control

oil level regulator
murphy oil level controller lm500
oil supply tanks
slow flow meter ren
continuous oil change module by ren
liquid level switch by ren


boiler parts

boiler pumps
a & f chemical feed pumps
a & f chemical feed tanks
everlasting blowdown valve
kewanee

kewanee boiler parts
kewanee vortex damper rebuild
kewanee boiler gaskets
kewanee burner
cam assembly
kewanee burner blower wheel


pressure reducing regulators
boiler gaskets
flame controls
weishaupt
gauge and site glass


amot

amot thermostatic control valves
3-way control valves
diaphragm operated gas valve
air intake shut off valve
bearing temperature detector
high temperature valve
overspeed sensing valve
master safety control
metal particle detector
amot temperature sensor
amot electric trip lever switch
amot g valve – 3 way temperature control valve


resources

cng safety – is compressed natural gas safe?
cng
cng storage cascades
ngv fast fill station
ngv school bus refueling
ngv service tips
ng compressor troubleshooting
boiler service tips

boiler questions about your boiler
boiler glossary
boiler faq




solar power
 

cng compressor packages
p.c. mckenzie company is ingersoll rand’s master distributor for the full compressed natural gas product line designed for ngv refueling applications. >> learn more ...


 


diaphragm actuated safety shutdown valve assembly 

technically affordable and superior pneumatically-controlled shutdown system. >> learn more ...

 
commercial boilers
from small commercial boilers to large industrial watertube boilers, we evaluate your requirements and match the correct equipment to your specific application. >> learn more ...

may 25, 2021 p.c. mckenzie celebrates 75 years in business
p.c. mckenzie company celebrates 75 years
p. c. mckenzie company celebrates 75 years of service; an accomplishment that is most unlikely for a small business. in fact, the ny times reports that “small businesses fail all the time. gene marks, author of the small business desk reference, says the … [read more...]may 21, 2021 axelson panel nut mounts
 
the difference between the axelson panel nut mounts
part number 43612 and 48095
sometimes there is a bit of confusion between the 2 axelson panel nut mounts
that are used for both the esp sensor and the crbbm and prv relays.
 

 


part number 43612 is used with the esp … [read more...]may 11, 2021 what is dew point
let's talk about dew point -
levi and perry from p.c. mckenzie company
explain dew point from the gas compression
and boiler side of our business -
 
dew point from the gas compression side -  levi explains
dew point, it’s important.  in my experience over the years in gas compression, i … [read more...]may 4, 2021 how many solar panels to charge a car
reduce your carbon footprint and save money?
electric vehicles can certainly reduce your carbon footprint. but, by connecting to the grid you not only pay for the electricity, you are also not at the zero carbon foot print you may have imagined. electric utilities generate power using fossil fuels … [read more...]april 26, 2021 what is boiler burner turndown ratio
10:1 turndown technology increases efficiency and reduces operating cost

a customer asked us to please define burner turndown ratio and tell what the advantages are for a higher turn down. are there any disadvantages?

it was a great question and we responded as follows.

answer:

a good … [read more...]april 22, 2021 p.c. mckenzie company announces new solar power partnership
p.c. mckenzie celebrates earth day adding new solar power partnership with paradise energy solutions!
on this the 50th anniversary of earth day, p. c. mckenzie company is pleased to announce our partnership with paradise energy solutions, a leading solar energy provider.



we believe there are … [read more...]april 20, 2021 what spare parts you should keep on hand
having a well thought out spare parts strategy will save you from future frustrations
a well thought out spare parts stocking strategy is key to keeping equipment online and productive. yet, this simple step is often overlooked resulting in loss revenue and untold frustrations. we have witnessed … [read more...]march 18, 2021 how often should you recertify your pressure relief valves?
re-certification of relief valves - how often should you recertify your pressure relief valves?
your pressure relief valves are some of the most important components in and around your cng station, boiler room or natural gas transmission station. these prvs protect your systems and your personnel … [read more...]march 11, 2021 p.c. mckenzie company welcomes levi davis
p. c. mckenzie company is pleased to announce that levi davis has joined our organization. levi comes to us from trustar energy where he was the regional service manager responsible for the maintenance and operation over 30 cng stations.

not only will levi be involved in our ngv refueling … [read more...]february 1, 2021 peoples gas ngv refueling station
what's new at p.c. mckenzie company - new ngv station in greensburg, pa.
peoples gas and p. c. mckenzie company have successfully placed another ngv refueling station online in greensburg, pa. this station is designed to conveniently and safely fuel peoples gas vehicles. the station and the … [read more...]1
2
3
4
next page »

 



	notice: javascript is required for this content.






 
natural gas for our future natural gas an ideal fuel source for many reasons, including safety. 
natural gas is lighter than air. this means that it will not puddle (like gasoline) or sink to the ground like propane, which is heavier than air. instead, natural gas will rise and dissipate in the atmosphere.
natural gas also has a higher ignition temperature. this means that it is much harder to ignite. also the storage systems used for compressed natural gas are infinitely stronger that the gasoline tanks found on cars and trucks today.
learn more >>

contact us
toll free: 1-877-244-4883
fax: 412-257-8890
phone: 412-257-8866

shipping address
p.c. mckenzie company
1365 mclaughlin run road
pittsburgh, pa 15241	

mailing address
p.c. mckenzie company
p.o. box 112638
pittsburgh, pa 15241


 

- p.c. mckenzie company is located south of pittsburgh, pennsylvania -


 p. c. mckenzie company

 © copyright 2025 pc mckenzie · all rights reserved ·





 



























