


























metro united way - give. advocate. volunteer | home page


























































our 2024 impact report is here!
we've expanded the report from last year and included real stories about real people, a detailed look at each of our three pillars, why we focus on the areas that we do, and some of the things that we are doing to help solve our community's biggest issues, along with results in each area. you'll also see comprehensive lists of the hundreds of partners that work together with us every day, the companies and foundations that invest in the work we do, and the individual donors who fuel our impact and make it all possible.

view our impact report



 



































show main menu











what we do+

our work
thriving kids
strong households
equitable community
2024 impact report
impact tracker
stories


get involved+

volunteer
advocate/public policy
upcoming events
giving levels
resources for businesses
resources for nonprofits
swag shop


about us+

get to know us
staff/teams
board of directors
cabinets and committees
our partners
faq
contact us


news & stories+

press room
stories


find help+

211 help line
developmental screener hub
free tax help
diversity, equity, & inclusion resources


search
donate






					search for:
				














change begins todaylive united 


who we are what we do 









our work 


learn about the impact we're making together

advancing equity and sharing opportunities for all









 


learn more

there’s nothing more important than ensuring our community’s children have what they need to thrive.









 


learn more

when families have what they need, they can break cycles of poverty and work toward a better tomorrow for future generations and our entire community.









 


learn more

we envision the greater louisville region as a place where zip code doesn’t determine destiny and everyone has the opportunity to grow into their full potential.











donate

we can put your money to good use, meeting people’s immediate needs and working for a better tomorrow.
donate now







advocate

we can use every available voice to make our chorus of positive change louder. join us and be heard.
use your voice







volunteer

get hands on experience and the satisfaction of knowing that you helped someone.
learn more







events

there are groups you can join and events you can attend for every demographic that wants to help.
learn more













 get help now 


go to 211 resources









our impact






change begins today with metro united way































2024 highlights









read our full 2024 impact report

view









884 family engagement kids and 1,400 developmental play kits distributed to parents and pediatricians









24,000 diapers collected during day of action









223 beds built for kids in need









817 children screened through our ages & stages developmental screening hub









43,000 books distributed through our little free libraries









249 individuals received financial coaching to increase income, savings, and credit scores and decrease debt









36 families in southern indiana moved towards homeownership









21,896 individuals connected to resources through our 2-1-1 helpline









161 college scholarships given to young men of color









35 youth taken on hcbu college tours









22 black-led nonprofits received in-depth training and financial support









41,413 impact kits created and distributed to 91 nonprofit partners











 
view our monthly impact tracker to learn more.
 







subscribe sign up and find out about everything we’re doing for people in the community. or how you can help us make a difference.














metro united way logo


working every day to lift our community by mobilizing people and maximizing our community's resources to advance opportunity and equity for all.
metro united way is a 501(c)3 u.s. nonprofit organization.




advocate – public policy

about us
staff/teams
board of directors
financial information
cabinets and committees
faq


donate

giving levels
open investment opportunities
sponsorship opportunities
swag shop


volunteer

sign up to volunteer
workplace and group volunteer initiatives


events

careers
























diversity, equity & inclusion statement
privacy policy
































