






creekside equicenter | horses, riders, and just plain fun!































574-536-0990
horselovers@gocreekside.com
 

 
 
 










home
about us

our team
our facilities
our horses
testimonials


services

boarding
training
lessons


equine events

schooling shows
clinics and workshops
summer camps


contact us
news
 





select page


  
 



 



 















everyone is a winner at creeksidewe are always encouraging our riders to do their best and to ride with a positive attitude. no matter what your ribbon color may be, everyone is a winner at creekside!

 

 
 





have fun as a family riding at creeksidewe host several schooling shows each year for both hunter/jumper and dressage. we encourage families to come share in the fun at creekside.

 

 
 





hunters, jumpers and dressage welcomecreekside equicenter is the perfect place for riders and horses to come together in their favorite sport. we provide a positive atmosphere and encourage happy horsemanship.

 

 
 
 
 
 



if you are looking for a place to train or sell your horse, take riding lessons or want to attend one of our clinics contact creekside equicenter today.
get started!

 
 
 





tina prout
riding instructor and trainer (35+ years experience)
 
 

welcome to creekside equicenter
creekside equicenter is michiana’s horse boarding stable, equine training facility, and a favorite in equestrian riding instruction. at creekside, we specialize in hunter jumper, general horseback riding and dressage training for both horse and rider. we love to work with riders of all ages and skill levels. lesson and lease horses are available for those who would like to learn but are not ready to own yet. and some of our goals are to make working with horses a fun, rewarding experience for all of our clients. we take great pride in making your experience with our farm happy, fun and positive in every way. wouldn’t life be happier if we all had a little more fun? start at creekside equicenter!
 
 



colleen rudynski
riding instructor and trainer
 
 
 
 





 

creekside offers the following:

horse training
horse boarding
horseback riding lessons
large indoor and outdoor facilities
horse sales
hunter jumper barn

goal oriented & results driven
we use a building block approach to hunter jumper training and strive to create a strong foundation and comfortable environment for each horse and rider. creekside and tina prout’s philosophy is to establish a strong sense of support for continuous growth towards equestrian and hunter jumper accomplishments. for more information on our training process, please call us at 574-536-0990.
 
 
 
 



our facilities
we built our barn in 2003 and have been expanding it ever since. the main horse barn accommodates 30 horses in 10×12 box stalls and has an 72×120 indoor arena as well as ~200×350 outdoor riding arena. the facility also includes wash stalls, tack stalls, and a finished lobby with heated viewing area. we have 49 acres of pasture area and a quiet, convenient atmosphere close to south bend and plymouth indiana.
 
 



 
 
 







this place feels like home“creekside is the best place to go to learn how to become a true rider. tina pushes you while being patient and understanding at the same time. colleen pushes me harder than i think i’m capable of, but she proves me wrong and i’m a better rider thanks to her. you will not be disappointed, especially when you can truly see the difference in your riding based on the feedback they provide. this place feels like home!”
– kelsy, plymouth
 

 
 




i love this barn“i love this barn. the trainers at creekside take a caring and positive reinforcement approach to training, and the results prove themselves in the growth and positive attitude of the child and adult riders at the farm. there are regular shows and holiday parties for the kids, making it a fun, educational, overall one of the most enjoyable farms around. every single horse on the farm are complete sweethearts—that speaks volumes for the care and love they receive.”
– angela, michigan
 

 
 




i can't say enough“tina prout is an amazing trainer.  what she has done with my daughter and her pony is amazing.  she has been with us every step of the way, from picking out the perfect pony for kaylah, to training them to be a great team! she has also taken our “surrogate daughter” and my moms 19 year old trail horse and turned them into a great jumping team! i can’t say enough about you tina! love her and the facility she provides!”
– stacey, south bend
 

 
 




we highly recommend creekside!“what a fantastic barn!!
tina is a wonderful trainer who is not only incredibly knowledgeable, patient and kind but she is also an   incredible riding instructor.
we highly recommend creekside!”
– william, indiana
 

 
 
 
 
 





keep informed!
keep up to date with the latest events and happenings at creekside equicenter. we want to make it easy for you to get involved.





success!



name



email





subscribe now










 
 
 





become a creekside rider today! lets have fun!

join us






  


 
 
 




contact us 
26181 stanton road
walkerton, in 46574
find us on google maps
tina: 574-536-0990
colleen: 574-612-8523
email us

  welcome to creekside 
come have fun with us! we will help you have fun with:

 riding instruction… hunter, jumper, dressage
 horse training… general to finish
 boarding… we care a lot
 camps, clinics, workshops and schooling shows


  schedule 
tina and colleen, mother and daughter, provide riding instruction to riders interested in jumping, hunt seat, dressage and basic horsemanship. riding at creekside provides a positive, well-balanced experience for all levels. we look forward to your visit.
schedule a lesson

    
 


home
about us
services
equine events
contact us
news
 
 





facebook




twitter




google


  

 
 
 






