




 


boulder county bar association - home




















 





home




about



board members




mission and bylaws




award winners




directory




member sections




past presidents







sponsorships




newsletters




jobs/classifieds




events




webinars




our office




join us




for the public



how to file a complaint




professionalism committee




principles of professionalism




legal resources in boulder county




20th judicial court




find a lawyer




mediation




bar media manual







knowledge hub






virtual legal clinic for the community 

we have created a free virtual legal clinic for those in need of brief attorney advice. to request legal help, please fill out the following form: bcba virtual legal clinic registrationclinica legal virtual de bcba formulario de registrofor those affected by the marshall fire, stone canyon fire, or other fire, in need of resources, please click here.
 
find a lawyer   | find a mediator  |  for the public

 


click here to view the full monthly events calendar


upcoming events



america/denver
bcba cle webinar: what is new in division 1 and administrative challenges

18 feb 2025 12:00 pm


bcba zoom meeting room



america/denver
bcba pickleball

20 feb 2025 4:30 pm


boulder pickleball (3550 frontier ave unit c)



america/denver
bcba cle webinar: tax / estate planning

25 feb 2025 12:00 pm


bcba zoom meeting room



america/denver
bcba cle lunch: pre-decree procedural updates and 20 family law litigation practice tips in the 20th

26 feb 2025 12:00 pm


jury assembly room (1777 6th ave.)



america/denver
bcba cle webinar: employment law

27 feb 2025 12:00 pm


bcba zoom meeting room




 









 









february president's page
in a whirlwind of activity, president trump signed 45 executive orders in january. some people have gone on a news diet, as a coping mechanism. others are scrambling to read, understand and respond to the new orders. for now, let’s lean in and look at a few impacts on our local bar and the support that we plan to provide to our members.


read more here


bagels with the barevery wednesday from 8:30 - 10:00 am, members are welcome to join us at the bcba office for free bagels and coffee. we welcome everyone to join in the weekly conversations and get to know your fellow members and your bcba office.click here for section schedule



the boulder county bar foundation is dedicated to raising funds for legally-related organizations and projects in boulder county, colorado. our grant awardees are proven local partners that champion social justice and support expanded legal access and knowledge in our community. through targeted giving, we achieve our goals to: 
increase education and awareness of the law and the judicial systemprovide access to legal services for the poor, homeless, and immigrant populationsassist those turning to the legal system for helplearn more here

 









office share now available
    
we recently created two permanent offices that are now available for rent in our existing location. both are executive size with flatiron views and can easily fit one or 2 people. they can be furnished or unfurnished if you prefer to bring your own items. these office are available for $900 per month for members, $1000 per month for nonmembers. this also includes 5 hours of conference room time, internet, utilities and mail service.please click here to learn more about this opportunity.







 























contact us:3269 28th streetboulder, co 80301303.440.4758email us



log in



























remember me
forgot password









 










powered by wild apricot membership software







