




rise and fall heaven

















rise and fall heaven









menu

home

latest news
news archives

game info

features
ages
civilizations
editor
faq
heroes
resources
strategy
units and buildings
maps
multiplayer

forums

forums index
general
tech help
scenario design

downloads

downloads central
review guidelines
demo

exclusives

our review
interviews
gamers’ day
demo review

press

interviews
reviews
previews

media

image gallery
videos

history

main section
battles
civilization
military
miscellaneous
people
politics

about us

staff
community links
heavengames





welcome to rise and fall heaven
new to rise & fall?rise and fall heaven™ is the official community fansite for rise and fall: civilizations at war®, a unique rts game by midway. we feature up-to-day information on the game in our game information and faq sections, as well as interviews with the developers and the premier community for the game.


new download
posted by wok on september 16, 2007
irmekroache has submitted a new single-player scenario to our download section, entitled war: a soldier's perspective.i haven't played it yet, but it is described as a non-linear rpg style scenario, so if that sounds interesting to you, download it now!



handing in his wings...
posted by wok on september 14, 2007
sadly, our much loved cherub dr grip has decided to resign from his post at rafh. read his reasons and bid him farewell in this thread.dr grip has been an influential member of the rise and fall community since the game was released, and it is a real shame to see him go.



world in conflict heaven
posted by wok on september 2, 2007
as you may have discovered by now if you read other sites on hg, world in conflict heaven has been launched.i probably wouldn't do a description of the game justice, so go to the site to find out all about it!



heavengames appoints sergio prado as new ceo
posted by wok on august 2, 2007
lombard, il - heavengames llc, an internet leader in strategy fansites, today announced it has appointed sergio "socvazius" prado to the position of chief executive officer, effective july 28, 2007. mr. prado, a driven executive with considerable experience in the gaming industry, has worked at heavengames for 7 years in addition to vivendi universal's brand marketing department. he currently is a college junior at harvard university.prior to this appointment at heavengames, mr. prado served as the company's chief content officer on the executive board, ensuring the professional quality of content present across the network. he also headed six of its sites: for age of empires iii, age of mythology, age of kings, age of empires, rome: total war, and cossacks. during his employ at vivendi universal, mr. prado worked to market world in conflict and empire earth iii, two of the biggest strategy titles of 2007.tom mescher, the exiting ceo, served as heavengames' leader since its incorporation in october of 2000. he is moving on to continue his career in the it industry.about heavengames, llcheavengames llc (http://www.heavengames.com), based in lombard, illinois, is a privately owned web-content publisher geared towards the creation of special-interest sites for real-time strategy and city-builder games. its sites, content, vast amounts of resources, as well as a dedicated staff & management team make heavengames' sites recognized by developers and press alike as one of the premier destinations for gamers worldwide.



beta units
posted by wok on march 9, 2007
_o0xxx0o_ has been experimenting with raf's scenario editor lately, and has stumbled upon what appear to be beta units (units which were scrapped before release and are not supposed to be accessed).from his forum post: "i found a lot of beta objects. most were not very interesting, but this object is the most curious one that i found so far:[jpeg, (265.09 kb)]-produces food, but is worth 50 wood. i'm assuming that would provide a perfect high fiber diet. also this building makes the cursor turn into a "sickle" when moused over. the food cursor was obviously abandoned too.a couple of other good ones were a beta picasso looking tree, made from creating tree family. and a sheep from the animal family group, with the name: "pillbox"(obviously this is left over from edmw french building. i have no idea why it is in the animal grouping). this pillbox in a way, mimics the properties of a pillbox, in such that if a walking unit is tasked to it, they follow it around. even in formation, until tasked to somewhere else. pillbox sheep reproduce other pillbox sheep, and because they wander around, army and cits follow it around aimlessly. "led by sheep"!! loland finally another slightly interesting beta unit is when creating galleyship family, a ship called: "fireship" is created. it has no oarsmen, and can't create units, but it fires flames just like a fire raiser."



downloads survey
posted by wok on february 13, 2007
hg has set up a small survey to gain some feedback from users about its download sections. if you have used the download section here at rafh or at any other heaven and want to voice your opinion, please spend a few minutes filling in the survey.the survey can be found here.










heavengames

main portal
age of empires
age of empires 3
age of kings
age of mythology
age of wonders
age of wonders 2
battle for middle earth 2
caesar 3
caesar 4
children of the nile
emperor:rotmk
empire at war
empire earth
empire: total war
empires: dotmw
medieval 2: total war
napoleon: total war
pharaoh
rise & fall:caw
rise of legends
rise of nations
rome: total war
stronghold
stronghold 2
sw:galactic battlegrounds
total war: shogun 2
zeus










rise and fall heaven™ copyright © 2005 heavengames™ llc.  all rights reserved.
		please obtain written permission from heavengames if you wish to use our site's content and graphics on other sites or publications. 
		rise and fall: civilizations at war® is a game by midway.  rise and fall® and rise and fall: civilizations at war® are registered trademarks owned by midway home entertainment, inc.
please read: privacy statement | disclaimer | forum code of conduct






