



	home - cactus computer & internet























































cactus computer & internet
skip over navigation



                            "serving families & business"











home



computers



internet



support



contact us











internet services



computer store



classified ads



web email



websites











cactus computer & internet
211 s. main st.
moscow, id 83843
208-883-5500



















if you have an asus router and have been intermittently knocked off the internet...
5/18/23. there appears to be an exploit out on the internet that's attacking asus routers. a firmware update appears to solve the problem.
log into your asus router at http://router.asus.com and click on the version number at the top of the screen.  for the rt-ax55 it says v3.0.0.4.386.xxxxx.  it will take you to the update page.  there should be a button on the page to check for updates.  push it.  if the check for updates button doesn't work, you will need to download the update files manually from asus.com. because this can happen, we suggest that you enable the auto-update feature once your router is up to date.
if you are our internet customer, you may bring the router to cactus, along with its ac adapter and the router's password, and we'll update it for you.
please check your personal web site.
5/15/23. we're doing some cleanup on the personal.palouse.net web server. most of these free sites have not been modified since 2014! we've taken those old sites off-line. if you still want them, the information is saved. let us know if you still want it by july 31, 2023.
208 883 5500 m-f 9-5:30.
web email pro user's manual
here is a link to the new web email pro user's manual.  the only thing in the manual that doesn't work (that i'm currently aware of) is the voip service because we didn't license that.  if you want the im service but it doesn't appear in your webmail, let me know and i'll make sure it is enabled for your account (tony@turbonet.com).
high speed wireless internet
we are the area's first and fastest wireless internet service provider.  individual residences and businesses, apartment buildings and individual apartments.  call 208 883 5500 for information.
we have the cable you need
our purchaser has been listening to our customers, and we have many new cables for connecting your pc to your tv!  hdmi, minihdmi, display port, dvi, svideo.  connectors, extenders and adapters are in stock now!




















site map
                                |
                                printable view
                                |
                                © 1996 - 2025 cactus international, inc.
                                





















home
site map
search
sign in










