
















the archive for research in archetypal symbolism | aras





















skip to main content








membership
library
connections
archipelago
books
help
about



search
donate
login









aras
the archive for research in archetypal symbolism



login
search
donate
concordance for jung's collected works




deneme bonusu veren sitelerdeneme bonusucasino sitelerideneme bonusudeneme bonusuevden eve nakliyatistanbul depolamauluslararası evden eve nakliyatistanbul evden eve nakliyatistanbul ofis taşımadeneme bonusudeneme bonusu veren sitelerdeneme bonusu veren sitelerdeneme bonusu veren siteler
 nakliyat firmalarıeşya depolamaizmir istanbulnakliyat







sign up to receive our monthly archetype in focus symbol exploration emails and our quarterly online newsletter aras connections.

  










 

 

 

		the archivethe archive for research in archetypal symbolism is a pictorial and written archive of mythological, ritualistic, and symbolic images from all over the world and from all epochs of human history. the collection probes the universality of archetypal themes and provides a testament to the deep and abiding connections that unite the disparate factions of the human family. aras’ mission is to bring awareness of the power of symbolic images and the profound role they play in our lives today. the aras archive contains about 18,000 art images each accompanied by a scholarly commentary that explores the archetypal content and cultural context of the image.
in addition to our image collection, our website offers a rich library of articles on art and symbols and a concordance that allows you to search c.g. jung's collected works by word or topic. learn more.



		the book of symbols: reflections on archetypal images
our latest publication combines original and incisive essays about particular symbols with representative images from all parts of the world and all eras of history. the highly readable texts and almost 800 beautiful full-color images come together in a unique way to convey hidden dimensions of meaning.
preview | purchase on amazon | purchase from taschen







by clicking on the logo above to access amazon, any purchase you make will support aras at no cost to you!


from the archive



  
 figure 31
an atypical mandala, based on a dyad.  agolden moon and a silver moon form the upper and lower edges.  the inside is blue sky above and something like a black crenellated wall below.  on it there sits a peacock, fanninf out its tail and to the left there is an egg, presumably... 
 join to read more  




become a member
explore
18,000+ images and commentaries spanning human eras and cultures
the meaning of dream symbols
receive
a treasure of myths and symbols for artists, therapists and scholars
quick information for college papers and research studies
free online books, articles and aras connections newsletter
tax-deductible membership
join now



social media
facebook twitter tumblr instagram youtube









copyright © 2024 aras all rights reserved. | privacy policy | contact us | support us










