













home page - church of god of prophecy

















































































+1.423.559.5100
info@cogop.org


about us

doctrine
frequently asked questions
membership
our structure


contact us
 












assembly
international offices

departments

international assembly
finance & administration
leadership development
communications
white wing messenger
world language


global missions

harvest partners
helping hands
one child fund
countries of ministry


about us

statement of faith
core values
doctrine
biblical principles, beliefs and practices


contact us

social media


employment opportunities
give


leadership

inspirational leadership
presiding bishop
africa
asia
caribbean
central america
north america
south america
wider europe & middle east


ministries

leadership development

accredited ministry development
center for biblical leadership
childrens ministry
youth ministries


heritage ministries
prayer ministries
spirit and life seminary


resources

how to know god
church locator
prayer request
treasurer report


give
 


select page


  
 
 
















 







welcome to the website of the church of god of prophecy! we are a vibrant, worldwide body of believers, united in worship, working hand-in-hand to share god’s love and a message of hope to the brokenhearted. we invite you to join with us as we seek to fulfill our mission of reconciling the world to christ through the power of the holy spirit. 
– tim coalter, presiding bishopthe church of god of prophecy

find a church near you














featured articles & news









access the february issue of the white wing messenger online! click on the image above to read, download, and share. 









honoring the life of kelly moore coalter

   honoring the life and ministry of kelly moore coalter livestream:en: facebook  |  vimeoes:  facebook  |  vimeofr:  facebook  |  vimeo kelly moore coalter, beloved wife, mother, mia, sister, and friend, went home to be...





passing of dr. betty jane bunton fisher

passing of dr. betty jane bunton fisher dr. betty jane bunton fisher, passed through the gates of heaven at 10:08 pm, monday, january 27, 2025 at hospice haven in rockingham, north carolina. dr. fisher lived to be 90 years old at the time of her passing. betty jane...












passing of kelly coalter







donate to cancer.org

view the celebration of life service









kelly moore coalter, beloved wife, mother, mia, sister, and friend, went home to be with her lord on sunday, february 2, 2025, after a courageous battle with cancer. born in 1959 to bob and rene moore in rapid city, south dakota, kelly embraced life with joy, cherished people deeply, and found great fulfillment in serving god by serving others.
she was preceded in death by her parents and is survived by her devoted husband of 45 years, tim coalter; daughters, amber williams (jason) and robyn vernon (chris); son, corey coalter; eight treasured grandchildren; her sister, vickie morgan (joe); along with a number of cousins, an aunt, an uncle, nieces and nephews.
kelly dedicated her life to ministry alongside her husband, who served as a national evangelist shortly after their marriage, in pastoral ministry for 28 years, as state administrative bishop of south carolina, and for five and a half years in the north america general presbyters office.















in 2022, kelly’s ministry and influence continued to expand upon the selection of her husband as presiding bishop of the church of god of prophecy. she served the office of the presiding bishop as an administrative assistant, and supported her husband as an intercessor, counselor, and confidant. she endeared herself to those she encountered in ministry, whether in the united states or around the world in places like nigeria, india, and the bahamas.

through each role, kelly made every encounter personal—she took a genuine interest in those she met, listening with care and offering words of encouragement, challenge, or blessing. her warmth, faith, and love for christ shone through in every conversation, leaving a lasting impact on countless lives.















in the years before her illness, kelly devoted herself to caring for her mother, demonstrating the same selfless love and compassion that defined every aspect of her life.
kelly’s personal motto, “reflect the heart of jesus in everything you do,” was more than a phrase—it was how she lived. as tributes pour in from around the world, the global church joins in mourning her loss, remembering the impact she had on so many lives. it is apparent she was known for her radiant smile, deep kindness, and ability to find beauty in everyday moments. during the final months of her brief but intense health battle, kelly modeled what she would often repeat, “you can’t have faith and fear in the same sentence.” she faced each day with courage and trust in god’s plan.


















assembly business acts

the business acts of the 102nd international assembly are available now!
download at the link below.

download










prayer is the first of the church of god of prophecy’s five core values. prayer touches everything, informs all activities, empowers all ministry and service, and permeates the work from beginning to end. 








we hold god’s harvest call as a core value and a central mandate. it has not been rescinded or completely fulfilled. neither can it be until all have heard.








we have allocated significant resources to create systems that cultivate a culture of excellence and produce competent, skilled leaders. 








jesus served. he calls his followers to serve. all across the world, church of god of prophecy leaders, churches, and members serve their communities in a myriad of ways. 








the church affirms that everything belongs to god and we are responsible to manage his holdings well and according to his desires and purposes. 





 








 




church of god of prophecy
3720 keith st nw
cleveland tn 37312
all rights reserved - copyright @2020 
privacy policy
terms of use

 



about us
structure
social media
assembly
treasurer’s report
pathway credit union
 






facebook




x




instagram




rss


 








































