           
	the leader in fresh food merchandising!
    
  

skip to main content







menu


display cases
 brand overview
vision series

bakery & deli
 curved glass
high volume
italian glass


specialty display
countertop
elements



market segments
 schools & institutions
conveniences stores
chains
retail markets



portfolio
 bakery
deli
self-serve
combination
countertop
schools/institutions
convenience-store
chain markets
retail-markets



resources
 spec sheets & brochures
product selector
find a sales representative
customizable options 
laminates
warranty information
request literature
sales contact form
freight quote request
trade show / convention requests
refrigerant change to r-290



blog
 federal industries blog



about federal
 the federal advantage
careers
login/logout


support & service











search site





submit search

















  





the signature of quality
innovation. customization. craftsmanship.
view our portfolio



introducing the all newvision series 












i'm looking for...



product series


select series

select series
curved glass
high volume
italian glass
specialty display
elements




product family


select family

select family
bakery
deli
self-serve
combination




product search



search


























see details for chains
                    




chains
from fast food to fast casual federal industries has your merchandising solution. 

with impulse purchase in counter merchandisers to grab-n-go, federal has a merchandiser for any size operation.
learn more about chains






see details for convenience stores
                    










convenience stores
with merchandisers to entice foot traffic and move sales from beyond the pump. 

federal industries has merchandiser solutions for any size operation from counter tops to vertical displays as well as walk around islands. 

brochure
learn more about convenience stores






see details for schools & institutions
                    




schools & institutions
when it comes to higher expectations federal industries has merchandiser solutions for higher education as well as merchandisers for those budding scholars in k>12.
learn more about schools & institutions






see details for other markets
                    




other markets

no matter the type or style from a coffee shop to a gourmet market to a airport or concession operation federal industries has merchandisers of any type, style and size to fit your needs.

learn more about other markets








featured series



view all products









curved glass
showcase your products with curved glass bakery and deli display cases from federal industries. the timeless design of the curved glass display presents your fresh food with style, while allowing for maximum product visibility and capacity.
view more info about curved glass







italian glass
showcase your products with italian glass bakery and deli display cases from federal industries. the upscale design of the italian glass displays presents your fresh food with european style. available as floor standing units with base or for counter top installations. high output led lighting and glass shelving provide superior product illumination. ideal for both bakery and deli merchandising.
view more info about italian glass







vision series
in chocolate, as in all fresh foods, it's the presentation that sells the product. which is why federal has included dozens of design features that visually promote the products and turn shoppers into buyers.
view more info about vision series




countertop
for maximum return from minimum space, choose from federal industries' complete range of attention grabbing counter top merchandisers. attractively and enticingly display your fresh foods for increased impulse purchases and profits.
view more info about countertop







elements
federal industries continues to innovate at the top end of its display cases, and include features formerly associated with costlier models into lower price points. our elements™ line is no exception. with appealing designs and features for your locations needing no customization.
view more info about elements







versatility. excellence. qualityfederal industries provides our customers with outstanding quality, innovative solutions and service parallel to none. all of our products have been rigorously tested for performance durability and reliability. our on premise, state of the art ul and
    nsf approved testing laboratories ensure that these demands are met, making them the finest in today’s market. the federal advantage



customizable to your specific needsthe breadth of federal’s product offerings is unsurpassed. our displays are designed to solve the toughest merchandising challenges. we create a vast selection of display cases with outstanding presentation features for all of your fresh food merchandising
    requirements. we offer quick value added customization with on time delivery.customizable options



  






display cases


portfolio


resources


about federal


support & service




215 federal avenue
belleville, wi 53508-0290

p 800-356-4206
f 608-424-3234
geninfo@federalind.com










terms & conditionsprivacy policyprivacy policy ca residents


    © 2000-2019 federal industries. all rights reserved. a standex international corporation company | web design & development by americaneagle.com


about standex
visit standex.com
contact standex


    focused. leadership. brands
food serviceengineeringengravingelectronicshydraulics








   






print this page







visit our facebook page.







visit our twitter page.







visit our linkedin page.







visit our instagram page.





   