













































































johnston county public schools | home





skip to contentjohnston county public schoolsmenuschoolstranslatesearch sitecollapse menulet's talksay something tips     gmailskip gallerytami poland named principal of swift creek elementary!tami poland named principal of swift creek elementary!learn more here!end of galleryenrollmentmealsinfinite campusschool finderlet's talkcalendarsstudent reassignmentemploymentget to know jcpswe're focused on supporting student success in and outside of the classroom.academic goalby 2029, jcps will perform within the top 20% of school districts in north carolina for key
indicators, e.g., performance composite and act/workkeys composite.

[jcps strategic plan]academic performancewe had 23 schools in north carolina's top 20% for academic growth in the 2023-2024 school year.leading the waywe are one of only 12 districts in the state that have exceeded pre-pandemic achievement.graduation rate91.3% of our students graduate high school in four years or less.enrollmentwe're one of the largest school districts in the state, with nearly 38,000 students enrolled.nutritionlast school year we served students nearly 4.5 million meals. our students have healthy and delicious options that include fresh produce, vegetarian choice, and meal customization.transportationwe transport nearly 25,000 students to and from school safely each day. our team drives a combined total of 32,000 miles each day.employmentwe're the largest employer in johnston county, while offering competitive wages and benefits.jcps choice programsavid programavid (advancement via individual determination) is a kindergarten through postsecondary college readiness system designed to increase the number of students who enroll and succeed in higher education and in their lives beyond high school. 


the mission of avid is to close the opportunity gap by preparing all students for college readiness and success in a global society.reverse slideradvance slideravid programavid (advancement via individual determination) is a kindergarten through postsecondary college readiness system designed to increase the number of students who enroll and succeed in higher education and in their lives beyond high school. 


the mission of avid is to close the opportunity gap by preparing all students for college readiness and success in a global society.career and technical leadership academyjohnston county career and technical leadership academy (ctla) is a five-year early college program serving students in grades 9 to 13. students complete high school requirements while earning an associate degree in one of five pathways: nurse aide, information technology (it), applied engineering, mechanical engineering technology, paralegal technology, and early childhood. ctla is housed on the campus of johnston community college in smithfield, north carolina. ib programthe ib diploma programme (dp) and ib career-related (cp) programs at smithfield-selma high school are academically challenging and balanced programmes of education with final examinations that prepare students, aged 16 to 19, for success at university and life beyond. the programmes are designed to address the intellectual, social, emotional and physical well-being of students and have gained recognition and respect from the world’s leading universities.ideal academythe ideal academy at south johnston high school is a 4-year opportunity for students to obtain skills and college credits in environmental sciences, agriculture and leadership. this unique opportunity is a collaboration between johnston county public schools and the university of mount olive. students have the opportunity to obtain a high school diploma and associate degree within 4 years. jc early college academyjohnston county early college academy is a five-year program located on the campus of johnston community college. students are dual enrolled in high school and college classes. upon graduation from jceca, students will have obtained their high school diploma and a two-year associate degree for college transfer. rigor, relevance, and relationships are key components that guide our students daily. joco teachthe joco teach academy located at smithfield-selma high school is a 4-year opportunity that identifies incoming freshmen that are interested in becoming future teachers.  the academy is a collaboration between johnston county public schools, johnston community college, and n.c. state university. the students will begin a dual enrollment program that leads to an associate degree in teaching. students will then  continue through n.c. state college of education’s teacher preparation program.fire science programjohnston county public schools fire science program provides an opportunity for students to earn the certifications and a degree to be employable and promotable within the ranks of the fire service upon completion of the program. the program, which is a partnership between johnston county public schools, johnston community college, the office of the state fire marshal, and the professional men and women of the johnston county fire service, is located at clayton high and smithfield-selma high schoolscareer & college promisecareer and college promise (ccp) is a dual enrollment program that allows eligible high school students in north carolina the opportunity to pursue college courses (tuition free) while in high school. the ccp program accelerates completion of college certificates, diplomas, and associate degrees that lead to college transfer or provide entry-level job skills. ccp is designed for students who are college-ready while in high school.career and technical leadership academyjohnston county career and technical leadership academy (ctla) is a five-year early college program serving students in grades 9 to 13. students complete high school requirements while earning an associate degree in one of five pathways: nurse aide, information technology (it), applied engineering, mechanical engineering technology, paralegal technology, and early childhood. ctla is housed on the campus of johnston community college in smithfield, north carolina. ib programthe ib diploma programme (dp) and ib career-related (cp) programs at smithfield-selma high school are academically challenging and balanced programmes of education with final examinations that prepare students, aged 16 to 19, for success at university and life beyond. the programmes are designed to address the intellectual, social, emotional and physical well-being of students and have gained recognition and respect from the world’s leading universities.ideal academythe ideal academy at south johnston high school is a 4-year opportunity for students to obtain skills and college credits in environmental sciences, agriculture and leadership. this unique opportunity is a collaboration between johnston county public schools and the university of mount olive. students have the opportunity to obtain a high school diploma and associate degree within 4 years. jc early college academyjohnston county early college academy is a five-year program located on the campus of johnston community college. students are dual enrolled in high school and college classes. upon graduation from jceca, students will have obtained their high school diploma and a two-year associate degree for college transfer. rigor, relevance, and relationships are key components that guide our students daily. find usjohnston county public schools2320 us 70 business hwy eastsmithfield,  nc 27577phone: 919-934-6031fax: 919-934-0651stay connectedaccessibility | notice of non-discriminationcopyright © 2025 johnston county public schools. all rights reserved.powered by apptegy visit us to learn more


