






home - james maguire: journalist, author, raconteur









































 skip to main content skip to after header navigation skip to site footerjames maguire: journalist, author, raconteurjames maguire, journalist, author, raconteurmenu
 
 
 
 

blog
about
books worth reading
best podcasts
contact
how to be happy: two choices
ah, the luminous champagne of human happiness. so effervescent, so uplifting, so giggly-joyous. whoopee!

but alas, those bubbles can float away, …fear, loathing and popcorn: are movie theaters doomed?
there’s a reason that movie theaters are struggling. you drive across town and pay ten bucks to do – basically – what you do at home: watch a story on …running days: tales of a teenage oxygen junkie
anxious, heart thumping, all of us standing in the brilliant autumn sun. about 40 teenage boys lined up at the starting line, almost panting. race day …the joy of pfizer
oh yeah, a fresh sweet shot of pfizer — straight up, no chaser. sure, i had to take a 90-minute train ride to find an appointment; i was never …george floyd and the protests heard across history
i feel something so positive in america. the protests are sparking us back to health. all those voices rising up for justice. the crime was against a …women in tech, tech in transition
i wrote this after going to a book release event for emily chang’s brotopia, a book about sexism in silicon valley. 

 

there’s something …the ‘rustic apple tart’ (can barnes and noble survive?)
i love it that the apple tart sold in the barnes and noble cafes is called the rustic apple tart.

i also love (unfortunately) the tart itself, in a …who is james maguire?
you know who i feel disdain for? i feel disdain for writer types, for instance, james maguire, who write blog posts about themselves on their own …the meaning of autumn
stepped outside today and realized…it’s autumn. the summer drifted away with hardly a whisper.

summer, when it’s here, seems almost stationary. for …the red tide in florida: what have we done?
i felt the deepest dismay on my recent trip to sanibel island, in south florida on the gulf coast. we stayed near the water and i was so looking …humblebrag: i won an award for my feature writing
i’m delighted to report that i won a 2018 azbee award of excellence in the category of web feature article. (azbees are awarded by the american …my tribe in the music store
i like stopping into the music store now and then. there’s a yamaha electric piano i have a crush on, but for $800 my love is better off …sidebarsearch
search this websitesubmit search

blog
how to be happy: two choicesmarch 25, 2023fear, loathing and popcorn: are movie theaters doomed?march 24, 2023running days: tales of a teenage oxygen junkiedecember 18, 2022the joy of pfizerapril 5, 2021george floyd and the protests heard across historyjune 6, 2020women in tech, tech in transitionoctober 26, 2018the ‘rustic apple tart’ (can barnes and noble survive?)october 23, 2018who is james maguire?october 14, 2018the meaning of autumnoctober 12, 2018the red tide in florida: what have we done?october 9, 2018humblebrag: i won an award for my feature writingapril 28, 2018my tribe in the music storeapril 7, 2018march for our lives in sf – feelin’ itapril 1, 2018i turned the corner and there it was….january 21, 2018nightfall december 2, 2017


 
 
 
 



copyright © 2025 · jamesmaguire.com ·sitemap






















