

advanced health plan with advanced scientific health research  "  revolutionary"   concept meeting the needs of today.  advanced health plan = education advanced scientific health provides the natural cure for cancer, heart disease, diabetes, alzheimers, arthritis, parkinson's, leukemia and more.   get the facts on:  cancer,  heart disease,  diabetes,  hiv,  hepatitis,  parkinson's,  fibromyalgia,  stroke,  high blood pressure,  high cholestrol,  clogged arteries,  alzheimer's,  migraine head- aches,  arthritis,  flu,  multiple sclerosis (ms),  pvd, crohn's disease,  lou gehrig's disease (als),  chelation,  toxic heavy metal poisoning, restless leg syndrome, irritable bowel syndrome, ibs, celiac disease and more....   for immediate release:advanced scientific health the natural cancer cure natural cure heart disease, diabetes, leukemia and more.an independent research group is making available over 50 years of health informatics and research data.  advanced scientific health researchers have reviewed the data, facts and findings;  applied the knowledge at their own personal level; and stand with their evidence that the facts are indisputable.  the group has developed an elemental health research guide that is now available as a resource for health care professionals and families.
we dislike spam as much as anyone.  your name and e-mail address will not be shared.
             




"my people are destroyed for lack of knowledge."   hosea 4:6

healing naturally 101

true health reform - the only thing that stands between a person and their own perfect health (ph) is information. empowered with the right intelligent information, anyone can improve their health, reduce their dependence on prescription drugs, enhance their quality of life, expand their mental awareness and creativity and live longer and happier.

more about advanced health,cancer,ash research number,advanced health plan,fibromyalgia,natural cures they don't want you to know,natural cure,heal,lung skin cancer,disease,heart disease,advanced scientific health,diabetes,parkinson's,stroke,high blood pressure cholestrol,clogged arteries,natural cancer cure,leukemia, alzheimers,restless legs,restless leg syndrome,physician cliff notes,arthritis,multiple sclerosis ms,lou gehrigs als,cure for disease.



home
science 180
lectures
master formulas
faq's
opportunity
contact us



diabetes,parkinson's,stroke,high blood pressure cholestrol,clogged arteries,natural cancer cure,leukemia, alzheimers,restless legs,restless leg syndrome,physician cliff notes,arthritis,multiple sclerosis ms,lou gehrigs als,cure for disease.

the solution for your health care crisis!real health care reform = educationadvanced scientific health provides cutting edge information being made available from leading doctors and scientists in the industry to achieve optimum health, many of which are nobel prize winning doctors and scientists. their  research has uncovered information that when applied, easily keeps the human body healthy and pain free, without having to concede to expensive, and potentially harmful, prescription medications. we discovered, as you will, that by giving the body back the essential elements that it has been depleted of over the years, you will live a long and healthy life, free of the worry of scary and painful diseases. 

billions are now suffering with colds and flu, obesity, high blood pressure, diabetes, heart disease, cancer, and many more degenerative diseases. we will teach you what these diseases are, what causes them, and what steps you can take to resolve these issues. the research we have found is not speculation, it is not theory, it is science.

the mission is to provide the simple steps so that anyone can apply the knowsledge to their individual needs and personal recovery plan.  ash shares what we have learned on how to get the body back in the perfect state; naturally immune to colds and flu's, diabetes, heart disease,  cancer and other degenerative disorders. we wish to irradicate the leading causes of death in the united states, as well as around the world, to help alleviate the emotional and financial strain taking its toll on individuals, families, and friends effected by these diseases.

you may be surprised to find how easy it is to correct and prevent these killers. you may also be surprised to find out what the main causes of these killers are.  




more about advanced health,cancer,ash research number,advanced health plan,fibromyalgia,natural cures they don't want you to know,natural cure,heal,lung skin cancer,disease,heart disease,advanced scientific health,diabetes,parkinson's,stroke,high blood pressure cholestrol,clogged arteries,natural cancer cure,leukemia, alzheimers,restless legs,restless leg syndrome,physician cliff notes,arthritis,multiple sclerosis ms,lou gehrigs als,cure for disease.

sick?    need help?          live information calls: saturdays at 10:00 am pt. (will resume in the near future)we are busy with the development and launch of the national outreach program and do appreciate your patience.get your questions answered today[ click here ]   vickie barker - aid coordinatorash researcher since 1999family health advocatejoin me on facebook 
health for the new world we live in!how can any " cure " reach the people without the support of the medical community?



the answer is here today!  advanced scientific health research now provides the answer for the health care crisis facing billions.
 the "advanced scientific health plan" has been prepared for all those ready to learn.
   the law of health and disease
just as there is the law of gravity, law of relativity and law of attraction there is also the law of health and disease. unfortunately, the law of health and disease is not taken into consideration nor is it being factored in to any diagnosis, prognosis, medical treatment plan or procedure by the medical mainstream or the alternative health care community.
neglecting this simple law of health & disease is the major contributor to the current health care crisis facing this nation.  the numbers being diagnosed and suffering with degenerative diseases continue to rise.  increase in the costs of treating these so-called diseases also continues to rise.  isn't it time to take a more logical approach?


science has given us the proof that the human body was created perfectly.  the body was created to have specific elements, minerals and enzymes available in the proper ratio, the correct form and in sufficient supply to create the optimum internal environment. an internal environment that would not [ and could not ] host any disease. any body can heal itself of any disease within a very short period of time, once this knowledge is applied.  this is a very natural, simple, safe, effective and affordable solution for billions. today is the day we truly reform the health care system in this country and around the world. begin learning today!   it could save your life, or the life of someone you care for. soon there will be no reason to give thought to dis-ease but only to simply enjoy good health. 
click on the following link to find out how you can participate in the greatest health care movement ever.   let's do this together!click here

irg scientific health journalapril 17, 2007 "heart disease and cancer, are now the easiest of all diseases to  understand ",  reports an  in -dependent research group.       with what many are now calling   the "medical breakthrough of the century",  10's of 1,000's attribute the total reversal of their chronic disease to the scientific discovery.      insider doctors and scientists are now providing this vital info....   dealing with chronic disease    in the 21st  century   learn how to enjoydisease-free living for life!ash advocate standing by


powered by:
crafty syntax


    top 10 causes of death in usa       1.  heart disease . . . . . . . . . . . . 710,760      2.  cancer  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   553,091    3.  stroke . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   167,661     4.  respiratory disorders . . . . . .  122,009     5.  all accidents . . . . . . . . . . . .    97,900     6.  diabetes .. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  69,301     7.  influenza & pneumonia  . . .    65,313     8.  alzheimer's. . . . . . . . . . . . . .   49,558      9.  kidney failure . . . . . . . . . . . . 37,251    10. blood poisoning   . . . . . . . . . . 31,2242000~all races, all sexes, all ages cdc (center for disease control)   doctors, hospitals, pharmaceutical companies and medical equipment manufacturers  earn billions from the treatment of illness and disease.who would lose billions from the " cure " ?  forbes 500 ~ 2002 revenuecardinal health (healthcare) . . . . . . . . . . . .  $47.9 billionmerck (pharmaceuticals)    . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  $47.7 billionpfizer (pharmaceuticals)  . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  $32.3 billionglaxo smith kline (pharmaceuticals) . . . . $29.5 billionbayer (pharmaceuticals) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $27.1 billionunited health group (healthcare)  . . . . . . . $23.4 billionbristol-myers squibb (pharmaceuticals). . . . . $21.7 billionpharmacia (pharmaceuticals) . . . . . . . . . . $19.3 billionnovartis (pharmaceuticals)  . . . . . . . . . . . . $18.9 billionamerisource bergen (healthcare)  . . . . . . $15.8 billionwellpoint health networks (healthcare) .  $12.4 billionjust to list a few......the drug story click here    
information on health,cancer,kevin trudeau,fibromyalgia,natural cures they don't want you to know,natural cure,lung skin cancer,restless legs,restless leg syndrome,disease,heart disease,advanced scientific health, diabetes,parkinson's,stroke,high blood pressure cholestrol,clogged arteries,alzheimers,arthritis,multiple sclerosis ms,pvd, leukemia,vascular disease,lou gehrigs alsmost people believe that genetics or bad luck 
		   gave them diseases for which the only treatments are drugs and 
		   surgeries. as a result, organized medicine will sell an estimated 
		   three-trillion-dollars worth of drugs and surgeries in 2010.
		   drugs and surgeries are obviously not the solution to our medical 
		   problems; each year more, not fewer people die slowly (and 
		   expensively) from pharmaceutically and surgically-treated diseases.research teams have now developed an entire education program complete with access to the needed protocols in the proper form and correct ratio. today the number of those experiencing this evidence from the scientific community is over 5,000.  we are here today to give you that same opportunity and the answers for health issues that may be facing you and those in your care.the 3 important facts

there are 3 important facts that this ever-growing group of researchers have learned:
first:
we have learned that most families and in fact most licensed health care providers have primarily been educated throughout our lives and have become quite familiar with the medical mainstream health care system which is limited to the use of chemicals, radiation and surgeries.
second:
the researchers found the alternative healthcare community provides simple applications of remedies that offer relief of symptoms that will not cause further harm to the body's own abilities to heal itself. however, although these remedies are much safer than the medical approach they may not always address the underlying cause of the pain, suffering and inabilities of the body.
third: the researchers found and investigated the scientific health community that few are aware of. we found that application of the facts and findings from the scientific health community provided us with the knowledge of how to actually help our bodies to heal themselves. we found the reason that this community has not been readily available to health care professionals and families was that it did not have a vehicle in place to provide the essential and vital facts to those that need it the most.
education & the resources to apply the knowledge!the scientific community provides a basic and simple approach that allows the body to heal itself just as it was intended when it was created. science has shown us how the body works at the cellular level. with this knowledge and simply applying what we learn we can help ourselves, our loved ones and those in our care. the answer for the well being of all human bodies is now available and it is needed like never before.
following specialized publications and programs are for medical practioners, health care providers & families.these reports will change the way you think about health and disease forever!     natural,  simple,  safe and effective.
these publications and the advanced scientific health (ash) program have been prepared for all those ready to learn.a complete program is available for easy application of this new found knowledge. you will have access to the works of the nobel laureates from their study and findings in whole body health at the cellular level.learn what to give back to the body that it was intended to have, in the correct form & the proper ratio.learning and applying this knowledge will give you the proof.the natural cure for disease is the human body itself.these resources are now available for medical professionals & families.experience is the evidence!             "what doctors do not know"amazing new research reportclick heredisease-free living for life? "ask insider doctors and scientists"click here for preview!complete education program  specialized research suppliesoption plans are available inter-active learning center
the bulletin board

 make time tolearn more!click here"disease is the absence of health at the cellular level" ~ vickie barker - autologistash researcher since 1999ash member id 668214  
no company, corporation 
or organization would put 
money, power and greed before human life.  or would they?the drug story click here  all truths are easy to understand, once they are discovered; the point is to discover them.       galileo (1564 - 1642)
it is here now!click here           

special note from:  friends against cancer & obesity  if you were directed to this site from the phone message concerning the weightloss and cancer information, please click the following link to give us your name and e-mail address so we can send you that information immediately.     click here for more




< previous | next >

[join the web ring]

   




click here to visit silverlungs.com




to contact vickie barker directly
information below this line is for the  'army of lifesavers' !advanced scientific health blogthe most important websiteadvanced health,cancer,kevin trudeau,fibromyalgia,natural cures they don't want you to know,natural cure,heal,lung skin cancer,disease,heart disease,advanced scientific health, diabetes,parkinson's,restless legs,restless leg syndrome,stroke,high blood pressure cholestrol,clogged arteries,alzheimers,arthritis,multiple sclerosis ms,lou gehrigs als,kevin trudo,cure for disease


discover the facts on:   cancer,  heart disease,  diabetes,  hiv,  hepatitis,  parkinson's, fibromyalgia,  stroke,  high blood pressure, high cholestrol,  clogged arteries,  alzheimer's,  arthritis,  flu,  multiple sclerosis ( ms ),  crohn's disease,  lou gehrig's disease ( als ),  chelation,  toxic heavy metal poisoning, and more.... the people's free advanced health plan ...heart disease and cancer are by far the leading causes of death   the 3 words you will never have to say: " i have cancer "
 the 3 words you will never have to say: " i have cancer "information on health,cancer,kevin trudeau,fibromyalgia,natural cures they don't want you to know,natural cure,lung skin cancer,disease,restless legs,restless leg syndrome,heart disease,advanced scientific health, diabetes,parkinson's,stroke,high blood pressure cholestrol,clogged arteries,alzheimers,arthritis,restless legs,restless leg syndrome,multiple sclerosis ms,lou gehrigs als,advanced scientific health,advanced health,kevin trudo,trudeau,stop cancer naturally,prostate cancer,natural cure for heart disease,natural cure for high cholestrol
this site is a member of webring. to browse visit here.

      search engine placementsubmit express   


common
searches



discover the facts on:   cancer,  heart disease,  diabetes,  hiv,  hepatitis,  parkinson's, fibromyalgia,  stroke,  high blood pressure, high cholestrol,  clogged arteries,  alzheimer's,  arthritis,  flu,  multiple sclerosis ( ms ),  crohn's disease,  lou gehrig's disease ( als ),  chelation,  toxic heavy metal poisoning, and more.... the people's free advanced health plan ...heart disease and cancer are by far the 
leading causes of death spiritual health   stem cell research parkinsons  disease  home businessadvanced health,cancer,kevin trudeau,cure,free,heart,disease,diabetes,flu,they don't want you to know,doctor,book,discount,pharmaceutical,have cancer,leading cause of death,natural cures,trudeau,natural,medical corruption,restless legs,restless leg syndrome,fda,moneythe advanced health plan brings you kevin trudeau's natural cures they don't want you to know book and natural cure for, cancer, heart  disease, diabetes, hiv, hepatitis, parkinson's, fibromyalgia, stroke, high blood pressure cholestrol, clogged arteries, alzheimer's, arthritis, flu, multiple sclerosis ( ms ), crohn's, lou gehrig's ( als ),restless legs,restless leg syndrome, chronic fatigue syndrome, autism and more.




    facts about family    information on health,cancer,kevin trudeau,fibromyalgia,natural cures they don't want you to know,natural cure,lung skin cancer,disease,heart disease,advanced scientific health, diabetes,parkinson's,stroke,high blood pressure cholestrol,clogged arteries,alzheimers,arthritis,multiple sclerosis ms,restless legs,restless leg syndrome,lou gehrigs als,advanced scientific health,advanced health,kevin trudo,trudeau,stop cancer naturally,prostate cancer,natural cure for heart disease,natural cure for high cholestrolthis webpage provided by  annybelle  publishing advanced health plan  © 2001-2013-z hosted by:  pagekeeper service 





 