




independent catholic news






















advertisement
 would you like to advertise on icn? click to learn more.











home

news

uk & ireland
us & canada
world
obituaries & tributes
justice, peace & environment
education
youth & young adults



reflections

reflections & homilies
viewpoint
letters
blogs



arts & culture

gospel in art
art, theatre, music & shows
films, tv & radio
books
poetry
travel



listings

forthcoming events
regular events



classified ads

jobs
courses & voluntary work
retreat, spirituality and pilgrimage centres
businesses, accommodation & travel


prayers
contact
resources
links
about








latest newsgospel in art: they demanded a sign from heavenfeb 17th, 2025gospel of 17 february 2025 mark 8:11-13 at that time: the pharisees came and began to argue with jesus, seeking from him a sign from heaven to test him. and he sighed deeply in his spirit and said, 'why does this generation seek a sign? truly, i say to you, no sign will be given to this generation.' and he left them, got into the boat again, and went to the other side. reflection on the painting l... read morebishop mcaleenan urges uk government to address causes of forced migrationfeb 16th, 2025following the second reading of the border security, asylum and immigration bill on tuesday, 11 february, bishop paul mcaleenan urged the government to address the root causes that force many to make dangerous journeys in search of safety. the new law would put new crimes on the books and grant harsh counter-terror-style powers to tackle people smugglers bringing migrants across the the english ch... read moreholy land: tree planting volunteers detained, buses confiscatedfeb 16th, 2025rabbis for human rights write: "on friday morning, over 100 volunteers from across the country joined us for a planting day in masafer yatta, south hebron hills. in partnership with seven civil society and anti-occupation organizations, the day was a testament to the power solidarity. "together with the palestinian community, who welcomed us onto their land, we planted hundreds of olive saplings-a... read moreconference building bridges between north and south americafeb 16th, 2025the 'ecclesia in america network' recently hosted a theological congress on synodality in america, focusing on promoting dialogue on themes of human mobility; ecumenism and interreligious dialogue; and new theological scenarios. the congress is part of the network's efforts to respond to pope francis' desire for increased collaboration between north and south america. according to the organization... read moremost popular (in last seven days)jerusalem: israeli police vandalise bookshop, arrest stafffeb 10th, 2025hundreds of american jewish leaders denounce trump plan for gazafeb 14th, 2025ian linden -  president trump: defender of the faith?feb 11th, 2025cardinal welcomes historic muslim-jewish accordsfeb 12th, 2025canadian jesuit projects devastated by trump aid cutsfeb 13th, 2025vatican astronomer releases 'a jesuit's guide to the stars'feb 14th, 2025podcast:  sr joan chittister with fr john dear on 'the nonviolent jesus'feb 16th, 2025in the next episode of the nonviolent jesus podcast, to be posted on monday, february 17, pax christi usa ambassador of peace and nobel peace prize nominee fr john dear talks with sr joan chittister, osb, about the beatitudes - not as prayers, but as bold, countercultural ways of living that challenge systems of power. monday's will be part one of a three-part series on the beatitudes. sr joan and... read morepope sends angelus message from hospital bedfeb 16th, 2025pope francis called for peace in the world  in a message sent from his bed at the gemelli hospital in rome, where he is recovering from a chest infection. in the message released by the vatican media  office,  pope francis expressed sorrow that he is unable to be among the faithful in person. he prayed for peace in war-torn countries across the world and expressed gratitude for the medical care he... read morearchbishop: praying the rosary can be life changing + videofeb 16th, 2025archbishop john wilson gave a keynote talk on st oscar romero and the rosary at the launch of his latest book: the romeo rosary' in the amigo hall, southwark, on thursday. in his reflection the archbishop spoke about how praying the rosary can be life changing - even for those who do not know where to start. in the book, the archbishop has penned new 'romero mysteries', which he said can help us u... read moregospel in art: blessed are you..., woe to you...feb 16th, 2025gospel of 16 february 2025 luke 6:17, 20-26  at that time: jesus came down with the twelve and stood on a level place, with a great crowd of his disciples and a great multitude of people from all judea and jerusalem and the sea coast of tyre and sidon. and he lifted up his eyes on his disciples, and said: 'blessed are you who are poor, for yours is the kingdom of god. blessed are you who are hungr... read morepope resting in hospital, condition improvingfeb 16th, 2025pope francis is being treated for a respiratory infection at rome's agostino gemelli hospital where laboratory tests indicate an improvement in certain health parameters. a statement released by the holy see press office on saturday afternoon said the pope rested throughout the night without experiencing episodes of fever. "the examinations carried out during the day confirm the respiratory tract ... read morepassionist statement on current us immigration policiesfeb 15th, 2025as leaders of the passionist congregation -   we are deeply committed to keeping alive the memory of the passion of jesus christ. in this spirit, we are compelled to respond to the new united states administration's executive orders on immigration. while we affirm the importance of secure borders and condemn the violence committed by any member of our society, we call for policies that reflect the... read moresunday reflection with canon robin gibbons: 16 februaryfeb 15th, 2025sixth sunday in ordinary time hard though it may be for us to hear it, jeremiah's comparison between trust in human beings and god strikes one s very prescient in an age of great confusion and mistrust in the wider political sphere often caused by the social media that has very little checks and balances. what is worse is the outright lack of probity we discover amongst so many of our public figur... read moregospel in art: the feeding of the four thousandfeb 14th, 2025gospel of 15 february 2025 mark 8:1-10 in those days, when again a great crowd had gathered, and they had nothing to eat, jesus called his disciples to him and said to them, 'i have compassion on the crowd, because they have been with me now three days and have nothing to eat. and if i send them away hungry to their homes, they will faint on the way. and some of them have come from far away.' and ... read morehundreds of american jewish leaders denounce trump plan for gazafeb 14th, 2025hundreds of jewish public figures in the united states have condemned president trump's proposal to "take over" and redevelop gaza, saying this would amount to the ethnic cleansing of millions of palestinians. on thursday, 13 february, more than 350 rabbis and other jewish public figures took out a full-page ad in the new york times and used it to condemn president trump's proposal. the ad reads: ... read morehumanitarian plea from the churches of jerusalemfeb 14th, 2025the patriarchs and heads of the churches in jerusalem have issued this statement tonight: 'a humanitarian plea from the churches of jerusalem: defending the dignity and presence of the people of gaza'. as custodians of the christian faith and conscience in this sacred land, we raise our voices in sorrow and steadfast resolve in the face of the ongoing suffering in gaza. the devastation that has un... read moreload more 





donate


search






synod & synodality


icn media course


masses & prayer resources online


newsletter


subscribe to daily newsletter

saint of the dayseven servite founders

supporters


 
join our free mailing listtell us what emails you'd like:daily newsletter (latest news and saint of the day)weekly summary (news from the last week)you can unsubscribe at any time. for more detail see our privacy policy. 




about
privacy and cookies policy
website terms of use
contact
donate
advertise
newsletter 
website updates 


 facebook
 twitter
 youtube

 linkedin
 pinterest



© independent catholic news 2000-2025






 

