




  






home - lynden chamber of commerce, wa















 








 menu 




























































events 






the lynden farmers day parade


the northwest raspberry festival


downtown trick or treat


the northwest lighted christmas parade


lynden event calendar 


submit event to calendar 








about






welkom basket program


the lynden community


community statistics








live






lynden web cam


worship


education


community cash back program


welkom basket








play






airport info


accommodations


visiting canada; visiting the u.s


around whatcom county


what to do








work






job listings


agriculture


shopping


meeting rooms and conference facilities







restaurants

business directory






directory listings


member login


member application







contact us

























































go









pages



members



categories



quicklinks



events





























































































directory





















member login





















join today! 





















come on over!






 





we sure missed seeing some of you!
now it's time to unwind, relax, and enjoy life!
when you need to relax, unwind, and just plain chill, lynden has the best places to stay, the best places to eat, the best places to shop, and the best places to have fun. simply stated, lynden has the best for you!
we love meeting people from all over the world, and we hope to see you in lynden soon!















read more























































lynden web cam





















map

















































what to do



exploring berthusen park, skating at the lynden skateway, million smiles playground, biking around quiet country roads, the ski slopes and hiking trails of mt. baker, boating the islands of the san juans, such a variety of fun to be had! but these two youngsters are just so darn cute, enjoying their stay at the national award-winning lynden koa (above), located right in town, just about 1-mile from america’s main street, so awarded to downtown lynden after a national vote!




















where to stay



camping not your thing? staying in downtown lynden offers one of the best lodging experiences, right in the heart of the action! the inn at lynden, located in the award-winning best restored building in the northwest, as awarded by the northwest american institute of architects. the attention to detail and ability to save such structural components as the original wood floors and beams, while including the most modern conveniences, was a large part of why the inn at lynden is nationally recognized as one the finest building restorations in the pacific northwest!






















upcoming events




 






































































 lynden chamber of commerce


  360. 354.5995

  lynden@lynden.org



 © copyright 2025 lynden chamber of commerce. all rights reserved. site provided by growthzone - powered by chambermaster software.
























 


