








big, old fashioned german shepherds


















â â black magic german shepherdslooking for a classic, big, old-fashioned german shepherd puppy? the type with flat back and a great mind, that is safe around your kids? naturally protective, but not a biter? faithful and loving?we've been raising that kind of dog for 48 years now. â healthy, big gsd that adore their people.â  â  â  â  â  â  â  â  â  â  â what are black magic german shepherds?-â large. oversized compared to the akc standard. not huge, just the way they were in the 70's.â - dogs that are bred to be family dogs, first and foremost. â nurturing and trustworthy.- german shepherd puppies that are raised in homes. no kennel dogs here!â - carefully bred for health and temperament.â tested for good hips, elbows, dm and embarked- german shepherd puppies that are sound and healthy for nine generations now.- athletic but not high drive; they make terrific family dogs, sar, therapy and service dogs.-â never bred for sloped hipsâ or anything to compromise good health.- every puppy is born into our hands and is cherished, socialized, andâ  carefully raised to be the absolute best pup we can produce.â  please explore our website, and check out our facebook page.â  â  â  we are in northern california. â  â  no sales to breeders.â  home of the classic, old-fashioned, large german shepherd dogâ  â  email â wendy at:all text, photos and graphics on this site are copyrighted and cannot be reproducedâ without written permissionâ â â â  â  â  â  â  â  â  â  â  â  â  â  â  â  â  â  â  â  â  â  â  â  â  â  â  â  â  â  â  â  â  â  â  â  â  â  â  â  â tevisjunky@att.net.you've come to the right website if you are interested in old-fashioned german shepherds, classic german shepherd puppies, german shepherd pups, big german shepherds, black german shepherds, white german shepherds, german shepherd dogs for sale, german shepherd pups for sale, german shepherds in california, german shepherds in north carolina, west coast german shepherds, east coast german shepherds, trained german shepherds, long-haired german shepherds, oversize german shepherds, and even some huge german shepherds! â we also have information on german-bred german shepherds, and we have german shepherds in the movies, these are quality german shepherds. â  we love german shepherd dogs! we have produced some very nice service dogs, and search and rescue dogs.many of our clients use their german shepherd pups as therapy dogs. we do training and are happy to train your puppy!1homepuppiespups for saleupcoming litterscontact usreserve/buyprice/guaranteeour dog familytrained pupswhite gsdabout usphoto gallerywhy buy from ustestimonialsdog blogpedigreeshorsesfaqwhite gsdthese are our stud dogs: kind, loving and maternal boys who can be trusted with littles. â all with good hips and clear dna including dm.

website designed at homestead™ design a website and list your business










