


german ways: links to our past and present









welcome to the german ways website 










grüss gott, willkommen.
this website, german ways is intended as one of your links to the world of the germans, german speaking peoples, and of our ways. we are providing an avenue for those of us with german ancestry, history, and interests to connect on the web. and this includes all of the german speaking peoples of the world wherever we are. this website has information and links for germany, austria, switzerland, tyrol, liechtenstein, canada, the united states and other countries throughout the world.
included are links for industry, universities, science, german history, german cities & villages, online german newspapers and magazines, latest news, current events, travel to europe, art works, medieval architecture, german castles, german language books, english language books about germany and german living, german music, food, and customs, movies, german history and people, prussian history, genealogy research, learning to speak, read, and write german, fraktur type & handwriting, shopping, maps of germany, including prussia, and much more.
and be sure and read more about the german exchange students program. 




general information
	links for planning trips to germany, austria, or switzerland.
	 
german/american heritage
	links for german/american and german/canadian web sites.
	 
german & preussen leaders 
	links for german & preussen government, military, scientific, and religion leader web sites.
	 
publications 
	world wide web links for online german language newspapers, magazines, monthly, quarterlies, and other publications.
	 
german bookstore
	german book department offers books on germany and german language, german language books and magazines.
	 
german grocery store  *updated*
	the german grocery store offers for sale grocery items from german food processors and manufacturers in germany.
	 
investments & collectibles
	links for german coins, stamps, silver krugerrands, and collectibles.
	 
german and austrian classical music.
	welcome to the music department of lübeck haus.
	in this section we have german classic music, german marches, and german & austrian folk music.
	 
german music & vocal mp3 downloads titles
	click on and browse through more than forty eight thousand german music and vocal mp3 downloads titles.
	 
zoeller & born beer steins
	visit and browse our selection of collectible german beer steins made in germany.
	 
german beer steins
	visit and browse our selection of collectible german beer steins and beer brewing books.
	 
german music, alpine yodeling, song & dance
	links for alphorns, alpine yodeling, schuhplatter, songs and alpentanzer.
	 
growing edelweiss flowers
	links for edelweiss history, edelweiss seeds and growing edelweiss flowers.
	 
die edelweiss blume 
	links for edelweiss history, facts, and the song: edelweiss. 
	 
customs
	links for customs, traditions, german recipes, festivals, and songs.
	 
falconry and hunting with birds
	falconry books and falconry web links.
	 
german shepherd dogs 
	german shepherd dog history and why we like these dogs in our homes, on our farms and busineses.
	 
staat kennzeichnet
	links for each of the german and austrian bundeslander flags.
	 
black forest cuckoo clocks
	offers a selection of black forest cuckoo clocks.
	 
beer, sausages, german sauerkraut, black forest hams, and other foods 
	links for beer, sausages, sauerkraut, cheese, wines, and pretzels.
	 
german genealogy
	genealogy research books and internet links for genealogical record searching in north america and europe.
	 
german language tutorials: language & fraktur 
	learn to read, write, speak, and understand the german language.
	 
	
links for kindle readers. 
links for german english dictionaries. 
links for german language instructional tutorial web pages. 
links for fraktur printing and german handwriting script fonts. 
link to lübecks bookstores tutorial books, cds, and computer software for studying and learning the german language. 
link to boulder creek technical bookstore for german language books & kindle readers, including language books for children.

		 

 
deutsch tutorials: software courses
	use computer software to learn to read, write, speak, and understand the german language.
	 
german history
	browse through hundreds of books on german history, including prussia.
	 
frauenkirche
	dresden frauenkirche books, history, youtube videos, mp3, and pictures.
	 
history links
	links for german, austrian, prussian, swiss, and tyrolean history.
	 
castles 
	links to german, austrian, tyrolean, swiss, and ost preussen castles.
	 
wilhelm gustloff
	the sinking of the ship wilhelm gustloff: the deadliest sea disaster, more than six times the number of lives lost on the titanic.
	 
web links
	links for useful and interesting websites. covers many topics.
	plus, a list of german search engines. most of these are in the german language.
	 
travel 
	travel books and links for travel planning.
	we are adding more travel books and sites all the time.
	 
correct time 
	the correct time is given for any place on their extensive lists that you request. covers the whole world.
	 




german ways is owned, written, and maintained by lübeck haus. please visit the departments in our lübeck haus store and lübeck haus bookstore.  

lübeck haus bookstore
	lübecks bookstore has an extensive selection of instructional, how-to, engineering, and technical books. including german history, culture, and people. plus german language magazines, german music, and german movies.
	and books and language tutorial software for learning to understand, read, and write the german language.
the lübeck haus grocery store
	offers grocery selections, including prepared foods, breakfast foods, breads & bakery supplies, seafoods, pasta, cooking & baking supplies.
	and a selection of german foods, including black forest hams. 
pacific mountain masonry 
	masonry construction contractors supplies, trow and holden stone masonry tools, and masonry equipment. 
king street market 
	visit the kings street market directory for a variety of shopping stores and bookstores.
pacific northwest home gardener 
	visit the pacific northwest home gardener for gardening, farming, livestock, and books, tools, and equipment. plus solar power books and equipment. 
the washington institute of dendrology research
	the washington institute of dendrology research is a scientific and educational nonprofit corporation based in washington state. our goal is to build the washington institute of dendrology research center which will provide facilities and critical pathology and entomology research into the causes, control, prevention, and the eventual eradication of some of the devastating invasive diseases and insect infestations that affect the health of the forest trees, landscaping trees, fruit trees, nut trees, and our crop trees. 
lübeck haus store 
	lübeck haus store offers an extensive selection of books, music cds, vhs & dvd movies, home & office electronics, kindle readers, kindle books, microwave cookware, digital computers, professional software, cellular phones, video games, digital cameras, all-new fire hd 8 tablet, power & hand tools, hardware, clothing, apparel, jewelry, watches, magazine subscriptions, games and toys.
	transactions are convenient, quick, easy, and safe.




thank you for visiting at german ways.
webmasters, if you have a website and would like your link on this site, please send us an email.
webmeister: web-seiten in der deutschen sprache sind willkommen. 
be sure and  bookmark or add to favorites  this page so that you can find it easily when you need it again.



if you have comments, questions, or suggestions, email us at edward@sedelmeier.com


this page was last reviewed and updated august 8, 2023.



