




online suppliers of swarovski & preciosa crystals






















skip to main navigation
skip to content



















cart

0 items
    
view your cart








                                    menu
                                






home


delivery


contact us


faq's & resources


blog



pinterest
twitter
facebook










 

 









        categories
        



swarovski closeouts


performance accessories


rhinestones non-hotfix


rhinestones hotfix


sew-on small & feature stones


nail art crystals


crystal beads


crystal pearls


crystal pendants


swarovski buttons


sample charts


adhesives, tools & containers 


chandelier prisms, spectra & strass


pointback rhinestones


wires & threads


jewellery findings


trims, appliques & lace


seed beads & bugles


special orders


clearance items

























     nz's most comprehensive rhinestone & crystal supplier
   nz authorised reseller for preciosa® crystal componentsswarovski®, jewel acrylics, danza, arabesque, e6000®, gem-tac®, hotfix applicatorwe are away wednesday 19th feb - friday 21 feb.nb: orders will therefore be dispatched on monday 24th feb!are you a new customer? how you can get the most out of our site...
	looking for flatbacks to glue-on? go to 
	rhinestones non-hotfix and then use the filters to find the size/colour/brand/shape you want. looking for flatbacks to hotfix on? go to rhinestones hotfix and use the filters there in the same way. looking for something to sew-on? go to sew-on small & feature stones and use the filters there. once you're in any section you can also choose to view all products in that section, simply by selecting view all products, instead of viewing only 9 at a time.
it's our pleasure to serve you with the things that matter most!
	easy online access and checkoutquality products at reasonable & competitive prices
	
	genuine swarovski® and preciosa® crystals
	
	internationally competitive colour & size range
	
	carefully selected low-cost options
	
	no minimum order value
	
	friendly expert advice 
	
it's good to know that right here in nz...
	...you can shop locally and confidently from experts, selecting from a truly international range of 
	swarovski® and preciosa® rhinestones, flatbacks, beads, crystals and pearls to meet your needs and exceed your expectations.

	sought-after
 rhinestone and bead supplies for making jewellery, for dancesport, for 
irish dance, for rhythmic gymnastics, for burlesque, for ballet, for 
fitness culture, gems for make-up artistry, for craft embellishing, for bridal, for nail art, for 
dressmaking and for all stage & performance wear - all the 
diamantés, crystals and sparkle you need is here!
and it's good to know that you'll get prices that are reasonable and reliable...small packs through to bulk wholesale packets - our generous quantity discounts are available for all - 
simply click on the "pack size" drop-down boxes to find out!

it's a southern hemisphere trait to be proudly independent...
	...and
 at rhinestonz & beads we're proudly to remain fiercely independent 
and able to determine our own stocked products according to our over 30 years
 of experience and knowledge of our client's needs.  
but sometimes a cheaper alternative is all you need? 
yes, fair enough.
	we have those too:)

	carefully
 selected (because let's be frank folks - not all cheap rhinestones are created equal), lower-cost alternatives - arabesque®, jewel acrylic, and danza rhinestones - brilliant for all the right reasons (including the ever-important budget!).
	


so, can we help you?
yes. 
	every day we deal with mums 
(& sometimes dads), dancers, dressmakers, teachers, performers, 
craft people, businesses & designers from many fields of expertise. 
from tiny swarovski nail art orders to large commercial installation indents - 
we delight in meeting the needs of our diverse clientele.
we're inspired by our customers and our products - let us 
in turn inspire you!
donna & the rhinestonz & beads team

featured product


















testimonials

        "just received my order and i am super happy thank you!! 

you have amazing customer service, thank you so much- i genuinely appreciate it so much!"
    
- j.v.n. hamilton


donna writes...

        i am away wednesday 19th feb - friday 21 feb.
nb: orders will therefore be dispatched on monday 24th feb!
    













email
stonz@rhinestonz.co.nz



company info

terms & conditions
returns, exchanges, replacements
privacy policy
about us



ordering

ordering info for nz clients
back order policy



delivery

nz delivery
closed dates for 2024 - 2025





© 2025 rhinestonz and beads



site by
efinity




















