






pam dennison | positive dogs


















































































 


  



skip to content




 






home
group classes

class descriptions
class schedules


private training

privates
aggression/reactivity
service dog training
zoom sessions
the reward zone


service dog training
video classes

video class schedule
you can train your dog!
managing the multiple dog household, part 1
managing the multiple dog household, part 2
cleaning up your act – 1
cleaning up your act – 2


for dog pros

host a seminar
certified whistle recall instructor
the reward zone itc
scent discrimination training for service dogs
video classes for ceu’s
turn it on!


store

all items
books
dvds
pdf’s & e-books
certified whistle recall instructor
whistles
teach leash live zoom
scent discrimination for service dogs
gift certificate
zoom sessions
leather tracking harness


reward zone

r.e.w.a.r.d. zone
reward zone pre-prep live online class!
r.e.w.a.r.d. zone itc


about

about pam dennison
faq
meet the dogs
pam’s brags
shadow: who started it all
testimonials


more!

blog
directions
recipes
freebies!
links, etc.
reading list
videos
certified whistle recall instructors


pet portraits
menu



search for:













home




dogs do things we don’t like; they jump, they pull us down the street on leash, they bark, they don’t come when called. all of this can be frustrating. don’t be embarrassed, let’s fix it! i focus on both sides of the leash; training your dog good manners, empowering you with skills and confidence. i teach your dogs to be well behaved, replacing the behaviors that are driving you crazy with manners that will make you proud. i show you what’s possible and how you can have the dog you dream of!
 private dog training, whenever and wherever you need it!: your dog needs training, but you’re on the road. you may think it’s impossible to get the help you need when you don’t have a ‘home base.’ in fact, those of you that travel have an even stronger need to have dogs that are model citizens. as long as you have an internet connection, i can provide the same quality private training via zoom from wherever you are! click here fmi!


 video classes: prerecorded but supported with tons of feedback video classes! five great topics! a fabulous option for when you live across the country or the world or have a schedule that doesn’t mesh with taking regular classes. all classes monitored by pamela dennison. questions and interaction encouraged! click here fmi on offerings and schedules!


 reward zone online, live group class: because i know first hand what it’s like living with an aggressive dog, i’m here to help you wade through the process; from being scared to confident, while we also work on your dog! this a group live, online class. even though all of your dogs have their own personal issues, i will be addressing all of them in this group class. we’ll learn from each other and get your creative juices flowing! click here for schedules and more information.


 all lessons offer flex attendance: attend live in person or online via zoom from anywhere in the world. or you can even choose a combination – some in person, some online – it’s about your convenience.
i have a 2,800 square foot dog training facility in belvidere, new jersey, and i offer private training, specialty classes, plus convenient combination training packages. regular group classes for competition (obedience, rally), specialty classes including behavior modification and aggression and service dog training.  click here for class schedules.
   ﻿
specialty classes of all kinds. (on the road, training the whistle recall, competition obedience, growl class, and many more!).
privates and group classes for dogs with problem behaviors, including aggression and service dog training. 
we don’t know what we don’t know: the value of a coach
practise is great. but you must be doing the right practise. practising with dedication but in the wrong way isn’t helpful, which is why you need a coach. today information is everywhere (not necessarily good advice). people are learning so much and trying to apply it to their training. things might be going along swimmingly in their eyes, though their inexperience cannot see that the bolts are loosening before the wheels fall off. a coach will know when an exercise or behavior is derailing sometimes months before a student realizes they are on the wrong track. and you won’t know what you are not doing right or what you need to add, simply because we don’t know what we don’t know!
never underestimate the value of a coach! everyone needs one.
seminars on dog aggression, rally and competition obedience, positive (clicker) dog training and how to properly “read” your dog; all at my training facility and at other facilities and dog clubs within an 8-hour driving distance. click here for offerings!

 
if you need help with separation anxiety – contact maggie and click here
 
 
mission statement: to effectively teach dog owners how to build a positive relationship, erecting a line of communication with their dogs and train in a positive and non-punishing way to promote success in whatever their goals may be.
see the trailer for one of my books!  which won the maxwell award from the dog writer’s association of america for best training book for 2016! it’s now available for order – e-book and print! click here

serving warren, morris, hunterdon and sussex counties (nj) and northampton, pike and monroe counties (pa). washington, port murray, independence, belvidere, glen gardner, hackettstown, hope, blairstown, great meadows, buttsville, oxford, hackettstown, mansfield, liberty, knowlton, columbia, frelinghuysen, budd lake, long valley, easton, stroudsburg, clinton, flemington, annandale, long valley, phillipsburg, stewartsville, bloomsbury, harmony, alpha, califon, high bridge, lopatcong, hopatcong, pittstown, hampton, randolph, somerville, dover, flanders, mt. olive, roxbury, chester, mendham, jefferson, mt. arlington, morris plains, succassunna, manville, morristown, easton, delaware, delaware water gap, sciota, martinsville, tannersville, pocono manor, scotrun, saylorsburg, brodheadsville, marshall creek, shawnee on the delaware, stroudsburg, e. stroudsburg, stroud, and many more. call or use my contact form for more information. check pricing or learn more about me!
the black and white club: the video clips below are from what i call the black and white club. it is a walking group where some of my students and i get together and walk our dogs off leash in safe areas. sometimes we just have a few dogs, sometimes a large crowd. anyone is welcome to join us as long as your dog is good with other dogs, you have good off leash control (or you can start with leash dragging) and comes when called.
 
comment from a youtube viewer: this video made me feel so happy! i took my dogs on a “pack walk” a few months ago (the name alone should have made me realize it was a bad idea). instead of hearing “good boy”, “good dog”, whistling, “yay!” and seeing treats being given out as shown in your video, there were constantly people screaming “no”, “get over here”, “stop that”, and zaps from e-collars being given out to non-compliant dogs. your walk seemed like a ton of fun for the dogs. the “pack walk” was a stressful experience.
contact pam for info on having a fun walk experience!
 





 





908-459-5244
contact pamnewsletter 




phone: 908-459-5244

warren, morris and hunterdon counties, nj plus zoom! 

new location! belvidere, nj 07823

 

copyright © 2025  pamela dennison. all rights reserved. 
a siteorigin theme















