















national fenestration rating council | nfrc is the leader in energy performance information, education, and certified ratings for windows, doors and skylights..













































contact
payment portal
report issue
member login
  
 
 









menuindustrynfrc communitymembershipmeetingsupcoming meetingsarchiveballots closecertified products directorycpd searchcpd logincpd issues formcpd supportcpd participantsalternative size toolsupdate pcp schedulescmast searchcmast support closeresourcestraining & workshopsigdb file submissionthermophysical submissionspecified size calculatorballotstechnical bulletinsprogram bulletinscertified logo/labelinterpretations closecertificationresidential certification programcommercial certification programfee scheduleprogramsfenstar certification programcompliance and monitoring program (camp) closehomeownersconsumer guide to windowswindow selection toolshopping guidewindows filmsfaq closeenergy performance labelcertified products directoryaboutabout nfrcnfrc staffboard of directorsmedia resourcesjoin our team close

 



 



 










national fenestration rating council 

fair, accurate, and credible ratings for residential and commercial fenestration







the national fenestration rating council (nfrc) is committed to fair, accurate, and credible ratings of windows, doors, and skylights. our ratings contribute to making buildings more comfortable and energy efficient.
the nfrc label provides clear, factual ratings across key performance categories.











what does the nfrc label tell you?
the nfrc label helps you compare between energy-efficient windows, doors, and skylights by providing you with energy performance ratings in multiple categories.


window labeldoor label




u-factor measures how well a product can keep heat from escaping from the inside of a room. the lower the number, the better a product is at keeping heat in. range: 0.20-1.20 look for: low numbers
visible transmittance measures how well a product is designed to effectively light your home with daylight, potentially saving you money on artificial lighting. the higher the number, the more natural light is let in. range: 0-1 look for: high numbers
 

nfrc also has a condensation rating that is optional for manufacturers to include, so you may or may not see it on the label. the higher the number, the better a product resists condensation. download the optional label.
				
solar heat gain coefficient measures how well a product can resist unwanted heat gain, which is especially important during summer cooling season. the lower the number, the less you’ll spend on cooling. range: 0-1 look for: low numbers
air leakage measures how much air will enter a room through a product. the lower the number, the fewer drafts you’ll experience. range:  ≤ 0.3  look for: low numbers



product description description of the door frame or glass.
glass area amount of glass in door by area.





door-specific rating the circled value shows you the rating a door has received. each rating is split into two values: solar heat gain, and u-factor. solar heat gain coefficient measures how well a product can resist unwanted direct or indirect solar radiation. this radiation can cause your home to heat regardless of outside temperature, which may be favorable or unfavorable depending on whether you’re heating or cooling your home. in summer months, a low solar heat gain coefficient helps to keep your home cool. in winter months, a higher solar hear gain coefficient can help to keep your home warm. range: 0-1 look for: low numbers in cooling conditions; high numbers in heating conditions. u-factor measures how well a product can keep heat from escaping from the inside of a room. the lower the number, the better a product is at keeping heat in. range: 0.00-2.00 look for: low numbers




cma label certificates are additional project-specific labels, and contain the appropriate address and contact information for the project on the first page. the second page contains the certified ratings.







window selection tool
use this tool to find the most efficient windows for your home.



energy performance label
understand the difference between energy-efficient products using the nfrc label.



certified products directory
search the directory of all nfrc-certified products.











how is the nfrc label different than energy star?
think of it this way: the energy star label tells you that a product is energy-efficient. the nfrc helps you compare between energy-efficient products by giving you independent ratings in several energy performance categories.



 




 
 





©2025 nfrc

contact us

privacy policy



terms of use



