





the grout doctor















































 



		skip to content








 





main menu
 


home
franchise
contact
important links
oldtile
newtile
services
about

appointmentappointment 
 

 
 







 













professional grout cleaning 



the grout doctor 



									operations performed by the grout doctor are usually completed in one day, leaving you with the use of your area within 48 hours from completion.								






get free estimate



















make an enquiry 



please enable javascript in your browser to complete this form.name *email *phone *additional message *websitesend message 
















toll free call 



call now 















about us 



the grout doctor is canada’s largest specialized grout restoration company. while currently serving residential clients in windsor, london, kitchener, hamilton and ottawa, the grout doctor offers commercial clients its services throughout ontario. 



before you perform radical surgery on your kitchen floor or bathroom tile, call the grout doctor for a free onsite diagnosis and prescription. 







 












operations performed by the grout doctor are usually completed in one day, leaving you with the use of your area within 48 hours from completion. 






get free estimate























services 












clean & sea 



kitchen or bathroom tiles and grout that were not originally sealed usually develop stains and traffic buildup over time. 








mold & mildew removal 



 if recurring black spots are evident in your shower or bathtub tile grout, you probably have mold wicking through from the back side of the tile. 








re-grouting 



customers that are continually fighting shower mold and mildew now have an alternative to expensive tile replacement. 












epoxy grouting 



with microban technology to fight mold and its high stain resistance, epoxy grout is the best choice for showers, pools, kitchens or any situation with high moisture levels. 








grout re-coloring 



re-colouring grout is a great alternative to expensive floor tile replacement. 








grout & tile repairs 



the grout doctor can remove and replace broken tiles and grout with your spare tiles or consult with you to install completely new ones. 















 












for a fraction of replacement cost and far less painful than renovation, the grout doctor
can achieve similar results! 






read more


















 


 







copyright © 2025 the grout doctor










powered by the grout doctor








 
















