


fireball pc complete computer solutions of ct, computer repair,sales,service





































 

 





































residential services 



business services 



computer repair 



wireless networking



voip telephone 



it consulting



hardware sales 



custom computers



website design



home theater 








            fireball pc is your single source for all of your computer needs. our experienced, factory trained and certified technicians   can resolve any computer issues you may have, from minor computer upgrades to network server installations.
call us today for all of your computing needs
(860) 653-3219 
 
fireball pc is proud to be an american owned and operated company. 











 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
> 



fireball pc is a full service computer sales and service   solutions company. we have been serving business and residential customers   throughout connecticut, massachusetts,  and new york for over a   decade. fireball pc offers our customers onsite computer service, repairs,   upgrades and installation. we also offer hardware and software sales, printer   sales and service, voip telephone sales, service and installation. contact us   today and let our factory trained and certified technicians resolve any and all   of your computer and it service needs or speak to one of our knowledgable sales associates for all of your computer, network or printer purchase requirements at the lowest prices. 
 
fireball pc continues to grow and expand because of our   reputation for delivering the highest level of quality and service to all of our   customers. no matter what service we perform, we aim to over-deliver on all    of our services. from computer and printer  repairs, service and upgrades, to complete systems and   everything in between, let us show you what the best is all about. let fireball   pc be "your one stop shop" for all your computing   and it needs.












onsite computer repair, service, upgrades 





fireball pc is available   for on site service, repair, upgrades and computer sales in ct and ma.   fireball pc offers the lowest rates for computer repair and onsite services and   all work is guaranteed. we have factory trained and certified tech's available   for on site service to your home or business or we can pick up your system and   deliver in our local area for no extra charge. fireball pc is also a factory   authorized warranty service provider for many major brands and retailers, sears,   compaq, hewlett-packard, best buy, gateway and many more... call or email us   today for information










 













printer service, repair and sales 



fireball pc printer services specializes in lexmark, hewlett packard,   konica/minolta, xerox, ibm, epson, oki data and most other brands for printer   service and repair at very competitive prices. fireball pc is an authorized printer   service provider, offering printer repairs and maintenance service on most makes   and models, including hp, canon, lexmark, epson, ibm, konica/minolta and more.  managed   service contracts available for printer maintenance, repairs and service. fireball pc is available for on site service, repairs, sales, upgrades and   printer maintenance service in ct, ma and ny. we service and repair all   brands of laser printers, professional and wide format inkjet printers and multi-function printers. managed   service contracts available for printer maintenance, pay-per-print and repair service.










 












website design services 



in todays business world, having a website is no longer a bonus, it is a   necessity. customers are no longer looking for businesses and services in the   phone book, but are turning to the world wide web. fireball pc can design a   website that fits your business model, whether you need a simple design to   describe your business or a complete online shopping site, our graphic artists   can design a website that fits your needs. fireball pc can also design websites for local sports teams, school projects, weddings and more. call us for a free consultation.









 












custom built computers 



do you need a new desktop, notebook or server computer system? are you tired of pushy salespeople   and their confusing technical mumbo-jumbo? tired of low quality or non-upgradeable computer systems? tired of talking to india for computer help? or do you want a computer that has been designed with hardware and   software to fit your specific needs with local support? then let our experienced and professional certified tech's   build a customized system just for you or your business at a price that fits your budget. contact fireball pc for a free consultation and price quote. 









 





 












home theater design and installation 



fireball pc has the answers for   you with our  home theater installation services. having a professional   and experienced professional install your home theater system will maximize the way that   you watch television and listen to music.we specialize in the creation of custom designed and installed home theater systems. our   experienced and professional audio and video consultants can design, supply hardware (plasma tv's,speakers,etc.) and install a complete,   high performance home theater or meeting room, custom tailored to match your home or office decor and your   lifestyle, whether you are building your dream home or remodeling your existing one. fireball pc can also design and install conference and boardrooms for your business or office location. 










 












laptop/notebook repair, sales and service 





we realize that not all business is done from   behind your desk or during normal business hours. having access to your business   information, however, is critical - regardless of where or when it is. we supply   a large selection of notebook computers, including tablet style pcs and rugged   laptops. for repairs, we research, develop and provide unique laptop repair   solutions. our experienced   technicians hold industry certifications and have successfully repaired hundreds   of laptop computers for end users, businesses, schools and government agencies. 










 












catering to the customer




fireball pc offers a virtually unlimited list of capabilities because of our   experienced and certified tech's. when it comes to our business, we offer our   customers a powerful resource and a recipe for success. fireball pc is an independently owned company with nationwide capability   specializing in computer and printer repair, sales, service and   upgrades. our   technical expertise has ensured we continue to enjoy a reputation for   professional integrity, quality service and support, which we proudly   maintain. our extensive list of customers include small start up companies,   government agencies, u.s. military, health institutions, financial, education,   home users, soho & large corporate clients. 









 












wireless networking 




secure wireless networks are just another way that technology is changing the   way that we live our lives, and conduct our business affairs. with a secure   wireless network, it is possible to work from the comfort of your own home or   take work with you on your laptop while you are traveling, share music and files at your home or office with other computers. 









 











data recovery 




fireball pc has partnered with drivesavers data recovery. the company recovers data in as little as 24 hours from all operating systems and storage media including hard drives, raid, disk arrays, servers, floppies, cd-rom/dvd, backup tapes, flash memory, removable and magneto-optical cartridges. drivesavers is authorized by all hard drive manufacturers to open sealed drive mechanisms without voiding the original warranty. they are known worldwide as the most trusted and respected company in the industry. mention our reseller id # ds67089 and receive a 10% discount on your data recovery! 









 




partial list of fireball pc services 
 home and small business   networking 
 computer repair and troubleshooting
 inspect for and remove spyware
 server installation
 website design
 business  and home network   security
 computer   maintenance
 pos sales and installations 
 emergency data recovery 
 wired & wireless networks
 operating system installation and upgrades
 peripheral installation and setup:  scanners, digital cameras,   printers, etc
 software & hardware installation and upgrades 
 custom built computers 
 high speed   cable and dsl installation and setup
 laser printer repair, service, sales
 voip telephone sales, service & installation
 warranty and depot repair
 notebook, netbook, laptop sales, repair and service 
 site surveys and estimates
 digital signage 
 it   consulting
 structured wiring 
 

 









 















   
  





 
 
 
 


 

 
 






 




info:  spyware, virus and trojan

10 smart steps to maintain your pc 




how to setup  email in outlook express 

onsite service coverage area 




protect your pc from spyware & adware

common computer problems 




printer and imaging resource center

other website links and resources 


 





 


 home    l   
                support   l   about us   l   affiliates   l   contact us   l  privacy    l   site map    l   resources   l   legal   l  valet computer upgrade service    l  website links


 
            
 


© 2009 fireball pc. all 
          rights reserved.


 






