




opinion | the guardian






























































skip to main contentskip to navigationprint subscriptionssearch jobs sign inintinternational editionuk editionus editionaustralia editioneurope editionthe guardian - back to homethe guardiannewsopinionsportculturelifestyleshow morehide expanded menunewsview all newsworld newsus politicsuk newsclimate crisismiddle eastukraineenvironmentscienceglobal developmentfootballtechbusinessobituariesopinionview all opinionthe guardian viewcolumnistscartoonsopinion videosletterssportview all sportfootballcricketrugby uniontenniscyclingf1golfus sportscultureview all culturebooksmusictv & radioart & designfilmgamesclassicalstagelifestyleview all lifestylefashionfoodrecipeslove & sexhealth & fitnesshome & gardenwomenmenfamilytravelmoneysearch input google-search searchsupport usprint subscriptionssearch jobsholidaysdigital archiveguardian licensingabout usthe guardian appvideopodcastspicturesnewsletterstoday's paperinside the guardianthe observerguardian weeklycrosswordswordiplycorrectionssearch input google-search searchsearch jobsholidaysdigital archiveguardian licensingabout usthe guardian viewcolumnistscartoonsopinion videoslettersopinioncomment is free…but facts are sacredcp scott, 1921 guardian editortrump’s plan for gaza leaves arab nations facing an impossible choicenesrine malikthis mortifying dilemma goes to the very soul of the region - and its leaders have brought it on themselves10h agothe us led the charge against global corruption. now trump is clearing the way for kleptocratsoliver bullough2h agobetter mental health care around pregnancy exists – i’ve seen it. why aren’t all women getting it?rhiannon lucy cosslett3h agohuman rights are not a ‘loophole’ – why can’t families from gaza like mine seek safety in the uk?ghassan ghaben7h agoas the us retreats, europe must look out for itself – so is macron’s nuclear offer the answer?simon tisdall9h ago…… commentsa perfect boiled egg in 32 minutes? don’t let science ruin the joyful imperfection of home cooking alicia kennedy6h ago…… commentsthrill-seeking made me feel alive – until the day i hurtled down a volcano on a mountain bike gary nunn8h ago…… commentsin an nhs ward i saw how britain relies on immigrants. yet still we tell them they’re not wantedjohn harris…… commentsthe punishment doesn’t fit the crime in britain. that’s why our jails are overflowingsamira shackle…… commentsthe north of england had high hopes for this government. why is it only offering us crumbs from the south?peter hetherington…… commentseuropeans are right to be angry with donald trump, but they should also be furious with themselvesandrew rawnsley…… commentswhen it’s illegal to cause distress to believers, call it for what it is: a secular version of blasphemy kenan malikvoices that oppose the assisted dying bill aren’t ‘noise’. they are vital scrutinysonia sodhaour inhumane jails are promoting a vicious cycle that is criminal in itself martha gillmore opinionloads more stories and moves focus to first new story.all opinionfacebookwrite for uswhy i quithidea chance encounter took me from a new york skyscraper to a london food market – and a new lifefranco fubini…… commentsi always needed background noise in my life. then i turned off my phone and embraced the silencekrissi driver…… commentsafter my mother died, i dreaded my stepfather moving on. then i realised love isn’t limitediman m'fah-traoré…… commentsi was terrified of being the last single woman left among my friends. then i made peace with itédaein o’ connell…… commentsmore why i quitloads more stories and moves focus to first new story.the guardian viewhidethe guardian view on jd vance in munich: europe must stand up for its valuesthe guardian view on new housing: labour must not let builders dictate terms…… commentsthe observer view: a year on from his death, alexei navalny still shines bright in a dark land the observer view: change to uk citizenship rule is cruel and misjudgedmore the guardian viewloads more stories and moves focus to first new story.spotlighthidein israel, dread and rage haunt the streets. netanyahu is exploiting thatjonathan freedlandwhen i visited israel this week, it seemed time had stood still since 7 october. i saw pain and grief, but little sign of hopemore spotlightloads more stories and moves focus to first new story.you may have missedhidedonald trump’s betrayal of ukraine has emboldened vladimir putin and pulled the rug from under nato allies simon tisdallthe ramifications of the president’s appeasement of russia will be felt widely, not least in the alliance he recklessly undermined…… commentselon musk owning openai would be a terrible idea. that doesn’t mean it won’t happenchris stokel-walker…… commentsrobert f kennedy jr has mass appeal despite his extreme ideas. this theory explains whydarren loucaidesthe westminster whatsapp addiction has claimed its latest victim. why can’t they just stop?katy ballsno woman should be forced to change her clothes in front of a male colleaguesonia sodhaa hunger strike to force the release of my friend alaa abd el-fattah – it’s the ultimate weapon of the powerlesspeter grestemore you may have missedloads more stories and moves focus to first new story.cartoonshidenicola jennings on what’s on the table for trump and putin – cartoon…… commentschris riddell on donald trump, cowardly appeaser of war criminal vladimir putin – cartoonif the us president really wants peace in ukraine why is he putting russia first?…… commentsmartin rowson on donald trump’s big high school prom – cartoonmoscow is buoyant – a direct call with trump was precisely what putin had been waiting for…… commentscolumnistshideeven prince william doesn’t attend church – it’s time for a new reformationsimon jenkinsah, here’s trump’s peace plan for ukraine – or rather, a plan to leave it in piecesmarina hyde…… commentsthe concerted attack on assisted dying won’t stop the public supporting this billpolly toynbee…… commentstrump’s senseless capitulation to putin is a betrayal of ukraine – and terrible dealmakingtimothy garton ashcall it thatcher’s timebomb: the great council housing selloff, a crisis hidden in plain sightaditya chakrabortty…… commentsdonald trump sees his trade war as a show of strength. in fact, it’s the oppositelarry elliott…… commentswhy does labour think bashing migrants is the way to defeat reform? look abroad: the tactic never worksowen jonesin the musk revolution, lessons from the 20th century will be deletedrafael behr…… commentswho’s to blame if creators of deepfake porn get off lightly?  labour ministers, it seemspolly toynbeeit’s straight from the trump playbook: labour is tearing up the machinery of governmentgeorge monbiot…… commentsdonald trump is remaking the world. but he really won’t like the resultnesrine malik…… commentsstarmer’s dislike of real politics is plain to see. it’s why his government has no directionjohn harris…… commentsmore columnistsloads more stories and moves focus to first new story.lettershidethe existential threat facing uk universitiesloving the british museum, pots and all drawing strength from the notion of sisustarmer’s nuclear reactors won’t be small, cheap or popularjd vance and those threats from withinfemale-only spaces are a safety issuelettersufos have earned a new name – and should be objects of serious studyfantasy fiction doesn’t need reclaiming for women – they already write and read it more lettersloads more stories and moves focus to first new story.most viewedhidemost viewed in opinionmost viewed across the guardianmost viewed in opinionas the us retreats, europe must look out for itself – so is macron’s nuclear offer the answer?trump’s plan for gaza leaves arab nations facing an impossible choicethrill-seeking made me feel alive – until the day i hurtled down a volcano on a mountain bike it’s never been more important to stay tuned inhuman rights are not a ‘loophole’ – why can’t families from gaza like mine seek safety in the uk?better mental health care around pregnancy exists – i’ve seen it. why aren’t all women getting it?a perfect boiled egg in 32 minutes? don’t let science ruin the joyful imperfection of home cooking the us led the charge against global corruption. now trump is clearing the way for kleptocratsthe guardian view on jd vance in munich: europe must stand up for its valueseuropeans are right to be angry with donald trump, but they should also be furious with themselvesmost viewed across the guardianukraine will not accept a saudi-talks peace deal, says zelenskyyliveeuropean leaders meet for emergency summit as uk calls for continent to ‘step up’ defence – europe livea ‘great shock’: julianne moore’s children’s book under review by trump administration‘this is a coup’: trump and musk’s purge is cutting more than costs, say expertsjames murdoch lays bare his relationship with ‘misogynist’ father amid succession fight in rare interview‘it’s trump’s world’: european leaders divided on how to navigate ‘cacophony’new zealand’s ‘everyone must go!’ tourism campaign ridiculed as emigration hits record higheurope at ‘turning point’ as leaders meet in paris to discuss ukraine crisislivetrump administration begins firings of faa air traffic control staff just weeks after fatal washington dc plane crash - us politics liveas the us retreats, europe must look out for itself – so is macron’s nuclear offer the answer?explore more on these topicsdonald trumplabourvladimir putinukrainetrump administrationthe guardian viewcolumnistscartoonsopinion videoslettersnewsopinionsportculturelifestyleoriginal reporting and incisive analysis, direct from the guardian every morningsign up for our emailhelpcomplaints & correctionssecuredropwork for us privacy policycookie policyterms & conditionscontact usall topicsall writersdigital newspaper archivetax strategyfacebookyoutubeinstagramlinkedinnewslettersadvertise with ussearch uk jobsback to top© 2025 guardian news & media limited or its affiliated companies. all rights reserved. (dcr)

