











home - ez-depositslip




















































 



















demo
tour
faqs
updates
features
testimonials
purchase
contact
 








select page


  
 



 



 


























use coupon code ez20 to save $20 











      try our free demo
      





      buy now!
        














create an unlimited number of deposit slips, accounts and banks.



are you one of the millions of businesses that accepts checks but still hand writes your deposit slips?



no more messy hand written deposit slips or the need to purchase over-priced hand written deposit tickets.



once installed no internet connection required.






what is ez-deposit slip?
ez-deposit slip is a low cost pc application that prints professional looking bank deposit slips with your laser or inkjet printer.  besides saving time, money and hassle by printing your own accurate deposit slips, you won’t have to buy overpriced deposit slips from the bank. accepted at all banks. money back guarantee.
only $79 – 100% money back guarantee of satisfaction.









who uses ez-deposit slip?









non-profits


charity organizations
fraternities/sororities
religious organizations
schools/universities
healthcare providers/agencies 






businesses


attorney and law offices
real estate agencies
condominium association
parts distributors
property managers/landlords






everyone!


publishers
medical / dental providers 
martial arts instructors
financial services
and anyone else that accepts checks!















what features does ezdeposit slip have?
one main screen with large feature buttons -very easy-to-use (no technical manuals)unlimited accounts and unlimited number of items/checks per deposituses approved micr e-13b ocr (optical character recognition) font (for encoding routing and account numbers)customizable to any business or organization (see business types) checking, savings, business and personal accountscash inventory calculator (excellent for restaurants and retail)unique payer name warnings to prevent misspellings and duplicate payer entries import and export payer/deposit detailsauto backup to user defined pathnetwork capable (pro version)interesting sound effects options when entering a check (who said making a deposit cant be fun?)custom report writer & form letter generator  (for late notices, partial payment, returned checks, reminder notices etc.)runs on windows 7/8/10 (does not require web access)allows optional 2 digit trans code & sales locator number on micr lineaccepted in canada horizontal and vertical (business type) deposit slip for printing a list of payers on the back side of the deposit slip
and much more!
				click here to learn more.
one main screen with large feature buttons -very easy-to-use (no technical manuals)unlimited accounts and unlimited number of items/checks per deposituses approved micr e-13b ocr (optical character recognition) font (for encoding routing and account numbers)customizable to any business or organization (see business types) checking, savings, business and personal accountscash inventory calculator (excellent for restaurants and retail)unique payer name warnings to prevent misspellings and duplicate payer entries import and export payer/deposit detailsauto backup to user defined pathnetwork capable (pro version)interesting sound effects options when entering a check (who said making a deposit cant be fun?)custom report writer & form letter generator  (for late notices, partial payment, returned checks, reminder notices etc.)runs on windows 7/8/10 (does not require web access)allows optional 2 digit trans code & sales locator number on micr lineaccepted in canada horizontal and vertical (business type) deposit slip for printing a list of payers on the back side of the deposit slip









what benefits do i get from ezdeposit slip?
create professional deposit slips with your pc and plain paperalways accurate – no more double checking your math with adding machine tapes or calculatorcreate reports that meet or exceed your fiduciary responsibilities (ie earnest money, security deposits and retainer audits)increases cash flow by getting your checks deposited fastersolve payer disputes with payer reports showing who paid,  how much, when and many other check and deposit detailsuses plain paper and your laser/inkjet printer (save $$ on pre-printed forms)never run out of deposit slipscreate late payment and other form letters as you enter checksprint accurate payer detail reports for dispute resolutionkeeps you organized by recording every payer detail such as check number, two user defined memo fields, late/redeposit and much more..
and much more!
				click here to learn more.
create professional deposit slips with your pc and plain paperalways accurate – no more double checking your math with adding machine tapes or calculatorcreate reports that meet or exceed your fiduciary responsibilities (ie earnest money, security deposits and retainer audits)increases cash flow by getting your checks deposited fastersolve payer disputes with payer reports showing who paid,  how much, when and many other check and deposit detailsuses plain paper and your laser/inkjet printer (save $$ on pre-printed forms)never run out of deposit slipscreate late payment and other form letters as you enter checksprint accurate payer detail reports for dispute resolutionkeeps you organized by recording every payer detail such as check number, two user defined memo fields, late/redeposit and much more..












our award winning pc application will save you time, money and hassle by allowing you to print professional looking bank deposit slips with your printer with plain paper.











      try our free demo
      





      buy now!
        












what are people saying about us?














h. portella


flushing ny




“at consur brokerage we make hundreds of deposits every month. ez-depositslip saves us many hours of typing and reduces the errors in mistyping and the aggravation that brings.”















charles potter treasure


helen presbyterian church, helen ga




“i want to thank you …. i never expected so much.  on behalf of helen presbyterian church i want to thank you again. your program is working great. feel free to show this letter to anyone.















al matheus


west allis, wi




“ez-depositslip is the most user friendly and comprehensive deposit ticket software that is a must for any owner of a multi-family income property, or any other business with multiple item deposits.”















sonya gasses


ministry assistant for greenville baptist church, greenville, ga




“we have found the ez depositslip software to be highly effective for our church.  with multiple users making deposits, it is user-friendly and streamlines the process so everyone is doing it the same way.  as a non-profit organization it also allows us to easily provide year-end giving statements for tax purposes.  the support service was also very helpful in addressing a recent technical issue.  i highly recommend the ez depositslip software!”















larry lautenbach,


tri county heating inc, new franken, wi




“we have been in business for 30 plus years. started using ez-depositslip in nov 2013. every now and than a software product comes around that does what it s advertised to do to, ez- depositslip is the poster child for that! this product saves labor and helps keep customer/vendor accounts in balance, with all information at my fingertips!”















andy pracht,


coastal long term rental company, inc.,  hilton head island, sc




“i’ve been in the real estate rental business for about 30 years. before finding ez–depositslip i would normally spend about 10 hours at the end of each month locating problems with my escrow account. i was unable to locate deposit problems because my software did not track deposits like your program. i was unable to find someone to write a database to help me track my deposits in detail.  went online, downloaded your program and it has been a lifesaver for my business. i now spend about 30 seconds finding mistakes in my deposits vs. the posted deposits… i wish i had the foresight to look for this program years ago but i am one very happy user now.”















peter o’brien,


halifax sailing association, daytona beach, fl




“ez-depositslip is the perfect program for any small business or organization that needs a quick, simple, easy to use deposit system. after installation, which is a snap, i was entering and printing deposits in literally minutes.”















linda cooper,


finance manager sanford airport authority, orlando sanford international airport




“we have been using the ez-depositslip software for about six weeks since hearing about it from our it manager. once the initial set up of customers and tenants is done, it saves us time both in entering deposit items and verifying the totals, probably about an hour or so a day.”















tom ryan,


rtr home services, inc. d/b/a the maids home services, raleigh, nc




“just a quick note to let you know that i am very pleased with the ezdeposit software. as a small business owner, i get very involved in all aspects of the business, including bookkeeping, banking, etc. etc. often, the paper jungle makes it difficult to focus on the core business.”















kelly f,


resort cabin rentals




“i would like to say this is the best thing going for doing up deposit slips. i own a resort with store and let me tell you it saves me a lot of writing. i had hand surgery years ago and as time goes buy i find writing to be a task for my hand a lot of times. i get the writers cram thing going, and it is not a fun feeling. anyway i just want to take the time to tell anyone that inquires about your software that i had my account info in and was doing up a deposit in less than 5 mins. what a wonderful & very easy software to use !!!!!!”















peter o’ brien


halifax sailing association, daytona beach, fl




“ez-depositslip is the perfect program for any small business or organization that needs a quick, simple, easy to use deposit system. after installation, which is a snap, i was entering and printing deposits (without using the excellent help file) in literally minutes. our bank has been extremely happy with the preprinted forms, and never has a deposit amount or number been in question. not only is it a fine utility for entering and printing deposits, its reports section allows quick access to payer information, historical reports, income type breakdown, memo reports and miscellaneous reports! add to that easy access to account and payer maintenance files and point and click preference settings and it just keeps getting better and better. as the membership chairman for our 200 member plus sailing association this product far exceeded our expectations. i can’t imagine any other software in today’s market that has the flexibility and user friendliness that ez- depositslip possesses. buy it! you won’t be sorry! a 10 out of 10”











 

 
 
 



©1998- 2025  wasserman medical publishers ltd. all rights reserved.
site designed and developed by drifting horizons llc
 

 
 
 
 




























