





vintage volkswagen club of america – established 1976



































 

 


skip to content














  


search for:








homeabout usboard of directorsmembershipwho can join?free and pro membershipsmember benefits for pro membersclubs & repschapter clubs & representatives rosterhow does a club become affiliated?faq’svintage voiceabout vintagevoicecurrent newsletterprevious newslettersregalia shopfree membersclothingbooks, magazines, and brochureskey chains & fobsfun stuffdecalsvw accessoriespro membersclothing pro membersbooks, magazines, and brochures pro memberskey chains & fobs pro membersfun stuff pro membersdecals pro membersvw accessories pro memberspro members discounts












vintage volkswagen club of americadean schulz2021-07-29t22:31:07+00:00 
vintage vw club of americaa network for vintage vw enthusiasts - est. 1976
vintage volkswagen club of americafor anyone interested in all models, makes, and years of volkswagens.
welcome to the website of the vintage volkswagen club of america. we’re an association of individuals who largely own air-cooled volkswagens of all shapes and sizes. though our focus is primarily the air-cooled volkswagen, we invite any volkswagen owner of any year to join our club. if you own a vintage volkswagen and believe in driving your vw as we do, we’re sure you’ll find something of interest here for you.
join now 
 loading...





















from the presidentthe vintage volkswagen club of america (vvwca) was founded in 1976 to serve as a network for vintage volkswagen enthusiasts owning air-cooled cars.
the vvwca endeavors to assist all enthusiasts of vws in the historical, technical, and social aspects of this hobby. the vvwca is a non-profit organization, run voluntarily by enthusiasts, for enthusiasts. we operate with funds from our pro-member’s dues, chapter club dues, and our sponsors. you will see our board member’s names listed in this newsletter and ads for our sponsors. chapter clubs are listed on our website.
we invite all persons interested volkswagens to join our club (national), and to seek-out your local chapter or vvwca affiliate club. there are countless events that occur throughout the year which allow you to meet enthusiasts with similar vw interests and to provide the resources to help you enjoy your volkswagen to the fullest.
the vvwca has two membership options, our free basic membership and our pro-membership with lots of great benefits. if you are a member of one of our chapters or just a vw fan, please join the national club.
i want to thank our auction sponsor, hagerty and our auction/classifieds sponsor, hemmings. we also have partnerships with many other great companies like hot vw’s, cartech and more. 
eric l. goodman 
president
join the club 
 loading...

































 
 






		© copyright 2023 vvwca  |  website by zoogaboog! 


facebook
 
 
 
 


 
 





 
























































































go to top




