












home loans, refinance: california | hms capital funding


























































 


 

1-833-255-5698

 toggle navigation    

about us

our process
appraisals
radio ads


refinance

cash-out refinance
debt consolidation


loan options

buy a house
15-year fixed rate loan
30-year fixed rate loan
fha loan
harp loan
va loan


calculators
reviews
contact us
 








we want you to apply with at least two lenders...we are completely confident that no matter how many lenders you apply with,we will win your business with our razor sharp interest rates.






it only takes a few minutes to review affordable rates available call or email today!

fill out my online form.

  fill out my wufoo form!  





we want you to apply with at least two lenders…
we are completely confident that no matter how many lenders you apply with, we will win your business with our razor sharp interest rates.


getting married and making a series of vows…
it’s just like signing loan documents on a brand new home loan. the difference is the odds of a marriage making it 30 years are grim, but a 30 year home loan is a contract and a certain to last for 30 years.


don’t let mortgage fisherman treat you like a bass…
everyday, homeowners shopping for a new home loan are treated like bass advertisements that are far from real and have a hook in it. they’re just trying to get you to bite.




why choose hms capital

at hms capital funding, we offer personalized service no matter what size your loan is.
our experts will guide you through the loan process, get you the best rates possible, and do it without any high pressure sales tactics.
all of our specialist’s main goal is to make sure you are completely satisfied throughout the entire process.
we won’t run your credit report in order to give you rates and payment options, we won’t call you 3 times a day for weeks at a time, and we won’t tell you one thing and then give you another.
we are a direct lender which means there are no middle men so you get the lowest rates possible, on any home loan or refinance, without having to jump through hoops.

call or email us today and see why we have achieved a 98% customer satisfaction approval rating.













no appraisal fee


no application, origination, or other lender fees.


we won’t run your credit report until you sign with us


you will not get lost in the shuffle or stuck in automated online forms


we will never sell your information to anyone


no high pressure sales tactics or bait & switch















buy a house
there are several factors that traditionally...
more







refinance
home ownership can feel like both a pleasure and a curse...
more







calculators
use our simple mortgage calculator to plan your future...
more







contact us
it only takes a few minutes to review affordable rates available, call or email today!...
more






















hms capital funding a dba of golden empire mortgage, inc. #2427; nmls id: #1887548, licensed by the department of financial protection and innovation under the california residential mortgage lending act.












 

follow us





do not sell my information





about us
refinance
loan options
calculators
contact us
 



contact us
phone: 1-833-255-5698address: 2835 townsgate rd. suite 101 westlake village, ca 91361 


copyright © 2020 hmscapital.com
licensed by the department of financial protection and innovation under the california residential mortgage lending act. privacy notice
design & marketing by 

























































































































































































