






hedy lamarr – the official website of hedy lamarr

























































 

















skip to content



hedy lamarrthe official website of hedy lamarr 


home
about

biography
filmography
quotes


historical photo gallery
licensing
 















hedy lamarr 



brains & beauty 











jeff beck and johnny depp - this is a song for miss hedy lamarr
[official music video] 



 
 




 jeff beck and johnny depp have collaborated on a new album, “18,” which draws its title from the youthful spirit and creativity they discovered in recording together. the musical soulmates have released the lead single from the album, “this is a song for miss hedy lamarr,” an homage to the actress/inventor. 































paintings by denise loder-deluca 



denise loder-deluca is an established artist who has done a series of paintings of her mother, hollywood actress (inventor, & artist) hedy lamarr . 



 







view the full hedy lamarr collection
 











about hedy lamarr 



she was born hedwig eva maria kiesler on november 9, 1914 in vienna, austria. at 17 years old, hedy starred in her first film, a german project called geld auf der strase. hedy continued her film career by working on both german and czechoslavakian productions. the 1932 german film exstase brought her to the attention of hollywood producers, and she soon signed a contract with mgm. 




read full biography
 







  











“hope and curiosity about the future seemed better than guarantees. that’s the way i was. the unknown was always so attractive to me… and still is.” 











read more quotes
 











bombshell: the hedy lamarr story 




 




what do the most ravishingly beautiful actress of the 1930s and 40s and the inventor whose concepts were the basis of cell phone and bluetooth technology have in common? they are both hedy lamarr, the glamour icon whose ravishing visage was the inspiration for snow white and cat woman and a technological trailblazer who perfected a secure radio guidance system for allied torpedoes during wwii. weaving interviews and clips with never-before-heard audio tapes of hedy speaking on the record about her incredible life—from her beginnings as an austrian jewish emigre to her scandalous nude scene in the 1933 film ecstasy to her glittering hollywood life to her ground-breaking, but completely uncredited inventions to her latter years when she became a recluse, impoverished and almost forgotten—bombshell: the hedy lamarr story brings to light the story of an unusual and accomplished woman, spurned as too beautiful to be smart, but a role model to this day. 











learn more about bombshell: the hedy lamarr story
 











 







filmography 



often called “the most beautiful woman in film,” hedy lamarr’s beauty and screen presence made her one of the most popular actresses of her day. she was part of 30 films in an acting career spanning 28 years. 




view full filmography
 











in the news 














the donation of ms. lamar’s personal journal to the archives center, national museum of american history on behalf of the hedy lamar estate, cmg worldwide is pleased to announce the donation of ms. lamar’s... read more 






hedy lamarr’s forgotten, frustrated career as a wartime inventor the hollywood screen legend hedy lamarr was born hedwig kiesler, the only child of wealthy, assimilated... read more 






the beautiful brilliance of hedy lamarr lamarr was a gifted inventor as well as a screen siren—though you wouldn’t know it from ecstasy and me, the... read more 






hedy lamarr: the incredible mind behind secure wifi, gps and bluetooth “the brains of people are more interesting than the looks i think,” hollywood actress and inventor hedy... read more 



 











want to learn more about continuing the legacy of hedy lamarr? 








reach out to us
 














cmg worldwide in its fifth decade of licensing and clearing intellectual property rights, cmg worldwide is the recognized leader in its field. cmg helps you navigate through and effectively manage the licensing process, while providing peace of mind that you have addressed all the outstanding clearance concerns.

 

find us cmg worldwide310.651.2000
privacy policy
opt-out preferences
 © hedy lamarr 2024

 






about
historical photo gallery
home
home
licensing
opt-out preferences
privacy policy



powered by wordpress | theme: astrid by athemes.				








manage cookie consent






to provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique ids on this site. not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions.





functional



functional

								always active							






the technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.





preferences


preferences







the technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.





statistics


statistics







the technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.
the technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your internet service provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.





marketing


marketing







the technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.





manage options
manage services
manage {vendor_count} vendors
read more about these purposes



accept
deny
view preferences
save preferences
view preferences


{title}
{title}
{title}



manage consent









































