


colormark pro liquid gray root touch up




























  
























  

"colormark is simple, quick and foolproof. i've tried all the sprays and powders and did not like them. this is very easy."(p.d., des moines, ia) 







colormark pro home
colormetrics home









contact customer service





return and exchange policy






privacy policy
terms and conditions




view your account
 
©  colormetrics llc     all rights reserved











cew celebrates entrepreneurial spirit
		with the 1st annual enterprising beauty award
this new cew award celebrates innovation in independent companies. the first recipient of this honor is 
		colormetrics for its product, colormark, the first instant temporary liquid hair color for touching-up gray 
		roots.
"the enterprising beauty award is an important addition to the cew beauty awards, as it offers an opportunity 
		to honor new talent and their achievements in breaking the mold," says carlotta jacobson, cew president. 
		"we are excited to honor colormetrics, as the company truly embodies the unique entrepreneurial drive and 
		character celebrated in independent, new beauty companies."
forty other companies submitted entries for this award. the winner was determined in a special vote by the 
		cew board of directors.
cosmetic executive women (cew) is the leading organization for women working in the world of beauty. it 
		is a nonprofit trade organization of over 4,000 women in the beauty industry and related industries worldwide.








cosmetic innovator of the year
		colormark by colormetrics
six member companies of the independent cosmetic manufacturers 
		and distributors association (icmad) were recognized for their innovative products, manufacturing processes, 
		marketing ideas and sales techniques with the association's first city awards for cosmetic innovators of 
		the year. the winners were announced at an awards ceremony during icmad's 31st annual meeting in new 
		york city.
"we changed our entrepreneur awards program this year to honor innovation and raise the bar on creativity," said 
		icmad president ian ginsberg.








colormark wins allure's
		editors' choice award
the awards selection process
		the allure best of beauty editors' choice awards was established to recognize the best, most effective products, 
		tools, and treatments in the beauty industry. winning products are selected by allure's editors and is based on months 
		of rigorous and comprehensive testing.









