


all american driving school | driving school and driver's education in reno/sparks















			phone: 775-825-1957
			phone: 775-322-2456
			508 victorian ave
			sparks, nv 89431
sales@internetdrivered.com



menu


home
about us â–¼

about the company
locations



adult courses â–¼


driving instruction
traffic safety
nevada handbook
nevada level 1 dui



teen courses â–¼


driving instruction


other courses â–¼

seniors

medical evaluation









driving school in reno/sparks/fernley/fallon/carson city

				welcome to all american driving school's nevada driver education courses. these courses offer you the opportunity to 
				study and prepare for final written drivers education tests at either a all american driving's testing location or at 
				the nevada department of motor vehicles. in this website, you can:
			


decide which online course you require
study and prepare the exam for a 30 or 60 day period. 


how to get started online

				if you know what course you are interested in...you can read about and purchase that course by going directly to the
				 detailed description page in the left menu or call the office to sign up for the class you want.
			
behind the wheel instruction

				all american driving school also offers driver's education courses and field driving classes. please see our course
				descriptions page for information about classes and pricing for our onsite adult packages, teen packages, defensive 
				driving, and medical evaluation services.
			

				for information about all american driving school, please see our about the company page as well as our locations 
				page for maps and driving directions to our offices.  office visits, by appointment only.
			



				login
			








				about us
			


					all american driving school has been in the business of providing driver's education to nevadans since 1983. we offer a number of driver education classes for teenagers, and we also teach adults and do driving evaluations for people that have had medical problems.
				

					past company clients include washoe medical center, bishop manogue and bishop gorman high school, job opportunities in nevada, the bureau of services to the blind and other private and government agencies.
				

services offered
					adult driver training courses

					teen driver training courses
					licensed driver defensive driving course
					evaluations for older drivers
					medical evaluations
					computer coaching for dmv written test
				

hours
					monday - friday 9:15am to 4:00pm (office visits by appointment only)
					driving lessons available 7 days a week by appointment
				





			© all american driving school
			design by bdg web design










			phone: 775-825-1957
			phone: 775-322-2456
			508 victorian ave
			sparks, nv 89431
sales@internetdrivered.com






