





inspired entertainment





















































































































skip to content















 homegamingcontentcabinetsvirtualscontentplug & playtrailersfaqinteractivehybrid dealer®play nowleisuremanaged servicespushersnewslatest newsnews archiveabout usoffice locatorcareersstandard t&c of purchasestandard t&c of saleinvestorsoverviewnewsevents and presentationsstock infostock charthistorical stock quoteinvestment calculatoranalyst coveragefinancialsquarterly resultssec filingsgovernancegovernance documentsexecutive managementboard of directorscommittee compositionresourcesinvestor faqsinformation request forminvestor email alertsclient login 









 


















 






 








 









 





play demo 
							

t1, the terminator, endoskeleton, and any depiction of endoskeleton are trademarks of studiocanal s.a.s. all rights reserved.
© 2023 studiocanal s.a.s. ® all right reserved.
the terminator © 1984 metro-goldwyn-mayer studios inc.all rights reserved.
courtesy of mgm media licensing.   
							


 














 






 




homepagejordan2024-01-30t11:49:27+00:00 
gamingvirtual sportsinteractiveleisurefind out morefind out morefind out morefind out moregaminginspired is a large gaming provider with more than 50,000 machines located in betting shops, pubs, gaming halls and other route operations. the products provide a winning combination of innovative technology, hardware, content and services.
find out morevirtual sportsinspired is the creator and best-in-class for award-winning virtual sports. live in more than 32,000 retail channels, 100+ websites and 35 countries. our virtual products are extremely popular worldwide, where they appeal to a wide variety of players and create new opportunities for lottery, gaming, and sports betting operators to grow their revenue.
find out moreinteractiveinspired’s proven interactive slots are currently some of the highest-performing content on more than 170 top-tier websites. a diverse portfolio of high-performing html5 games, built in house, offers both online and mobile players vibrant graphics and 3d animations mixed with high-quality game play. our games include branded content, well known omnichannel slots, casino titles, leading table and number games, scratch cards, and a suite of unique virtuals games.
find out moreleisureinspired is the uk’s leading provider of turnkey and end-to-end management solutions to the pub, family entertainment, motorway services and bingo sectors, offering a comprehensive range of gaming and non-gaming machines and service options tailored to suit each customer’s requirements.
find out moregaminginspired is a large gaming provider with more than 50,000 machines located in betting shops, pubs, gaming halls and other route operations. the products provide a winning combination of innovative technology, hardware, content and services.
find out morevirtual sportsinspired is the creator and best-in-class for award winning virtual sports. live in more than 32,000 retail channels, 100+ websites and 35 countries. our virtual products are extremely popular worldwide, where they appeal to a wide variety of players and create new opportunities for lottery, gaming, and sports betting operators to grow their revenue.
find out moreinteractiveinspired’s proven interactive slots are currently some of the highest-performing content on more than 170 top-tier websites. a diverse portfolio of high-performing html5 games, built in house, offers both online and mobile players vibrant graphics and 3d animations mixed with high-quality game play. our games include branded content, well known omnichannel slots, casino titles, leading table and number games, scratch cards, and a suite of unique virtuals games.
find out moreleisureinspired is the uk’s leading provider of turnkey and end-to-end management solutions to the pub, family entertainment, motorway services and bingo sectors, offering a comprehensive range of gaming and non-gaming machines and service options tailored to suit each customer’s requirements.
find out morelatest news





















inspired launches 20p boost roulette™, the latest addition to its...

anemptytextlline

inspired launches 20p boost roulette™, the latest addition to its popular 20p roulette™ franchisefebruary 17,2025 - inspired entertainment, inc. (“inspired” or the “company”) (nasdaq: inse), a leading b2b provider of...

read more
 









inspired entertainment announces long-term contract extension with moto hospitality

anemptytextlline

inspired entertainment announces long-term contract extension with moto hospitalityinspired entertainment, inc. (“inspired” or the “company”) (nasdaq: inse), a leading provider of gaming content, systems, and solutions, is excited to announce...

read more
 









inspired unveils new, hybrid dealer game, hardware, content, mechanics and...

anemptytextlline

inspired unveils new, hybrid dealer game, hardware, content, mechanics and licensed products at ice 2025 in barcelonanew york, jan. 20, 2025 (globe newswire) -- inspired entertainment, inc. (“inspired” or the...

read more
 










 
 





 
office locator

email: inspiredsales@inseinc.com

telephone: +44 (0) 128 351 2777

modern slavery act | standard terms of purchase | standard t&c of sale | responsible gambling | play card | inspired entertainment, inc privacy notice | tax strategy | cookie policy | anti-corruption and bribery policy | code of ethics |

during covid-19: covid-19 safe working policy

 

 
 
 





		© copyright 2023 | inspired entertainment, inc.

inspired gaming (uk)  limited, registered in england and wales, company number 03565640.
registered office: first floor,107 station street, burton upon trent, staffordshire, de14 1sz.
 
inspired gaming (uk) limited is licenced and regulated by the malta gaming authority (mga) under recognition notice rn/106/2019 issued 17th january 2019 for type 1 gaming supply https://www.mga.org.mt/recognition-notice/

inspired gaming (uk) limited is licensed and regulated in great britain by the gambling commission under account number 1090

https://registers.gamblingcommission.gov.uk/1090

inspired entertainment (malta) limited is licenced and regulated by the malta gaming authority (mga) under critical gaming supply licence mga/b2b/724/2020 issued 15th january 2021 for type 1 gaming supply

https://www.authorisation.mga.org.mt/verification.aspx?company=f5c028f4-759e-4e72-87bd-bb6102f8ac4e

statement on modern day slavery and human trafficking this anti-slavery/anti-human trafficking statement (this “statement”) is made pursuant to section 54, part 6 of the modern slavery act 2015 (the “act”) and has been adopted by inspired entertainment inc. and all its subsidiaries ("inspired") as our statement on modern day slavery and human trafficking for the financial year ending 31st december 2022. this statement sets out the steps taken by us to prevent the occurrence of modern-day slavery and/or human trafficking in our business or in any of our supply chains.	

 
 
 
 
 
 
page load link









we are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website.you can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in settings.


accept
reject

 













































close gdpr cookie settings






 


privacy overview




strictly necessary cookies




3rd party cookies




cookie policy




powered by  gdpr cookie compliance

 








privacy overview

this website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.





strictly necessary cookies

strictly necessary cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.




enable or disable cookies










if you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. this means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.







3rd party cookies

this website uses google analytics to collect anonymous information such as the number of visitors to the site, and the most popular pages.
keeping this cookie enabled helps us to improve our website.




enable or disable cookies










please enable strictly necessary cookies first so that we can save your preferences!







cookie policy

more information about our cookie policy









enable all
reject all
save settings

 













go to top




