

 







home page - chalmers & kubeck independently owned industrial service providers








































































skip to content










 




 




 
















 














       login



























chalmers & kubeck  














 
products exclusive products consolidated ® masoneilan ® limitorque ® clark-reliance® zook ® ametek / us gauge ® gestra ® greene tweed velan engineered solutions control valve solutions severe service applications networked actuationservices cnc manufacturing valves, actuators, and industrial products factory authorized sales and service machining & maintenance hydro power generation   thermal spray & grinding field machining services laser metrology gear division borescope services mov torque testing stand engineered pumps nuclear welding & fabrication 5-axis waterjetindustries air separation/hydrogen aluminum & steel biotech and pharmaceutical companies chemical and petrochemical refining concrete marine plastics ports and terminals power — conventional, hydro, natural gas, and nuclear pulp and paper rubberresources c&k blog explore our video collection document library valvkeep about valvkeep vk viewer sign up vk viewer logincompany info about c&k certifications and stamps job listings c&k management locations contact us








 
















meet chalmers & kubeck








one of the largest independently owned industrial service providers













learn more




contact us























our vision statement


"we will be the leading provider of quality and innovative industrial repair and maintenance solutions for the u.s. market while ensuring corporate integrity, employee safety, and customer satisfaction" 




















what we offer


at chalmers & kubeck, we do it all. our multi-shift operation and vast selection of in-house services and capabilities allows us to respond to customer outages faster than anybody else. we understand the financial impact that a maintenance emergency has on your bottom line and we make it our mission to get your facility back up and running in the fastest most efficient way possible. c&k is a valued service provider to many oems and we’re their first call during forced outages and critical path projects. they trust and depend upon us - you should too! 













 




industrial manufacturing, maintenance & repair solutions 
whether you need an official flender service partner, nuclear repair services, high precision cnc machining, or thermal spray coatings – c&k is your one-stop industrial manufacturing and repair facility. at chalmers & kubeck, we take pride in everything we do and strive to go-the-extra-mile each and every time.
 
 











 




process, safety & flow control solutions 
no matter what type of process, safety or flow control solution you need, we can handle it; line valves, relief valves, safety valves, rupture disks, control valve trim, hydro testing, steam testing, electronic valve testing (evt), composite bearings, chemraz® o-rings, engineered seals, gauge glass, sight flow indicators, level switches, level indicators, and valve actuators.
 
 











 




digital asset management solutions 
chalmers & kubeck utilizes valvkeep® as the exclusive data management tool in our green tag® service centers. it is the best online valve asset management system for compliance, traceability, and outage planning! this unique system will track your valves from cradle to grave and help you identify recurring maintenance issues and problems. 
 
 



















why partner with us?






headquartered in aston, pa, our 150,000 square foot iso and nuclear certified state of the art facility is expansive. we have 50 ton crane capacity, large machine tools, flexible shift hours, and capabilities to solve any problem or critical path issue you may have.
c&k is proud to have been selected from the best names in the industry to represent their products such as consolidated safety valves, masonielan control valve solutions, limitorque actuation, clark reliance instrumentation, green tweed products and zook rupture disks. these manufacturers trust us to represent them and to provide engineering and maintenance services to support their products. let our factory authorized and trained technicians show you how we can increase your uptime and improve your bottom line through dependable reliable solutions.







learn more about us












































your trusted industry leader






you need an industrial manufacturing, maintenance and repair center with the reputation for quality, dedication to customer success and a willingness to always go the extra mile. at chalmers & kubeck, we have the efficient solutions and expert staff to solve any problem and meet any need.







contact us




















what sets c&k apart?












				quality programs & certifications				
				11 convenient locations				
				unparalleled in-house services				
				fast response times				
				impressive machining & lifting capability				
				quality industrial product sales				
				extensive inventory				




quality programs & certifications


 iso 9001:2015 registered, niac and nupic audited 10cfr50 appendix b nuclear quality program, nr certificate of authorization, national board repair "r" and "vr", asme - "u", "v", "uv", & "pp". quality is not optional or negotiable - it is our foundation and starts with each of our dedicated and talented employees.




11 convenient locations


 in addition to our flagship service center in the philadelphia metropolitan area, our other 11 world-class facilities are strategically located across the eastern half of the united states to provide you with expert service that is fast and efficient.  all twelve of our locations are limitorque blue ribbon authorized service centers, ten are consolidated(r) green tag service centers, and three are masoneilan authorized repair centers (marc).




unparalleled in-house services


 c&k maintains control of quality and schedule drivers by utilizing our own in-house services including coatings, welding and fabrication, precision machining and grinding, mechanical assembly, and testing.




fast response times


 at our headquarters, we have 230 highly skilled employees who work two dedicated shifts. c&k offers 24/7 emergency repair services including pick-up and drop-off of equipment to ensure we get your facility back up and running in the fastest most efficient way possible.




impressive machining & lifting capability


 we have over 130 machine tools, 22 overhead cranes, and ample floor space for large orders. with a 50 ton overhead crane capacity and some of the largest machine tools you’ll ever see, we are well equipped for any project. from our state of the art hoffler 2000 gear grinder to 30’ long lathes, a 30’ long horizontal mill and a 32’ diameter vertical turning center we are talking some seriously large equipment and have the skills to get the job done.




quality industrial product sales


 we just don’t sell anything - we sell the best-engineered and most robust solutions available. c&k proudly stands behind those products and supports them through excellent in-house and on-site expertise throughout the product lifecycle. we understand that a solution without support is not a good solution. we are interested in long term relationships, not just the quick sell, which is why we sell the best products and solutions.




extensive inventory


 our inventory of approximately $15m is tailored to support the installed base of our customers so we can quickly provide them with best in class service and support.
consolidated relief and consolidated safety valves – bop premier commercial stocking distributor
limitorque actuators – bop master distributor mx, qx, l120, sma, smb, smc
clark reliance – safety ball check valves, gauge glass, illuminators, float switches, eye-hye remote boiler level indication systems
greene tweed sealing solutions – regional distributor for chemraz®, xyflour®, fluoraz®, avalon®, and fusion™
greene tweed composite wear & abrasion solutions – regional distributor for wr® 300, wr® 525, wr® 575, wr® 650, ar® 1, and ar® ht
flender – critical spares program
























some of our amazing work 
scroll through for images of some of the awesome projects we have done in the past. with decades of work across multiple industries, we have had to chance to do a thing or two.



see full gallery


 
 























































100,000+ 
valves & actuators serviced
 
 











238,430 
field service hours
 
 











5827 
satisfied customers
 
 











400+ 
satisfied employees
 
 











13 
locations in the us
 
 




























ready to get started?






our team is on standby to help you with your industrial manufacturing, maintenance and repair needs as well as your process, safety and flow control needs. contact us today, and we'lll get started.







contact us






















chalmers & kubeck blog



check out some of the latest posts from our blog.














common control valve problems

control valves are used in a wide range of industrial applications. they regulate the flow of fluids, enabling systems to…



 july 10, 2024










the importance of routine borescope inspections

borescope inspections are a key part of any preventive maintenance program. in this testimonial, one satisfied customer shares his view…



 april 21, 2021










c&k south-official gestra usa partner, southeast region

gestra north america is very pleased to announce chalmers & kubeck south as the new distribution partner of gestra usa…



 february 28, 2019










partnership announcement: c&k and ametek u.s. gauge

chalmers & kubeck south is excited to announce our newest manufacturing partner, ametek u.s gauge. this relationship includes the us…



 december 9, 2018













 
























 
grab a copy of our full line card
 
 













c&k south line card.








hydro statement of qualification











c&k north line card








c&k corporate brochure











c&k corporate line card























sign up for our newsletter
get the latest insights with expert advice, industry updates, and solutions to keep you operations running smoothly.









full name*email*

captcha
  



































contact corporate













 





 
150 commerce dr, aston pa 19014
 
 












 





 
main phone: 610-494-4300
 
 












 





 
main fax: 610-485-1484
 
 












 





 
valve phone: 610-494-7030
 
 












 





 
info@candk.com
 
 










contact north













 





 
24-34 elise street, westfield ma 01085
 
 












 





 
main phone: 413-568-2461
 
 












 





 
main fax: 413-568-2461 
 
 












 





 
info@candk.com
 
 










contact south













 





 
1050 industrial blvd, watkinsville ga 30677
 
 












 





 
main phone: 706-769-6660 
 
 












 





 
main fax:  706-769-1150 
 
 












 





 
social@candksouth.com
 
 










contact corporate













 





 
site map
 
 












 





 
corporate email
 
 












 





 
c&k south webmail
 
 












 





 
employee tools
 
 



















© 2025 chalmers & kubeck. all rights reserved.









 




 




 











back to top










 


















