







the original pancake house




skip content




home
find a restaurant
what are pancakes?
contact
sitemap








specialties
pancakes
fruit & juices
cereals
side dishes
beverages
waffles
crepes
meats
egg specialties
omelettes





find a location by state
click here to download a list of locations and hours of operation in the united states
click here to download a list of locations in asia

the original pancake house was founded in portland, oregon in
                    1953 by les highet and erma hueneke. drawing upon their many years of experience in the culinary field, and their extensive working
                    knowledge of authentic national and ethnic pancake recipes they were able to offer without compromise this unique and original menu
                    which has gained national acclaim. the original pancake house is a second and third generation family business, which takes great
                    pride in maintaining the high standards that make our food so outstanding. we now have over one hundred franchises from coast to
                    coast, which have won local and national acclaim. our recipes demand only the very finest of ingredients, such as 93 score butter,
                    pure 36% whipping cream, fresh grade aa eggs, hard wheat unbleached flour, and our own recipe sourdough starter. our batters and
                    sauces are made fresh in each restaurant’s kitchen.
our signature items include the apple pancake, a single large pancake smothered with sautã©ed apples and cinnamon sugar baked to perfection, to create a deliciously rich cinnamon sugar glaze.

another signature item is the dutch baby, an air filled delight oven baked to golden perfection and served with lemon, whipped butter
                    and powdered sugar to create a mouthwatering blend.

our unique omelets, including the mushroom omelet topped with homemade rich mushroom sherry sauce, are rolled in a skillet and then
                    oven baked to give you a splendidly light, moist delicacy. our gourmet crepes include the cherry kijafa crepe, a blend of tart
                    cherries and sweet danish cherry wine. our continental crepe is rolled with sour cream tempered with orange liqueur and served with
                    our famous tropical syrup, made from a delectable blend of citrus fruits. we often feature the finest fresh fruits of the season. our
                    signature coffee is specially blended, roasted and ground for the original pancake house to complement your meal.
it is our constant objective to serve you the finest pancakes available, and to give you pleasant and courteous service. our menu items
                    are delicious at anytime. thank you for
                    visiting our website and we look forward to seeing you at the original pancake houses.







