
















home | wyant college of optical sciences
















      skip to main content
    
















search

search






 
 


 search 
 search 


 menu 
 menu 


















utility links


full directory


college administration


calendar


highlights


visit


contact us











i am 

select your audience

choose an option
a faculty member
a staff member
a current student
a prospective student
an alumni or donor
an industrial affiliates member



                go
                 to the page for that group









 



give
 










 
 







 home 
 home 


 close 
 close 






search

search








main navigation


our college

diversity, equity & inclusion
full directory
what is optical sciences?
our leadership
strategic advisory board
faculty webpages
our history
endowed chairs
principals of opticks - a donor society
staff sections



prospective students

why optics?
apply
academic programs staff
tuition and fees
scholarships
outreach
undergraduate
graduate programs
arizonaonline/distance learning
newly admitted grad students
virtual tours & talks
grad faqs



osc students

health, wellness and more
advising
courses
graduate student resources
undergraduate resources
scholarships & funding
student clubs & societies
optics ambassadors
grading & attendance policies
internships & jobs
lab safety training



research

research specialties
research facilities
outreach
technologies
research support
contracts and grants



events

calendar
colloquium series
community activities & outreach
optical sciences winter school
practical optics workshop
greivenkamp museum of optics
photos
visit us



industrial affiliates

our affiliates
ia partner resources
prospective members



alumni

connect with opsci
alumni
giving
























home










 




pause video
play video






      interested in optics?   













the university of arizona wyant college of optical sciences is one of the premier educational and research institutions in optics and photonics worldwide. we focus on educating outstanding students with a broad foundation in all areas of optics and on providing practical experience and highly competitive technical skills. our research program spans from optical engineering to fundamental optical physics, from photonics to image science, and provides unique opportunities to pursue cutting-edge applications of optics in real systems. our graduates become professors, scientists, engineers and entrepreneurs, working in academia, industry, government and business around the globe.






 







image science





see what's new in image science









optical engineering





see what's new in optical engineering









optical physics





see what's new in optical physics









photonics





see what's new in photonics












upcoming events






 













all day, feb. 17 – 19, 2025



industrial affiliates meeting, spring 2025














6 – 7:30 p.m., today



kla information session















5 – 6 p.m., feb. 20, 2025






osc graduate program virtual office hours










view all events on the calendar













upcoming colloquium






 













3:30 – 5 p.m., feb. 27, 2025



osc colloquium: yeran bai, "mid-infrared photothermal microscopy for high-resolution biomedical research"














3:30 – 5 p.m., march 6, 2025



osc colloquium: harald giessen














3:30 – 5 p.m., march 20, 2025



osc colloquium: mark raizen










view all events on the calendar













latest news






 













image
 





wyant college of optical sciences welcomes ember deitz goldstein, development director


feb. 12, 2025


we are excited to welcome ember deitz goldstein as the new director of development at the wyant college of optical sciences! ember brings a wealth of experience in university fundraising, having held leadership roles at oberlin college, boston university, and harvard, as well as columbia university, where she also earned her mba. read more about her background and experience. please join us in welcoming ember to the wyant college of optical sciences! feel free to reach out and introduce yourself—ember looks forward to connecting with the college community!  find ember in meinel 721 or reach her at embergoldstein@arizona.edu or 520-626-8754.




    read more
  














image
 





daewook kim and xiushan zhu elected as 2025 optica fellows


feb. 10, 2025


congratulations to daewook kim, associate professor of optical sciences, and xiushan zhu, research professor of optical sciences, who were elected as 2025 fellow members of optica. fellow membership in optica is limited to no more than ten percent of the membership and is reserved for members who have served with distinction in the advancement of optics and photonics. 




    read more
  














image
 





arizona photonics days at gcrb


jan. 30, 2025


arizona photonics days continues to be a standout event, and this year was no exception. the wyant college of optical sciences was honored to participate on the final day, hosted at the grand challenges research building. dean and professor tom koch delivered an insightful talk and was honored with a special recognition for his outstanding contributions to the optics valley community. his leadership continues to inspire growth in our field. a big thank you to all those who took part in the tours of the richard f. caris mirror lab and the gcrb. these tours provided an incredible behind-the-scenes look at the groundbreaking work happening in optics and photonics, sparking rich discussions and new ideas among attendees.




    read more
  










read all news



































footer - social media


facebook


instagram


x


youtube














news


newsletter archive


press releases




faculty & staff


staff directory


staff resources


forms, files & resources


staff recognition


building requests




connect


contact us


visit us


subscribe to our newsletter




employment


jobs with industrial affiliates members


your career in optics


wyant college opportunities









we respectfully acknowledge the university of arizona is on the land and territories of indigenous peoples. today, arizona is home to 22 federally recognized tribes, with tucson being home to the o’odham and the yaqui. committed to diversity and inclusion, the university strives to build sustainable relationships with sovereign native nations and indigenous communities through education offerings, partnerships, and community service.
university information security and privacy
© 2025 the arizona board of regents on behalf of the university of arizona.














