





	center for childhood professional development (cecpd) > home














































 https://cecpd.org/ parent page: home id: -1 active page: homeid:29549 







 





search














 menu 



                            about
                        

contact information location




                            training
                        

course information conference calendar cpr and first aid training family child care home leadership academy focused portfolios food service training leadership academy leadership academy ii safe sleep training training record request video lending library




                            provider programs
                        

cda/ccp advising master teacher mental health consultation 
oklahoma professional development registry (opdr)

on-site technical assistance consultant program administration scale primary caregiver (fcch) certificate of achievement and stipend program


coaching


                            trainer info
                        


approved educator requirements

approved training organizations




                            additional resources
                        

accreditation organizations background investigations and fingerprinting elqa licensing requirements ok dhs ccs videos 
qris

helpful links reports
























 
center for early childhood
professional development
the center for early childhood professional development at the university of oklahoma outreach provides a wide variety of high quality training for childcare workers, administrators, and facility owners. our mission is to support the professionals in the field of early care and education 
to enhance quality interactions with children.


































we are hiring
 

oklahoma registry project lead - job number 250195

pas/bas assessor (professional development approval system) - job number 250180













new certificate of achievement and stipend
cecpd has a new certificate of achievement and stipend! approaches to managing challenging behavior is now available. increase the overall outcomes experienced by children in child care. need some training? click here to see what is available. use the left navigation and in the certificate of achievement and stipend box use the pulldown and select "approaches to managing challenging behavior". scroll down and click on "search".
family child care home providers and center directors
did you know there is a certificate of achievement and stipend focused on best business practices? don't let the title deceive you, better business in family care will help you develop a solid business framework. click here to see what is available. use the left navigation and in the certificate of achievement and stipend box use the pulldown and select "better business in family care". scroll down and click on "search".
 
entry level child care training (elcct)  
now available in spanish.
20 clock hours – el cuidado de los niños pequeños fuera de su propio hogar es un servicio fundamental para nuestra sociedad. el cuidado infantil de calidad es extremadamente importante. investigaciones recientes encontraron que los niños que asisten a programas de cuidado infantil de alta calidad tienen un desarrollo positivo, mientras que los niños que asisten a programas de mala calidad resultan con efectos negativos. la necesidad de profesionales de cuidado infantil que puedan brindar atención de calidad y estimular el aprendizaje temprano aumenta a medida que más y más padres trabajan fuera del hogar. cecpdonline.org
the stars program - stars inquiry
who:  any owner/director or primary caregiver who wishes to apply for the stars program. 
what: opportunity to receive information to complete the application and request for certification process. 
where: virtually:  want to know more? click on this link,
questions: please email stars at qris@okdhs.org
 








free training
did you know that cecpd offers a free course every month? 

check the oklahoma registry training calendar for the following courses:           




january 2025


february 2025




safe sleep. 3 formal clock hours, available in classroom and online.
	

hope in the classroom. 3 formal clock hours online, 6 formal hours in the classroom, available in classroom and online.
		



pyramid training - focus on social and emotional learning in infant toddlers, preschool, and birth to five. available online only. clock hours vary by topic. visit prosolutionstraining for more details. 
	
pyramid training - focus on social and emotional learning in infant toddlers, preschool, and birth to five. available online only. clock hours vary by topic. visit prosolutionstraining for more details. 
	


pyramid training spanish- focus on social and emotional learning in birth to five. available online only. clock hours vary by topic. visit prosolutionstraining for more details. 
	
pyramid training spanish- focus on social and emotional learning in birth to five. available online only. clock hours vary by topic. visit prosolutionstraining for more details. 
	


pyramid training español- enfoque en el aprendizaje social y emocional en birth to five. disponible sólo en línea. las horas reloj varían según el tema. visita prosolutionstraining para más detalles.

pyramid training español- enfoque en el aprendizaje social y emocional en birth to five. disponible sólo en línea. las horas reloj varían según el tema. visita prosolutionstraining para más detalles.




     
































pyramid module training
the pyramid model is a conceptual framework of evidence-based practices for promoting young children's healthy social emotional development.

now available in spanish!

visit the opdr











director's chair
are you a facility director and need help? we have numerous resources to help get you started!


visit director's chair









early learning guidelines
be sure to check the list of qualified elg training. use keyword: elg when searching for current elg training offerings.

locate elg training












































reflecting oklahoma's commitment to high quality early care and education by providing professional development that produces results.
























holiday schedule 
cecpd will be closed for the following:
martin luther king jr. day | january 20, 2025 
memorial day | may 26, 2025
juneteenth | june 19, 2025
independence day | july 4, 2025
labor day | september 1, 2025
thanksgiving | november 27, 28, 2025
winter break | december 24, 25, 26, 29, 30, 31, 2025 and january 1, 2026











child care services
stay informed
want to stay informed on the latest information from dhs? the oklahoma department of humans services (ok dhs) offers a newsletter to keep you up to date on all of the latest.
	
sign up now











questions?

faq for professional development ladder 
faq for oklahoma director's credential
faq for certificates and stipends

 
	








































































































































cecpd
	1801 n. moore ave. 
	moore, ok 73160
	toll free: 888-446-7608
	local: 405-799-6383
	fax: 405-799-7634
	email: cecpd@ou.edu








accessibility
sustainability
hipaa
ou job search
policies






accreditation
legal notices
copyright
resources & offices
ou report it!






















               built by ou it web services






ou home




search ou




ou social media directory

















login








































