








rat fan club


















menu








 
copyright notice
you can reprint any information
  (excluding photos and artwork) on this site as long as you give proper credit
  to the author of the article and to the rat fan club. all the images on this
  website are the sole property of their creator and are protected by
  copy-right. you may not use any image from this website without specific
  written permission.
 
notice
the rat fan club is not
  registered as a non-profit organization so donations are not tax-deductible,
  but you are still welcome to send donations to help support the education of
  rat owners, the rescue of rats, and research into the best treatments for rat
  diseases. thanks for your support!  
  if you would rather donate to a non-profit organization, you can
  donate to our sister organization, the rat assistance & teaching society
  (rats) at www.petrats.org  the goal of rats is to educate pet
  care professionals about the proper care and treatment of pet rats.








 


the rat fan club
 



debbie ducommun,
    the ratlady, unexpectedly died on march 4, 2018. her husband, larry (with
    the help of many other people) will continue the work of rat fan club and
    rats in her memory. they love and cared for her, and debbie's passion, merchandise, and
    information about pet rats will continue to be available. 
click
    here for rats, our non-profit sister organization, the rat assistance &
    teaching society.
to raise funds for rats
    for free, sign up here http://www.igive.com/rats
 
for a brochure
    called are your pet rats all they could be? click here



the rat fan club, founded in 1992, focuses on rats as companion
    animals. our goal is to share our love of rats, promote them as companion animals,
    and spread information about their proper care.  membership in the rat fan club is
    free!  to join the rat fan club
    just join our facebook
    group.  click on the
    “online forum” button at left. (for more on the history of the
    rat fan club, click the meet the ratlady button
    at left.) click here to see
    the tv shows that debbie has appeared on.



attention pet retailers and veterinary hospitals!  see the info at
    the bottom of the page.



you can save money on prescriptions at the website
    goodrx.com
 
you can now get major
    medical health insurance for your rats!  their website is www.petinsurance.com but you will
    need to call 888-899-4874 to get a quote on “exotic” animals.



rat care info  
(you can also find info at www.ratguide.com)
 
we highly recommend that you order debbie’s rat
    health care booklet. if it saves you just one visit to the vet, it will
    more than pay for itself. order one today! check out the info at rat books 
emergency care
rat first aid  (including respiratory distress)
problems with birth,
    nursing or infants
raising orphan rats 
poisonous plants
bloating & megacolon
finding & catching
    a lost rat
human health issues
coping with allergies to rats 
rat-bite fever
human blister skin fungus  (includes a photo)
removing wild rats
    from your home
general rat care
an introduction to pet rats
a rat care sheet
cage hygiene 
keeping your rats cool or
    warm
trimming toenails
the toxicity of pine
    and cedar and safe litter products 
respiratory toxicity of cedar and pine wood 
a list of available back issues of the rat
    report 
understanding grief when a
    rat dies 
do rats go to heaven?
other
    info
shipping rats via
    airline
how to say
    “rat” in other languages
how to make a rat
    presentation
behavior
introducing a new rat 
trust training for frightened rats 
the case against single rats
teaching your rat to come
    when called
rat
    behavior in relation to health
diet
diet 
chromium extends life
    span
nutritional requirements of
    rats 
housing
cages & toys 
building plans for a wire cage 
building plans for a cement mixing tray cage 
building plans for round cages  
breeding
rat reproduction 
breeding ethics 
choosing a rat breeder 
a list of rat breeders 
rat health care
breathing problems
respiratory & heart disease in rats  with links to pages with photos
treating rats with a nebulizer
heart measurement statistics
skin problems
skin problems and hair loss (including scabs and
    parasites) 
lumps
abscesses and
    cysts (includes photos)
bumblefoot
tumors 
    (includes photos, and links to other pages of photos)
spaying helps prevent tumors 
tamoxifen to prevent and
    treat tumors 
nitroxoline:
    a possible new treatment for cancer
references showing
    soybean protein helps to prevent mammary tumors
a successful case
    treating cancer with cbc salve
other problems
head tilt (inner ear infection) see article on respiratory disease
    above. 
weak hind legs &
    paraplegia
bloating and megacolon
overgrown teeth  (includes photos)
seizures in rats
diabetes
other information
surgery in rats 
homeopathy for surgery
giving medications: see article on respiratory disease above. 
taking blood for a
    blood test
standard blood and
    urinalysis values
euthanasia
how to do a rat autopsy  (includes photos)
veterinarians
vet referral list—western
     u.s. & other countries 
vet referral list—midwest
    & eastern u.s.
how to find a good rat vet 
if you have a question that hasn’t been answered somewhere on this
    site or in the rat health care booklet or book rats, try the rat
    fan club facebook group. 
you can also send your question to one of the following addresses
    (please note that these groups are not affiliated with the rat fan club in
    any way):
    for general questions: ratinfo@yahoogroups.com
    for health questions: rathelp@yahoogroups.com
    or you can ask general questions on our online forum. (see button above.)
if you have a rat medical emergency, check the section on first aid
    above. if you still need help, try the rat fan club facebook group.



attention pet
    retailers and veterinary hospitals! 
    
we have a brochure about rats designed to be given out
    at pet shops, veterinary hospitals, etc. the tri-fold brochure includes
    information on why rats make good pets, tips to help purchasers decide if
    rats are the right pets for them and what supplies and accessories need to
    be purchased when getting pet rats. it also includes information about the
    rat fan club and publications written by the club’s founder, debbie
    “the rat lady” ducommun. the brochure
    includes debbie’s phone number and website address which rat owners
    can contact for advice. 
you can see and print out a pdf of the
    brochure here.
    brochures will also be sent free to any retailer or hospital who requests
    them.  please indicate if you
    would also like a sturdy plastic brochure holder featuring a bright yellow
    sticker of the club’s logo. a single brochure can also be requested
    for review. call the club at (530) 899-0605 or send an email to ratlady@ratfanclub.org to request brochures. 
we also wholesale the rat health care booklet, which is an
    inexpensive guide to rat medical care. please contact us for more
    information about selling this booklet in your store or hospital! 




 


the rat fan club 857
    lindo lane chico, ca 95973 




 
copyright 1999-2018



 



