



	hydroponic systems, grow lights, and more at gtg hydroponics













 








my account | contact us



 


 










 









 




	
				shop all categories
			




 
















containers,soil,rockwwol,perlite & other growing m


co2, fan's & ducting, other oder control


drip irrigation


hydroponics garden's 


cloning & seedling, supplies & system's


nutrients & supplements 


pest & disease control


tent's, pump's, air stones, heater's


books 


everything lighting 


ph, tds, ppm, ec, cf, npk 


garden tools and cleaners


* * sale & specials * *





harvest equipment






 



your plants need to eat too!
						formula x is the next generation of hydroponic fertilizer, find out for yourself!
					


 



						based in underhill, vermont, gtg hydroponics provides all the garden supplies that you need to grow healthy, bountiful plants anywhere, indoor or outdoor. 
						with our metal halide and high pressure sodium grow lights and proper ventilation you can light up almost any area and 
						garden year round. we can show you how to grow your plants by using the latest in hydroponic garden technology, or 100% organically with container 
						gardening methods. grow your own garden under metal halide or high pressure sodium horticultural grow lights and supply yourself with fresh, pesticide free produce year round.
					



						we supply a wide variety of high quality indoor and outdoor garden supplies including: 
						hydroponic systems, 
						hydroponics equipment , hydroponics gardening supplies, metal halide and high pressure sodium grow lights, 
						organic and standard fertilizers, 
						advanced climate / co2 control, 
						organic pest control, 
						hydroponics lighting, gardening books, and more. go to our online gardening store to select from our full range of hydroponics supplies, which we ship 
						from vermont to anywhere in the world. either order online via secure forms or call our toll free number (1.800.564.9376) to order 
						your grow lights and supplies and set up your indoor garden today.
					



						we at gtg hydroponics enjoy being able to give advice and remove the mysteries of hydroponics and organic gardening for the general public. 
						we can supply you with the information and materials that you need to start your indoor garden today. check out our frequently asked questions to find answers to 
						your questions about hydroponics, indoor gardening, grow lights, pest control, or post your questions to our hydroponics web forum.
					




						we have dedicated this web site to bringing you the latest information and equipment dealing with indoor gardening, hydroponic 
						gardening, and 100% organic gardening.
						




						visit our showroom and store on the corner of park street and rt. 15 in underhill, vermont.
						we love to show people how to garden anywhere, anytime.
					



















 













dr. thomas' necessary plant energy,    16oz












kind k5 xl 1000 led system 












lec green power luminaires horizontal 4k 120/240v












nextlight veg 8 led





















						© 2000-2025 rick's green thumb gardening, inc. 
					









