






austin jeeps
















jeep inventory


rare parts


decal kits



golden eagle


laredo/
                scrambler sl


renegade/
                scrambler sl




home








original jeep cj7, classic jeep cj for
      sale,jeep cj for sale, jeep cj-5, jeep parts, jeep cj7, used
      jeeps,we restore jeeps,jeep dash bezel, jeep cj-7, jeep
      decals,cj5,cj-7 jeep,used jeeps,jeep brokers, jeep cj advice and
      info, jeep oem shaft mount radio,jeep levi tan, jeep levi blue,
      jeep nutmeg, jeep restorations,jeep decals whitco tops, jeep
      cj7,jeep,golden eagle jeep,jeep nutmeg,jeep decals


  
 


    
            do you remember your first jeep cj?  remember the way
            the factory pleated seats felt on your lower back? 
            remember the feeling of the wind whipping your hair around
            on a nice summer day driving with one foot dangling out the
            door opening?  remember the first time you drove with
            the windshield down?   if so , this site is for
            you.  we sell clean, rust-free jeep cj's from the amc
            years as close to factory original as you will ever
            find.  compare much our stock to original factory
            dealer color brochures and you will see what i mean.




hablamos espanol!
        und auch deutsch! (aber nur wenig)









 

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  



            we specialize in original and restored jeep
        cj-7's, cj-5's, and cj-8 scramblers as well as hard to find
        original replacement cj decal kits, jeep cj oem seats, and a
        growing list of not available anywhere else replacement parts
        like stainless steel t-bolts for rocker panels,  dash bezel
        overlays, textured hard door decals, jeep cj levi seats, jeep cj
        laredo seat, oem spec radios for original dashes for jeep
        cj's.  we always have a good, reasonably priced inventory
        of clean, original, correctly redone jeep cj's (and a few
        wrangler and misc trade-ins) as well as original golden eagle,
        renegade, laredo, and scrambler, and some fsj decal kits to
        complete your amc era restoration project.  feel free to
        look around the website and click on the links below to see what
        we have to offer.  if you have any suggestions, comments,
        or questions, e-mail me at the address listed at the bottom of
        the page, or call one of the phone numbers listed below. 
        long live the amc era jeeps.







sell us your restorable
                original jeep cj!
send








                                      an e-mail with photos and details
                                      for a cash offer


e-mail: thunter@fastmail.com
        for more info


 
512-797-1664 mobile
            or toll free
            1-800-316-5337









 


paying cash for your used jeep cj-5,7,8 or
        wrangler, any condition but rusted.


            call us about austinjeeps doing your jeep cj restoration
            project if you like our work
we also buy jeep parts inventories and tops!
if you have comments or suggestions, email me
        at thunter@fastmail.com

jeep is a registered trademark of the chrysler group llc.






this website and all its contents are the
      property of mike jewell; copyright 1998-2024 by mike jewell.
       all rights reserved.  unauthorized duplication is a
      violation of applicable laws. this website was created by mike
      jewell and edited in 2022 by h. jewell



