world of darkness - paradox interactiveskip to contentcurrent page: aboutdiscover world of darknessproductscommunitybusinessnewsmonth of darkness0 visit dark, immersive placesexplore our games visit dark, immersive placesexplore our gameslatest news2024-12-17world of darkness - holiday gift guideit’s that time of year to get something special for your kindred, perhaps a gift for your sire or childe? let us help you with this official world of darkness gift guide.2024-03-09vampire: the masquerade - gehenna war and crimson gutter now availableexplore action-packed chronicles and horrors of the elders with gehenna war and play with a new beginner-friendly starter chronicle!2024-01-09 werewolf: the apocalypse - shattered nation and scent of decay out nowexpand werewolf: the apocalypse - 5th edition experience with a new sourcebook and jump into play with a dedicated chronicle book!vampire: the masqueradea storytelling game of personal and political horroras a vampire, struggle for survival, supremacy, and your own fading humanity. suffer the pangs of hunger, while navigating undead politics and avoiding deadly hunters. fifth edition is a return to vampire's original vision, moving boldly into the 21st century. learn morewerewolf: the apocalypsea storytelling game of environmental and spiritual horroras a werewolf, build your legend, vie for renown, and fight to take back what has been lost. join one of eleven tribes, each unique and rich with narrative depth for players to explore, and storytellers to utilize. when will you rage? learn morehunter: the reckoninga storytelling game of desperate measuresyou saw what you shouldn’t have, the veil pulled back from the secret world and the monsters who prowl it. you grasped the extent of their influence and witnessed the corruption of the organizations formed to keep them in check. and you vowed to do something about it. tonight, you act. it’s time for a reckoning.learn moreget inspired with our quizzes, moodboards and free ttrpg materials.learn morestay up to dateworld of darkness newslettersign up to get latest news from world of darkness!email*by subscribing, you agree to receive news and special offers from paradox interactive.subscribe nowjoin usworld of darkness community discordtalk to other community members, discuss latest products and find your new chronicle.official 5th edition wiki everything you need to know to get started with world of darkness.world of darkness tiktokwatch short lore bites and explore quick videos about vampires, werewolves and hunters.paradox logotypeworld of darknessaboutdiscover world of darknessproductscommunitybusinessnewsmonth of darkness© 2025 paradox interactive ab. all trademarks are the property of their respective owners.privacy policy|user agreement