









	florida villas to rent | over 550 florida villa rentals | vr360




































logo



menu 


close 





last minute


blog


contact


advertise


owner's login














luxury villas in orlando minutes from the magic

find your perfect florida rental villa



where do you want to go?




arrive







depart







bedrooms

bedrooms
2 bedrooms
3 bedrooms
4 bedrooms
5 bedrooms
6 bedrooms
7 bedrooms
8 bedrooms
9+ bedrooms












featured luxury florida villas

the retreat at champions gate



view property


solterra resort



view property


the shire at west haven



view property


highlands reserve



view property







last minute florida vacation villas 

vr360 florida villas blog

highlands reserve florida villas faq's
florida villa holidays 2025 | book your orlando villa for 2025 now
using your uk mobile in florida - money saving tip with payg sim card for £10
happy hour at sunset walk in kissimmee | how to save money in orlando
central florida secure resorts | windsor hills, storey lake & champion gate
how to leave florida villa reviews on vr360
champions gate rental reviews

read all 



florida villa rentals on vr360homes
florida villas to rent for 2025/2026. vr360homes is one of the largest florida villa rental web sites in the uk. built by travellers for travellers, offering some of the best luxury villas in florida to rent.
with over 550 villas in florida to choose from in the orlando, kissimmee, davenport and gulf coast area. we are able to offer florida villa rentals for all budgets and parties, from couples to large family gatherings.
all our villas in orlando are close to disney world, ideally located for your luxury florida rental villa holiday. nearly all our orlando villas and gulf coast villas have private pools, spas and gamesrooms. we also have a large selection of kissimmee villas to rent just off hwy192 and close to all the action.
most of our florida villas to rent have a 360 virtual tour and professional photos. booking your villas in florida direct with the owners not only saves money, but you get the rental you booked. no scary allocation on arrival!
how do i book florida villa rentals?
start by using the large search box at the top of the page. type the community name or area you want to stay in to see suggestions. as you start typing the area or community it should auto suggest available options.
if you don't know which area or community, just leave it blank to search all our florida villa rentals. next enter your dates and number of bedrooms required. again leave this blank to search all of our orlando villas.
on the results page you can narrow down the florida villas for rent selection by clicking on search by area/community located at the bottom of the page. this shows you a list of the locations which you can refine by clicking on your chosen area / community. or just scroll through the results until you see a florida villa you like.
once you have found a rental villa that suits your needs and is available you need to contact the owners direct. to do this just click on the orange send an enquiry button which takes to straight to the contact form. you only need to complete the contact form once and you're details will be copied from one page to the next. making it very quick and easy to contact multiple florida villa owners.
all our florida villa rentals are maintained by local management companies. in addition to ensuring they fully comply with florida state licensing requirements, they are also on hand should you need assistance during your stay.
florida villas for rent by owner
when you see the pharse vrbo this just means that the rentals are advertised directly by the owners. so if you see vrbo florida this means "vacation rentals by owner in florida" which is we have over 500 of!
over 550 villas in florida to rent
vr360 has over 550 of the best florida villas available, all located minutes from disney world. we have everything you need for your dream family holiday. book your 2025 / 2026 orlando villas direct with the owners. no service fee
looking for great last minute florida villas? why not check out our last minute florida deals page via the link above. this offers last minute villas in florida / orlando available within the next 6 weeks.
if there is anything you would like to know about your upcoming stay, then please drop us a line. furthermore, once you’ve had your dream orlando holiday, share your experience with future guests by uploading your photos to the vr360homes facebook page.
vr360homes blog
we have a very useful blog that has hundreds of posts about everything you need to know when visiting florida. we have a list of the best restaurant in orlando, insider tips and theme park news and much more. we are constantly adding to this so please bookmark it and check back on a regular basis. if you are looking for things to do in orlando this is a great place to look for ideas. with a list of free things to do in orlando as well as cheap things to do in orlando.
one of the most frequently asked questions we get asked is can you recommend any restaurants near my orlando villa rental? so far we have put together two great blog posts about this, the first is a list of over 50 kissimmee restaurants along hwy192. the second is a list of champions gate restaurants as this is another busy area with lots of villa communities nearby. these two very detailed blog posts should help during your next florida villa holiday. 
if there is something you would like us to write a post about then please send us an email via the contact page. we will do our best to get this added asap with all the correct information. visit our florida villas blog.









florida villa rentals
                    





gulf coast villas







bradenton  (1)








sarasota (1)







orlando







aviana resort (4)


bahama bay resort & spa (1)


bella vida resort (2)


bridgewater crossing (3)


calabay parc (15)


calabria (5)


clear creek at woodridge (3)


crofton springs at providence (7)


cumbrian lakes (10)


cypress pointe (4)


doral woods (1)


emerald island resort (16)


encantada resort (2)


encore resort at reunion (5)


esprit at polo park (2)


formosa gardens (34)


four corners (1)


glenbrook resort (4)


grand reserve (1)


hamilton reserve (1)


hampton lakes (11)


high grove (1)








highgate legacy park (8)


highlands reserve (66)


indian creek (1)


indian ridge (1)


indian wells (1)


kissimmee (0)


lake berkley resort (8)


laurel estates (1)


lindfields (2)


lindfields reserve (1)


loma linda (1)


marbella south (0)


oak island cove (2)


oak island harbor (1)


orange tree (6)


palms at lake davenport estates (1)


paradise palms resort (4)


paradise woods (1)


reserve at town center (10)


reunion resort (3)


ridgewood lakes (3)


rolling hills (1)








sandhill pointe (1)


sandy ridge (1)


seasons (2)


silver creek (2)


solana resort (6)


solara resort (9)


solterra resort (28)


southern dunes (4)


storey lake resort (12)


sunridge woods (2)


sunset lakes (8)


terra verde resort (2)


the abbey at west haven (5)


the dales at west haven (2)


the enclaves at festival (0)


the estates at legacy park (1)


the hamlet at west haven (2)


the manor at west haven (11)


the retreat at champions gate (20)


the retreat at legacy park (4)


the sanctuary at west haven (9)


the shire at west haven (15)








thousand oaks (2)


tower lake at calabay parc (13)


tuscan hills (9)


tuscan ridge (5)


tuscany (1)


veranda palms (3)


victoria woods at providence (3)


vista cay resort (0)


vizcay (1)


watersong resort (11)


westridge (4)


windsor at westside (7)


windsor cay resort (1)


windsor hills resort (52)


windsor island resort (4)


windsor palms (1)


windward cay (1)


windwood bay (3)































search florida villas



renting a villa in florida



advertise your villa



contact us



blog



owner's login







terms & conditions


privacy policy


contact us


                    © vr360 homes 2025
                













                this website uses cookies to improve the user experience. if you continue to use this site, we'll assume you're okay with this.
            

accept





















