




 


mn bluegrass & old-time music assn - home
  








 





log in


















home


join us


donate













 

 




home



history




board and staff



volunteer for the board of directors







volunteer



key volunteers










events



minnesota bluegrass winter weekend



ww- tickets




ww- stage schedules




winter weekend volunteers




grass seeds academy--jam camp for kids







kickoff jam




minnesota bluegrass august festival



jam camps




volunteer signup




aug fest- campground and activities




festival exhibitors







fall jam



fall jam concerts




fall jam europa room




fall jam old time events & workshops




fall jam workshops




fall jam volunteers







upcoming shows by member bands




jams




promote your event




play a mbotma event







membership



join us




join as a member band




member band directory




members only







donate



give now




ways to donate to mbotma




thank you donors!




tom o'neill lifetime of service award







magazine



minnesota bluegrass magazine




advertising information




sponsor and advertising information




contributor guidelines







resources



instrument lessons
















winter weekend info

august fest info

tickets

winter bluegrass weekend 2025
february 28–march 2, 2025 • crowne plaza hotel, plymouth

grass seeds academy 2025
february 28–march 2, 2025 • crowne plaza hotel, plymouth

mn bluegrass & old-time music association

founded in 1975, the minnesota bluegrass & old-time music association (mbotma) has close to 1000 members and 100 member bands who love bluegrass, old-time string band, and related acoustic music.
our mission is to preserve and promote bluegrass and old-time stringband music in and around the state of minnesota.
we're a non-profit organization, presenting three festivals each year as well as a variety of jam sessions and other special events. we support nearly 100 member bands across the state who play bluegrass, old-time and adjacent acoustic music.join us to become part of this wonderful group of people and help us continue to bring traditional acoustic music to the upper midwest.

become a member

membership in mbotma is a great way to keep up to date on everything in the minnesota bluegrass world and support the organization that brings it all to you!you can also give the gift of bluegrass with a gift membership! click below to learn more!
join today
get emails

give now

donate to mbotma
 
featured mbotma bands






follow us on facebook & instagram













 
if you are interested in performing at a mbotma festival, visit this page to send us your information. inquiries by email may not receive a response.








thank you to these organizations for all they do to support bluegrass and old-time music in minnesota!
“this activity is made possible by the voters of minnesota through grants from the minnesota state arts board and the central mn arts board, thanks to a legislative appropriation from the arts and cultural heritage fund.”
























 


minnesota bluegrass & old-time music association
p.o. box 16408, minneapolis, mn 55416 
info@minnesotabluegrass.org  |  612-216-8624  
 
our mission: to preserve and promote bluegrass and old-time stringband music in and around the state of minnesota.mbotma is a 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization, ein: 36-3336499
 







   
 










powered by wild apricot membership software













