





sunnyland mills – america's bulgur company


























 











skip to content








phone: (559) 233-4983 

request informationour catalogbuyamazon storefrontcustomer login 










  


search for:








about bulgurwelcome to sunnyland millsancient whole grains for modern timesnutritional informationwhat is bulgurmediterranean dietplant-based whole grain bulgurour productsproduct listbuyonly the bestwho uses our productsrecipesrecipe searchbulgur wheat cooking guidefeatured recipesour companyour companyour responsibilitybloghistory of bulgur wheatan ancient whole grainsunnyland mills ownership historynutritional articlesspecialty, diet & nutrition cookbooksbulgur vs brown ricelittle known factscontactrequest information 


search for:








about bulgurwelcome to sunnyland millsancient whole grains for modern timesnutritional informationwhat is bulgurmediterranean dietplant-based whole grain bulgurour productsproduct listbuyonly the bestwho uses our productsrecipesrecipe searchbulgur wheat cooking guidefeatured recipesour companyour companyour responsibilitybloghistory of bulgur wheatan ancient whole grainsunnyland mills ownership historynutritional articlesspecialty, diet & nutrition cookbooksbulgur vs brown ricelittle known factscontactrequest information 










 





 


 





 





welcome to sunnyland mills
producer of quick cooking ancient whole grains. all-natural, non-gmo, premium whole grains. a plant based, high fiber protein. available in 100% certified organic. made in california for almost 90 years.
mediterranean dietplant-based whole grain bulgurwhat is bulgur
bulgur is a quick-cooking form of whole wheat that has been cleaned, parboiled, dried, ground into particles, and sifted into distinct sizes. not to be confused with cracked wheat, bulgur differs in that it has been pre-cooked and is ready to eat with minimal cooking – many of sunnyland mills’ products cook in as little as 9 minutes.
sunnyland mills’ bulgur is made from whole grain and is a nutritious, versatile wheat product with a pleasant, nut-like flavor and an extended shelf-life that allows it to be stored for long periods of time. manufacturers count on us for predictable results, ingredient uniformity and taste consistency, which is why our four distinct grind sizes, as well as whole kernel, provide different textures and cooking properties for a variety of nutritious food applications.
below is a fun visual description of the steps involved in making bulgur wheat.
bulgur can be spelled a variety of ways – bulgar, bulghur, burghul, just to name a few – but no matter how you spell it, sunnyland mills’ product is still the same nutritious, natural food!
product list
all natural, premium whole grains.
read morebuy
buy whole grain bulgur wheat.
read morerequest information
contact us for more information.
read morerecipes
bulgur is a tasty, low-fat ingredient that acts as an ideal addition to every diet due to its nutritional value and versatility. sunnyland mills six bulgur wheat products can be used to create a variety of flavorful recipes.

load more
view all recipesnutritional information
an ancient (whole) grain of truth
bulgur wheat is a natural whole grain food because no chemicals, additives or artificial ingredients are used in processing the product. many of bulgur wheat’s naturally occurring vitamins and minerals, including b vitamins, iron, phosphorus and manganese, permeate the kernel during sunnyland mills’ finely tuned processing thus maintaining more nutritive content than other forms of processed wheat products.
rather than being a specific grain, bulgur is a unique process that creates a quick-cooking form of whole grain that’s been manufactured by sunnyland mills’ exclusive methods. the result is a pleasant, nut-like flavor that is high in fiber and carbohydrate, and low in fat.
the key to success in today’s health-focused market is naturally enhanced nutrition. all of our products are non-gmo and we offer a line of certified organic bulgur.
a per serving nutritional analysis of sunnyland mills’ bulgur wheat from the food safety net services can be found below:

brown bulgur
traditional bulgur
organic bulgur
grano
kamut® khorasan bulgur
pearled wheat
yarma
whole wheat berries

children love the taste of bulgur wheat and it’s a nutritious way to build healthy bodies!




 
 





about us sunnyland mills is a family-owned food processing business located in fresno, california. since 1935, we have been producing premium quality specialty grains for food distributors, manufacturers, and exporters throughout the united states and the world.

 

find out moreproduct list
buy
request information
 

siteabout bulgur
our products
recipes
blog
our company
contact
 

contact phone: (559) 233-4983










 

 
 
 





		copyright © 2024 sunnyland mills, all rights reserved.	



 
 
 
 
 
 
page load link




















 



go to top




