





rutgers gardens – the official botanic garden of rutgers university, located on the rutgers–new brunswick campus.





































 

rutgers gardensthe official botanic garden of rutgers university, located on the rutgers–new brunswick campus. 
about

garden collections
rutgers gardens student farm
helyar woods
history
personnel
rutgers gardens advisory board


visit us

visitor information
photography in rutgers gardens
group tours
cook’s market


get involved

internship programs
become a volunteer
explore with an expert
4-h camp at rutgers gardens


private events
support us

become a member
make a donation
memorial tributes and gifts











search





search rutgers






 rutgers gardens




open tuesday - sunday, 8:00am to 5:00pm
(closed every monday)
visitors are welcome to enjoy the gardens, plant collections, and natural areas year-round with no admission cost. 
your generous support will help rutgers gardens remain a treasured resource for all to enjoy! 
support rutgers gardens
explore our programsvisit usgarden collectionsrutgers gardens student farmprivate events4-h camp at rutgers gardens

quick links


rutgers master gardener program
plant diagnostic lab
soil testing lab
rce pest management office
njaes home, lawn, and garden information




stay connected

	follow us on instagram and sign up for the "friends of rutgers gardens" e-newsletter to get the latest updates on classes, events, and new developments at the gardens. cook's market sends an e-newsletter each week during the market season to let you know which vendors will be appearing that friday and what they're bringing, along with activities and special programs.


follow rutgers gardens on instagram
sign up for the rutgers gardens newsletter




	rutgers gardens office hours are
	mondays through fridays from
	9:00am to 5:00pm.
	

rutgers gardens
rutgers, the state university of new jersey
phone: 848-932-7000
rugardens@sebs.rutgers.edu
gps address
130 log cabin road 
new brunswick nj 08901-8525

mailing address
112 log cabin road 
new brunswick nj 08901


school of environmental and biological sciences
rutgers new jersey agricultural experiment station
executive dean of agriculture and natural resources
rutgers new brunswick
rutgers, the state university of new jersey

rutgers university is an equal access/equal opportunity institution. individuals with disabilities are encouraged to direct suggestions, comments, or complaints concerning any accessibility issues with rutgers web sites to: accessibility@rutgers.edu or complete the report accessibility barrier or provide feedback form.
copyright © 2025 rutgers, the state university of new jersey.
 







