
      armed forces bank | full service military bank
       
 homeskip to main contentskip to footerdownload acrobat reader 5.0 or higher to view .pdf files.  alert: scams are on the rise. fraudsters may send scam text messages that look like it’s from your bank. don’t click on links or share personal details! close search
      armed forces bank | full service military bank
    fdic-insured - backed by the full faith and credit of the u.s. governmentarmed forces bank  320 kansas avenue fort leavenworth , ks 66027close navigation  

personal


spend


compare checking

access investment checking

access rewards checking

access freedom checking 

safe spending account

student checking

recruit checking

refer friends



save


compare savings

savings account

premier money market

certificates of deposit

ira

student savings



connect


mobile banking

online banking

card controls

chat

contact us

locations



bottom-hidden


personal home

personal finances made easy so you can spend your time enjoying what matters most.



side


make a loan or credit card payment

routing #101108319

deposit money

transfer funds

wire transfers

pay bills

credit builder

recruiter resources





business


spend


compare checking

simple business checking

business checking

business interest checking

analyzed business checking



save


compare savings

business savings

business cds

business money market



treasury services


treasury management select

fraud prevention

receivables

payables

liquidity

account management



bottom-hidden


business banking homepage

we offer the tools and expertise to move your business forward.



explore


business loans

manage your business payments

ebusiness banking

homeowners associations





loans


personal loans


access loan

home equity line of credit

cd term loan

credit cards



business loans


line of credit

term loan

sba loans

business credit card



home loans


mortgage refinance

va cash-out refinance

cash-out refinance

interest rate reduction refinancing loan (irrrl)

va loan

fha loan

conventional loan

jumbo loan

hero loan

find a loan advisor

va mortgage calculator



bottom-hidden

side


education

personal debt consolidation

compare mortgages: what is the right home loan for me?

refinance savings

rent vs. buy

all financial calculators





community

login  open accountlogin closemenuclose search  what can we help you find?enter search terms  start site search close search  banking from your phone?download our appswitch to online bankingwelcome backyou can access your accounts here.banking from your phone?scan the code to download our app.loginforgot password?unlock/forgot login idfirst time logindownload our apparmed forces bank free and easy are always better. get a lot of both with access freedom checking.  no minimum balance. no monthly service charge. open an access freedom checking account today!
apply now
learn more 
$25 opening deposit. estatements required.      this is who we are serving those who serve us. you ready? let's do this! military banking is our thing.
our mission and privilege is to serve the men and women who serve our country. we are focused on providing options you need for financial readiness from free checking, early pay, quick access to personal loans, va home loans, credit building and so much more. armed forces bank is dedicated to active and retired military, as well as civilian clients in all 50 states and around the world.       access freedom checking      personal loans     make a loan or credit card payment     credit builder secured credit card     recruit checking     home loans   top ways to save more money.    certificate of deposit  4.05%  apy for 9 months  
certificate of deposit
  
3.95%
  
apy for 12 months
  premier money market  
4.00%
  apy for 6 months  

annual percentage yield (apy). fdic-insured up to the maximum allowed by law.

      debit card controls  turn your debit card on and off  report & replace lost or stolen cards set travel notifications
    chat with mili  got a quick question? mili can help.  what is my balance?what are my most recent transactions?what is my overdraft limit?    safety & security with fdic insurance  extend your fdic insurance beyond the maximum $250,000  with insured cash sweep (ics) and certificate of deposit account registry service (cdars)  
take your bank with you
our mobile banking app helps anytime, anywhere.


deposit checks
transfer funds instantly
check balances
receive important alerts, and more!

learn more  
  
        scan the code to get the app.       "i have been banking with armed forces bank for over 30 years. they greet me by name and always go the extra mile to complete my business efficiently."        "jake scarbo and the mortgage staff were amazing. i highly recommend him to any service member or family looking to buy a home. if you want honesty, professionalism and integrity, look no further."    jpreece    "courteous, professional, knowledgeable staff. good people. "  long-time customer since 1978      
“as our military clients’ unique needs evolve, we are continuously working to stay on the leading edge of providing accessible, convenient and effective service. we consider it an honor to serve active and retired military service members and their families.”
  paul holewinski, ceo      "melanie and her staff are just remarkable...professional and extremely helpful. the entire mortgage process couldn't have gone smoother."  ebailey    sorry, your browser doesn't support embedded videos. please upgrade your browser.we like to give back. our community is different than most.

armed forces bank is a full-service bank founded in 1907 catering to active-duty and retired military, department of defense personnel, veterans, and their families, as well as civilians, in all 50 states and around the world. approximately 75% of our team are affiliated with the military in some way. we express through our own service to you, our appreciation for the uniqueness that comes with the military way of life.
discover more    1,400
organizations supported    $700,000
dollars donated    5,000
community hours given        access freedom checking
free > fees
get more free with access freedom checking
no monthly service charge. no minimum balance. no waiting for payday with early pay. no fee access to 38,000+ atms in the moneypass® network*,  and so much more.
learn more
$25 opening deposit required. estatements required. * moneypass® network atms are within the u.s. only.  resources for our military community.    media  militarily speaking podcasts
hosted by tom mclean and jodi vickery, two armed forces bank executives, who provide wisdom and wit as they conduct in-depth conversations with thought-leaders on key issues affecting the military community.   education  financial education
from how to avoid overdrafts to why good credit is important, security measures to protect yourself from scams & fraud, and so much more, we want to help.  checking  recruit resources
we have a checking account tailored to the unique needs of recruits, additional resources for financial readiness, and a dedicated recruit department.  calculators  va mortgage calculator
get a tailored mortgage rate quote based on your specific situation and the latest mortgage rates. our user-friendly calculator makes it simple.      previous slide  next slide  let armed forces bank serve you.   open account  scroll back to the top

learn


education

blog

media

help center



legal


privacy policy

security

accessibility



about


this is who we are

careers

locations

contact



serving and supporting the military community since 1907.

facebook

instagram

linkedin

blubrry

youtube

©  armed forces bank, n.a. all rights reserved. 

    play animations pause animations 



