


























	la haut resort, st lucia, the caribbean



















la haut resort​

                                            st lucia, the caribbean                                       
                                        






1-758-459-7008
make a reservation



lahaut.resort@gmail.com










click to view menu
                        


home (current)

rooms
                                    

our rooms
rates
(cashew rooms) premium vista rooms  
(cocoa) superior deluxe rooms
(cocoa) superior garden rooms
(copra house) self contained cottage  
two bedroom unit
fond canne units
fond canne units - road side



weddings
                                    

introduction
ceremonies
wedding images


dining
activities
gallery

specials
                                    

specials
honeymoon packages


make a reservation
contact us

























reviews

                            majestic, clean and breath taking.
                            
                            la haut was a fantastic couples getaway for 7 days
                        


read more





our story
la haut is st. lucia's only resort with views of the iconic pitons mountains.


read more





specials

blow out winter sale at la haut resort ,book now and get 25 % discount off all room accommodation for the month of march and april 2022. it is a limited time offer. make a reservation before march 30th, 2022 and save big, over us$300 in savings. see our specials page for further information.


read more












customer reviews






“we think this is the place to stay in st. lucia-we enjoyed 12 nights of bliss”

                                                jackie pelling
                                            


“even though we had the car we wound up eating 4/7 nights at la haut because the restaurant was so nice-terrific food, excellent service, relaxed and beautiful atmosphere”

                                                anon
                                            


“we will enjoy our memories of la haut forever.”


                                                kelsey c.
                                            


“(we) still long to return to your beautiful location and to st. lucia. we really enjoyed every last detail. your hospitality was terrific….”

                                                sue & kevin k.
                                            


“excellent restaurant, excellent food, fabulous views, reasonable prices, delightful owners.”

                                                tricia
                                            


“(we) had a terrific, memorable honeymoon, thanks in no small part to your hospitality and beautiful accommodations.”

                                                lola & brent
                                            


“we had a great time at la haut and were very pleased with our accommodations. i do think you have the best view on the island!!…if we ever make it back there, we will definitely be coming back to la haut!” 

                                                alice z.
                                            


“we feel the staff at la haut are all so dedicated to the guests. we couldn’t have asked for a more memorable vacation. we are highly recommending st. lucia and la haut plantation.”

                                                kristi & terry b
                                            


“i very much enjoyed staying at la haut – your facilities were lovely, the food in the restaurant excellent, and your staff very
friendly and helpful…my only regret was that i couldn’t stay longer.”

                                                ken a
                                            


 “ amazing ! a unique place in the world, spectacular, we went as a family, my children enjoyed nature, the place has fruit plants, vegetables, the view is priceless, we walked the mountain, we went to the waterfalls, i recommend this place to bring your children and enjoy life without the comforts we are used to and enjoy the simple things that nature gives us, congratulations to the entire team of la haut! “

                                                paola c 
                                            


“my wife and i spent our third stay at the la haut last month. the hotel office staff was most helpful and, as always, exceeded taking care of all of our needs. the dining room staff was also helpful with our meals. once ordered, they delivered right to our room. since my wife requires a chair to take her shower, they met that need as soon as i made a request for one. the housekeeping staff was very friendly and did a great job. to top all this off, our veranda presents a spectacular view of the piton mountains and the town of soufriere. even though the location is well away from the hustle and bustle of town it is very convenient to many good restaurants. sal & joyce amico white, georgia. “

                                                sammuttes
                                            


“ my wife and i really enjoyed staying at la haut. it was reasonably priced, with nice rooms with a veranda or deck opening on to a great view, friendly and professional staff, and close to soufriere. the only complaint we had was that the showers were frequently cold.
if you want a nice place to rest your head and use as a base, and aren’t looking for a traditional “resort,” check out la haut. “

                                                scottdanb
                                            


“ we stayed in the "rainforest room" in fond cannes (one of the buildings in la haut resort) in early may this year and had the most amazing experience. our room was located a little ways down the road from the rest of the hotel. it was our honeymoon (two years belated), and our room had a gorgeous view of soufriere, both pitons and the caribbean sea. our breakfasts consisted of fresh local fruits, eggs, meats and coffee. the fish roti for lunch was delicious. the service was very personable and we really liked everyone we met. this is not an all inclusive resort, so if that is what you are looking for then you might want to think about rodney bay. if you are looking for something family friendly, authentic and relaxing, then la haut is the place to be. 
the infinity pool peaks out over the edge of the world. it is a favorite place for locals to bring their families on special occasions. the owner is very friendly and seems to really care about his staff, guests and the community. it is not easy to walk into (and definitely not back from) town, so i would strongly suggest renting a car. we used islander cars/ st. lucia car rental and had a great experience. having a car gave us the freedom to explore the island and was quite fun to drive once we got used to driving on the left side of the road.
staying so close to soufriere allowed us to hike gros piton, eat in town almost everyday, visit the botanical gardens, see the diamond waterfall, bathe in the sulfur mud baths, and take a fun sunset cruise right out of the harbor. it's an active place and the rhythm of the town is enlivening. i hope we get to come back for our ten year anniversary, and i hope you stay here because it is a wonderful place. “

                                                cami l
                                            



                                                 
                                            

read more





























                            © copyrights reserved © la haut resort 2025 :: privacy policy


powered by net3000.ca















