


	cancer prevention, guides, cancer support & donations - cancer council victoria














































































 




































resources in other languages
accessibility toolbar













donate
fundraise
shop




keywords

search















donate to cancer research
1 in 2 of us will be diagnosed with cancer by age 85.


 bru, breast cancer 








 preventing cancer      

be sunsmart this summer
get the facts on vaping
early detection saves lives


 cancer support       

cancer support 13 11 20
support for health professionals
my cancer guide


 get involved      

cancer research giving day
the longest day
relay for life










join our larapinta trek this july
step up to fundraise for cancer research, prevention and support 
learn more


  




latest news

  
stay safe in the sun this summer
in victoria, we are so lucky to live in a beautiful state with beaches and bushland to explore. and summer is a fantastic time to be outdoors with friends and family. but living in victoria also means the uv will consistently reach above three right up until april.
read more

  
30 years of sunsmart: transforming childhood behaviours to tackle the burden of skin cancer
in 1994, only 19 per cent of primary schools reported students wearing hats. however, over the past 30 years since the introduction of the victorian sunsmart schools program, this figure has risen dramatically to 100 per cent.
read more

  
the impact of lyall’s legacy on mesothelioma research
mesothelioma is not only highly aggressive, but the cells are also incredibly cunning, creating communication networks to stay connected and avoid targeted treatment drugs. they’re so skilled at avoiding treatments that most patients will only survive four to 18 months after their diagnosis.
read more














shop online
other languages
privacy policy
website policies and information
work with us




about us
contact us
what we do
publications and videos
history









aboriginal communities
charity abn: 61426486715


cancer council victoria would like to acknowledge the traditional custodians of the land on which we live and work. we would also like to pay respect to the elders past and present and extend that respect to all other aboriginal people.

 
cancer information


cancer information


what is cancer?


what is cancer?where cancer starts, how it spreads, common risk factors and symptoms.




types of cancer


types of cancerexplore our a-z list of cancer types, with information on diagnosis and treatment.




treatments


treatmentslearn about cancer treatments and find your local treatment centre.


treatment types


treatment centres


clinical trials


cancer care and your rights


common side effects




cancer statistics


cancer statisticscancer statistics by cancer type, age and stage, and as represented in the victorian community.


cancer statistics


data explorer




cancer screening and early detection


cancer screening and early detectionearly detection offers one of the best chances of cure.


bowel screening


breast health


cervical screening


prostate health


early detection


hepatitis b and liver cancer




prevention


preventionone third of cancers can be prevented. discover simple lifestyle changes that can help reduce your risk.


limit alcohol


be a healthy weight


eat a healthy diet


be sunsmart


quit smoking


be physically active


workplaces


food fight!




rare and less common cancers


rare and less common cancersa cancer is rare or less common when it only affects a small number of people.




advanced cancer


advanced canceradvanced cancer usually can’t be cured, but it can often be controlled.


what is advanced cancer?


treatment


managing symptoms


planning ahead


caring for someone with advanced cancer




genetics and risk


genetics and riskfor some families, an inherited faulty gene means their risk of cancer is much higher.


family history and cancer


genetic testing and counselling


familial cancer centres


lynch syndrome




children, teens and young adults


children, teens and young adultsno matter what age a child is, a cancer diagnosis will have a big effect on them.


diagnosing children’s cancers


reactions and emotions


treating children’s cancers


types of childhood cancer


day-to-day life during and after childhood cancer


talking to kids about cancer


cancer and school


facts and figures




aboriginal communities


aboriginal communitiescancer information and support services for victorian aboriginal communities.




lgbtqi+ communities


lgbtqi+ communitiescancer information and support services for lgbtqi+ communities.




easy english resources


easy english resourcesevery victorian should have equal access to cancer information and support that they understand.






get support


get support


contact cancer support


contact cancer supportspeak to our trusted and compassionate cancer nurses on 13 11 20 or via email.




cancer counselling services


cancer counselling servicesfree, short term phone counselling services to help you work through any cancer related concerns.




managing daily life


managing daily lifefinding ways to manage the impact of cancer on daily life is important. 


emotions


grief


nutrition


exercise


cancer and pregnancy


sexuality and intimacy


learning to relax


managing special occasions


living well after cancer




connect and learn


connect and learnconnect with others and participate in our free education programs.


cancer connect


managing cancer workshops


cancer wellness program


communicating with doctors


support groups


online community


newsletter sign-up




my cancer guide


my cancer guidea guide to support services available to victorians affected by cancer.




facing end of life


facing end of lifeinformation on dealing with, planning for and looking after somone at the end of life.




caring for someone with cancer


caring for someone with cancercaring can be rewarding but also challenging, both physically and emotionally.




financial and legal


financial and legalinformation and support programs related to legal and financial matters.


cancer and your finances


financial counselling


legal support program




workplace


workplaceinformation for employees and employers.


cancer, work and you


supporting colleagues and staff




support for health professionals


support for health professionalskey published articles, newsletters and updates from the cancer council.


early detection saves lives


news


cancer support referral


order free publications


education and training


cervical screening providers


optimal care pathways


clinical network


general practice


clinical practice guides


financial and legal referrals


resources for dietitians


community health


cancer counselling services




cancer stories and news


cancer stories and newsnews from cancer council victoria and stories of those affected by cancer.




cancer and covid-19


cancer and covid-19learn about cancer and covid-19, and updates about our support services.


latest news


cancer and covid-19 faqs


your covid-19 action plan


covid-19 vaccines


telehealth for patients and carers


hospital visitor restrictions


covid-19 and your health


covid-19 and smoking


information in other languages


keep up to date


covid-19 for health professionals






research


research


about our research


about our research




our research impact


our research impact




research grants


research grantsscientific work funded in universities, hospitals and research institutes.


cancer trials management scheme


grants-in-aid


postdoctoral research fellowships


summer vacation studentships 


colebatch clinical research fellowship


sir edward dunlop research fellowship


venture grants




clinical trials


clinical trialsfind out how we help patients access clinical trials.




victorian cancer registry


victorian cancer registrya world leader in data collection on cancer in victoria.


cancer in victoria 2023


all annual statistic & trends reports


accessing and requesting data


submitting data


our services




centre for behavioural research in cancer


centre for behavioural research in cancertesting policies and campaigns that can reduce population cancer risk.


meet the team


major research projects


search our research




cancer epidemiology division


cancer epidemiology divisionundertaking research to understand factors that can contribute to the development of cancer.


about ced


about ced


publications


programs and studies


genetic epidemiology


prostate cancer epidemiology


collaborate with ced


dietary questionnaires


health 2020


abc study


contact the cancer epidemiology division




mccabe centre for law & cancer


mccabe centre for law & cancerfind out how we use the law to prevent cancer and to protect people affected by it.




research governance


research governancecancer council victoria is committed to the responsible and ethical conduct of research.


research ethics and guidelines


research integrity






get involved


get involved


fundraise


fundraisefind a fundraising event to suit you.


shave


get active


weddings


celebrate


host an event


fundraise your way


australia's biggest morning tea


relay for life




volunteer with us


volunteer with usjoin the fight against cancer and volunteer with us.


ways of volunteering


regional fundraising groups


corporate volunteering


how do i become a volunteer?


volunteer opportunities


volunteering faqs




community engagement


community engagementshare your story to help others, give back and be heard.


partner with a community representative – request webform


register your interest


your stories




speaker request form


speaker request formrequest a volunteer speaker to speak at your event.




give a major gift


give a major giftlearn more about philanthropy at cancer council victoria.


about us


our work


partner with us




become a corporate supporter


become a corporate supporterthere are many ways corporates can support our work.




honour your loved one


honour your loved onecreate a lasting space to remember your loved one or give in memory.




give in celebration


give in celebrationmake a lasting contribution when you celebrate your next special occasion.




shop online


shop onlinecancer council’s online store  offers ultimate sun protection solutions.






donate


donate


donate online


donate onlinesupport our work including research, cancer support and prevention.




leave a gift in your will


leave a gift in your willa cancer-free future. imagine that!.


gifts in wills


making an impact


download our free gifts in will information guide


planning and wording your will 


information for solicitors and executors 


let us know you've left a bequest


resources and faq




tax information


tax informationlearn about making a tax deductible donation, from which organisations qualify, to how to claim them on your return.



















