






 



scsn | southern california seismic network





















scsn – southern california seismic network































 





southern california seismic network


↓ skip to main content






 for data archive
access visit
scedc



homeearthquakeslatest earthquake informationlive seismograms feedlive seismograms feed – what am i seeing?live das streamlive das stream – what am i seeing?earthquake swarmsspecial reportsweekly report plotsmonthly report plotsweekly commentary archivebulletins archivenetworkfield operationsinstrumentation & telemetryrecent webicorder displaysseismologists’ toolsearthquake processingscsn catalog statusnoise feedsresearch & publicationsacknowledgment policyeducation & outreachfaqunderstanding waveformslocal earthquakesquarry blaststeleseismic eventssonic boomsrocket launchesmilitary training: artillery firenevada nuclear testingunderstanding das datadocumenting earthquakes virtual exhibitseismology 101brief history of seismologycaltech seismo lab tourspartnerships & resourcesearthquake early warning systemearthquake research affiliates (era)era membersera staffera contact usmedia resourcesabout scsnscedc and scsnhistoryemployment opportunitiesmeet our teamcontact usmedia relations









these info buttons can be found throughout scsn.org. clicking on one will open a small window containing information pertinent to the element closest to the button. click anywhere within the information window to close.◄click for more info

recent earthquake activity use the map below to explore recent earthquake activity. this map shows the earthquake feed from the usgs for all earthquakes in the last 7 days within the scsn reporting region. expand the left sidebar to view the event listing; selecting an event will highlight its map location. once selected, for further information, clicking an event id (e.g. ci38354200) link will take you to the usgs page for that event. events are color-scaled by the time they occurred (red: within 1 hour; blue: within 1 day; yellow: within 7 days; grey: older) and size-scaled by their magnitude, as represented in the legend below. the map updates every 5 minutes with the most recent earthquake data available, the same refresh rate as the usgs earthquake feed. please note that not all earthquake information displayed on this map may have been reviewed by a seismologist, and automated solutions are likely to be updated.



sidebar-v2class="sidebar-close">










fast facts



statistics are computed at the end of each day utc (4pm pst, 5pm pdt) for the preceding 24 hour period and the preceding 7 day period. numeric links will open scedc webpages for more catalog information, and dyfi report links will open usgs webpages with did you feel it? felt report information. for archived weekly (thursday to thursday) and monthly report plots with interactive faults shown, go to the weekly report plots and monthly report plots pages.24 hours7 days
date range:15 feb 2025 utc09 feb 2025 to 15 feb 2025 utc
number of events:30237
magnitude range:0.63 - 3.70-0.19 - 3.70
events m ≥ 2.0:619
felt reports:dyfi reports dyfi reports 


weekly playback map the map below can be used to replay the earthquake sequence from the last week. events are shown in 4-hour intervals, and are color and size-scaled by the magnitude (blue is smallest, red is largest). faults from the usgs recent fault database are shown as grey lines. n.b. loading a week with a high number of events may take some time to complete.




earthquake activity through time the plots below show alternate views of seismicity at both weekly and monthly periods. for additional long term earthquake information go to the weekly report plots and monthly report plots pages.the top plot shows the total number of earthquakes recorded per day (utc) below different magnitude thresholds. the number varies depending on the detection capabilities of the network and seismic activity levels. swarms or aftershock sequences can cause spikes in the daily rate.the bottom plot shows the earthquakes recorded per day (utc) as magnitude against time for the previous 7 days. events can be matched to their corresponding listing in the map above to view locations as well as additional technical information.

















 
recent earthquake updates
latest earthquake information
live seismograms feed
live das stream
socal swarms
scsn youtube



external earthquake products
shakemap
earthquake notification service
did you feel it?



  recent posts 

02/10/2025, m3.5 near san bernardino


01/23/2025, m4.2 near delta


01/22/2025, m3.5 near boron


12/22/2024, m3.6 near little lake


earthquake early warning page 

live earthquake x posts
x posts by caltechquake 

@caltechquake posts automatic earthquake notifications in real-time that have not been reviewed by a seismologist. messages are only sent for events larger than m2.75.
results are subject to change or deletion.


 click here to view earthquakes outside southern california.
click here to contact media relations and utilize our media resources.

 
acknowledge the scsn

citation:
“california institute of technology (caltech) (1926): southern california seismic network. international federation of digital seismograph networks. other/seismic network. doi:10.7914/sn/ci“
data were provided by the caltech/usgs southern california seismic network

for further acknowledgement info go to acknowledgment policy











 






scedc
2015 copyright california institute of technology. all rights reserved.permission required to reproduce any portion of this site.



			© 2025
				scsn			

↑











