salon quality hair at home | tresemmé usskip to contentmenuproductsshampooachieve salon-fresh hair every day. from volumizing, smoothing, strengthening and more, grab your favorite shampoo essentials.conditionerget luxurious, silky, smooth hair. our conditioners give your strands the moisture it needs to shine. dry shampooachieving a fresh look without a fresh wash is finally possible. refresh your hair with our dry shampoos to keep your style bouncy and beautiful.hair sprayyour routine's finishing touch. get salon styles right at home with gels, hairsprays, mousses and more.hair gelheat protection sprayheat style with confidence with our heat protection sprays to protect your hair and boost your look.leave-in treatmentsleave-in treatmentshair moussedon't want to choose between volume and hold? a multi-tasking hair mousse can create brilliant body while securing your style. other hair treatmentsview allhair needscolor-treated hairprotect your colored hair and repair damage with formulas that replenish your locks so they don't lose their luster.curly and wavy hairdefine your waves and create the curls you crave. keep your strands bouncy, hydrated, and full of shine.dry and damaged hairsuper hydrate, smooth, and protect hair for lush, visibly healthy strands.fine and thin hairgive fine, thin hair an instant volume boost for your fullest hair yet. make hair strong and infuse strands with weightless volume and body.frizzy hairget frizz under control with our smoothing collections of hair products to keep your hair sleek and salon-smooth.collectionspro purereach your hair goals without compromise. our range of lightweight, high performance formulas tackle all your biggest hair battles with 0% sulfates, parabens, mineral oils, dyes, and dmdm. say hey to a cleaner way to care for your hair. flawless curlsdefine your waves and create the curls you crave. keep your strands bouncy, hydrated, and full of shine while you protect your locks against the elements with these moisturizing curly hair products.heat protectantbeat the heat and create salon styles free from damage. boost your look while protecting your strands and making them shine. rich moisturereplenish moisture and restore vibrancy, revealing hydrated hair with lasting shine. these formulas restore softness and revive dry and damaged hair without weighing it down for salon-soft results.botaniquescreated with over 90% naturally derived formulas, these formulas nourish dry hair with the power of botanical ingredients like coconut oil and hemp seed oil. achieve luscious locks without compromising on professional performance -- and say peace out to harsh ingredients, silicones, parabens and dyes.silky & smoothhas tackling frizz become a daily battle? smooth your strands with our collection of silky hair products that deliver intense moisturization where your hair needs it most -- without weighing it down. these formulas tame unruly tresses from root to tip and pack in the nourishment to leave your hair sleek and salon-smooth.pro care curlslock in moisture for the bounciest curls while you protect against frizz. our professional humidity-resistant formulas give you quenched curl definition for the perfect curly hair foundation.dry shampooachieve the freshest looks without a fresh wash with our revamped dry shampoos. our range of lightweight and paraben free dry shampoo formulas tackle all your biggest hair battles, without a drop of water; whether it’s taming bedhead, workout sweat, or flattened limp strands.hair gelour collection of hair gel products deliver professional quality hold and frizz-control to all your sleek styles. our hair styling gel products give your eye-turning looks the moveable hold they need to thrive all day without the crunchy stiffness. keratinwhen it comes to smooth hair, keratin products are a must. our formulas are specially designed to fight frizz, detangle knots, boost shine, add silky softness, protect against breakage, and tame those pesky flyaways.   24 hour volumeshampoos, conditioners, and styling products can weigh your hair down, leaving it looking tired and dull after just a few hours.our collection of volumizing hair products is designed with long-lasting volume in mind, giving you the confidence to wear dramatic styles that outlast even your longest day. keep hair from falling flat and get volume and bounce without the weigh down.anti-breakageeven simple maintenance such as brushing and styling makes hair breakage inevitable. give your hair a helping hand with anti-breakage line, which works to combat split ends and frizz. gentle and light enough for everyday use, these hair strengthening products leave limp locks feeling revitalized by delivering moisture where your hair needs it most. color glosses achieve longer-lasting, vibrant hair color. from dark brunette to light blonde shades, this range of in-shower color conditioner glosses instantly revives faded tones, boosting and extending color vibrancy and shine between salon visits.effortless stylingour range of lightweight hair styling formulas gives you the tools to create your ideal look. detangle, smooth, repair, volumize and more to create that eye-turning, sleek look.tres twoyou’ve worked hard on perfecting your hairstyle, so why leave it unprotected? lock down your style with salon-quality staying power. our collection is packed with all-over hold styling products for every hair type, keeping your tresses in check without crunchiness.stylingas the #1 styling brand in the us, tresemmé includes a trusted range of stylers and finishing sprays that have been used by professionals backstage to create and hold runway looks at more than 85 new york fashion week shows over the past 10 years. one step stylersone step is all it takes to get superb style! simplify your styling routine with our multi-tasking collection of stylers customized for a variety of hair types and needs. whether you want more volume, texture, smoothness or waves, this thoughtfully designed collection of one step products contain five professional benefits in each bottle to give you effortless, salon-quality style!purple blondebye-bye brassiness! experience your most vibrant shade of blonde with pro collection purple blonde. this collection for blonde and silver hair transforms brassy undertones and revives dull hues for beautifully bright hair.beauty-full strengthget visibly fuller-looking hair. transform your fine and thin strands while strengthening and reinforcing weak hair fibers to help protect your hair against future breakage.view allget the looknew york fashion week as the official hair care sponsors of new york fashion week, we’ve been helping bring style to the runway for over a decade. for some serious hair inspo, scroll through our favorite looks below.how to'sfrom glam hollywood-inspired curls to beautiful boho hair, get inspired by our how to video hair tutorials to recreate the latest catwalk looks and trending hairstyles at home.our styliststresemmé has been the official hair care sponsor of new york fashion week since 2006, and we’re proud to work with some of the most innovative hairstylists in the industry. meet our team of talented hair professionals who create the looks that women will be wearing tomorrow.hair quizfind the perfect solution for your strands with a personalized routine.hair quizabout usour heritagefor 70 years, tresemmé has helped women express themselves confidently as they make their mark on the world.at ny fashion weekthe fashion calendar is full of do-not-miss events, but there’s definitely one that takes priority: new york fashion week. so back in 2006 when we were looking for a more profound way to express how deeply rooted our ideas and values were with the world of fashion, there was only one place for tresemmé to be: the front row.our purposelet’s get real: tresemmé believes that women should be equally represented at all levels of society. faqgeneral frequently asked questionsproduct & ingredient safetytresemmé products use only the highest quality ingredients to create safe, science-backed, professional-quality formulas to give you salon quality hair at home.future stylists fundthe future stylists fund is an annual, by-application program that supports tresemmé’s ongoing commitment to advocate for diverse representation and equitable treatment for hair professionals, and to help aspiring black female hairstylists achieve their career ambitions.where to buysearchget styledsign uptry on salon-worthy styles at hometry on beachy waves, sleek bobs &  more in 3 easy steps with our virtual try-on toolget styledfind your personalized hair routinefind the perfect solution for your strands to give you the best foundation for any style. find your routineour best selling productsjustine marjan, celebrity hair stylisthealthy hair is the most important thing to me. the right shampoo and conditioner can give you the healthiest hair and create the perfect base for creating any style. to achieve beautiful hair, you need great products that are appropriate for each client’s hair type, texture and concern. tresemme always brings the best products to support my skills as a stylist.in the newshow to hair tutorialsee all tutorialsto top back to topbecome a tres insiderbe the first to find out about our new productsfirst namelast nameyour emaildate of birthzip codesign up and be the first to know about exciting offers, product updates and more from tresemmé and other  unilever brands.   for further information, please refer to our  privacy noticesubscribeconnect with usinstagramtiktokyoutubetwitterfacebookpetawhere to buy terms of usecontact ussign upsite map site map xml privacy notice accessibilityfaq voluntary recall do not sell or share my personal information consumer health data privacy policy limit use of my sensitive personal informationlink opens in a new window© 2024 unilever. all rights reserved.this website is directed only to u.s. consumers for products and services of unilever united states. this website is not directed to consumers outside of the u.s.locationunited states, english |  change location