



hemospat – bloodstain pattern analysis software












































skip to content




 bloodstain pattern analysis software 


main

pricing
software

features
demo
release notes
purchase


news
resources

bpa research
bpa terminology
hemospat coordinate exchange format
angle of impact high-speed video shooting project
bookshelf


about

about us
contact us
privacy policy









home


hemospat bloodstain pattern analysis software is used to calculate the area of origin for impact patterns at crime scenes.  performing this directional analysis of impact patterns can provide the bloodstain pattern analyst with crucial information about the location and posture of an individual at a bloodletting scene.




hemospat's main interface - windows 7

hemospat's main interface - mac os x

hemospat's 2d viewer - windows 7

hemospat's 2d viewer - windows xp

hemospat's data exported 3d - mac os x

bloodstain pattern analysis - angles of impact



download demo
the methods typically used to compute the area of origin of an impact pattern include physical stringing, mathematical formulae, and bpa software.  some of the benefits of hemospat are:


reduced risk – stringing requires more than one person  and they could be at the crime scene for hours.  all that stomping around the often unpleasant crime scene adds risk of contamination and increases the time the scene must be held.
reduced cost – using old methods can be very time consuming – especially since you need more than one person – and may involve using disposable resources.  what used to take a day or more can be done in hours with hemospat. 
reusability – instead of being left with static photos of the stringing or just a mathematical result, hemospat will produce results that are suitable for a report and 3d reconstruction software.  the analysis facilitates peer review and may be saved for future work on the case.

take a look at hemospat’s key features, try out the demo, and contact us for more information.






 


user site 
downloadssupport

latest versionsmacos:2.0.1windows:2.0.1release notesbpa books

practical crime scene processing and investigation, second edition
by ross m. gardner







news


hemospat 2.0.1 released


hemospat 2.0 released


handbook of bloodstain pattern analysis


upcoming feature: updated surface editor


upcoming feature: 3d viewer


social  







					this site is created by a human and is 100% certified "ai"-free.
this site participates in the amazon services llc associates program, an affiliate program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising & linking to amazon websites.
					copyright © 2025 forident software. based on the stargazer theme.				











