






the little brown church in the vale | nashua, iowa






















641-435-2027



facebook




x


 





facebook




x



home
contact us
give
 












the church

welcome!!
history
mission & beliefs
our pastor
leadership
ia/ne association of naccc


what to expect

service times
become a member


organizations

lcb charitable trust
women’s fellowship


weddings & vow renewals
tours
links
 


select page


  
 
 













during the winter months, beginning january 2, 2025
the little brown church will only be open
thursdays through sundays from 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. for visitors.
 




























welcome to the little brown church.
we are glad you could stop by and visit our site. as a church, we look forward to the opportunity to have you worship with us in person. you are an integral part of our sunday worship as we get an opportunity to hear your story describing your connection to the church, as we live out our mission by “sharing our heritage with the world.”
 










history
the first settlers came to the bradford area in 1848 and with an abundant water supply and virgin timber, the town grew. by 1855 the first members of the puritan-congregational church had begun holding meetings. by 1856, bradford had 500 residents and was the first town in this part of iowa. read more.








services
church office hours:our church office is open on monday, wednesday, thursday, and friday of each week from 10 to 2. please leave a message for us if we are unable to take your call.
weddings and vow renewalsweddings and vow renewals are conducted year round thursday through saturday excluding holidays. visit our weddings website www.littlebrownweddings.org to learn more and to book your wedding or vow renewal online.
 
 








a word from our pastor
follow along with our weekly sermons and other happenings here.





 







contact us & directions 641-435-2027
2730 cheyenne ave
nashua, ia 50658
highway 346 nashua, iowa just north of waterloo iowa and three miles from the avenue of the saints highway (27/218), exit 220 at nashua.

map us 

tours we offer opportunities for touring the little brown church to both individual groups and motor coach tours. the pastor enjoys giving tours of the church building and sharing some of the unique history of the church. visit our tours page for more information.

give you can donate to the little brown church here.

 






facebook




x


site designed and developed by rozwaduckie design llc | login 





















