




monterey bay national marine sanctuary home page









monterey bay national marine sanctuary








 home





 
aboutmbnms

overview
general information
explore your sanctuary
calendar
permits, regulations, & enforcement
marine operations
management plan documents
staff



resourceprotection

overview
general information
ecosystem-based management
permits, regulations, & enforcement
water quality
maritime heritage
resource issues
conservation working group
reports



education& outreach

overview
general information
visitor centers
programs
events
for educators
materials and resources



research& monitoring

overview
general information
natural resources
monitoring and simon
research activity panel
ricketts award & lecture
sanctuary currents symposium
research publications



 getinvolved

overview
sanctuary advisory council
volunteer
internships
get into your sanctuary
events calendar
foundation
email lists



advisorycouncil

overview
agendas & materials
members
working groups
conservation working group
research activity panel
user group newsletters
contact sac



materials& resources

overview
maps
images & video
sanctuary site characterization
simon
reports & plans
searchable databases
posters
brochures, books, & misc.








news & upcoming events



coastal discover center closed until further notice
            due extended maintenance, the center is temporarily closed (2/7/20254)





new iconic kelp action plan developed  (2/6/20254)




looking for something meaningful to do with your time? become an mbnms volunteer! tune in to our virtual webinar for more information (1/14/20254)




mbnms advisory council spring 2025 recruitment
feeling the need to get involved? no time than the present to apply! 
             (1/7/2025)





2024 final restoration plan and nepa evaluation for the yfd-70 dry dock noaa's office of national marine sanctuaries published the final restoration plan for the yfd-70 dry dock for monterey bay and greater farallones national marine sanctuaries. the office of national marine sanctuaries is implementing two restoration projects: 1) removing objects/vessels/ vehicles of all sizes that have been abandoned, grounded, or sunken and discarded; and 2) restoring corals through outplanting of live coral fragments in mbnms at sur ridge. read about deep-sea coral research and restoration. (12/16/2024)





notice of availability for sur ridge groundfish exclusion area: amendment 34 (oct 9, 2024)  (11/8/2024)





more news, announcements and updates!




















welcome to monterey bay national marine sanctuary! one of our nation's most spectacular marine protected areas, monterey bay national marine sanctuary offers some of the best wildlife viewing in the world! this "serengeti of the sea" stretches along the central coast from san francisco to cambria and includes pristine beaches, jewel-like tide pools, lush kelp forests, steep canyons and an offshore seamount teeming with life—from tiny shrimp to giant blue whales. the national marine sanctuary system promotes environmental protection, stewardship and ocean research. we invite you to explore and help protect this national undersea treasure. 



		 
        
          
        
         
        




contact us | site map | report an emergency


reviewed: july 18, 2024
web site owner: national ocean service
take our survey |
privacy statement |
site disclaimer
national marine sanctuaries |
national ocean service | 
national oceanic and atmospheric administration |  
usa.gov














