






exhale pro-voice • nonjudgmental after-abortion support















exhale pro-voice • nonjudgmental after-abortion support
































































 












safety exit










aboutwhat is pro-voice?historyleadershipvolunteerbecome a counselorvolunteer behind the scenesjoin our board of directors!exhale pro-voice anti-oppression policypresscontactprofessional resourcesrequest trainingoutreach materialsafter-abortion supportafter-abortion textlineafter-abortion stories hubafter-abortion resourcesdonate








you deserve nonjudgmentalafter-abortion support.
text exhale pro-voice:
617-749-2948
our confidential textline is available in the us, puerto rico, and canada and is staffed during the following hours: 
weekdays: 3 pm – 9 pm (pacific time) saturdays: 1 pm – 9 pm (pacific time) sundays: 3 pm – 7 pm (pacific time)
se habla español. due to high text volume, please expect a response within 24 hours. 
textline frequently asked questions:

what support do you offer?

we focus on after-abortion emotional support. for medical questions and support, click here: m&a hotline


will i talk to a real person?

exhale pro-voice is staffed by real people. you will always text with trained peer counselors, not chatbots or ai.


what about my privacy?

we take your privacy seriously. our textline is completely anonymous. we regularly delete our textline data, so your information is not retained by exhale pro-voice long-term. for more information, click here: ddf guide


can i get support in languages other than english?

yes, many of our counselors speak spanish. we also have french and mandarin speaking counselors. 


how can i access abortion pills?

we do not sell abortion pills. for information on finding abortion pills, click here: plan c pills







there’s room for you here.
we know that each person’s abortion experiences are as unique as they are. no matter what you’re feeling, we offer a space for you to feel all of it.our textline is open to all people who have had abortions (and the people who want to better support them, too).our trained counselors will follow your lead and support you in tending to your wellbeing in the ways that feel best for you.through this pro-voice, abortion-positive approach, we have supported thousands of people over the past 20 years.

support our work





we’re dreaming about a worldfree from abortion stigma.
(and we’re making that dream a reality.)





confidential textline
our textline counselors receive nearly 30 hours of training and ongoing support to ensure that they’re able to be there in the ways you need them. available in the us & canada. our approach



professional training
we work with therapists, sexuality educators, clinic staff, and medical providers to help them provide a shame-free experience to their clients. request training



abortion stories hub
these are your stories, exactly as you want to share them — because sometimes, you just need to know that someone else has felt this way, too. read more





being a peer counselor with exhale is such a privilege. it’s rewarding and inspiring to support folks, and witness their strength and resilience, as they create their own meaning out of their abortion experience.
exhale pro-voice textline counselor





about exhale pro-voice
exhale pro-voice is a 501(c)3 organization. our ein/federal tax id is 94-3393719po box 14562 san francisco, ca 94114

donate



privacy policies
view our privacy policy.view our terms of use.contact us.


connect with us
exhale pro-voice instagram
facebook
tiktok





subscribe
* indicates required
email address *first name *last name *














copyright exhale pro-voice, 2024.
privacy policy













