




study computer science at aarhus university









































 







 













aarhus university logo



find

















dansk







for students
for phds
for employees


local study portal
computer science
it product development





local phd portal
application guide
computer science

pages for all phd students
phd.au.dk



local staff information
department of computer science

pages for staff members at au
medarbejdere.au.dk/en/









department of computer science













about uscode of conductstrategy towards 2030organisationwelcome to new colleagues at csanniversaryemployeeshonorary doctor and professorsvacanciesresearchalgorithms, data structures and foundations of machine learningcollaboration and computer-human interactioncomputational complexity and game theorydata-intensive systemscryptography and cyber securitylogic and semanticsprogramming languagesubiquitous computing and interactionpublicationsphd studieseducationbachelormasterphdcs alumnicontinuing educationstudy environmentmeet our graduatesgraduation at department of computer sciencechomskylabcollaborationresearch collaborationstudent collaborationcs business clubbusiness committeenews & eventsnewseventscs colloquiumcamps and competitionscontactmanagement and heads of researchresearchersall employeespress contactsgymnasiesamarbejde














world-class research and education
join one of europe's leading computer science department
from 2025, the department offers both international bachelor programmes and a part-time master in computer science









        study portal for current students
    



        international student? click here for more info
    



        information about phd studies
    



        cs business club
    



        press contact
    





        visit us or book a workshop
    







education
study computer science or it product development. we offer bachelor, master and phd programmes.









research
 world-class within theoretical and experimental computer science. 















                news
            








#98 on the the ranking







						17  february 2025
					 - cs frontpage


we are proud to announce that times higher education (the) world university rankings has once again ranked computer science at aarhus university as the number one in denmark and number 98 in the world in their 2025 subject ranking.

 










meet our new faculty member, stefanie zollmann







						12  february 2025
					 - cs frontpage


in december 2024, stefanie zollmann commenced her position at aarhus university as an associate professor within the ubiquitous computing and interaction group, bringing in expertise in augmented reality (ar), computer vision, and computer graphics.










meet our new faculty member, stratis skoulakis







						04  february 2025
					 - cs frontpage


in november 2024, stratis skoulakis joined aarhus university as a tenure-track assistant professor in the computational complexity and game theory group at the department of computer science. his research focuses on the mathematical foundations of game theory, machine learning, and optimization, with a particular interest in developing and…










new part-time master's programme to attract and retain more international it talents







						31  january 2025
					 - cs frontpage


the department of computer science at aarhus university has received a grant of dkk 3,032,900 from the danish agency for higher education and science for the project 'work and study programme in computer science'. the project aims to strengthen the recruitment and retention of international it talents through the business master's programme in…










2025 vrvis visual computing award to hans-jörg schulz







						30  january 2025
					 - cs frontpage


congratulations to associate professor hans-jörg schulz and his team for receiving the 2025 vrvis visual computing award.
the award recognizes outstanding application-oriented research in visual computing and data visualization that advances sustainable development. hans-jörg was honored for his collaborative research with aarhus university’s…












        more news
    











        master specializations in cybersecurity, ai, hci and software foundations and technology
    






















views





































meet our graduates
meet some of our graduated students from computer science and it product development who now use their skills in various jobs.














                events
            








digitalization research: its challenges and its implications for society






18 feb





                    tuesday
                    
                        18 
                        
                            february
                            2025,
                        

                            at
                            13:30
                        

royal danish academy of science and letters, h.c. andersens boulevard 35 copenhagen 





about the seminar
the focus of this event is on digitalization research, its challenges and its implications for society. discussion will address the…









nikolas melissaris´s phd defence of "better, faster, stronger - improving security, efficiency and primitives for mpc"






18 feb





                        
                            2 days,
                        
                    
                    tuesday
                    
                        18 
                        
                            february
                            2025,
                        

                            at
                            14:00
                        
                        
                            - 


5342-333 ada





on tuesday february 18 2025, nikolas melissaris will defend the phd thesis better, faster, stronger - improving security, efficiency and primitives…









        more events
    














visit us
visit us with your school or by yourself.









cs job wall
official job bank for students and graduates.


















                find dept. of computer science
            



 












                facebook.com/datalogi
            



audatalogi








    revised
    16.12.2024


    -
    
sofia hedegaard rasmussen















department of computer science
aarhus university
        åbogade 34
      8200 aarhus n
                
e-mail:  cs@au.dk
                    tel: +45 8715 0000

cvr no: 31119103
                      ean no: 5798000419841
      budget code: 7281






about us

profile
employees
contact
vacancies



au degree programmes

bachelor
master
phd



follow us

facebook
instagram
twitter
linkedin



© —
                     cookies at au.dk
privacy policy
web accessibility statement 






480 / i36









