



	india tourism, hotels, restaurants, colleges, schools, companies, websites

















beaches








                        monuments








                        festivals







colleges







schools







universities







companies







mutual funds







forts







museums







temples










indiasite.com





                                     
                                





































                                     
                                

































                                        places to visit








                                        destinations







hotels







restaurants







hospitals







malls







cinemas







clubs







parks







zoo







beauty














                    welcome to indiasite.com



latest news

classifieds











                                            travel




	travel & tourism in india



                                            hotels




	hotels in india



                                            restaurants




	restaurants in india



                                            education




	universities, colleges and schools in india



                                            companies




	companies in india



                                            websites




	wbsites in india
	 



                                            malls




	shopping malls in india



                                            cinemas




	cinemas in india



                                            hospitals




	hospitals in india



                                            personalities




	personalities



                                            museums and art galleries




	museums and arts gallery



                                            places to visit










politicsbusinesstravelsportsentertainmenteducationtechnologymodi and pm share stage, fight over sardar patelcoal scam: if there is conspiracy, all are involved narendra modi bjp pm candidate, so what: cong lk advani resigns from all positions in bjpmore..sensex record all time high closes on 105 pointsrbi chief: economy will pick up by year endbombay hc : nsel is a serious matterspice jet overtakes air india as the third largest domestic airliner more..railyatri.in launches national alert service17.23 crore project to develop colva coastal strip civil aviation minister: air india must perform or perishuttarkhand: rescue operations hampered by rain more.. bharat ratna for sachin tendulkartendulkar ends ranji career with a winsachin tendulkar announces retirement from test cricket sachin tendulkar to play last match at wankhede more..style mannan rajinikanth turns 63boss movie review gravity movie review bhaag milkha bhaag movie reviewmore..ctet 2014 date announcedchange in pattern of jee final mumbai varsity tybcom exam postponed hsc exam timetable 2013more..samsung galaxy s4 launch date: march 14samsung galaxy siii and tab ii prices cut blackberry q10 and z10 unveiledinternet turns 30; the next 30 belong to indiamore..




                explore the beauty of india with indiasite.com. loose yourself in the magical charm
                of indian tourist attractions and experience the different cultural aspects of this
                colorful country. also get to know indian festivals, beaches, forts, temples and
                museums in this historical country. india boasts of some of the best hotels and
                restaurants in the world. here you will find everything about india like its companies,
                universities, colleges, schools, hospitals, shopping malls, cinemas and websites.
                come, feel the wonder that is india!!
            













                                        travel









	travelling across india is like flipping the pages of geography textbook. india belongs to the world but within herself she contains every possible detail of this wonderful world. travel to india is an experience of a lifetime. understanding this following are the links of travel destinations in india.

                                             








                                                            places to visit in bangalore








                                                            places to visit in new delhi








                                                            places to visit in mumbai








                                                            places to visit in chennai








                                                            places to visit in jaipur








                                                            places to visit in ooty








                                                            places to see in kashmir








                                                            places to visit in rajasthan








                                                            places to visit in kerala








                                                            places to visit in goa















                                        hotels









	india is spotted  with a number of hotels that are intended to fit every budget group. apart from essaying an important role in tourism hotels in india stand out as beacons of hospitality and comfortable accommodation. following are the category based links for hotels in the country.

                                             








                                                            hotels in mumbai








                                                            hotels in new delhi








                                                            hotels in chennai








                                                            hotels in kolkata








                                                            hotels in bangalore








                                                            hotels in hyderabad








                                                            hotels in pune








                                                            hotels in jaipur








                                                            hotels in ahmedabad








                                                            hotels in chandigarh















                                        restaurants









	restaurants in india are the treasures chests of diverse indian gastronomy as well as international culinary preferences. the indian love for food is also well documented and does not need a formal introduction. understanding this, following is the link of popular categories for restaurants in india.

                                             








                                                            restaurants in delhi








                                                            restaurants in chennai








                                                            restaurants in kolkata








                                                            restaurants in mumbai








                                                            restaurants in bangalore








                                                            restaurants in hyderabad








                                                            restaurants in chandigarh








                                                            restaurants in ahmedabad








                                                            restaurants in jaipur

















                                        education









	india’s system of learning is diverse with various avenues for education from early childhood to highest pursuance of research and study. the prospects of the system are infinite and there is no dearth in terms of educational institutes in india. following are category based links of the same.

                                             








                                                            top mba colleges in india








                                                            top engineering colleges in india








                                                            top medical colleges in india








                                                            ugc recognised universities in india








                                                            top architecture colleges in india








                                                            top law colleges in india








                                                            top commerce colleges in india








                                                            top cbse schools in india








                                                            top icse schools in india








                                                            top pre schools in india















                                        companies









	invisible and intangible entities as they are defined, companies in india have delivered higher returns in various sectors and have consolidated the country's econmic standing. following are the links of top companies in india across all categories.

                                             








                                                            it consulting and software








                                                            finance








                                                            telecom








                                                            fmcg








                                                            retail








                                                            automobiles








                                                            oil and gas








                                                            banking








                                                            bpo and kpo








                                                            heavy engineering















                                        websites









	as india logs in, net portals and websites are springing in number faster than it takes to goggle a search, or check mail, socialize or tweet. this development is more than the oft vent definition of lightening speed. the country is bridging the gap of internet penetration. india’s top websites are getting your time and attention. so much so that every hour of the day is utilized in surfing the internet and this is just the beginning. following are the links of most popular website portal categories in india.

                                             








                                                            top education websites in india








                                                            top travel websites in india








                                                            top job websites in india








                                                            top classified websites in india








                                                            top shopping websites in india








                                                            top matrimonial websites in india








                                                            top property websites in india








                                                            top ecommerce websites in india

















                                        malls









	consumerism or not malls in india have become an important part of everyday life. apart from being multifarious shopping complexes malls have become a vital point for socialization. following are the links of malls in india.

                                             








                                                            shopping malls in new delhi








                                                            shopping malls in mumbai








                                                            shopping malls in kolkata








                                                            shopping malls in chennai








                                                            shopping malls in bangalore








                                                            shopping malls in noida








                                                            shopping malls in gurgaon








                                                            shopping malls in ahmedabad








                                                            shopping malls in chandigarh








                                                            shopping malls in jaipur















                                        cinemas









	cinema has been an ineffaceable part of india for more than a century now. this popular art form continues to enthrall, emote, and entice audiences with an undiminshing effect. following are the links of popular cinemas in india.

                                             








                                                            cinemas in mumbai








                                                            cinemas in new delhi








                                                            cinemas in chennai








                                                            cinemas in kolkata








                                                            cinemas in bangalore








                                                            cinemas in hyderabad








                                                            cinemas in pune








                                                            cinemas in chandigarh








                                                            cinemas in ahmedabad















                                        hospitals









	the country consists of multifarious healthcare mechanism. hospitals in india continue to be starting place and high point of the system of healthcare. apart from that health also forms an indelible part of every individual’s life, understanding this following are the links of top hospitals in india.

                                             








                                                            hospitals in delhi








                                                            hospitals in mumbai








                                                            hospitals in chennai








                                                            hospitals in kolkata








                                                            hospitals in bangalore








                                                            hospitals in hyderabad








                                                            hospitals in pune








                                                            hospitals in chandigarh

















                                        personalities









	personalities are simple flesh and blooded individuals but they are known for the difference they have rendered to society in various streams be it performing arts, politics, public service, or forming public opinion. individuals who have stood out and at the same time have been able to make an individual difference in a world that follows the masses. following are the links of the who’s who, top personalities in the india.

                                             








                                                            best actors in india








                                                            best actress in india








                                                            highest paid actors in india








                                                            highest paid actress in india








                                                            famous bollywood actors and actresses








                                                            cricketers of india








                                                            politicians of india








                                                            top businessmen in india















                                        museums and art galleries









	history and art are an ineffaceable part of our country. museums and art galleries in india showcase some of the finest heritage and distinctive artistic expression of all time. museum in india are storehouses of culture and heritage apart from being centers of preserving antiquity. with its multihued historical confluence that is distinctive of the country as well as the many foreign influences that have shaped the country. following are the links for museums and art galleries.

                                             








                                                            museums & art galleries in new delhi








                                                            museums & art galleries in mumbai








                                                            museums & art galleries in chennai








                                                            museums & art galleries in kolkata








                                                            museums & art galleries in pune








                                                            museums & art galleries in hyderabad








                                                            museums & art galleries in bangalore








                                                            museums & art galleries in chandigarh















                                        places to visit









	there is no dearth in terms of the appalling attractions of this beautiful and enigmatic country. the incredibility is that every destination renders a distinctively personal experience for a traveller. following are the links of places to visit in india.

                                             








                                                            taj mahal








                                                            red fort








                                                            hawa mahal








                                                            khajuraho








                                                            kerala backwaters








                                                            thar desert








                                                            goa beaches








                                                            rameshwaram temple








                                                            tirupati temple








                                                            india gate


















about us | 
        our team | 
        contact us | 
        privacy policy | 
        terms
            and conditions |  
                advertise with us





        copyright © 2001-2013: www.indiasite.com (all rights reserved)








