








edwards federal credit union








































































skip to content






  
apply for a loan
open an account
get in touch
 














  





bank better

checking accounts

everything+ checkingeverything checkingbasic checkingmilitary checkingteen checkingeverything + benefits 
savings accounts

primary savingsholiday savingsmoney market savingsorganizational savingsyouth savingsterm share certificates (cds)individual retirement accounts (iras) 
additional services

safe deposit boxestrustage insurancedividend rates 

borrow smarter

consumer loans

vehicle loansvisa credit cardspersonal loans & lines of creditgreen vehicles loansmycash 
home loans

mortgage loanshome equity loans & lines of creditgreen home improvement loans 
tools & resources

loan rates & termsapply for a loanskip-a-paymenttrustage auto & home insurancemechanical protectionpay your loan 

learn & connect

24/7 account accesslocations & hoursget in touchsecurity & fraud protectionrates & feesfinancial wellnesstools & calculators
av proud

join edwards fcuour storycommunity eventsmeet our leaderscareers at edwardsnews & updates
 
 sign in to online banking log in 










log in to online banking
            




click here to log into online banking.

enroll in online banking
view demo
forgot your password? 








 antelope valley proud, since 1962. 

        become a member        







find everything at edwards
you can count on us to provide the right products and services to help you thrive.





 checking accounts 



 edwards fcu has an option tailored to your needs. 
 learn more 










 credit cards 



 unlock rewards and convenience with our credit cards. 
 learn more 










 vehicle loans 



 drive your dream car with our low-rate vehicle loans. 
 learn more 










 mortgages 



 secure your home with our competitive mortgage rates. 
 learn more 










 green loans 



 you can count on us for financing on home loans for energy efficiency upgrades. 
 learn more 










 community events 



 stay up to date with our events.  
 learn more 










 estate planning 



 prepare for the unexpected now to ensure you’ve covered. 
 learn more 










 mycash 



 when you need a little extra cash for unexpected expenses. 
 learn more 









special offers for edwards members








debt consolidation loan                    

consolidate debt and save with rates as low as 7.74% apr*


learn more                        









certificate specials                    









spring into savings! earn 4.10% on 6-month cds and 4.00% on 12-month cds.










learn more                        























celebration loan                    

from weddings and quinceaneras to graduations and anniversaries, we can help fund it with a special event loan with rates as low as 9.74% apr*


learn more                        









balance transfer                    








discover the perks of our platinum card and pay down high interest debt with a 0% apr on balance transfers for the first 6 months!









apply now                        











access your accounts anytime, anywhere




 mobile app 
 learn more 







 locations 
 view locations 







 contact 
 learn more 







 join us 
 get started 

















                            edwards fcu – february newsletter                        

dear valued member, as we step into february, a month that reminds us of the importance of appreciation and connection, we want to take a moment to say thank you. […]

 read more 








                            63rd annual meeting                        

all members are invited to edwards federal credit union’s 63rd annual meeting and election for the open positions on the credit union’s board of directors. enjoy a wonderful dinner and […]

 read more 








                            edwards fcu – december newsletter                        

dear members, as we enter the holiday season, i want to take a moment to reflect on the joy and meaning this time of year brings. amid the hustle and […]

 read more 








                            announcing our partnership with av alta soccer team                        

we are thrilled to announce an exciting new partnership between edwards federal credit union and the usl antelope valley, now known as av alta, a professional soccer team making its […]

 read more 








                            mycash: everything you need to know                        

introduction in today’s fast-paced world, financial flexibility can make a significant difference. mycash, a unique loan product from edwards federal credit union, offers a simple and swift solution for those […]

 read more 








                            preventing fraud: protecting your finances and peace of mind                        

with the convenience of online transactions, managing our finances has never been easier. however, this also opens the door to potential fraud. in a world where cybercriminals are becoming increasingly […]

 read more 















thank you for visiting our website...


you will be linking to another website not owned or operated by 
                    edwards federal credit union                    and will be redirected to .
                    we do not control these sites and do not guarantee the accuracy, completeness, efficiency, or timeliness of the information contained therein. we encourage you to review their privacy and security policies which may differ from edwards federal credit union                    .


proceed
return to edwards fcu










important notice


custom text here...
confirm to visit: 


confirm
return to edwards fcu










important notice


we want to remind you that e-mail is not necessarily secure against interception. if your information is very sensitive, or includes personal or confidential information -- such as your bank account, charge card, or social security number -- you may want to call us, send it by postal mail to one of the addresses listed in our locations, or log on to our online banking and send your question via secured email.  for your safety and privacy, specific account questions will not be answered that are initiated via this unsecured form.
confirm to email: 


proceed
cancel




   

contact usabout usopen an account



call us: 661-952-5945 or 877-256-3300
routing & transit #:  322270770
nmls id #: 737327

 


proud founding sponsor










federally insured by ncua. equal housing lender.copyright 2025 – edwards federal credit union. all rights reserved.privacy notice patriot act & disclosures


























