



the home page of glenn and georgeanne valis




glenn and georgeanne's home page





 


this is the home page of glenn and georgeanne valis


our interests are country
western dancing and history







we are country western couples dancers in the ucwdc showcase
diamond division. we are from new jersey-we like to say western
new jersey. we dance at the ucwdc events in the east
coast area and have been to the big apple, easterns, baltimore,
northeastern, new orleans, harrisburg, colorado, new mexico, arizona and worlds competitions.
we usually dance at least 5 and sometimes 6 of the dances offered
at all competitions, which are polka, cha cha, 2-step, waltz,
east coast swing and west coast swing- and now night club two
step and norfolk (triple two) have been added. see several dance photos. 
showcase dancing is a professional style, choreographed to
pre-released music, which shows musical and lyrical interpretation.
it includes more theatrical arts and ballet type moves than are
allowed in the classic divisions, which are social style orientated.
note that by style, we are talking about the type of choreography
and movement. in other words, it is which moves are done, not
how, that seperates showcase from classic.  diamond showcase is the over 40 division.
what is the ucwdc?
the united country western dance council, the biggest group of
country dance event directors in the world. events are held most
weekends somewhere in the world. their home page has plenty of
dance links.
we also do some demo dances for various groups


we teach country western dancing at the colorado
cafe in watchung, nj. the colorado cafe has a very large
floor-about 4000 sq. feet, a restaurant, and has large screen
tv's set up so you can watch your favorite videos if you don't
want to dance! it is the best country western dance club in the
northeast, and is one of the few still doing well.

 

we also teach various adult education classes in the flemington
and watchung areas, parties, workshops, etc.
 



for information on country western dancing in new jersey, classes
or lessons, or just to contact us: glennandgeorgeanne@comcast.net


see the honky
tonkin' usa list of dance spots
 
 




glenn has an interest in history, especially the american
revolutionary war. he is a the commander of outwater's militia, a revolutionary
war re-enactment group, portraying the militia of bergan county,
the dutchmen of the neutral ground who fought against the loyalist
and british raiders from new york city. he writes most of the
web pages of our site, doing research and reading everything he
can.
he is also a descendant of john
hart, signer of the declaration of independence. you will
find an outline biography of the signer if you follow the link.
you can also see his pages about new jersey revolutionary war
history:


new jersey during the revolution:



 


with over 20 pages of battles from large to very
small, places, people and areas of nj, and various documents and
accounts of the revolution.


 


 


i recommend also outwater's militia web page.


 


web pages written and created by glenn
valis. last revision 9/6/08  copyrighted- all rights reserved 


"the reproduction of any part of this website
and its contents without the express written permission of the
author is strictly prohibited and protected by us and international
copyright law."


 






