




















first | for inspiration and recognition of science and technology




























skip to main content





help


register
my dashboard




toggle navigation









programsfirst lego leaguestart a team
cost & registration
game & season
events
resource library
blog
innovation at first

first tech challengestart a team
cost & registration
game & season
events
alumni
resource library
blog

first robotics competitionstart a team
cost & registration
game & season
events
alumni
resource library
blog
hall of fame

youth safetyreport a concern
youth protection program
first privacy hub
privacy policy


communityalumni
community blog
innovation at first
educatorsprofessional development
free education resources
class pack experience
classroom to career

team & event search
resource library
team grant opportunities
first championship
find local support
first newsletter
first stories
first store
first global

ways to helpdonate
ways to givesupport
raise money for first
workplace giving & corporate matching gifts
become a sponsor
stocks, crypto, dafs, legacy giving, and more

volunteerabout
event volunteers
mentors / coaches
general volunteer resources
first mentor network

first senior mentor program

aboutabout first
impact
at a glance
youth safety
equity, diversity, & inclusion
history
our supporters
leadership
annual report & financials
press room & photos
careers
contact us
site map
 

 search
donate
find first near you


register
my dashboard


help




 















a global robotics community preparing young people for the future
  








we are the world's leading youth-serving nonprofit advancing stem education
founded in 1989 by inventor dean kamen, first® is a global nonprofit organization that prepares young people for the future through a suite of life-changing youth robotics programs that build skills, confidence, and resilience.
read about our mission, purpose & values












first helps kids "get anywhere"
the breadth of career opportunities that an education in stem provides is wider than ever. today’s students are inspired by first to build futures tailored to their unique talents and interests.
learn more












inspiring generations of global citizens



3.2 million youth participants since 1989





first robotics teams are active in 110+ countries.





83% of first alumni declare majors in stem by their fourth year of college





over 96% of first students persevere despite challenges or barriers as a result of program participation


find more facts











hear from the first community




parents



students





educators



volunteers



 



students
"first definitely makes me feel empowered, not just as a student interested in building robots, but as a human being."
- tania najnin, first student
 





parents
"deanna is the first to graduate college — i'm proud of her. now she mentors family members who have graduated high school that are going into college."
- deanna's mother
get started





educators
"i'm a firm believer in first — it boosts confidence, builds collaborative skills, and is hands-on. it takes the best of pedagogy, and best practices in education, and brings it all together."
- urvi shah, director of educational technology and innovation
get started





volunteers
"volunteering at first is exciting and exhilarating and a way to give back to my community in a way that makes me feel full."
- kari karwedsky, first volunteer for 13 years
get started
















first® divesm presented by qualcomm
bring stem inspiration, holistic skill building, and fun to your classroom or after-school learning environment with collaborative problem solving during our ocean-themed 2024-2025 robotics season.

learn more & get involved



 








a suite of hands-on stem programs for every age
project-based, hands-on first programs introduce students to engineering and coding in engaging, inclusive, and creative learning environments, where students work collaboratively to solve themed robotics challenges.
because our programs are more than robots®, participants are guided by first core values to build a better future.
children can join any of our three programs based on age or grade level. ages may vary by region.




grades
prek-8




 

gradesprek-8
ages4-16

first® lego® league introduces stem to children through fun, exciting hands-on learning. participants gain real-world problem-solving experiences through a guided, global robotics program using lego® technology, helping today’s students and teachers build a better future together. first lego league’s three divisions inspire youth to experiment and grow their critical thinking, coding, and design skills and showcase what they learned.


first lego league is...


learn more about
first lego league






grades
7-12




 

grades7-12
ages12-18

first® tech challenge students work together with their mentors to design and build robots to compete in a dynamic and exciting challenge released every september. teams program classroom-scale robots to follow autonomous commands before student drivers take control in two-on-two matches. on and off the field, students develop stem skills, engage in community outreach, practice engineering innovation, and build confidence to help them succeed.


first tech challenge is...


learn more about
first tech challenge






grades
9-12




 

grades9-12
ages14-18

each january brings a new challenge for first® robotics competition teams. starting with a kit of parts, they design, program, and build industrial-sized robots to play an action-packed game on a themed field as part of a three-team alliance. guided by mentors and sponsors, students learn engineering and problem-solving skills as they compete for awards, create a team identity, raise funds, hone teamwork skills, and advance appreciation for stem in their community.


first robotics competition is...


learn more about
first robotics competition











 

 














discover the impact of first
learn about the power of first and how we've fostered meaningful change in our community.
view all first stories
 


 


 



first is a place where i belong


eduardo pineda
first robotics competition team 6647 "voltec robotics," monterrey, nuevo león, mexico

first robotics competition student
"i had a feeling that first® was the place where i belonged, and that feeling has never disappeared."
before i participated in first, i never saw myself with a career, many friends, or as a...

read full story
  

 


 



first ® & qualcomm: a pioneering partnership to inspire young innovators   

qualcomm incorporated
first strategic partner

first  sponsor
it’s a future understood by two like-minded organizations: today’s students will be the drivers of tomorrow’s breakthroughs. together, first ® and qualcomm incorporatedtm are...

read full story
  



discover the impact of first
learn about the power of first and how we've fostered meaningful change in our community.
view all first stories
 
 









 


always be in the know by subscribing to our newsletter


subscribe





in the media
hear what people are saying about first.
read first news

















first updates
stay up to date on the latest events and conversations in the first community. 
find more updates






jan
04





press release: first ® unveils new season challenge, reefscapesm presented by haas, for first ® robotics competition teams as part of first divesm presented by qualcomm season 








feb
05





newsletter: save the date for “rule breakers” – feature film inspired by true first®  story








jun
26





community blog: 
first championship updates: 2025 & beyond






 






 
 
















brand
contact us
donate
find local support
first store
legal notices
privacy policy
site map
report a concern
press & photos
subscribe to newsletter
payment terms & refund policy


© 2025 for inspiration and recognition of science and technology (first)  a 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization



 

































  




