    cataracts kansas city | retinal specialist independence | sabates   
         covid-19: read about our safety measures before you arrive. click here. 913-261-2020 bill pay request appointment online storeabout ustestimonialseducation & trainingreferralscareersnewsour doctorsophthalmologistsoptometristsoculofacial plastics nurse practitionerservicescataractsretinaglaucomacorneadry eyecosmeticsoculofacial plastic surgeryneuro-ophthalmologyocular immunologycancer of the eyeglasses & contactspatient resourcesinsuranceformspatient portalbill payreviewslocationsindependenceleawoodnorthlandst. josephst. luke’s plazauniversity healthuniversity health – lakewoodumkc department of ophthalmologycontact uspatient portalonline storesee life'sbig moments learn more about uswelcome tosabates eye centersfor more than 55 years, we have built this practice around helping people see their best. that means providing the best specialists for each part of the eye and every type of vision problem. from physicians at the top of their field, along with staff always delivering five star patient care.see what makes the difference!from general eye care to the most advanced surgeries and treatments, our ophthalmologists aren't just the leaders in eye care. they're educators training the next generation of eye doctors. so you know you're getting the eye care you deserve. serving eight kansas city locations. come see the best.feel free to call or text us at 913-261-2020 or click here to request an appointment.visit our online store today!products hand selected by our specialists to benefit your eye health. shop vitamins, eye drops, dry eye care, contact lens care and more.24/7 conveniencedelivered directly to your doornever run out of eyecare products again!shop nowretinaour retina specialty group are leaders in clinical care, research and education. we have trained many of the ophthalmologists in this region – the next generation of eye doctors. our group of retinal specialists diagnose and treat various different retinal diseases and conditions, many of which share common symptoms and require complex treatments. the goal is always to stop or slow the disease and preserve, improve or restore vision. learn more about the retina cataract glaucoma cornea dry eye cosmetic & reconstructiveplastic surgerylook better. feel better. at eyestheticswe all want to look younger. natural signs of aging can make you appear tired or sad, or just look older than you feel.  self-confidence matters at every stage of life. cosmetic eye procedures – some surgical, some not – can improve how we see ourselves. sometimes, they can actually improve how we see. learn more about cosmetic surgeryneuro-ophthalmology& ocular immunologyneuro-ophthalmology, a subspecialty of both neurology and ophthalmology, is the treatment of visual problems that are related to the nervous system; that is, visual problems that do not come from the eyes themselves. we use almost half of the brain for vision-related activities.ocular immunology is a highly specialized branch of medicine devoted to diagnosing and treating patients with inflammatory eye diseases. these diseases can slightly reduce vision or lead to severe vision loss. learn more about neuro-ophthalmologytestimonialswhat our patients saywhat a caring place. from the staff checking you in, all the nurses working there, and the doctors. dr. camejo is awesome. sometimes it hard to find a place where everyone is concerned with your health, and eye health is very important. this place is it. thank youlinda fryi don’t feel like a number. every one is friendly and does their job.evelyn summersdr. hollins is extremely personable and explains things so well. it was a great experience- an efficient appointment that didn't feel rushed. will recommend to family and will be back!katiethis a very professional, friendly, efficient eye clinic. dr lyon is the best ophthalmologist i have ever encountered. he has a great personality too!joyce vancrumour blog march 1, 20217 ways to protect your eyes from age-related macular degenerationage-related macular degeneration (amd) is one of the leading causes of blindness over age 50, affecting about 2.1 million people nationwide. learn how to protect your eyes from amd. amd is a degenerative disease that happens when part of the retina called the macula is damaged. it’s the part of the eye that delivers sharp, […]read more  march 1, 2021protect your eyes from too much screen timeresearch found that the average office worker spends 1,700 hours per year in front of a computer screen! and that doesn’t include our addiction to phones and other digital devices. all this screen time has led to an increase in complaints of eye strain, dry eye, headaches and insomnia. during workplace eye wellness month in […]read more our locationsindependence4741 s. arrowhead driveindependence, mo 64055leawood11261 nall avenueleawood, ks 66211northland5811 n.w. barry roadkansas city, mo 64154st. joseph1329 village drivest. joseph, mo 64506st. luke's plaza4320 wornall rd medical plaza 1, suite 220 kansas city, mo 64111university health2101 charlotte streetkansas city, mo 64108lakewoodat university health7900 lee’s summit roadkansas city, mo 64139umkc department of ophthalmologyeye foundation of kansas city2101 charlotte streetkansas city, mo 64108©2025 all rights reserved. designed by glacial multimedia, inc. ©accessibility disclaimer | privacy policy | disclaimer search the site:   about us our doctors services patient resources locations no surprises act contact us call or text 913-261-2020 1-800-742-0020    the material contained on this site is for informational purposes only and is not intended to be a substitute for professional medical advice, diagnosis, or treatment. always seek the advice of your physician or other qualified health care provider.if you are using a screen reader and are having problems using this website, please call 913-261-2020.back to top      please ensure javascript is enabled for purposes of website accessibility  