







ac green yf




































 








skip to content










who we are

the foundation

letter from a.c. green


about a.c. green

articles by ac
appearances
a.c. green in the congressional record




what we do

leadership program
abstinence

reasons to wait
faqs
frequently told lies
stats and facts
curriculum




blog

abstinence
news
character
role models
you speak
advice


get involved

partners and supporters
store

game plan workbook


make a donation


contact us
 












a.c. green
learn about his heart for youth

click to begin 





leadership program
learning life and leadership

click to begin 





stop and think
your tomorrow depends on it

click to begin 




 








 what we do



 


leadership programs

every year we sponsor approximately hundreds of youth to attend our leadership basketball programs.  we develop the potential of children who might otherwise be forgotten.






 


abstinence education

to abstain means to choose not to do something. we encourage the youth we serve to abstain from anything that might hinder their purpose, dreams and goals.






 


mentoring

we are committed to helping youth succeed, and we provide mentoring services through our programs, a.c. green’s appearances, articles, and social media.




													read more 											
do you want to… 
 


learn about our president and founder, a.c. green


meet a.c. green



 


...or maybe learn more about our history?


view our history



 nba “iron man” a.c. green




 


committed

a.c. green established the foundation in 1989 to help young people build self-esteem and character, and learn moral and ethical principles.






 


educated

a.c. green graduated from oregon state university with a degree in speech communication.






 


dedicated

during his all star career in the nba, a.c. green played in 1,192 straight games, earning the nba “iron man” title.






 


recognized

a.c. green was recognized in the house of representatives’ congressional record of october 26, 1999, as a role model for youth across america.






 


champion

a.c. green won three championships with the los angeles lakers spanning three decades (in 1987, 1988, and 2000).





													learn more about a.c. green											




our history 
 



																					a.c. green joins the nba																			
1985
with the 23rd overall pick in the draft, the los angeles lakers select a.c. green out of oregon state university.


 





 


first leadership camp

1985
driven by his vision to help youth, a.c. green held the first of approximately 200 camps four years before the official launch of the a.c. green youth foundation.







																					a.c. green wins his first nba championship																			
1987
the los angeles lakers defeat the boston celtics four games to two.


 





 


																					a.c. green wins his second nba championship																			
1988
the los angeles lakers defeat the detroit pistons four games to three.







																					a.c. green youth foundation is launched																			
1989
its goal is to help young people build self-esteem and character, and learn moral and ethical principles which will help them make responsible decisions.


 





 


																					a.c. green wins his third nba championship																			
2000
the los angeles lakers defeat the indiana pacers four games to two.







																					a.c. green retires																			
2001
after 16 seasons, a.c. green retires as the nba “iron man,” having played in 1,192 straight games.  the streak began on november 19, 1986.


 





 


																					a.c. green youth foundation celebrates 25 years																			
2014
it has been 25 years since the a.c. green youth foundation opened its doors.







years
26





camps
200





ac's iron man streak
1192





youth in america
74


pictures see allac in action
campers

 in their words 


everyone needs to learn about all of the things you talked about. . . . you coming has changed my outlook totally on life.






i really found your speech the other day inspiring.  it changed my whole perspective on the whole sex situation and on peer pressure. . . . you came straight out and told us the truth.  






20 years from now i’m going to write you and say thank you, thank you for helping me reach my goal. so if you would like to come to my school again please do so because you were wonderful.








who we are
we believe that young people must develop morally, ethically, educationally, physically, and mentally to fulfill their dreams and goals in life.  to educate and equip youth, we offer the following programs:
 leadership camps abstinence & character curriculum mentoring learn more

join our team
the foundation provides a system of support and education for youth who recognize that the decisions they make today will directly impact their tomorrow. but we need your help.  your support enables us to:
 teach basketball and leadership skills to underprivileged youth. equip young people to choose what they want most, not what they want in the moment.  come alongside these young people and provide guidance and support. donate today!
 


want to know more about the foundation? curious what else we do?


learn more




a few of our sponsors 

 

 

 

 

 

 latest news



 

important announcement regarding acgyf summer programs to family, friends, and supporters of the a.c. green youth foundation: for more than 30 years, i have looked forward to being with you every summer, learning together about sports, […]





 

a.c. green supports boys & girls clubs of america the following statement can be attributed to former nba all-star a.c. green, who on thursday attended an event in manhattan beach for the boys & girls clubs of america: “i […]





 

a.c. green youth foundation partners with american cardiovascular group to protect student athletes press release: january 17, 20017 (download the press release) los angeles –  one student-athlete dies every three days. former nba all-star a.c. green and his los angeles-based youth foundation are partnering with […]


see all our news
 fb
twitter
instagram

 








get in touch     a.c. green youth foundation
         904 silver spur rd., ste. # 416         rolling hills, ca 90274

     1.800.ac.youth
         310.465.1470 (phone)

    info@acgreen.com
 

our mission to serve both youth and the communities in which they live by providing information about sexual abstinence and social issues that concern our young people and educating them to make responsible choices to prepare them for their future.
 

social media a.c. green youth foundation:

       

a.c. green: 

              

 

search

search for:



 





							© 2024 a.c. green youth foundation. all rights reserved. terms & conditions | privacy policy 














