

























washington state wine commission






























































skip to main content







close


search website










search


login







visit & explore

back
visit & explore home



plan your visit

wa wine map
wine-touring regions
wa wine directory



get to know us

fast facts
american viticultural areas
grapes, soil, & sun
vintages
history






events & programs

back
see all events & programs here



events

wa wine month
taste washington
auction of washington wines



programs

road trip
trade & industry programs
target markets
sommlight
sustainable wa
breaking ground






stories











research & innovation

back
all research resources



about

history & funding
wine science center
wave program



resources

grants
research library
get involved






resources


international


press










unparalleled


get to know why washington is the most exciting wine region in the world.



















        eccentrics, mavericks, ideologues, rockers, chemists, poets, traditionalists, upstarts, lifers, dabblers—there’s a little of everything up here.
      

—amy glynn, paste magazine
        












discover the character of wa wine

“you need to be thoughtful about what you are doing, stay true to who you are, and be open about it.” — matt reilly

matt reilly is a wwcc ev alumni and co-founder/co-winemaker at prospice in walla walla, wa. this is our conversation on how an architect swaps out blueprints for punch downs while chasing balance, in the bottle.   dorian williams: could you update some basic information, like the date of graduation from the…









“the people you meet in this industry are fascinating.” — devyani gupta



										malachi veal (mv): can you please update me on some basic information, including your date of graduation from the ev program, current…
                  







“i love going to work every day.” — salvador jimenez



										rick swanson: can you please update me on some basic information: date of ev graduation, current employer and position, social media handles,…
                  







“there’s room for everybody” — beth law



										tom lubbesmeyer (tl): can you please update me on some basic information, including your date of graduation from the ev program,…
                  



more stories










            press release
          

            sustainable wa partners with salmon-safe
          


          the washington wine industry announced an exciting partnership between the state’s sustainability certification for winegrapes – sustainable wa – and salmon-safe, a leading u.s. regional eco-label focused on watershed protection.
        

download press release














feature post



                          experience
                      
introducing map my wa wine


the guide to your next glass. we are thrilled to introduce our brand new mobile app, map my wa wine, which is available on all ios and android devices. with this handy tool, you can easily search our 1,000+ wineries, tasting rooms, and vineyards, and plan your next sip.

download now



























about wa wine


our team


our board


our partners


contact us




international program


community standards


brand guidelines


privacy policy








facebook


twitter


instagram





  washington state wine commission


			1201 western avenue, suite 450 
seattle, wa 98101-3402
		

			(206) 667-9463
		

 info@washingtonwine.org




















