















      counseling center: san marcos & round rock campuses
      
      : texas state university
    





















































































skip to content








search













counseling
self help
outreach
training










home


counseling center: san marcos & round rock campuses




make an appointmentother consultations (faculty, staff, parent, friend)self-help & resourceseducational outreachabout the counseling center






counseling
self help
outreach
training


current students
faculty & staff
family & visitors
alumni


athletics
give
library
round rock
news













division of student success

counseling center: san marcos & round rock campuses




counseling center: san marcos & round rock campuses







welcome to the counseling centerthe counseling center supports the wellbeing and resiliency of students as they navigate life while enrolled at texas state university. services include consultation, crisis response, brief counseling, prevention activities and educational workshops/webinars.watch president damphousse and our staff talk about mental health awareness month and the important services offered by the counseling center at the san marcos and round rock campuses.→



about the counseling center


make a donation








play video













make an appointment














counseling center services consultation & counseling











other consultationsfaculty, staff, parent, friend












crisis/urgent support 512-245-2208











resource coordinationfinding counseling in the community










group counseling-

              read more here about our groups!  we are enrolling now for spring 2025!!  call to schedule a group consultation and learn more!  512-245-2208
            







texas state university has partnered with timelycare, a service that offers free, on-demand virtual mental health services directly to our students via use of the timelycare app. 






























outreach and self-help

upcoming eventscheck out outreach events here!



educational outreach


self-help

















sleep tip tuesdays
life has a way of interfering with sleep or getting to bed at a reasonable time. you can fix your sleep but figuring it out on your own can take time and cause a lot of unnecessary frustration.click here to sign-up and view the sleep-tip archive!















mindful minutes check out our mindful minutes using our slideshow to the right. click on the button below to visit learn to know the now mindfulness page to explore ways to practice mindfulness in your daily life.  




nowcats








previous slide
next slide



watercolor background with text that reads today, stop and recognize a piece of nature (e.g., a flower, rain cloud, rain drops, a tree, a breeze) by utilizing and processing it through each of your senses.


green leaves with green background with text that reads today on your way to class or work pause to take a moment and observe two new plants


purple and pink image that reads explore somewhere new on campus such as an area you've never been to or a bench you've never sat on.


ocean and beach image with text that reads when relaxing in your room, close your eyes for 5 mins and visualize your favorite vacation. identify the sounds and sights of your favorite vacation spot.


image with guitars and music equipment with text that reads while listening to your favorite music playlist, bring awareness to the emotions you're experiencing.




pause slider

















































use left and right arrow keys to interact with slideshow













training programsthe texas state university counseling center offers several clinical training opportunities for graduate students in professional psychology.  all placements begin in the fall semester, with orientation activities occurring in august.graduate practicum training programinternship in health service psychologypostdoctoral residency










play video


welcome to the txst counseling center training program!what are you waiting for? come join us! it's a great day to be a bobcat!!












accreditation

the texas state university counseling center is accredited by the international association of counseling services. the predoctoral internship program offered at the texas state university counseling center is accredited by the american psychological association and is a member of the association of psychology postdoctoral and internship centers.

















































counseling center: san marcos & round rock campuses


counseling centerphone:  512-245-2208fax:  512-245-2234hours:  8am-5pm, monday-fridaycounselingcenter@txstate.edu san marcos campus:lbj student center rm. 507601 university drivesan marcos, texas  78666-4684 round rock campusnursing bldg, student health center, rm. 1161555 university blvd.round rock, tx  78665-8017 concealed carry is restricted in the counseling center.  for more information, please go to https://www.txst.edu/campuscarry 


site map


instagramtwitterfacebook






                  counseling center resources
                  
                

                  counseling center resources
                

make an appointment

other consultations (faculty, staff, parent, friend)

resource coordination

about the counseling center

crisis/urgent support:  512-245-2208






                counseling center resources
                

                counseling center resources
                



self help

outreach

training programs

make a donation to the counseling center

timelycare















about texas state
careers
emergency info
apply
legal







            back to top
          









search terms

start search



select search scope



                      this site
                    




                      all texas state
                    




close search dialog








beginning of video dialog content

close video




previous video
next video

end of video dialog content




