

compare cell phone deals & international cellphone plans at all world cell phones


































 home




 wireless 
        from inside the usa




  compare u.s. cell phone deals




  prepaid 
        cell phone plans



  prepaid 
      cell phone refill cards


  no 
      contract cell phone plans




  cell 
        phone calls to overseas




 wireless 
        from outside the usa




  international 
        cell phone plans




  
      global prepaid sim cards


  
      japan cell phones


  
      handheld 
      satellite phones



  mobile 
        international calling



  
      canada cell phone plans 


  
      uk 
      mobile phone plans 



 related 
        products & services





  download 
        ringtones




  wireless 
        internet service




  pdas




  us 
        & international calling plans




  billed 
        & prepaid calling cards




  uwt 
        callback service




  helpful info & resources




 




 












compare cell phone deals at all world cell phones 
          for the best u.s. wireless service offers as well as money-saving 
          international cell phone 
          plans. we have partnered with all the major providers of cellular 
          and digital pcs service to bring you the largest assortment of cellphone 
          plans on the internet. new plans and deals are added regularly so check 
          back often if you don't see a cellular plan that meets your particular 
          needs!







u.s. cellular / wireless phone plans


 comparison shop postpaid u.s. cell phone plans & phones



begin 
                      your cell phone plan search:

all world cell phones is proud to do business with the 
                      leading wireless phone companies; all of which have agreed 
                      to lower their cell phone rates for visitors of this web 
                      site. 
                       here are just a few of the wireless companies whose 
                        cell phone plans are offered through our site. 
                    










































 



 u.s. prepaid and no contract cell phone plans


if you are unable to qualify for post-paid 
                    cell phone service, or you simply prefer to avoid committing 
                    to a long-term contract, you can still enjoy all of the benefits 
                    and features of regular postpaid cell phone service by taking 
                    advantage of our selection of prepaid 
                    cellular and no 
                    contract pay-as-you-go cell phone services.














international cell phone services


 international cell phone service for travellers - prepaid international cell phones and service




traveling abroad and you want to 
                        be able to make cell phone calls from overseas? you may 
                        be surprised to learn that the vast majority of cell phones 
                        in use in the united states do not work outside of north 
                        america. not only that, but those u.s. based cell phone 
                        services that do allow you to make calls from overseas 
                        charge outrageous "international roaming" fees. 
                        most international cell phone rentals also have extremely 
                        high per minute rates.
fortunately, there is a better and 
                        much less expensive alternative: prepaid 
                        international cell phone service

                      with prepaid international wireless, you're always in control 
                      of how much you spend and, since there are no monthly bills, 
                      you can decide ahead of time how much you or your business 
                      will spend on cell phone calls. global travelers, by leveraging 
                      local prepaid wireless products enjoy even more savings 
                      by avoiding: 


high roaming charges

                          international cell phone roaming charges can be outrageous! 
                          by using an unlocked gsm world phone with a prepaid 
                          sim card you can avoid these ridiculously high fees.
and ...


rental fees

                          when you rent you are charged a flat rate for the mobile 
                          phone and a ridiculously high usage rate per minute. 
                          if you buy a gsm cell phone it will pay for itself after 
                          your first trip!

tell 
                      me more about prepaid international cell phone service!



 mobile phones and mobile phone service for uk, australia and germany residents


in addition to offering international 
                    cell phone plans for travellers, we are now able to offer 
                    great deals on mobile phone service for residents of the united 
                    kingdom, australia and germany. click 
                    here for details!









want to make cheap international 
          calls from your cell phone? we have solutions!
cell phone international rates are typically astronomical. 
          due to the vast range of tariffs and different savings options associated 
          with mobile phone plans, most people are unaware of their own pricing 
          plans and thus wind up paying much higher rates than necessary 
          for their overseas calls. using portable dial-around service (from the 
          u.s.) or international callback (from outside of the u.s.) allows cell 
          phone users to make cheap international calls at traditionally lower 
          fixed voice plan rates or even better. the savings can often be as high 
          as 90%!









 money 
                    saving plans for placing international calls from cell phones



 discount international long distance for usa cell phone users


 discount international long distance for usa cell phone users (prepaid service)






to use tel3advantage prepaid phone 
                      service, all you have to do is register your cell phone 
                      number and then you can make all the international calls 
                      you want while enjoying some of the lowest rates available 
                      anywhere. tel3advantage rates start as low as 1.9¢ 
                      per minute and you can make calls to over 200 countries 
                      for less than a 10¢ a minute (local access). click 
                      here for details!



 international calling savings for usa cell phone users (postpaid service)



are you a mobile phone user in the usa with an unlimited 
                    national calling plan? if so, this is a great plan for you. 
                    us mobile connect's low international rates are often as much 
                    as 90% less than those offered with most cell phone plans. 
                    to use this service you simply call uwt's miami-based (area 
                    code 305) local access number*. if you have a national unlimited 
                    calling plan, your mobile provider won't charge you for this 
                    call. click 
                    here for details!
*toll-free number access is also available for an additional 
                      3.2¢ per minute.



us mobile 
                            connect rates compared with sprint pcs and nextel




per minute rates from usa to:


uk


germany


japan


china


brazil




sprint pcs


$0.49


$0.63


$0.78


$1.59


$1.01




nextel


$0.39


$0.39


$0.49


$1.99


$0.69




us mobile connect


$0.06


$0.04


$0.08


$0.07


$0.13




% saved versus sprint pcs**


89%


93%


90%


96%


87%




                    **percentage saved presumes unlimited national long distance 
                    cellular plan!


 discount international long distance for mobile phone users anywhere in the world


 callback service - worldwide availability and ideal for use with mobile phone plans w/free incoming minutes (postpaid service)


international callback service 
                    is often an excellent option for those who need to place international 
                    calls from wireless phones (or any other phones) when outside 
                    of the u.s.a. click 
                    here for details!








  



  home 
  | u.s. long distance service 
  | local phone service 
  providers | international 
  long distance from the u.s.a. | international 
  calling from around the world | phone 
  cards | dial around services 
  | international call back services 
  | 1010 numbers | unlimited 
  internet phone service | cell phone 
  plans | conference calling 
  | business 
  long distance | dedicated t1 service 
  | toll-free number services 
  | dial-up 
  internet access and dsl service | computers/electronics 
  products | helpful 
  news and information


wireless and cellular news



all world cell phones resources directory


other useful web pages



e-mail: care@allworldcellphones.com

© 2002-2008 allworldcellphones.com - all rights reserved



 


about us|privacy|terms and conditions 


get international currency exchange rates with the xe.com personal currency assistant!













