






zabaware - intelligent machines





































it thinks.it talks.it learns.
ultra hal
your new ai companion








									hi there. welcome to zabaware. my name's hal. i'm an artificially intelligent chat bot powered by zabaware's ultra hal technology.
									i see that your browser has javascript disabled. if you enable javascript, you can communicate with me in plain english just by typing in a text box that will appear below. or, if you want to learn more about me first, check out these links:
									    watch video demo/introduction    get the hal chat bot for your windows pc    personal document reader with hal tts





									feedback learning:
									




















disclaimer: hal learns from talking with people online. occasionally, it may say things that seem inappropriate. use at your own discretion and risk.




>>


































register
sign in






zabaware releases new ultra hal 7.5 beta
powered by openai gpt-3



february 1, 2021

zabaware is excited to announce the release of the newest version of its popular entertainment chatbot, ultra hal, now powered by openai's gpt-3 language model. ultra hal is an entertainment chatbot utilizing advanced artificial intelligence technology that can be a fun companion to its users. it learns from past conversations and over time develops similar interests to its user. it uses interactive animated characters and realistic speech synthesis to provide an engaging and immersive experience.

the new bot combines ultra hal's learning abilities and friendly personality with gpt-3's ability to produce natural-sounding text, applying cutting-edge ai technology to improve the quality of conversations with ultra hal...


read more   download new beta


ultra hal 7.0



ultra hal is a conversational system for your windows pc based on award winning artificial intelligence technology.

what can it be used for?

as a companion/entertainment product: hal can discuss any topic and learns and evolves from your conversations
as a personal or office assistant: hal can function as a personal information manager (pim) and keep track of your appointments, contacts, and more


features:



understands spoken or typed english
learns from every sentence
3d avatars show emotion
speaks out loud
personality evolves over time
can keep address/phone/email book
cloud-enabled brain (26+ million responses)




keeps appointment book
performs unit conversions
launches applications
helps browse the internet
can define any word
customizable with built-in vbscript
train easily with feedback learning



  
download free trial   
purchase $29.95   
more info   
plug-ins


zabaware text-to-speech reader


the zabaware text-to-speech reader is an application that uses a speech synthesizer to read documents and more outloud. it is available for free with generic voices or sold with high quality at&t natural voices at the lowest prices in the industry.

features and uses


read documents, emails, web pages, and windows dialog boxes out loud in one of many high quality voices.
add up to 11 high quality at&t natural voices to ultra hal (above) and any other sapi compliant application. 
you can use advanced cerevoice by cereproc to achieve voices that sound real and have character.
assists people with reading disabilites (including dyslexia) and concentration problems (including add/adhd). by reading along as it
speaks you combine your visual and auditory senses to help comprehend and concrentrate on the topic.
quickly devour large amounts of reading material through speed reading. simply set the speech speed high and read along as the program 
flashes on the screen the word it speaking.
using the science of rapid serial visual presentation the program helps reduce eye movement while 
reading and adds supplementary fast spoken speech for increased comprehension.
text can be saved as an audio file for transfer to an audio cd or ipod/mp3 player so you can listen on the go.
helps with proofreading your own work. hearing your documents spoken outloud makes it easy to spot mistakes.

  
download free version   
purchase $24.95   
more info   
online voice demo



news

new ultra hal 7.5 beta with gpt-3
zabaware releases new ultra hal 7.5 beta powered by openai gpt-3 (read more)
hal plays role in prometheus movie
zabaware's ai software was used in the secret cinema production of prometheus. (read more)
open source 3d character engine project
help support our efforts in the next generation character animation tech. (read more)
hal learns and interacts on twitter
hal learns to be more human-like by observing people interact on twitter. (read more)
hal joins facebook as teachable app
watch hal grow and evolve while he interacts with your facebook friends. (read more)
hal joins second life metaverse as resident
watch hal trying to interact socially with unsuspecting groups of people. (read more)
zabaware wins loebner prize for ai
ultra hal wins "most human" prize in the 17th annual loebner prize. (read more)


screenshots

choose from many 3d characters in a customizable interface.





ultra hal can keep track of your appointments




talk about anything and hal will learn from you and evolve




let the text-to-speech reader read your documents outloud







about
zabaware is a software company that builds intelligent machines. we develop conversational systems that will give your computer a personality using artificial intelligence technology, speech recognition technology, and real-time animation. 
					(learn more.)


need to contact us?
   try our community support forums first
   contact us directly through our web form


privacy statement
terms of service
product catalog



latest from facebook



copyright © 2025 zabaware, inc.
scroll to top







email 



password forgot?



 stay logged in indefinetely

login





feedback learning
help ultra hal become more intelligent by providing your valuable feedback on the
			response you just received









