


songdevotions






















    
	songdevotions
	
  


using contemporary songs to illuminate scripture and life





thursday, june 02, 2005



	 

	 "new pagan love song" by paul brill
	 
    


 today’s song: “new pagan love song” by paul brill, from the album, new pagan love songfor full album review, click here.1. when leaves are coloredthat means they’re dyingthe most beautiful dream i saw trees with dying leavesleaves could not hold the sun2. love your neighbors and friendslove all your enemies since they’re innocentend of the summer give back some of what you’re givensomewhere it says, “you give thanks for what you’re thankful for.”chorusdancing is not enoughkill your virgins just to shut you upsomething’s died, it gives life, something else is risen,volcano’s dead,you give thanks for what you’ve got right now.3. bless your daughters and sonsindian summer has comeburn your fortresses downend of the summer give back some of what you’re givensomebody said, “you give thanks for what you’re thankful for.”chorus 2dancing is not enoughkill your virgins just to shut you upsummer’s died, you give thanks for what you’ve got right now.this is not enoughkill your virgins just to shut you upsomething’s died, it gives life, something else is risen,volcano’s dead,you give thankful for what you’re given,volcano’s dead,you give thanks for what you’ve got right now.by paul brill, © 2004 scarlet shame records.  published by malayalam music/omondi songs (ascap).behind the music1. stanzas 1 & 2, how do the reflections about death relate to references to the commands of jesus?2. stanza 2, in luke 6:37, jesus says, “love your enemies.  do good to those who curse you.”  how does that compare to the line in stanza 2?3. chorus, child sacrifice and virgin sacrifice were two ways that pagans appeased their gods (pagan referring to those who didn’t believe in the god of the jews and/or in christ).  how does this song seem to agree with the emptiness of such a practice of killing virgins for the gods?  what about the practice of making a sacrifice to a volcano?connect with scripture: ezekiel 23:36-39[36] the lord said to me: "son of man, will you judge oholah and oholibah? declare to them their abominations.  [37] for they have committed adultery, and blood is on their hands. with their idols they have committed adultery, and they have even offered up to them for food the children whom they had borne to me.  [38] moreover, this they have done to me: they have defiled my sanctuary on the same day and profaned my sabbaths.  [39] for when they had slaughtered their children in sacrifice to their idols, on the same day they came into my sanctuary to profane it. and behold, this is what they did in my house.  english standard version, copyright(c) 2000; 2001 by crossway bibles. all rights reserved.4. chorus, how is the chorus similar or different than what god says to the israelites in ezekiel when god talks to them about following some of these pagan practices?5. chorus, "dancing is not enough” seems to be reference to needing to do more to please the gods than just dance.  why do people sometimes feel that believing in christ isn't enough to find salvation?6. chorus, what does giving thanks have to do with omitting acts which go against god’s word?7. chorus, brill says, “something’s died, it gives life, something else is risen.”  explain how this line could be about christ.8. stanza 3, what does the end of summer have to do with burning down your fortresses and giving back some of what you’re given?9. what are you thankful for?  how does remembering your list of thanksgivings also help you focus on your faith in christ?10. this song uses a lot of references to seasons.  use those seasons to talk about your faith in christ (e.g.: “my faith is sometimes like indian summer; it seems warm but it gets cold quickly”).11. what are the pagan practices that creep into your life, tempting you to stop focusing on christ alone?12. how does it give you comfort to remember that even though you sin, “something else is risen” in you through christ?13. seeing that this song could be urging people away from pagan practices towards following christ, how could you understand it to be a love song to pagans?  what is loving about telling someone to stop their religion in favor of christ?creditsby paul brill© 2004 scarlet shame records. published by malayalam music/omondi songs (ascap).for full album review, click here.



â© 2006 benjamin c. squires permanent link to this post







about

presenting christian devotions based on songs (rock, folk, etc.) with reflections from scripture.  

songdevotions pages

songdevotions home
songdevotions artist index
songdevotions bible index

songdevotions links

music spectrumwritings about music & faith
pastor squires' sermons
email benjamin squires

credits

if you use these devotions for bible studies or other groups, please conact me (email link above).  you must include the following line: "copyright (c) 2006 by the rev. benjamin c. squires" and also include all copyright information of the current artist.

artist information

see each individual post.  please respect copyright laws and seek permission before reprinting lyrics.

previous posts

"new pagan love song" by paul brill
"when the music is over" by the doors
"going in the right direction" by robert randolph ...
"i have forgiven jesus" by morrissey
"out of time" by r.e.m.
"i am a man of constant sorrow" (traditional) perf...
"help with these blues" by blues explosion
"four candles" by jonathan rundman (4th sunday in ...
"let a good thing go" by gemma hayes
"betty's diner" by carrie newcomer











 
your e-mail:






















find music spectrum writings at youthesource

a youth ministry webzine of bible studies, articles, game ideas, reviews, etc.


regularly contributing labels/agencies

american roots publishing
americana media productions
acuarela discos
asthmatic kitty records
astralwerks
atlantic records
baryon records
big hassle
capitol records
carpark records
cross driven records
dualtone
echo music
elevate records
essential records
fanatic promotion
flat and black records
full light records
gigante media
gorgeous pr
greentrax recordings
islpr public relations
just music
lex records
lotos nile media
msopr
mute records
narnack records
nashville publicity
new west records
northernblues music
95north records
or music
palm pictures
parasol
planetary group
provident label group
righteous babe
rhino
rough trade
runway network
ryko music
salt lady records
sanctuary records group
sounds familyre
special ops media
team clermont
theory 8 records
telarc
transmit sound
tvt records
unschooled
vanguard records
wampus records
warp records
wind-up records
zip records

unique visitor count


 




 





