



	genopro - genealogy software

















genopro home 
                                |  
                                    web publishing tips  |  
buy  |  login  | 
                                        
directory
  |  support 
                                                    |  
                                                        site map








newest reportstest/ by 2446063klebercz by kldreport by 2551676report by 2553577httpfamilytrees.genopro.c by 2550598view more...updated reportsvanzas and darjis of diu by gvkortvelyesi/ by 373407kortvelyeklebercz by kldgenoproreport/ by ddvmather by surreyjohnview more...biggest reports2582920/ by azraeltolleson/ by 22088673166350/ by azrael2920331/ by azrael2637493/ by azraelview more...most pictured reports868100/ by ошкуковасoshkukov/ by ошкуковасгимгин by тугулымmather by surreyjohnterkelanderik/ by bonjedwardview more...



        related pages
registration
report geneator
introduction



download


search: 

        welcome to genopro family trees!

        genopro offers a free service for publishing genealogy online. if you are looking to
        publish your family tree and pictures on the web, but are somewhat confused about
        how to get started, genopro offers you an easy solution. with a few clicks of the
        mouse, you can publish your complete family tree to our server familytrees.genopro.com.

        how does it work?

        this feature is built-in to genopro's report generator. when generating an html
        report, select the option to publish your report to our server instead on your local
        drive or website. genopro will upload your html pages, family tree and pictures
        to your account on our server.

benefits of publishing to familytrees.genopro.com:


it's free! you are not required to own a website or to pay a subscription
                for web hosting in order to host your html pages. we already own the infrastructure
                to host all your pages.it's easy to use! it only takes a few mouse clicks and a few keystrokes to
                get on your way. no prior web hosting knowledge is required to make it work.
                
                for those who wish to publish on their own web server, you are welcome to read our   
technical documentation to configure your web server.it's fast! our built-in publisher protocol uses compression and other advanced
                caching techniques, making it faster to publish with us than publishing via ftp.it's ad-free! we do not plan to insert any advertising either. rather, we
                hope you will create links to our site, bringing us more visitors who may become
                fellow genopro customers. 
it's a reliable backup!  each report contains a copy of your family
                tree.  if your hard disk crashes, you can recover by re-downloading your family
                tree from our server.there is no quota!  there is no limit on the number of pages and pictures,
                as long as your published content is related to genealogy and is web-friendly.

        where's the catch?

        you may become a genealogy addict using our software.

        guidelines:

        you are welcome to publish as many pages as you wish, provided the content is related
        to genealogy and is web-friendly.  in other words, don't upload a 20-mb true-color
        bitmap while you can store the same picture in the jpeg format for only 200 kb. 
        if you have a [large] family tree having one million individuals and thousand
        of pictures, you are welcome to publish it to 
            http://familytrees.genopro.com/.  in fact, we will be happy to assist
        you by optimizing the report generator and our web publisher protocol to
        handle such large trees.  try to keep pictures to less than 300 kb so they
        are easy to download by our visitors.  in the future, we will write a tool
        (robot) to scan the published reports to send an email message if a picture
        is too large and/or automatically re-sample (shrink) the picture.

        if you upload files containing applications, games or other non-genealogy content,
        we will disable your account. we do not plan to police the content of your family
        report, however if we receive complaints of abuse, we will examine each complaint
        on a case-by-case basis.
         


        publishing your report on the web
    publishing your genealogy report to http://familytrees.genopro.com/
    is done via the report generator.  to invoke the report generator, click on
    the generate report toolbar icon
    
    to get the following dialog.

 

        generate an html report

        next, click on the button web publishing.  you will get the following
        dialog.  all you need is an account with us so our server can store your genealogy
        files in a database under your account.  there are three ways to get an account
        at genopro:

subscribe to our free newsletter.request a free 14-day evaluation
            key.click on the button create account and/or send password.



        creating an account is easy.  enter your email and optionally your username. 
        if you do not provide a username, we will generate a unique number as your username. 
        if your email is already in our database, we will send your password by email without
        changing anything to your account.  at anytime, you can change your username
        or email in the control panel of the support forum.

        the report generator uses your username to create a unique url for your family tree
        on the web.  for instance, if you pick mrspock as your username, then your
        genealogy report homepage will appear at 
            http://familytrees.genopro.com/mrspock/. genopro may use some username for
        specific genealogy trees, such as harry potter ( 
            http://familytrees.genopro.com/harry-potter/ ).



        that's it.  click on the generate button and genopro will do the rest
        of the work for you.



        to view, edit or delete your reports, use the 
            control panel of the support forum. 
    




        options for generating a report


        genopro offers many options for generating a report.  for instance, you may
        generate your report on your hard drive or on your own web server.  if you
        choose to generate a report on your own hard drive, click on the browse button and
        pick the folder you want to store your report.

        there are other options, such as the data source.  by default, genopro generates
        a report on the entire family tree, however you may want to generate a report for
        a specific sub-tree (named genomap).

        use the privacy options to exclude sensitive information from your report. 
        sensitive information may include date of birth, contact information and some special
        comments.

         

        more documentation is under way... if you have questions, suggestions or problems,
        you are welcome to post your comments to our support
            forum.

         






                                            help
              |  privacy





            copyright  1998-2013 genopro inc. all rights reserved. genopro and the genopro
            logo are trademarks of genopro inc.
        





