























harbour club villas & marina: provo's only villas on two waterfronts

























skip to main content































 


home
the villas
rates & reservations
activities

bonefishing
diving snorkelling & swimming
about us

guest reviews

 

request a quote























request a quote


menu













home
the villas
rates & reservations
activities

bonefishing
diving snorkelling & swimming
about us

guest reviews














        harbour club

 villas & marina 
        21° 45′ n, 72° 14′ w    
















        harbour club

 villas & marina 
        21° 45′ n, 72° 14′ w    















        welcome to turks and caicos    
        provo's beautiful southern shoreline, between two waterfronts     



escape to an unforgettable holiday experience with our unique villa accommodations in the enchanting turks and caicos islands. our six caribbean-style vacation villas are perfectly situated on two waterfronts, providing easy access to breathtaking beaches. immerse yourself in a rejuvenating stay as you unwind in our picturesque villas located on the serene south side of providenciales.






    
        specials & packages    
        




    
        make a reservation    
        











a taste of our island paradise

 







































        take a break and relax in our spacious open-plan vacation rentals    

 






                        drinks & bbq                    
our shaded tiki hut is the place for an ice cold beer, a bite to eat or a barbecue where an outdoor grill is available..










                        pool & patio                    
our pool and patio offers a comfortable retreat, a place to read a book or a rest in the sun.










                        activities                    
let this be your basecamp to island adventure! scuba diving, bonefishing, kitesurfing, sup, kayaks & more...










                        sunset view                    
enjoy the sunsets and starry nights away from the hustle and bustle of resort crowds.







    
        the villas    
        











        accommodation highlights:    


one-bedroom vacation villas, comfortably furnished with everything you need to enhance your caribbean holiday in the turks and caicos islands.




  
book with us online or, just call us toll free at  +1 888 240 0447 

 
  
on-site hosts with 20 years experience living on providenciales. 

 
  
spacious accommodation - larger than a regular hotel room. 

 
  
fully equipped kitchen and wifi  access in all villas. 

 
  
sleep from 4 to 24 people in our caribbean styled vacation villas. 







  
visit grace bay beach. rated #1 in the world, within a 10 minute drive. 

 
  
villas are a short walk to scuba-diving boats, departing from our marina daily. 

 
  
steps from guided, or d.i.y. bonefishing in 2 lakes, and the ocean flats. 

 
  
we have received the trip advisor certificate of excellence for the past 5 years running. 

 
  
eco-diverse with a huge variety of birds, lizards, flowers and palms. 













        beaches    harbour club villas, nestled in the heart of providenciales, not only offers a central location to the island's most breathtaking beaches but also boasts the unique advantage of having turtle tail beach within walking distance. this location is perfect for beach lovers eager to explore the diverse coastal landscapes that provo, turks and caicos islands, is famous for. from the serene and inviting waters of grace bay beach, celebrated for its pristine sands and excellent snorkeling and diving opportunities, to the adventurous kitesurfing and family-friendly swimming areas of long bay beach, harbour club villas is at the center of it all. guests can get out on a variety of beach experiences, from relaxing swims in crystal-clear waters to engaging in thrilling watersports, all while enjoying the convenience and proximity that harbour club provides to these hot spots!.


    
        beach map    
        













grace bay beach which is the #1 best beach in the world  and  only a ten minute drive from the villas  at harbour club.   






        bonefishing in turks and caicos:    
        discovering the ultimate angler's paradise at harbour club villas    harbour club is situated in front of flamingo lake, renowned for its exceptional bonefishing opportunities, our villas offer guests the chance to engage in thrilling catch and release fishing. with bonefish known for their remarkable strength, anglers are sure to experience the thrill of the hunt in these abundant waters.
our self catering holiday villas provide access to miles of shallow flats, perfect for fly fishing, where enthusiasts can indulge in their passion from dawn until dusk. head out on your own or seek the expertise of local guides.


    
        bonefishing    
        












with direct access to the world-famous bonefishing flats of flamingo lake. self guided, d.i.y. fishing at its best!






        diving & snorkeling    discover the underwater marvels of the turks and caicos islands at harbour club villas, the ultimate base camp for your diving adventures. our caribbean style vacation villas, with their self-catering amenities, water front views, and a private boat dock, provides easy access to the world’s third-largest barrier reef and dramatic vertical walls. divers and snorkelers can immerse themselves in the rich marine biodiversity, where every dive reveals a vibrant kaleidoscope of life, from the teeming reefs to the majestic migrations of humpback whales.


    
        diving & snorkeling    
        












spectacular underwater reef wildlife: fish, rays, sharks and even the occasional whale!























        address    harbour club villas & marina
p.o. box 77
36 turtle tail drive
providenciales
turks and caicos islands
british west indies


        contact    



  
make an online reservation 


 

  
this email address is being protected from spambots. you need javascript enabled to view it. 


 

  
toll free: +1 888 240 0447 


 

  
local: +1 649 941 5748 






        socials & more    
 










  
http://www.bonefishing.tc/ 


 

  
marta's blog 










  








©

 harbour club villas & marina, all rights reservedcreated and maintained by avanti-ict









 










 



