




empires heaven























empires heaven




menu

news

latest news
archives

downloads

download central

scenario design

design library
editor manual
eye candy thread
resource library

strategy

strategy central

forums

main page

f.a.q.

game faq

game information

features
epochs
resources
units
buildings
civilizations
civilization tables

media

gallery

press

interviews
sssi interviews
editorials
hg visits sssi

heavengames

main portal
age of empires
age of empires 3
age of kings
age of mythology
age of wonders
age of wonders 2
battle for middle earth 2
caesar 3
caesar 4
children of the nile
emperor:rotmk
empire at war
empire earth
empire: total war
empires: dotmw
medieval 2: total war
napoleon: total war
pharaoh
rise & fall:caw
rise of legends
rise of nations
rome: total war
stronghold
stronghold 2
sw:galactic battlegrounds
total war: shogun 2
zeus







welcome to empires heaven

want to learn more about empires: dawn of the modern world? view our up-to-date interviews section.
be sure to check our latest screenshots!
you have questions? we have answers! check our game faq.
check our detailed game information sections such as the units, buildings or civilizations sections.
participate in the empires heaven forums!



adding to the archives
posted by talon karrde on february 8, 2007
empires heaven began full of promise; it featured the second game from the talented bunch of people at sssi and it attracted the attentions of a goodly number of the best designers heavengames has ever played host to, designers like kor/derfel cadarn, andrew/mechstra, intrepid, gordon farrell and hank. in the early days this promise seemed to be fulfilled, as forum parties occurred every saturday and, though the design community was a small one, a disproportionally large amount of scenario design projects were made and a good few entered into empires heaven’s top rated. empires was a brilliant game and empires heaven was staffed by good people, yet somehow it slowly became less and less active. sssi stopped supporting the game and people began drifting away. this trend has continued to this very day, as only a couple of die-hards post regularly and even then, generally only in the community forum. thus, it is time for empires heaven to close. compared to some other heavens, it had had a short life; yet its life was that of a flare. at its height, it burned brightly and with vigor before slowly becoming dimmer and dimmer, until, now, it is finally being extinguished.
i’d to thank all the previous staff who’ve worked here at empires heaven for their contribution, either when i was only a forummer myself or during my own time as a staff member here. these fine people include seraphs park and intrepid, angel centurionz_1 and cherubs antiami and _o0xxx0o_. also, i must thank the great community that empires heaven had, and especially those few die-hards that remain for their fanaticism.
so what happens now? the site will be archived over the weekend, rendering the downloads and forums read-only. you can post your farewell notes here.









			empires heaven copyright © 2004 heavengames llc. all rights reserved.
			please see our disclaimer & privacy statements.
			empires: dawn of the modern world is a game by stainless steel studios and published by activision.
		















