bosley medical violations











consumer 
		warning about
		bosley hair clinics and bosley.com website






 


















a 
		non-profit site for consumers who want more information about hair loss 
		treatments. knowledge is power.                            
        
		=
		consumer red 
		flag




summary: the bosley hair restoration 
		business has been 
		the subject of numerous patient complaints, lawsuits, and violations 
		relating to its medical procedures, advertising, and business 
		practices. 









news:

bosley cheats! 

it turns out it fakes the 
		biggest part of its marketing

bosley admitted it exaggerates the effectiveness of 
		its treatments saying it uses special photography tricks and makeup to 
		enhance the "after" results shown in ads. this proves it doesn't 
		care about deceiving the public as long as it can lure customers 
		to meet its sales quotas.


although authorities 
		may require disclaimers to prevent consumers from being misled they 
		can be hidden in fine print.



'doctored' ads






new website: bosley may 
		soon be obsolete

anyone who is considering bosley or 
		hair restoration in general should check out the
		non-profit website bosleyreview.org.

the site 
		describes bosley's sales centric business model, how patients can be 
		forced into wigs or other treatments, and how 

bosley 
		hair transplants could soon become obsolete 
		if you believe its medical director (stem cell therapies).
 




		new site at 
		bosleyreview.org







study contradicts bosley marketing 
		claims

"the hair grafts transplanted may not last 
		permanently" is the conclusion of 
		an unbiased examination of the longevity of hair transplant results. in the largest 
		study of its kind 90% of patients experienced thinning or degrading hair 
		transplants after four years. "recipient site influences" were thought 
		to be partly to blame.

this is something bosley is well aware of 
		and many patients have experienced. the long term thinning and 
		disappearance of hair grafts has been acknowledged by leading members of 
		the ishrs, a society bosley subscribes to. here is the study link:
		
		https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmc8061642
 







bosley settles class 
		action lawsuit
from bloomberg law 11/22/2022: 
		"hair-restoration clinic bosley inc. will pay $500,000 to settle a 
		proposed class action arising from an august 2020 ransomware attack and 
		data
		breach that exposed the personal information of more than 100,000 
		people."
the plaintiffs (former 
		clients) said bosley lied about security measures and protecting their 
		information then committed fraud by concealing a data breach for months 
		because it was afraid it would hurt business. as a result bosley's 
		clients have a diminished value of pii and heightened risk of identity 
		theft for their lifetimes. 
despite this
the settlement averages out to a paltry $5 per person.

true to its nature of preferring to keep 
		customers in the dark bosley did not bother to provide an explanation or 
		honest accounting of what happened.
 see the 
lawsuit page 
		for more details about the case.



















the medical board finished its 
		investigation and reached a decision in this case resulting in 
		disciplinary action against bosley's 
		assistant medical director (see below).
investigation of 
		violations 
		(2018-2020)  the attorney general 
		and medical board of california filed a case for unlawful and 
		unethical conduct 
		at bosley


the 
		charges 
		included 
		violating the standard of care, repeated negligent acts, and aiding and 
		abetting the unlicensed practice of medicine.
more information available at 
www.mbc.ca.gov
		 





		make sure to look out for your own interest and read the fine print. 
		bosley is known for setting up credit patients with onerous contracts 
		and exorbitant fees.


 








class action

news

hostile workplace

claims/disclaimers

fear factor

conflicting advice

targeting women

sales incentives

no refunds

crisis response

	 



history

	 

	 



the board said numerous 
		violations 
		took place at bosley's main office in  
		beverly hills which acts as a model for its other locations.





		charges filed for violations at bosley hq

in a case that shed light on 
		sleazy and illegal practices at bosley hair clinics the medical board 
		of california asserted that 
		non-medical personnel were allowed to diagnose and make recommendations to 
		patients and perform important parts of the surgery. the case stemmed from 
		a patient who repeatedly tried to get help after 
		suffering complications including pain and swelling during the 
		weeks and months following a procedure but got little empathy or response.



(update) bosley doctor disciplined / put on probationary terms

bosley physician and 
		assistant medical director 
david paul deutsch has been 
		disciplined and put on probationary terms after he admitted 
		to several allegations and charges brought against him in a medical board 
		complaint 
		including lying to prospective patients about being board certified.

read the stipulated settlement and disciplinary order


		here 




(complaint, cont.) among the 
		eye opening details of the case—right before surgery bosley allowed a salesperson 
		without any official health care training or license to consult with a patient 
		about his important drug and 
		medical history, and 
"all physicians at the bosley medical group 
		are independent contractors", which means they don't even work for bosley.

	 







a hostile environment  
		conflict 
		at bosley








john ohanesian v. bosley 

in an ironic and cruel twist 
		for former patients john ohanesian, former
ceo 
		in charge while bosley scammed thousands of people with bogus ads 
		and ineffective surgery, is suing bosley complaining they are trying to 
		cheat him (case active in 2020).

during his stint ohanesian launched legal action 
		aimed at shutting down websites that provided consumers with detailed 
		information about bosley's medical violations.

under his watch bosley was 
		repeatedly sanctioned by authorities for blatant acts of false and 
		misleading advertising




unfair workplace

many reviews describe bosley as 
		a difficult place to work with a throwback management style.

as an example the medical 
		assistants (mainly women), who perform the bulk of the procedure 
		including the preparation and placing of the grafts, are paid 
		barely above minimum wage.

who's doing the surgery



for a $15,000 five hour 
		procedure a medical assistant on a surgical team is paid only about 
		$70.

from job portal indeed.com:

 "average bosley 
		hourly pay ranges from approximately $14.15 per hour for medical 
		assistant to $15.02 per hour for office assistant"




copy wrong

dr. says bosley copied hair transplant 
		methods and youtube video



florida hair doctor brett 
		bolton filed a lawsuit in federal court claiming bosley stole his 
		company's marketing video from youtube, rebranded it under the bosley 
		name and linked it to their website.

in its court response bosley 
		said the royalty-free license granted by youtube made it legal to 
		copy and redistribute bolton's video, plus he freely allowed his 
		competition 
		to use his surgical methods.

bosley has been involved in 
		litigation with more than twenty doctors







claims and disclaimers   
		bosley's business model allows it to make representations with limited 
		accountability to unhappy patients. although ads must carry disclaimers 
		(due to disciplinary action) 
		they 
		are 
		often buried in the fine print.

the doctors can say 
		they have no responsibility for what is in bosley's marketing materials 
		or pass the blame further down to the salespeople. patients 
		who complain are often chastised for having "unrealistic expectations".



who is bosley?  
		
the bosley medical 
		institute, or bosley, is named after founder and infomercial 
		pitchman l. lee bosley. his continual pattern of deceptive advertising 
		and medical board violations made him the most 
widely 
		disciplined physician in the country. (source: public citizen 
		consumer advocacy group) 
		


		 

		 

		 

		 

		 

		 

		 

dr. bosley claimed to have 
		invented the scalp reduction, one of the most destructive and 
		ineffectual 
		procedures ever performed.



ad nauseam  
		
bosley infomercials loop the 
		same material and you can spend up to a half hour without learning anything. the
		patient examples leave out important 
		details like what types and how many procedures were performed and the 
		costs.

the slickly-produced videos 
		employ tricks to boost 
		the impression of results including makeup and dyes, topical concealers 
		or 
		keratin fibers (fake hair), creative hair styles and combovers, and 
		selective lighting and camera angles.

the paid-for testimonials fail to mention other treatments and drugs 
		that were used and 
		procedures performed by other medical groups. 

court documents revealed 
		that bosley spends as much as a 
		third of its revenue on advertising and promotion.

       



bosley sells drug after denouncing it  
		after slamming the drug finasteride (a.k.a. propecia) for having 
		vicious side effects including impotence, or
		
erectile 
		dysfunction, 
		bosley now promotes and sells it, leaving consumers scratching their 
		heads. 



bosley's negative stance on propecia

       

information is your wild card 
		using 
		practices like selective disclosure (not telling the whole truth to 
		potential patients) and
		
sales incentives 
		and bonuses consumers may not realize bosley has stacked 
		the deck against them.





		bosley text robots?  (bosley 
		medical accused of violating federal law)


a 
		class action lawsuit was filed in 2017 against bosley in u.s. 
		district court alleging violation of the telephone consumer 
		protection act, or tcpa. the plaintiff says he and other consumers 
		incurred call charges and lost valuable time as a result of unsolicited 
		text messages.

legalnewsline
the suit says bosley uses automatic telephone dialing equipment with 
		the capacity to store and dial telephone numbers without human 
		intervention in an effort to solicit more clients. 
		


fear factor   when 
		having a medical procedure most of us worry about getting the wrong 
		information or worse yet finding out it was all for nothing. 

		ufc commentator joe rogan says he fell for the hair replacement 
		surgery sales pitch.
after visiting an office and viewing before 
		and after pictures he was convinced it would be a sure thing. he now 
		says it was one his biggest mistakes of his life (not only was it ineffective it 
		left him with scarring).
after undergoing multiple procedures 
		rogan now sports a shaved head.



       









many are surprised at how 
		invasive these procedures can be and wonder why they weren't warned.


to share
			

			a negative experience about bosley:
			
info@bosleymedicalviolations.com


feedback





the grafts stopped 
			growing  
the part in ads where 
			it says the replacement hair is permanent isn't true. over time it 
			can thin and fall out like other hair (and did!) in my case - 90% of 
			the grafts eventually died.






paying extra to heal?  


			can't help but feeling gouged...the bosley office charged me over 
			$500.00 in extras for meds in what they call a post op healing 
			"kit", which i would have thought most doctors would have included 
			for free. i later found out by reading others experiences that it 
			may have been optional. i guess the lesson here is not to trust 
			anyone and do your research first.




 
			warning to newbies  
			you have stumbled across one of the worst, most heartless companies 
			there is. take your virgin heads and run away now while you still 
			can! (note to noobs: a "virgin" head is one that has not been cut up 
			by surgery -something that is very good to have) if you have not 
			proceeded yet thank your lucky stars you may have avoided one of 
			the biggest traps of your life.




no redo 
			i went to bosley to have treatment for thinning hair in the front of 
			my head. i paid $12,000 for the procedure. i returned in one year. i 
			had pictures to show what i looked like when i started with them, 
			and what i look like now. the doctor who saw me said they would do 
			it over, at no charge. after careful consideration with my personal 
			physicians, i decided that it would just be too much for me to go 
			through one more time. i asked for my money back. needless to say, i 
			still have not received a penny from them. 





conflicting advice / 
			confused patient 
			
after receiving separate consults from both a 
			counselor and a doctor i was very confused as they told me very 
			different things and contradicted each other. since i spent more 
			time with the counselor i ended up following his advice and had a 
			procedure which turned out to be a huge mistake. afterwards i 
			learned i don't have enough donor hair to make an 
			improvement which is common for people with a large balding pattern.






more patient reviews



		 





ex-bosley 
		doctor claims racial discrimination 
some 
		disturbing claims from a former bosley physician about their business 
		practices: according to a law360.com article william d. yates, who is 
		african-american, claims bosley discriminated against blacks by 
		charging them more for hair procedures than white customers, and 
		that the company discriminated against him personally by directing more 
		patients to an equally skilled white physician. 

dr. 
yates, who worked for bosley for over 5 years, 
		recently prevailed in a breach of contract suit that bosley medical 
		group brought against him after he left to go to work for their 
		competitor, ziering medical. 

more 
 




doctor blames patient for scarring  
		


dr. david alpeter, who works at bosley's office in new york, was sued by a 
		patient who complained of widened scarring, excessive pulling of the 
		scalp, and hair and skin loss after his 2nd bosley surgery. after 
		cutting out a chunk of the patient's scalp over 12 inches long, and 
		then another section during the same day, dr. alpeter speculated that 
		the widened scar may have been caused by the patient's "poor healing 
		response" or "genetic disposition to scarring".





  
		targeting women 
bosley 
		has adjusted their marketing effort to take advantage of women as 
		another way to sell more surgeries.
		unfortunately, we have received numerous reports from women that say they 
		are extremely unhappy with their results and are far worse off than before, 
		both from a cosmetic standpoint 
		and from the physical 
		damage the procedures caused. they say bosley's staff failed to warn 
		them about the side effects including damage to their natural hair.

keep in mind that even 
		if you're assured by a bosley "counselor" that you're a good candidate 
		for surgery this may merely be a sales tactic to sell you a 
		procedure, as most counselors have no formal medical credentials 
		whatsoever and are not qualified to give medical advice.  
      


     		from a webmd article: "according 
		to experts a very small percentage of women are candidates for hair 
		transplant surgery. about 2% to 5% of women with hair loss will benefit 
		from this type of procedure." 
		- source: american hair loss association




what's their 
		motivation? / sales incentives 
		people who assume 
		objective advice from medical providers can be at a disadvantage if they 
		don't know that bosley gives incentives and rewards based on the 
		number of surgical procedures that are sold, from upper management down to its 
		sales force (a.k.a. counselors). even its doctors can be biased 
		toward pushing surgery when their compensation is tied to their branch's 
		sales.
a business journal 

article revealed that an employment contract for a bosley doctor guaranteed him 
		a compensation of $10,000 a month plus a percentage of “adjusted 
		charges” received by the practice, from 5.5 percent during his first year 
		to 8.5 percent in the sixth year of the agreement. he was also entitled 
		to a “super bonus” of 6 percent of the annual adjusted charges over $1.9 
		million. 



       




emergency response  
		some warn that bosley assembly line methods can cause the doctors to 
		become unaware of what's going on around them. if you worry about their ability to 
		respond in an emergency this will not comfort you: a male patient 
		ended up with permanent disability after he had a stroke during a bosley 
		procedure 
			and the staff failed to take action, according to a civil jury*. the 
		plaintiffs said that during the procedure the patient began convulsing 
		yet the procedure wasn't stopped and the patient was sent home as usual 
		though he could not walk or talk. when the patient's wife phoned the 
		bosley office for help they told her that his failure to come out of 
		anesthesia was a result of pain medications and "not to worry." *los 
		angeles superior court bc445812 
			2010-2013 (thanks to 


juryverdictalert.com)







no-refund 
		policy   before handing your credit card to a bosley salesperson or counselor 
		for a deposit on a procedure know about their policies. after 
		canceling surgery ten days in advance a customer was surprised when bosley wouldn't return their deposit. when trying to dispute the charge with 
		the credit card company they got the response "we regret to inform 
		you that we are not able to assist you as the merchant has a 
		no-cancellation and no-refund policy". this 
		policy can discourage patients from backing out of surgery and penalizes 
		those who want to change their minds or need more time to make a better 
		informed decision.










ftc 
		settles charges against bosley  		the federal trade commission has imposed restrictions on bosley after 
		alleging it shared pricing information with competitors, an illegal 
		practice that can result in higher prices. 

article

on a related note bosley's 
		parent company aderans, a japanese wigmaker, has acquired 
		hair club, known for its infomercial "hair systems". 
		consumers should be alert that hair club now trys to 
		steer clients over to bosley offices for surgery.




       











		 











	next:

	patient stories
























. 





		fairness in reporting: the companies mentioned have been given the 
		opportunity to correct any inaccuracies.
privacy 
		policy: this site does not collect any personal information or cookies 
		or share data with third parties









