

florida doberman rescue (fdr)










 

this web page will be removed from the internet on january 25, 2014.
thank you to all adopters who provided wonderful homes for dobes in need.
fdr
 
 

 








































 





download 
                  a copy of the dobe turn-in sheet here: adobe 
                  pdf or word 
                  doc (pc).










 501 (c)(3) - tax exempt organization





  the florida doberman rescue (fdr) web site showcases purebred 
              dobermans available for adoption from various affliated rescue groups 
              and sometimes includes dogs in shelters and direct owner placements. 
              please note that each available dog has a specific contact name 
              and e-mail address to aid in connecting potential adoptors to that 
              individual dog's rescue group.
all dogs are screened for health and temperament before placed 
              in foster homes. foster homes allow dobermans to learn how to "socialize" 
              within a positive environment, receiving the care and attention 
              needed. once a doberman is considered "ready", it is made 
              available for adoption.
when a doberman is being considered for adoption, the focus is 
              on matching the right dog with a family or individual best suited 
              for that specific dog. to assist us in best understanding your lifestyle, 
              we request all adopters to fill out and submit an adoption application. 
              contact the individual group for their specific adoption application.
all florida rescue groups operate on donations and persons willing 
              to donate their time. all donations are tax deductible with a 100% 
              of your donations going to animal rescue and welfare. 










give 
                    a doberman that second chance! adopt a doberman and make a 
                    difference in your life and theirs. 
florida 
                    doberman rescue will work with you and your family to locate 
                    a companion doberman. to start the adoption process, just 
                    download our application form, fill it out, and fax it to 
                    the appropriate rescue group or e-mail them regarding a particular 
                    doberman. 









 


 
 
















