


saving old seagulls: free british seagull information, engine serial number identifier,advice, forum and spare parts.




















 

 










hello welcome to...


‘saving old seagulls’
 

 

	 

 

 
 
support ukraine!!
 link to the president of ukraine's special donation 
	page, donate what you can for medicines, for clothing,  equipment. 
	
	https://u24.gov.ua/


https://donation.dec.org.uk/ukraine-humanitarian-appeal 


	this 
	link is to our government site and they match your donations and, gift aid 
	it.

february 2025, seagull have just announced 
	some swingeing price increases, some have more than doubled! i will try 
	to amend these pages asap!october 2024, postage prices going up again!  
	suppose they need the money to pay off the wrongly convicted postmasters...



stolen seagull  
!!!!
a silver century  seagull with the addition 
of a clutched gearbox stolen from beccles. norfolk. january 2025.
if someone tries to 
sell you a clutch drive seagull with number 
wsl113r6  contact police or loser rob. 
rob.eustice1986 at 
gmail.com

 
 
celebrating over 30 years service to seagull owners, 
sept 1994 to 2024.
(and another 10 years unofficially before that!)
you are looking at one of the first 
ever websites, started 1991!boy 
how we have grown since then....

see john and his boat in january 2019 classic boat magazine!

 


privacy!!

please read before continuing!

john was 
away on a long sailing trip in 2018.
bucket list 
job!


to read the log of his voyage

from june to august, 2018, 




in his home built boat, 'fiddlers green', 


 click here.

 



please take time to read the faq page before contacting me for advice, i spend so much time answering queries now when the answers are already available 
on my faq page, it is getting to be a problem, as it slows down the spares service.

try our ebay search page here.

but check prices of spares against my 
prices, bet i am cheaper!
i do not sell seagull 
bits on ebay,  
but i have just about every part here and cheaper than most!
mail me on
john@saving-old-seagulls.co.uk 
with a wish list and i will give you prices.
copy and paste this mail address into your email.

dear john!
your support for my recovery of ls 11510 made the success possible!now there is a humble documentation on youtubethanks againgunnar eriksson





dear john

many years ago i decided to make a short film publicly funded by the queensland government in australia.  it was based loosely on my relationship with my father and our old seagull outboard motor.  we had looked at your site many times together and i always meant to send
you a copy.  instead, i've now put it online and i'm sure you'll love to embed it on your website for your followers.







for those that miss the sound of the gulls...

you can click 
this one to start them off !
sorry may not be working at the moment, enticing them 
back shortly! more bread needed...



more new info and pics.â especially good are the old adverts and leaflets... look on the new marston page, the news page.  â loads more 
addedâ see the history pages, gallery page and nostalgia page!!â â alsoâ nowâ motors and new items, the cover, stainless nuts and bolts, tank straps etc for sale page.

for spares and parts go to my spares 
page.

to see any motors for sale please go to the 
for sale page. (do not have many 
good seagulls to sell these days.)
 

'forum pages' the forum has now been up and running for several years. not new anymore, but going well, and we are keeping the spammers at bay! first you simply have to register, 
you will need to mail me to get the password... then by clicking on the button with a tick in it, marked 'register', then you choose a name and password, leave a mail address and then it is verified, so no spammers are going to get their nasty web sites listed! if i can do it so can all of you i'm sure.   we have saved all the years of comments and queries to a database that you can search, so all that valuable info is not lost! it was the largest source of british seagull information and discussion on the net, and very useful to many, but do look at the 'faq' page as well!
i was at beale park boat show a few years 
back, a guest on 'classic boats' stand. pleased to meet so many customers there! 
bit of a one off that, i do not do shows or fairs normally! i also am featured 
on 'home and leisure' and 'discovery' channel, the 'getting afloat' sailing 
program. it was filmed 19 years ago and is shown repeatedly, so watch out for it if you can view 
discovery. it was on yet again 2013! 
there is also a 'podcast', you can hear it on https://www.furledsails.com. i warn you it is an hour long!! 
as you can see, if you browse the site, there is a lot of historical and nostalgic information in these pages, as well as the more practical items. if you find a detail is not correct, i would be obliged if you could let me know. i have sourced information from former workers, directors, designers, dealers and other enthusiasts. i hope that this site will be a resource for  british 
seagull owners and nostalgic boating people worldwide. i try to print everything i find out, and so thanks to all of you who send in information i have missed!
as i work from a remote corner of essex, the majority of my customers deal with me by post. i find it easier to chat to you to figure out your problem, and decide which part you need. you can e-mail me, but a telephone chat can often resolve things quicker.
 

 
'items for sale' here i place engines for sale, fresh from the workshop! however i am so busy selling british seagull parts 
these days, i no longer have time to get british seagulls refurbished for sale!
have a peek at  the 'marston' pages and don't forget to hit the 'nostalgia' link, for the latest advert downloads.
racing buffs look out for more info on the races, see 'racing pages' link.




parts
i can supply almost every part from stock, (see the british seagull parts pages), and have also got stocks of useable second hand parts, especially the parts that are no longer available. to this end i am always on the look out for 
dead motors, to add to my stock. mail me at
john@saving-old-seagulls.co.uk 
with a wish list of parts and i will give prices.

beware, beware, beware, e-bay bargains!!
ok there are some real nice bargains to be had on the bay, but there are also some really unscrupulous individuals out there that are selling british seagull parts, at inflated prices and often not new!
a used drive spring for £5.00!!! what!! 
new, 2023 they are now £5.00!  in 2011, a new spring was seen, 'buy it 
now' price of £10.00! three time the price at the time! i have also seen postage 
prices of over £5.00!! for 1 spring!!  gearbox plugs selling at the 
'bargain price' of £5.00, new, 2017 they have just nearly doubled in price, but 
today 2023 are still just £4.75!!  40 head gaskets, £12.99 + £3.00 (2021 my prices  £9.25+ £1.60).  a filler cap, £22!  real price £18.75, and i can often do used ones with new cap washers for £10.00!  p&p £4.00....
the best one was the statement from a 
seller in oxfordshire, that british seagull oil has to be non-ep, and more or less slating 'other websites' for selling ep oil, quoting the oft misquoted reason of the additives eating bronze bearings. what total cods!! if he cared enough to research, he would realise it was only a problem in hot oil applications... ever seen a british seagull gearbox that was not super water cooled! british seagull did their homework, they knew.....


above is a picture of a genuine british seagull bottle from my museum, yes it does read ep 90.. 
sadly i did not keep the old ep140 tin can.
i suspect the chap selling on ebay has just 
got a load of 140 to get rid of, but hang on, he is selling it for £9.99 for 
500ml instead of my £6.00 for a litre!! you can use either, but mine is so much cheaper!  wow that makes his 
over 3 times the price of mine......
sadly he cannot even spell villiers,  british seagull enthusiast?  if anyone actually wants an old villiers flywheel i have dozens, you can have one for free! 
just pay the post... not for his extortionate £14.99 
plus post!!!
you have been warned, ring me for a price first! compare prices, i promise not to fleece you. bet i'm always cheaper and the springs will be new, 
as are most of my parts. of course where i cannot any longer get new spares, i 
often have used available, castings etc. used parts will be considerably cheaper 
of course, approx. half the price of a new part, when they were last available!
i do feel sorry for those who get stung this way... there seems to be  more and more unscrupulous people out there. e-bay simply say 'buyer beware'... you have been warned. why get fleeced!??? 
to see what 
john got up to for 2 months  during summer 2013 you can read his trip log
     
 
     here.   


 in 2018 john  completed the circumnavigation, 
to read the log 
click here.
 
 
if i am not answering the phone, this might give you a clue to where i might be!





'fiddler's green', our home built eventide.


john williams.
saving old seagulls

 





john@saving-old-seagulls.co.uk


'paypal' accepted 
( you do not need a paypal account to pay by credit card using it!)


with paypal i can also accept all credit cards, not over the phone, but via a link i can send you by e-mail, which makes it so much easier for all my overseas customers.

postal conditions for overseas customers.
 
for overseas postage to destinations other 
than some of the eu, australia, new zealand and a few other countries where the postal services have an excellent reputation, i now insist on tracked postage, at extra expense, and take no responsibility for non arrival of parts.  i will supply tracking details and customers must trace and seek their own compensation if a parcel fails to arrive.  this unhappy situation has been forced on me because a customer claimed he failed to receive a parcel in south africa and claimed his money back from paypal, even though i had proof of posting etc.  i cannot afford to send spares for free.
april 2024 uk post prices increasing, again!

 

have a browse through the pages, you might get a few surprises, as 
barry my web designer had a bit of a wicked sense of humour, so i 
cannot be certain that any seagull image you find, might take you to something odd…
 
 
 

 



 







 

























