


puerto vallarta hotels, small hotels puerto vallarta mexico, chez elena pv cuatro vientos small hotel, lodging small hotels puerto vallarta














home | 
our hotel: los cuatro vientos | 
 our restaurant: chez elena | 
our rooftop lounge

weddings | 
vallarta attractions | 
is vallarta safe? | 
rates | 
gallery & guest comments | 
location & contact info


email: 
fourwinds@cuatrovientos.com * tel. 011-523-22-222-0161 



















reservations

weddings

area attractions

getaways & special events

photo gallery & comments

videos

for larger view click video lower right



take a tour of los cuatro vientos and chez elena:




enjoy this video from 
puerto vallarta tourism:









 
quaint and charming rooms, or spacious suites, for  all your needs in cool comfort. listed in fodors, lonely plantet and more

proudly named best restaurant 
by lanier bed & breakfast from among 8,500 international locations.
enjoy a drink at sunset overlooking the banderas bay. our margaritas were extolled in playboy as pv's finest.


email us at: 
fourwinds@cuatrovientos.com for hotel or restaurant reservations



  

cuatro vientos is mexico

bask in the gentle "four winds" breeze on our rooftop terrace with our famous margaritas,
once extolled in playboy magazine as the finest in puerto vallarta.
relax, refresh, renew...and enjoy new friends.
all waiting for you at one lovely location nestled into the hillside above the heart of puerto vallarta.


discover the romance of long ago vallarta



the four winds is one of the very few remaining traditional "posadas", perfect for a real mexican experience, and the traveler minding his budget.
we are a small, 14 room colonial inn centrally located in a residential neighborhood just three blocks up from the ocean. and we're only a short walk to shops and the beaches, and the malecon where all the action is. and we offer a small but deep and refreshing pool with flowers and beautiful ferns cascading over the east end of the pool with water jets to aerate the pool and create a pleasant jungle waterfall effect.

this charming 

historic hotel and restaurant became a meeting place for such well known personages as peter o'toole, elizabeth taylor, richard burton, anthony quinn and robert shaw. los cuatro vientos has continued to attract people from all walks of life & different parts  of the world..... people with a taste for adventure & the unique.

join us. experience puerto vallarta's history, romance and excitement. we promise you won't leave disappointed.

are you a beach lover or surfer and can't make it all the way down to puerto vallarta? we recommend kelly slater's surf ranch in king's county california . 








visit us on


in mexico, there is only one...
chez elena & los cuatro vientos
matamoros 520, puerto vallarta, jal. mexico*
email: 
fourwinds@cuatrovientos.com
tel. 011-523-22-222-0161 fax: 011-523-22-222-2831





click here for our sitemap


