





saxon uniforms career apparel blazers and academic regalia










 




 




what you wear to work 




 

  


 
 
 


 






 

saxon uniform network, inc. 
          pittsburgh, pa  usa 
          412-273-3496 
sales@saxonuniform.com
saxon uniforms offers a variety of uniform and career apparel items including formal wear (tuxedos for men and women, including tuxedo coats, tuxedo pants and tuxedo shirts); caps and gowns & academic regalia; blazers; chef uniforms (chef coats, pants, hats); aprons & smocks; and barbershop uniforms / costumes / stagewear for choruses and choirs.
our career apparel section has blazers, sportcoats and slacks available in different styles (two button, 3 button, single breasted, double breasted) and choice of fabrics (100% wool, poly/wool blend, and all polyester) to suit your tastes and your budget. we even stock  a variety of hard to get blazer colors such as purple or hunter green, and if not in-stock, can in many cases custom make blazers for your group or organization.
we offer vests in a variety of solid colors such as red, black, burgundy, hunter green, and gray. red & white striped vests, and formal vests in a variety of colors and patterns, each with available matching bow tie. 
our factory is set up to add logo emblems or embroidery to our uniform blazers and vests and we can also help you with the set up of your emblem from "drawing board" to finished product. 
at saxon uniforms,
        we listen to our customers comments and take your suggestions
        seriously.  as per your request,
          you may now order many of our most popular uniform, career apparel items including blazers;
        formal wear items such as tuxedos and tuxedo shirts and tux pants; and academic regalia items such as caps and gowns, graduation hoods, mortarboards, tams and tassels online.  
we also offer straw hats and other items for barbershop uniforms or costumes, such as our famous red and white stripe boater jacket (made in usa). our academic regalia department is set up to handle the needs of faculty members (i.e. doctoral gowns, hoods, tams; also masters gowns and academic hoods) and student graduation attire (high school graduation gowns and caps and accessories such as tassels, year charms, honor stoles, honor chords). we also offer preschool graduation regalia that include the cap, gown, tassel, year date and diploma.
in addition to cap and gown sales, feel free to  contact us for information concerning the wearing of your cap and gown, such as "how to wear a cap and gown", or "instructions for wearing an academic hood" or if you need to know your "academic hood color" (i.e. degree color for the velvet). 
our housekeeping uniforms section has been expanded to include housekeeping dresses, tunic tops, pants, and tea aprons. we offer choice of solid colors or jar. chord in grey, navy or teal. 
for more information on any of the above items, click on the corresponding link above, or if you have trouble navigating or do not see what it is you are looking for, call us toll free 800-7-tuxedo (800-788-9336) or send us a fax (412-421-2145) or better yet email us with the specifics of what you need and how we can best assist you. 
we generally answer  emails by email, but in case we have questions that are easier to discuss on the phone, please also include your name and a day /evening telephone number. if sending a fax, be sure to include your phone number, but if possible, also include a telephone or  e-mail address where we can reach you.
if you
        haven't already done so, please  bookmark this page.  even if
        you don't find what you're looking for today, we suggest you visit
        this site again in the future, as we plan on adding more items each
        week. check our specials here. 
at saxon uniforms, we stand behind what we sell.
        if you are not satisfied with any unaltered item that you purchase
        from us, you may return it to us within 30 days of your order for
        a credit or refund. for your protection, we recommend that you ship
        back any returns via insured mail or ups, and to properly credit your
        account, please enclose a copy of your invoice and packing slip.
        academic regalia does not qualify for the 30-day return. terms of sale for regalia
        are here. 
  


 




 

saxon
                uniforms
                site map 
 



order form
specials
formal wear


morning suit
          tuxedos
wool tuxedos, single & double
          breasted
poly/wool tuxedos, single &
          double breasted
polyester tuxedos
white shawl dinner jackets and
          tuxedo trousers
full dress tails and
          trousers
tuxedo shirts in white for men
          and women
tuxedo shirts in colors for men
ladies' tuxedo coats and skirts
tuxedo halters for women
eton jackets for men & women

 
career wear - wholesale blazers

men's blazers
women's blazers  




 

 

 


 
 
 
 
 


 

 

 


 
 
 
 
 


 

 

 


 
 
 
 
 


 

 

 


 
 
 
 
 


 

 

 


 
 
 
 
 


 

 

 


 
 
 
 
 


 

 

 


 
 
 
 
 



 
 

blazers in colors (gold, red, royal, burgundy, hunter green,  augusta green, kelly green, white, navy blue, light blue, black, orange, purple, pink, gray, camel...) 

 
 

single & double breasted 100%
          wool
          blazers
dress pants

 
stage wear, barbershop costumes and hats


bow ties and cummerbunds
gay 90s garb
vests
straw hats
cotton pants


 
kitchen wear


aprons & smocks
chef's uniforms

 
academic regalia


doctoral regalia




master's regalia
bachelor's regalia 
academic hoods (college, masters, doctoral)

academic soft velvet doctoral tams and tassels
high school regalia



middle school & elementary caps &
          gowns  
kindergarten & preschool caps & gowns 
tassels, stoles and accessories 

 
judicial robes


 
housekeeping uniforms 

housekeeping dress 



  


 
 



 
 
   
      e-mail us at sales@saxonuniform.com   


 


saxon
uniforms home | saxon uniforms site map
aprons | chef's uniforms | blazers | eton jackets
stage wear | more blazers
tuxedos and accessories | academic regalia | judicial robes
the serene aromaspa | the gemini aromaspa
order form for all saxon uniform
products



     







