



connecticut antiques online dealers american european furniture estate gold diamond jewelry sterling silver paintings fine art porcelain ceramics objects of art antiquing in new england


































toggle navigation




oneofakindantiques.com





categories 

advertising
african art masks
antiquities
architectural
art pottery
asian
baskets
books
boxes
brass copper bronze pewter
cast iron
childrens
chinese
clocks / timepieces / watches
decorative objects
desk articles
epherma
featured / fabulous finds
fine art
firearms, militia guns
folk art
furniture
glass art
india
japanese
jewelry / estate / gold / silver
kitchen items
lighting
maritime
mirrors
musical
native american
photographic / photos / cameras
porcelain
prints / lithographs / etchings
memorabilia
sculpture
sewing
silver
sports memorabilia
stoneware
textiles
tiffany
tools
toys



information 

antiques price guide
appraisals
about one of a kind antiques
consigning & purchasing
contact us
selling your items
payment policy
shipping
privacy policy
return policy
connecticut sales tax
customer feedback
auction services
bookmark our website
selling silver and gold
link to one of a kind antiques





enter keywords to search




        		     any word(s)
        	



        		     all word(s)
        	

search


receive email updates!









established 1975


one of a kind
antiques
oneofakind antiques.com


online since 1995



 


 


 


contact us







					[
you are on page # 1 in the desk-articles category of our website. there are 21 items in this category.  click one of the pages below to view more items in this category.





← previous
1
2
3
4
5
next →






click any image to zoom

















original silliman traveling inkwell c1860

item# 12106    $245

original s. silliman co. barrel-form traveling inkwell circa 1860. measuring 2.25 inches high by 1.5 inches wide. excellent condition including original blown glass stopper. in the 1800s, the s. silliman company in chester, ct, made itself known nationwide for its wooden inkstands and inkwells. indeed, it is said that abraham lincoln had a silliman inkwell in his springfield, il, law office, and in 1837 a silliman inkwell was gifted to president martin van buren.
customer feedback | how to purchase | shipping / handling
shipping extra. connecticut residents add 6.35 percent sales tax. buyers outside of the united states are responsible for any customs taxes or tariffs that may apply.



click any image to zoom

















19thc english stamp box

item# 12104    $550

small english stamp box in faux tortoiseshell case 1880-1900. very good condition with normal traces of usage. measures 2 x 1.5 x 1.25" x 1".
customer feedback | how to purchase | shipping / handling
shipping extra. connecticut residents add 6.35 percent sales tax. buyers outside of the united states are responsible for any customs taxes or tariffs that may apply.



click any image to zoom




























french louis xvi bureau plat

item# 12080    $5800

very fine french louis xvi style bureau plat, or flat top writing desk. restrained and elegant design, typical of its period counterparts. two drawers and two extensions. kingwood with bronze mountings, hand-tooled black leather writing surface and complicated satinwood inlay. circa 1900. beautiful condition. dimensions: 51.5" long, 25" wide, 31.75" high to surface, 24.75" clearance, 16.5" extension each side.
customer feedback | how to purchase | shipping / handling
shipping extra. connecticut residents add 6.35 percent sales tax. buyers outside of the united states are responsible for any customs taxes or tariffs that may apply.



click any image to zoom




























vintage maitland smith regency style game table and desk

item# 11910    $2750

vintage maitland smith desk and game table with removable game board. made from ash and burl black walnut squares with a hand-tooled leather top, 2 side slides and bronze mountings. measures 30 inches high, 50 inches wide and 24 inches deep with a 25 inch clearance for legs. excellent condition.
customer feedback | how to purchase | shipping / handling
shipping extra. connecticut residents add 6.35 percent sales tax. buyers outside of the united states are responsible for any customs taxes or tariffs that may apply.



click any image to zoom
























18thc dutch chair with marquetry inlay

item# 11907    $875

18th century dutch chair with marquetry inlay of flowers, birds, and butterflies. newly upholstered slip seat. professionally re-glued. excellent condition. some old repairs commensurate with its age. measures 35" high to the back, 18.5" high to the seat crown, 18" wide and 22" deep with a 14.5 x 16.5 inch seat. this would be lovely as a vanity or desk chair.
customer feedback | how to purchase | shipping / handling
shipping extra. connecticut residents add 6.35 percent sales tax. buyers outside of the united states are responsible for any customs taxes or tariffs that may apply.







← previous
2
3
4
5
next →













copyright ©1995-2025, oneofakindantiques.com, llc. owned and operated by one of a kind antiques, llc. all rights reserved. one of a kind antiques, dealers since 1975  in: american, european & asian antiques, baroque, rococo, empire, federal, regency, victorian, arts and crafts, art deco, mid century modern & country furniture, folk art, fine art, decorative objects, silver, rugs, ceramics & lighting.
grandpashabet
grandpashabet giriş
palacebet
royalbet
palacebet giriş
pashagaming
hızlıbahis
palacebet güncel giriş
pashagaming giriş
royalbet giriş
grand pashabet
porno

 







