




 




world’s finest online: a comprehensive guide to the dcau - the world's finest





















































































































































































































































































































hosted by popgeeks.com | forum dc comics solicitations september 2024
dc comics solicitations august 2024
skip to content

skip to content


menu



 






search

home 
dcau 
dc cartoons 
dc universe movies 
dc animated movies 
news 
reviews 
specials 
 



close menu


























 



“batman ninja vs. yakuza league” on digital march 18, 2025, physical media on april 15, 2025

animated movies, batman (general brand), batman ninja, batman ninja vs. yakuza league, blu-ray/dvd/digital, dc animated movie, site news, warner bros. animation, warner bros. home entertainment, warner bros. japan






 




 




warner bros. discovery home entertainment announced batman ninja vs. yakuza league will be available to own on digital starting march 18, 2025 and on physical media starting april 15, 2025. the upcoming movie is the sequel to the acclaimed 2018 batman ninja animated feature. continue below for press details, artwork, along with an extended dual-language trailer.
batman ninja vs. yakuza league
sequel to the 2018 dc animated feature film from warner bros. japan
available exclusively on digital in the us on march 18
4k uhd and blu-ray arriving on april 15
   
batman ninja vs. yakuza league, the sequel to the 2018 anime feature film batman ninja from warner bros. japan, will be available exclusively on digital on march 18 and on 4k uhd and blu-ray on april 15.
the all-new feature film, featuring characters from dc and reimagined by japan’s finest artists, finds batman and his friends battling familiar faces transformed into villains in an alternate universe in a desperate attempt to save gotham.
the sequel is directed by jumpei mizusaki and shinji takagi from a screenplay by kazuki nakashima, with character design by takashi okazaki and music by yugo kanno. produced by warner bros. japan, the film’s animation is provided by kamikaze douga.
batman ninja vs. yakuza league will be available on march 18 on digital from amazon prime video, appletv, google play, vudu and more. on april 15 the film will be available to purchase on 4k ultra hd and blu-ray discs online and in-store at major retailers. the film will be available in both japanese and english-language versions.
additionally, the film will be available as a 2-film digital collection featuring both 2018’s batman ninja and 2025’s batman ninja vs. yakuza league on march 18.
synopsis: the batman family has returned to present-day gotham city after traveling back to the warring states period and saving history from being altered in the previous film, batman ninja. the next day, they witness a startling event – the japanese island has disappeared, and a giant island called “hinomoto” appears in the sky over gotham city. soon, countless yakuza descend from the sky and attack the people of gotham city. and, the justice league has disappeared. detecting a strange energy reaction in the sky, batman heads for hinomoto to find its underlying cause. there, the dark knight finds a world where the yakuza war with each other, and brutality reigns without honor or humanity. at the top of the world is the yakuza league, a group of superpowered individuals, who look suspiciously like the justice league. the yakuza league is invading gotham and, to save the city, batman and his allies are in for the fight of their lives!
special features: batman ninja vs. yakuza league physical and digital will include the following special features:
-bringing justice to japan
-anime action: choreographing the fights
basics:
4k uhd languages: english, japanese
blu-ray languages: english, japanese, spanish-castilian
dvd languages: english, japanese
4k uhd subtitles: english
blu-ray subtitles: english, japanese, latin spanish, french, chinese – complex, spanish castilian
dvd subtitles: chines – complex, english, latin spanish, french
running time: 89
rated pg-13 for some violence and language.
*digital version not available in canada
about dc
dc, part of warner bros. discovery, creates iconic characters and enduring stories and is one of the world’s largest publishers of comics and graphic novels. dc’s creative work entertains audiences of every generation around the world with dc’s stories and characters integrated across warner bros. discovery’s film, television, animation, consumer products, home entertainment, games, and themed experiences divisions, and on the dc universe infinite digital comic subscription service. learn more at dc.com
about warner bros. discovery home entertainment
warner bros. discovery home entertainment (wbdhe) distributes the award-winning movies, television, animation, and digital content produced by warner bros. discovery to the homes and screens of millions through physical blu-ray disc™ and dvd retail sales and digital transactions on major streaming, video-on-demand cable, satellite, digital, and mobile channels.  wbdhe is part of warner bros. discovery content sales, one of the world’s largest distributors of entertainment programming.
the studio also released a special dual-language batman ninja vs. yakuza league movie trailer, which can be watched in the player below:



warner bros. discovery home entertainment previously released a batman ninja vs. yakuza league “main trailer” here, along with a teaser trailer and poster artwork here, and a second teaser trailer and cast and crew details here. check out the world’s finest’s review of batman ninja and stay tuned for further batman ninja vs. yakuza league updates right here!
share your thoughts on social media via the world’s finest twitter and bluesky pages!
get more video content at the world’s finest’s youtube channel!



 




 











james harvey



see full bio





















 



“superman adventures” compendium, “teen titans go!” #2 part of dc comics april 2025 catalog

comics, dc animated series, dc animated universe, dc comics, site news, superman (general brand), superman: the animated series, teen titans go!, teen titans go!



dc comics released details for its upcoming superman adventures compendium one trade paperback collection as part of its april 2025 solicitations catalog. the massive tome, available june 17, 2025, clocks in at nearly 900 pages and includes the batman & superman adventures: world’s finest #1 comics adaptation. details for the second issue of the relaunched teen titans go! monthly series were also released. continue below for artwork and further information on both titles, provided by dc comics.

superman adventures compendium one tpb

written by paul dini, scott mccloud, mark millar, and others
art by rick burchett, terry austin, and others
cover by rick burchett and terry austin
this first of two volumes based on the hit cartoon show collects the animated superman’s first appearance in the batman adventures #25 plus superman adventures #1-28 and superman adventures annual #1. this edition also includes bonus stories from superman adventures special: superman vs. lobo – misery in space #1, superman adventures titus game edition #0, and the comic adaptation of the tv crossover episode, batman & superman adventures: world’s finest #1.
$59.99 us | 896 pages | softcover
on sale 6/17/25

for more on superman: the animated series, the source material for superman adventures, check out the dedicated the world’s finest subsite. the site includes a host of exclusive content, including interviews, reviews, videos, behind-the-scenes material, and much more. 
dc comics also released artwork and a description for teen  titans go! #2, available in print and digital comic formats starting apr. 2, 2025. continue below for the details.

teen titans go! #2

written by matthew cody
art and cover by erich owen
cyborg has gone missing! three eyewitnesses saw the hero’s last moments as he battled the red lantern atrocitus atop titans tower. but since the witnesses are raven, starfire, and beast boy, there are three versions of events—including one where it was dex-starr instead of atrocitus, and cyborg was just trying to help the angry space-kitty down from a tree! can robin untangle this knot of wild stories and get to the truth?
$2.99 us | 32 pages
on sale 4/2/25

check out the teen titans go! micro-site here at the world’s finest for more details and content for the long-running animated comedy series. stay tuned for further news and updates right here at the world’s finest. 
share your thoughts on social media via the world’s finest twitter and bluesky pages!
get more video content at the world’s finest’s youtube channel!







james harvey



see full bio





















 



dc comics announces extensive “summer of superman” 2025 publishing initiative

comics, dc comics, site news, superman (general brand)



dc comics released details on summer of superman, its 2025 publishing initiative that’ll celebrate the man of steel with a vast array of special releases and publications. the initiative also ties into the summer 2025 release of the highly-anticipated warner bros. pictures live-action superman theatrical release. details on select titles and projects that fall under the summer of superman banner can be found below. 
dc reveals details on its summer of superman publishing initiative
dan slott joins joshua williamson, mark waid and jorge jiménez for
dc’s summer of superman special #1
lex luthor returns in the oversize superman #25
superman: the world – experience the man of steel beyond metropolis
superman’s good guy gang launches dc’s
new line of graphic novels for early readers
a can’t-miss selection of superman’s greatest hits for superman day, april 18, at participating retailers and on dc universe infinite
    
dc announced its plans for a summer of superman publishing initiative. featuring an incredible lineup of comic books and graphic novels for fans of all ages, summer of superman celebrates the man of steel’s enduring legacy as a pop culture icon, and a symbol of truth, justice, and hope, and his first comic book appearance in the historic action comics #1 in 1938.
summer of superman special #1 – april 16
before making his big splash in the dc universe with superman unlimited, acclaimed writer dan slott joins storytelling heavyweights mark waid (justice league unlimited, batman/superman: world’s finest), joshua williamson (superman, dc all in special) and jorge jiménez (batman, super sons) for the summer of superman special, arriving at participating comic book shops and digital retailers wednesday, april 16.
in this oversize issue, slott, waid and williamson deliver a single story in three acts, highlighted by jiménez’s dynamic art style that has made him a favorite of comic book fans worldwide. the wedding of lana lang and john henry irons (a.k.a. steel) serves as the backdrop for an outpouring of love and support from family and friends. however, their big day will also be big trouble, as threats from the past, present and future will spawn major new conflicts for the superman family.
featuring a main and variant cover by jiménez, this 48-page one-shot features additional variant covers by alexander lozano, john giang, mahmud asrar, and dan jurgens, plus an adorable variant cover featuring krypto, (super)man’s best friend, by chrissie zullo-uminga.
superman #25 – april 23
just as superman and superwoman are recovering from their battles with time trapper and doomsday, the biggest problem of all returns when superman #25 hits comic book shops on april 23. lex luthor makes his dc all in return and is ready to fight for control of supercorp and metropolis. written by joshua williamson, this oversize (48-page) issue features art by series artist dan mora (justice league unlimited, batman/superman: world’s finest), eddy barrows (action comics) and eber ferreira (action comics, action comics presents: doomsday special) and celebrates the last two years of superman, connects to summer of superman special #1, and sets up a brand-new storyline featuring superman’s greatest enemy.
mora provides the wraparound main cover for superman #25, with variant covers from a who’s-who of comic book art giants, including guillem march, jeff dekal, rafael grassetti, dave johnson, laura braga, and fico ossio, plus an april fools’ day variant cover by dan hipp.
superman: the world – june 24
the man of tomorrow usually soars through the skies in metropolis, but no matter where a cry for help comes from, superman will always be there to save the day. in the tradition of critically acclaimed anthologies batman: the world and joker: the world, witness what makes superman an international symbol of truth, justice, and hope with the global release of superman: the world on june 24. renowned superman storytellers dan jurgens and lee weeks join a team of fifteen international creators to tell tales that highlight what makes superman the greatest superhero of all. superman: the world is scheduled to launch day and date in the following territories: brazil, mexico, germany, spain, serbia, bosnia, montenegro, turkey, india, cameroon, poland, the czech and slovak republics, and argentina.
    
superman’s good guy gang – july 1
the summer of superman also features the debut of superman’s good guy gang on july 1. the first in a multivolume series, this graphic novel is the perfect entry point for early readers ages 5–7 to discover the incredible world of dc’s super heroes. superman’s good guy gang is written and drawn by death and sparkles creator rob justus and introduces readers to an eight-year-old clark kent, and his super-powered friends hawkgirl and green lantern guy gardner, as they test their abilities, grow together and maybe even earn some good guy points along the way. future books in the series will include popular dc super heroes batman, wonder woman, mr. terrific and more.
action comics #1085 – april 9
superman superstars concludes on april 9 with the release of action comics #1085. written by g. willow wilson and featuring art by gavin guidry, part one of this two-part story is a real job for superman. lois lane sends the man of steel to a scientific outpost in the arctic to investigate a new technology that promises to halt global warming. but when superman arrives, he quickly finds out that the outpost has been plagued by a villain who plans to melt humanity’s hopes for survival. featuring a main cover by brad walker, with variant covers by davide paratore, cully hamner and danny earls.
celebrate the man of steel on superman day, april 18
in celebration of superman day on april 18 (the 1938 publication date for the iconic action comics #1), dc has curated an epically heroic and heartwarming list of titles featuring the man of steel. 
available at participating booksellers, mass market and online retailers:
–all-star superman deluxe superman day edition hardcover (new dust jacket featuring art by frank quitely)
–superman unchained deluxe superman day edition hardcover (new dust jacket featuring art by jim lee)
available exclusively at participating comic book shops:
–all star superman #1 special edition by grant morrison and frank quitely
–superman for all seasons book one special edition by jeph loeb and tim sale
-an excerpt of the upcoming young adult graphic novel jimmy olsen’s supercyclopedia by gabe soria and sandy jarrell
–action comics #1 golden age–size facsimile edition featuring an homage cover by superstar artist dan mora
with more superman-curated content to come on dc universe infinite, this is only the beginning! in the coming months, dc will be revealing more new content as part of their all in summer of superman publishing initiative, celebrating dc’s flagship super hero.

for more information on dc’s summer of superman, follow @dcofficial on social media (including @dc.com on bluesky), and check out the official dc website at www.dc.com. readers on the go can find a curated list of titles spotlighting superman and the superman family on the dc universe infinite (dcui) digital subscription platform. for more information and a free trial, visit the dcui website at www.dcuniverseinfinite.com. dcui is not available in all countries and is not intended for children.
while not mentioned in the press details above, a superman adventures compendium one trade paperback collection, running nearly 900 pages and collecting over 30 superman adventures comics, will hit shelves in june 2025 as part of dc’s summer of superman. stay tuned for further superman-related news and updates right here at the world’s finest.


watch the “superman” trailer in the player above!
share your thoughts on social media via the world’s finest twitter and bluesky pages!
get more video content at the world’s finest’s youtube channel!







james harvey



see full bio





















 



“creature commandos” renewed for second season by max

animated series, creature commandos, dc animated series, dc studios, dc universe, hbo max, site news, warner bros. animation



max announced it has renewed the critically-acclaimed max original adult series creature commandos for a second season. produced by dc studios and warner bros. animation, the first season of the new dc universe animated series was written and executive produced by filmmaker and dc studios co-chair james gunn, and it’s the first project released as part of dc studio’s previously-announced interconnected super-hero universe plans. continue below for press details.
max renews original adult animated series
creature commands, from dc studios, for second season
produced by dc studios and warner bros. animation,
the series marked the first title in the new dc universe

the critically acclaimed and fan-favorite max original adult animated series creature commandos, written and executive produced by filmmaker and dc studios co-chair james gunn, has been renewed for a second season. new episodes debut weekly every thursday on max, with the season one finale dropping january 9.
season 1 logline: creature commandos tracks a secret team of incarcerated monsters recruited for missions deemed too dangerous for humans. when all else fails… they’re your last, worst option.
thewrap labeled the series as “a fun, endearing start to a new cinematic universe that offers gore, thrills, laughs, and emotions galore.” ign called creature commandos “a really rad show” and noted the “performances are an across-the-board highlight.”  collider emphasizes “the new series has all the laughs, emotion, and memorable characters that have already established gunn as one of the biggest and most reliable names in the genre.”
amy gravitt, executive vice president, hbo & max comedy programming, quote: “only james gunn could have conjured this wild band of misfit monsters who tug at your heart and force you to root passionately for them. we couldn’t be more delighted to continue their stories with james, dean lorey, peter safran and our fantastic partners at dc studios and warner bros. animation.”
james gunn and peter safran, co-chairs, dc studios quote: “we’re thrilled to team up with max for another season of creature commandos mayhem. from our spectacular first season of peacemaker to the astonishing run of the penguin to the record-breaking launch of creature commandos, max has consistently delivered above industry expectations and beyond our wildest imaginings.  thank you, casey, sarah, pia, sono and the entire team for your tremendous support of dc studios. we are proud to call max home.”
peter girardi, executive vice president, alternative programming, warner bros. animation quote: “thanks to the brilliant imagination of james and the talent of our amazing artists, dc fans fell in love with this new family of heroes. we are excited to continue this wild ride with our partners at max. you want more monsters, you’re getting more monsters!”
season 1 cast: steve agee as economos, maria bakalova as princess ilana, anya chalotra as circe, zoe chao as nina mazursky, frank grillo as rick flag sr., sean gunn as gi robot & weasel, david harbour as frankenstein, alan tudyk as dr. phosphorus, indira varma as the bride, and viola davis as amanda waller.
season 1 credits: creature commandos is written and executive produced by james gunn. based on dc characters and produced by dc studios and warner bros. animation; additional executive producers include peter safran, dean lorey, and sam register; rick morales serves as a supervising producer.
creature commandos currently debuts new episodes every thursday on the max streaming service, with the season finale dropping jan. 9, 2025. check out the world’s finest creature commandos subsite for additional content and stay tuned right here for more updates!
share your thoughts on social media via the world’s finest twitter and bluesky pages!
get more video content at the world’s finest’s youtube channel!







james harvey



see full bio





















 



“the batman adventures” #12 facsimile edition, “teen titans go” #1 arrive march 2025 from dc comics

batman (general brand), batman: the animated series, comics, dc animated series, dc animated universe, dc comics, site news, teen titans go!



dc comics announced a special the batman adventures #12 reprint, along with the start of a new teen titans go! monthly comic title, will hit shelves in march 2025. the batman adventures #12 facsimile edition reprints the first comic book appearance of harley quinn and will be released with special variant covers. continue below for artwork and further details, provided by dc comics as part of its march 2025 solicitations catalog.

the batman adventures #12 facsimile edition

written by kelley puckett
art and cover by mike parobeck and rick burchett
foil variant cover by mike parobeck and rick burchett ($7.99 us)
blank sketch cover ($4.99 us)
super powers variant cover ($4.99 us)
a costume party gives barbara gordon the chance to dress up like her hero, but a couple of criminal party-crashers force her to truly throw herself into the role! does this “batgirl” have what it takes to take down poison ivy and her unpredictable new partner? dive into the dc comics debut of harley quinn!
$3.99 us | 32 pages
on sale 3/12/25
teen titans go! #1

written by sholly fisch
art and cover by dario brizuela
say it ain’t so! the titans’ comic book—canceled?! desperate for a relaunch, the titans remake themselves as everything from transforming robots to artsy, black-and-white indie comics characters. but when dc still doesn’t bite, the titans turn to more drastic measures…like sabotage.
$2.99 us | 32 pages
on sale 3/5/25

teen titans go! #1 arrives march 5, 2025, followed by the batman adventures #12 facsimile edition on march 12, 2025, from dc comics. check out batman: the animated series subsite at the world’s finest for more on the acclaimed cartoon, and click here for more teen titans go! content. stay tuned for further news and updates right here at the world’s finest. 
share your thoughts on social media via the world’s finest twitter and bluesky pages!
check out more video content at the world’s finest’s youtube channel!







james harvey



see full bio





















 



“harley quinn” season five debuts jan. 16, 2025 on max, trailer released

animated series, batman (general brand), dc animated series, dc universe, harley quinn, hbo max, site news, warner bros. animation



warner bros. animation and max have released the trailer, plus key art and additional plot details, for the upcoming fifth season of the harley quinn animated series. the acclaimed cartoon returns january 16, 2025 to the max streaming service, with new episodes dropping weekly until the season finale on march 20, 2025. continue below for trailer and additional details.



additional details from warner bros. animation and max for harley quinn‘s fifth season are as follows:
harley quinn: season five of the max original adult animated series harley quinn debuts with the first episode thursday, january 16, followed by one new episode weekly through march 20 on max.
logline: the fifth season of harley quinn finds harley (kaley cuoco) and ivy (lake bell) in a new location: metropolis! – the home of all things superman, lois lane, and the daily planet. harley and ivy discover that something sinister is at play and all is not what it seems. looming threats include lex luthor and his sister, lena luthor, plus fan-favorite brainiac. but of course, harley’s crew of misfits and allies will join her on this irreverent journey that takes no prisoners in having fun in the dc sandbox.
cast: kaley cuoco as harley quinn, lake bell as poison ivy, james adomian as bane, diedrich bader as batman/bruce wayne, ron funches as king shark, stephen fry as brainiac, natalie morales as lois lane, jb smoove as frank the plant, alan tudyk as clayface & joker, and aisha tyler as lena luthor.
credits: based on characters from dc, harley quinn is produced by delicious non-sequitur productions, lorey stories, and yes, norman productions in association with warner bros. animation. the series was developed by justin halpern, patrick schumacker, and dean lorey. dean lorey serves as executive producer and showrunner. executive producers are justin halpern, patrick schumacker, kaley cuoco, sam register, and katie rich. co-executive producers are chrissy romero. supervising producers are cecilia aranovich hamilton and ian hamilton. producer is susan ward. consulting producers are jamiesen borak and leslie schapira. co-producer is vidhya iyer.
warner bros. animation and max also released a first look at the key art for harley quinn‘s fifth season. click on the thumbnail below for a closer look.



the fifth season of harley quinn debuts january 16, 2025 on max. all four past seasons of harley quinn, plus the first season of its kite-man: hell yeah! spin-off and the harley quinn: a very problematic valentine’s day special two-parter, are also currently available on the streaming service. for more on the harley quinn animated series, check out the world’s finest harley quinn subsite. 
stay tuned for select harley quinn coverage right here at the world’s finest. 
share your thoughts on social media via the world’s finest twitter and facebook pages!
 get more video content at the world’s finest’s youtube channel!







james harvey



see full bio





















 



“justice league unlimited: original soundtrack, volume one” from dynamic music partners coming dec. 6, 2024

animated series, dc animated universe, dynamic music partners, dynamic soundtrack records, justice league, justice league (general brand), justice league unlimited, music & soundtracks, site news



dynamic music partners announced justice league unlimited: original soundtrack, volume one, a 98-track collection of music from the acclaimed cartoon, will be available on digital starting dec. 6, 2024. the soundtrack is being released through the collaborative’s own label, dynamic soundtrack releases. continue below for the cover art and further details.



dynamic music partners describes justice league unlimited: original soundtrack, volume on as follows:
emmy-winning composers kristopher carter, lolita ritmanis and michael mccuistion (collectively known as dynamic music partners) are thrilled to announce their music to the hit warner bros. animated series justice league unlimited will be released on friday, dec. 6, 2024, for the first time outside of the original show.
the soundtrack album features 98 never-before released tracks totaling over 3 hours of music, including the prime time emmy-nominated main title theme by michael mccuistion. in addition to tracks featuring the epic symphonic orchestration coupled with driving electric guitar the series underscore is known for are special, standalone tracks that were composed for use within the episodes playing on the radio, in clubs, etc., known in the industry as “source music” (as in, emanating from a “source” placed in the scene). collectively, this album presents a comprehensive, 360 degree view of the music from the series and will appeal both to fans of the show and to soundtrack collectors alike.
the album is produced by carter, ritmanis and mccuistion and will be released on all major digital and streaming outlets by dynamic soundtrack records. subscribers to the dynamic music partners mailing list will receive a special, printable track guide to go along with the digital album. those interested can subscribe at their website https://www.dynamicmusicpartners.com or at this link.
the justice league unlimited: original soundtrack, volume one soundtrack release arrives dec. 6, 2024 from dynamic music partners and dynamic soundtrack records, and will be on sale through all major digital and streaming outlets worldwide. check out the the world’s finest justice league subsite for images, videos, exclusive content and much more!
share your thoughts on social media via the world’s finest twitter and facebook pages!
 get more video content at the world’s finest’s youtube channel!







james harvey



see full bio





















 



the world’s finest reviews “watchmen, chapter two”

animated movies, blu-ray/dvd/digital, dc animated movie, dc comics, review, site news, warner bros. animation, warner bros. home entertainment, watchmen



the world’s finest has published its review of the dc animated movie title watchmen, chapter two, which is available to own on 4k ultra hd blu-ray, blu-ray and digital. in short, watchmen, chapter two is a fantastic finish to the two-part animated adaptation of the ground-breaking comic series, wrapping everything up in superb form. to read the complete review, click on the image below.



in addition to a detailed review, the above image also leads to further content including the film’s trailer, imagery and more. warner bros. discovery home entertainment describes watchmen, chapter two as follows:
outlawed superheroes grapple with their personal lives and each other while racing the clock to solve a deepening mystery connected to an impending nuclear war between the united states and russia.
produced by warner bros. animation and dc, watchmen, chapter two is available to own on 4k ultra hd blu-ray combo pack, blu-ray and digital hd from warner bros. discovery home entertainment. click here to read the world’s finest review of watchmen: chapter one, and stay tuned for further updates and coverage right here at the world’s finest! 
share your thoughts on social media via the world’s finest twitter and facebook pages!
 get more video content at the world’s finest’s youtube channel!







james harvey



see full bio





















 



“teen titans” cartoons, “green lantern: the animated series,” “static shock” leaving max in dec. 2024

green lantern (general brand), green lantern: the animated series, hbo max, site news, static shock, teen titans, teen titans go!, warner bros. animation



max has announced the films, series, and specials that are coming and leaving the u.s.-based streaming service in dec. 2024, and a collection of acclaimed, fan-favorite dc comics-based animated series will be part of the titles leaving. teen titans will be removed on dec. 29, 2024 and teen titans go!, static shock and green lantern: the animated series will all follow on dec. 31, 2024. no explicit reason was given for the removal of all three programs.
max and warner bros. discovery describe the departing animated shows as follows:
   
teen titans
fighting for truth, justice and the last slice of pizza, these five teenage heroes are living proof that a hero is never too young to save the planet. protecting earth and beyond, the teen titans use martial arts and gadgetry to battle villains, giant monsters and alien invaders – and still find time to argue over who will do the dishes.
teen titans go!
this follow-up to the popular teen titans series takes a more comedic look at the superheroes, showing what life is like for the teens when their capes come off. teen titans go takes a comedic look at the superheroes’ lives. viewers finally get the opportunity to watch what life is like for the super teens when their capes are left at home and they have to deal with everyday issues.
green lantern: the animated series
based upon the dc comics super hero, green lantern: the animated series follows earth’s green lantern, hal jordan, who is used to being in dangerous situations – but never anything like this! in the farthest reaches of deep space, hal patrols the guardian frontier, where he must face down invasions from the evil red lantern corps., who have sworn to destroy the green lanterns and everything they stand for.
static shock
an ordinary inner-city kid gains extraordinary powers and becomes an urban legend as the first teenage african-american superhero in this series based on the popular dc comics character, static shock, when virgil hawkins, a smart, funny high school freshman, transforms into a new breed of superhero with amazing electromagnetic powers after being exposed to a strange gas.
in dec. 2022, max announced batman: the animated series, justice league, and justice league unlimited would be removed from the service, but public backlash resulted in the decision being reversed. teen titans has been a part of max since it launched on may 27, 2020 under its original moniker, hbo max, with teen titans go! following soon after on dec. 18, 2020. green lantern: the animated series was added to max on jan. 1, 2021, followed by static shock on feb. 15, 2021. 
for more content and material from these acclaimed cartoons series, check out the the world’s finest subsites for teen titans, teen titans go! (a mini-site), green lantern: the animated series, and static shock. stay tuned for additional details right here at the world’s finest.
share your thoughts on social media via the world’s finest twitter and bluesky pages!
get more video content at the world’s finest’s youtube channel!







james harvey



see full bio





















 



“little batman: month one” finale lands feb. 2025 from dc comics

bat-family, batman (general brand), comics, dc comics, little batman: month one, merry little batman, site news



dc comics has released details for the final issue of the four-issue little batman: month one mini-series. hitting shelves feb. 5, 2025, little batman: month one acts as a bridge between the 2023 merry little batman animated movie and the forthcoming bat-family animated series, set to debut 2025 on prime video. continue below for artwork and further details, provided by dc comics as part of its feb. 2025 solicitations catalog.

little batman: month one #4

written by morgan evans
art by jon mikel
cover by patrick ballesteros
don’t miss the climactic conclusion to little batman’s first month! damian wayne, a.k.a. little batman, has all the information he needs to bring down scarecrow but now finds himself trapped in the claws of a nefarious foe … his own babysitter! if little batman wants to bring scarecrow down and save his father, he’s gonna have to get out of this situation the only way a kid can: by driving her crazy.
$4.99 us | 40 pages
on sale 2/5/25 

little batman: month one #4 will be available in print and digital starting feb. 5, 2025 from dc comics.  click here for the world’s finest review of merry little batman and stay tuned for further news and updates right here at the world’s finest. 
share your thoughts on social media via the world’s finest twitter and facebook pages!
check out more video content at the world’s finest’s youtube channel!







james harvey



see full bio



















 1 2 3 4›» 








world’s finest online: a comprehensive guide to the dcau
world’s finest online, a premier resource for fans of the dc animated universe (dcau), is a site that truly understands and values your passion. we offer a wealth of information, news, and updates about the beloved animated series and movies based on dc comics’ iconic characters. since its inception, world’s finest online has been dedicated to providing detailed content about the dcau, making it a destination for enthusiasts like you.
origins and evolution of world’s finest online
dcanimated.com began as a fan-driven project dedicated to documenting the dcau. the site has grown significantly, offering comprehensive coverage of all aspects of the dc animated universe. it features detailed episode guides, character biographies, and behind-the-scenes insights, making it an invaluable resource for fans.
extensive coverage of dcau series and movies
world’s finest online provides in-depth information on all major dcau series, including classics like batman: the animated series, superman: the animated series, and justice league. each series is explored thoroughly, with episode summaries, reviews, and notable quotes. the site also covers dcau movies, such as batman: mask of the phantasm and justice league: the new frontier, offering detailed analyses and production notes.
staying current with the latest developments in the dcau is easy with world’s finest online. the site regularly updates its news section with announcements about new releases, upcoming projects, and special events. fans can stay informed about voice cast reunions, special edition releases, and convention appearances related to the dcau.
exclusive interviews and insights
world’s finest online features exclusive interviews with key figures behind the dcau. creators like bruce timm, paul dini, and alan burnett share their insights and experiences, offering fans a behind-the-scenes look at the making of these iconic shows and movies. these interviews provide valuable context and deepen the appreciation for the creative efforts that brought the dcau to life.
world’s finest online community engagement and fan contributions
the site fosters a vibrant community of dcau fans. visitors can participate in forums, share fan art, and contribute to discussions about their favorite shows and characters. world’s finest online also highlights fan projects and provides a platform for fans to showcase their creativity and passion for the dcau.
comprehensive episode guides and character biographies
one of the standout features of dcanimated.com is its extensive episode guides. each episode of the dcau series is meticulously cataloged, with summaries, key moments, and notable quotes. additionally, the site offers detailed biographies of major and minor characters, providing background information and character development insights.
world’s finest online boasts a rich collection of archival content, including video clips, image galleries, and soundtracks from various dcau series and movies. the site also features special sections dedicated to unique aspects of the dcau, such as iconic moments, crossover episodes, and thematic explorations.
where to watch the dcau
world’s finest online provides information on where fans can watch their favorite dcau series and movies. the site includes links to streaming platforms like hbo max and details about physical media releases. this makes it easy for fans to enjoy the dcau’s extensive content library.
world’s finest online is an essential resource for any fan of the dc animated universe. with its comprehensive coverage, exclusive content, and active community, the site continues to celebrate and preserve the legacy of the dcau. fans can rely on world’s finest online for accurate information, engaging content, and the latest updates in dc animated storytelling.
about the world’s finest online creators
world’s finest online was created by dedicated fans of the dcau. their passion and commitment have made the site a trusted source of news and information. by providing detailed and engaging content, they have ensured that the dcau’s legacy continues to thrive.








follow the world’s finest   
be sure to keep your eye on the dc animation forum, the world's finest on twitter and this very page for daily updates, exclusive content, news and special announcements! 
discuss the anything and everything related to the animated adventures of your favorite dc comics characters right here at the dc animation forum and the popgeeks wf online forum!

venture outside the dc comics universe with special sections here at the world's finest dedicated to gargoyles, spider-man, mortal kombat legends and todd mcfarlane's spawn! still want more? then go check out everything popgeeks and anime superhero have to offer! 
also check out:
-dcau resource
-watchtower database
-legacies of the dcau
-the dcau review
-justice league revisited
-btas podcast







latest content check out some of the latest content added to the world's finest. click the links below for more:

-creature commandos animated series review

-watchmen, chapter 2 feature review

-suicide squad isekai animated series review

-watchmen, chapter 1 feature review

-batman: caped crusader animated series review

-justice league: crisis on infinite earths, part three feature review

-kite-man: hell yeah! animated series review

-the new adventures of batman blu-ray review

-justice league: crisis on infinite earths, part two feature review

- batman beyond: the animated series classics compendium - 25th anniversary edition comic review

- batman: the adventures continue - season three comic review

-justice league: crisis on infinite earths, part one feature review

please note the updates above do not list the regular near-daily updates across the site, which include updates to assorted releases, image galleries, backstage/extra content and more.  the updates also do not include content posted on twitter and youtube.
release schedule continue below for a select list of current and upcoming releases. 

features

watchmen: chapter two
4k blu-ray, blu-ray, digital - available now

watchmen: chapter one
4k blu-ray, blu-ray, digital - available now 

justice league: crisis on infinite earths, part three
4k blu-ray, blu-ray, digital - available now  

justice league: crisis on infinite earths, part two
4k blu-ray, blu-ray, digital - available now 

justice league: crisis on infinite earths, part one
4k blu-ray, blu-ray, digital - available now 

batman: mask of the phantasm
4k blu-ray, 4k digital - available now

series

harley quinn
season five streaming now on max with new episodes every thursday, four previous seasons also available to stream on max

creature commandos
entire first season streaming now on max; season two expected in 2026/2027

batman: caped crusader
entire first season available to stream now on amazon prime video; season two expected in 2025

my adventures with superman
first two seasons available to watch now on adult swim and stream on max, season three coming in 2025

kite man: hell yeah!
harley quinn animated spin-off, entire first season available to stream on max; season two expected in 2025

suicide squad isaekai
ten-episode anime series, all episodes available to stream on max and hulu

batwheels
currently airs on max plus multiple cartoon network and warner bros. outlet platforms

teen titans go!
currently airs on multiple cartoon network and warner bros. outlet platforms

young justice
all episodes available for streaming on max

comics

my adventures with superman
dc comics six-issue mini-series, complete and available in both digital and print editions 

batman: the adventure continues
dc comics digital-first series available in both digital and print editions; season one, two and three complete and on sale

harley quinn: the animated series
dc comics series available in both digital and print editions; "the eat. bang. kill tour" mini-series, "real sidekicks of new gotham" special, "legion of bats" mini-series complete and on sale

young justice: targets
dc comics digital-first mini-series available in both digital and print editions; series complete and on sale

justice league infinity
dc comics digital-first mini-series available in both digital and print editions; series complete and on sale

sectionsshows & movies
releases & reviews
wf exclusives
batman: dark knight adventures
media
backstage
site specials
community
privacy policy
additional news and coveragebatman: the animated series
superman: the animated series
batman beyond
justice league
batman: the brave and the bold
young justice
green lantern: the animated series
beware the batman
static shock
legion of super-heroes
teen titans
dc animated universe
dc universe animated original movie
dc animated series
dc nation
dc animated movie
blu-ray & dvd
comics
music
wf online forum discussions

recent threads/start date



“dynamic duo” animated movie officially in the works - go to the latest post: 10/02/2024 09:10am




batman receives star on hollywood walk of fame, guinness world records title - go to the latest post: 09/18/2024 09:09am




batman: caped crusader news and discussion - go to the latest post: 08/02/2024 09:08pm




creature commandos news and discussion - go to the latest post: 08/02/2024 04:08pm




my adventures with superman news and discussion - go to the latest post: 07/25/2024 02:07pm


featured discussions check out some of the top discussion topics from the dc animation forum:


-batman: caped crusader animated series

-justice league: crisis on infinite earths animated movie trilogy

-young justice animated series

-dc comics animation - animated feature news & discussion

-dc comics animation - physical & digital media news & discussion

-dc comics animation - soundtrack & music news & discussion

-dc comics animation - comic book news & discussion

search the world’s finest





archives archives

select month
 february 2025 
 january 2025 
 december 2024 
 november 2024 
 october 2024 
 september 2024 
 august 2024 
 july 2024 
 june 2024 
 may 2024 
 april 2024 
 march 2024 
 february 2024 
 january 2024 
 december 2023 
 november 2023 
 october 2023 
 september 2023 
 august 2023 
 july 2023 
 june 2023 
 may 2023 
 april 2023 
 march 2023 
 february 2023 
 january 2023 
 december 2022 
 november 2022 
 october 2022 
 september 2022 
 august 2022 
 july 2022 
 june 2022 
 may 2022 
 april 2022 
 march 2022 
 february 2022 
 january 2022 
 december 2021 
 november 2021 
 october 2021 
 september 2021 
 august 2021 
 july 2021 
 june 2021 
 may 2021 
 april 2021 
 march 2021 
 february 2021 
 january 2021 
 december 2020 
 november 2020 
 october 2020 
 september 2020 
 august 2020 
 july 2020 
 june 2020 
 may 2020 
 april 2020 
 march 2020 
 february 2020 
 january 2020 
 december 2019 
 november 2019 
 october 2019 
 september 2019 
 august 2019 
 july 2019 
 june 2019 
 may 2019 
 april 2019 
 march 2019 
 february 2019 
 january 2019 
 december 2018 
 november 2018 
 october 2018 
 september 2018 
 august 2018 
 july 2018 
 june 2018 
 may 2018 
 april 2018 
 march 2018 
 february 2018 
 january 2018 
 december 2017 
 november 2017 
 october 2017 
 september 2017 
 august 2017 
 july 2017 
 june 2017 
 may 2017 
 april 2017 
 march 2017 
 february 2017 
 january 2017 
 december 2016 
 november 2016 
 october 2016 
 september 2016 
 august 2016 
 july 2016 
 june 2016 
 april 2016 
 march 2016 
 february 2016 
 january 2016 
 december 2015 
 november 2015 
 october 2015 
 september 2015 
 august 2015 
 july 2015 
 june 2015 
 may 2015 
 april 2015 
 march 2015 
 february 2015 
 january 2015 
 december 2014 
 november 2014 
 october 2014 
 september 2014 
 august 2014 
 july 2014 
 june 2014 
 may 2014 
 april 2014 
 march 2014 
 february 2014 
 january 2014 
 december 2013 
 november 2013 
 october 2013 
 september 2013 
 august 2013 
 july 2013 
 june 2013 
 may 2013 
 april 2013 
 march 2013 
 february 2013 
 january 2013 
 december 2012 
 november 2012 
 october 2012 
 september 2012 
 august 2012 
 july 2012 
 june 2012 
 may 2012 
 april 2012 
 march 2012 
 february 2012 
 january 2012 
 december 2011 
 november 2011 
 october 2011 
 september 2011 
 august 2011 
 july 2011 
 june 2011 
 may 2011 
 april 2011 
 march 2011 
 february 2011 
 january 2011 
 december 2010 
 november 2010 
 october 2010 
 september 2010 
 august 2010 
 july 2010 
 june 2010 
 may 2010 
 april 2010 
 march 2010 
 february 2010 
 january 2010 
 december 2009 
 november 2009 
 october 2009 
 september 2009 
 august 2009 
 july 2009 
 june 2009 
 may 2009 
 april 2009 
 march 2009 
 february 2009 
 january 2009 
 december 2008 
 november 2008 
 october 2008 
 september 2008 
 august 2008 
 july 2008 
 june 2008 
 may 2008 
 april 2008 
 march 2008 
 february 2008 
 january 2008 
 december 2007 


click below for more!animated movies
animated series
batman
batman (general brand)
batman: assault on arkham
batman: the animated series
batman: the animated series bios
batman: the brave and the bold
beware the batman
blu-ray/dvd/digital
cartoon network
comics
dc animated movie
dc animated series
dc animated universe
dcau
dc comics
dc nation
dc showcase
dc universe
dc universe animated original movie
dc universe movie
green lantern: the animated series
harley quinn
hbo max
justice league
justice league (general brand)
justice league: war
justice league unlimited
legion of super-heroes
physical/digital
review
reviews
sales
schedule
site news
site update
soundtrack
superman
superman (general brand)
teen titans go!
the batman
warner bros. animation
warner bros. home entertainment
young justice








back to top



the world's finest 





© 2016 themify     
all rights reserved 








popgeeks.com
batman, superman, justice league, batman beyond, teen titans, static shock, the zeta project, legion of super-heroes, gotham girls, batman: caped crusader, young justice, green lantern, harley quinn, dc universe animated original movie, dc universe movie, dc animated universe, dcau, dc comics animated movie, dc animated movie, dc comics animated series, dc animated series, dc comics and related characters and indicia are property of their respective owners.



henshinjustice.net
the world's finest and all original content relating to this site is property of the world's finest. do not remove any images without permission. simply, we put a lot of time into the world's finest and do not appreciate our work being stolen and reused without permission. all you need to do is ask us - seriously. that's it! the world's finest is proudly hosted by animesuperhero.com / toonzone.net and popgeeks.com.
 

filmcombatsyndicate.com
additional details:
contact us  -  privacy policy
follow the world's finest:
twitter - facebook - youtube
the world's finest was founded in 1998.  











 














 

