




















red pepper magazine - red pepper


























































subscribe to red pepperaboutsearchglobal politicspolitical parties and ideologieseconomics, unions and workenvironment and climatelaw, policing and justicesociety and peopleculture and media



















about us





current issue





archive





search






subscribe to red pepper





















subscribe to red pepperaboutsearchglobal politicspolitical parties and ideologieseconomics, unions and workenvironment and climatelaw, policing and justicesociety and peopleculture and media











media · technology
breaking up with my x
tom whyman traces a personal journey with elon musk’s social media platform: from a coming-of-age love story to twittering offread more >







capitalism · health
real world pressures are at the heart of the crisis in young people’s mental health
stressing the importance of early intervention, max fafford considers the apparent crisis in young people’s mental health in the context of the unforgiving realities of the world they live inread more >







palestine and the middle east · war and conflict
rekindling fires: israel’s strategy in south lebanon
israel has escalated its bombardment of lebanon, killing over 3,000 and displacing millions. mahdi zaidan analyses israel’s strategy – and the relation of hezbollah to the people of lebanonread more >







alternative economies · capitalism · history · latin america
one no, many yeses: tracing the anti-globalisation movement
the anti-globalisation movement was born at much the same time as red pepper. james o’nions reflects on its riseread more >









current issue
winter 2024
#246







extremely online








twitch and the online left
political livestreaming shows news consumption has become a form of community participation in which political ideology is reinforced, argues samuel rafanell-williamsread now






behind the ‘great firewall of china’
jiannan shi reports on china’s internet censorship – and the creative ways people are finding to sidestep itread now








kenya’s youth-led revolution
rasna warah reports on how young people in and beyond kenya are using social media to challenge corrupt, old-school politiciansread now






grenfell: the cost of austerity
the damning grenfell inquiry report reveals entrenched private sector corruption and public sector failings – and our need to overhaul governance systems, writes richard norton-taylorread now
















preview this issue in digitalformat





subscribe to get yourprint and digital copy









from our archive







einstein’s nightmare: the fascist politicians wielding power in israel 
likud’s corrupt, ultra-nationalist chauvinists are driving genocide in gaza – as anticipated by 1940s jews horrified by contemporary events in israel, writes andrew feinsteinread more >







how trans rights activists changed argentina
argentina’s groundbreaking gender identity laws were won through longstanding activist traditions, diverse tactics and solidarity. the experience has lessons for us all, write alessandra viggiano and siobhán mcguirkread more >







the complicity of the white liberal left in the rise of donald trump
there are deep reasons for racism in american politics, but the white liberal left has done little to prevent it, writes mariama eversleyread more >







sign up to view the full archive via exact editions.









subscribe to red pepper magazine









fed up with the mainstream media?
support radical, challenging, independent media instead!




subscribe now to receive the quarterly printmagazine delivered to your door.plus access to our full digital archive –over 230 issues going back to june 1994!


subscriptions alsosupport emerging writersand fund our events andcampaign work.




choose how much to pay for your subscription

















get the latest articles and updates in your inbox




sign up for our exciting pepperista monthly email
















about red pepper







red pepper magazine is a quarterly publication and website of left politics and culture. 
we draw on socialist, feminist, green and anti-racist politics. 
we seek to be a space for debate on the left, a resource for movements for social justice, and a home for open-minded anti-capitalists.
read more >










advertisements



















facebook
twitter











about usget involvedcontactprivacy policycurrent issuepast issueswrite for us






get the latest from red pepper with our free pepperista newsletter















red pepper is published by socialist newspaper (publications) ltd (reg. no. 02644973, vat no. 577 5026 20) and printed by zenith print & packaging ltd.
© socialist newspaper (publications) ltd 2023. issn 1353-7024
















facebook
twitter
















about usget involvedcontactprivacy policycurrent issuepast issues














red pepper is published by socialist newspaper (publications) ltd (reg. no. 02644973, vat no. 577 5026 20) and printed by zenith print & packaging ltd.
© socialist newspaper (publications) ltd 2023. issn 1353-7024
















manage cookie consent






we use cookies to optimize our website and our service.





functional



functional

								always active							






the technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.





preferences


preferences







the technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.





statistics


statistics







the technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.
the technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your internet service provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.





marketing


marketing







the technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.





manage options
manage services
manage {vendor_count} vendors
read more about these purposes



accept cookies
deny
view preferences
save preferences
view preferences


{title}
{title}
{title}



manage consent









