






classic touch limousine – indiana’s leading provider for ground transportation





































skip to content





home
services
our fleet
contact us
stories








classic touch limousineindiana’s leading provider for ground transportation 


home
services
our fleet
contact us
stories
 


home
services
our fleet
contact us
stories




testimonialskaren's perfect wedding limousineread more 


book now
use promo code 'ctl10' for 10% off
book now serviceswe offer corporate and leisure ground transportation service with 24-hour live support
read moreour fleetour specialization is high quality chauffeured transportation with new luxury sedans, stretched limousines, vans, super stretched suvs, corporate suvs, and party bus limousines.
read morecontact usour professional support team is at your service 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, and 365 days a year! feel free to contact us!
read more





classic touch limousine is indiana’s leading provider for corporate chauffeured transportation, special occasion limousine service, and licensed aerial photography. we provide 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, 365 days a year premium service with live customer support to help you out with any transportation needs or inquiries. if you need the best transportation service in indiana, you are looking for us! in case you’re hiring us for drone photography services, rest assured we’re working only with high-end equipment recommended by professionals. each of our drones has a minimum of 30 minutes of flight time.
 
our specialization is high quality chauffeured transportation with new luxury sedans, stretched limousines, vans, super stretched suvs, corporate suvs, and party bus limousines. all of our vehicles offer the highest industry standards, clean interior, stocked refrigerators with drinks and ice, and other amenities that make your experience perfect. no need to mention that our entire fleet is in excellent condition inside and out and that we provide safe, dependable, and affordable luxury transportation.
our services
we are specialized in corporate and leisure transportation service. for corporate clients, we provide flawless destination transportation services for executives, frequent business travelers, and groups. our leisure transportation service can accommodate any request, from proms, weddings, bachelor’s parties to indiana landmark tours.
 
key details
online reservations: you can book a vehicle, or make any type of reservations using our online reservations system.
24 hours service: we operate every day 24 hours a day, and our staff is ready to provide you live support.
full service chauffeured transportation provided: our chauffeurs are trained, professional, knowledgeable, and courteous.
brand new fleet: all of our vehicles are brand new, clean, inspected, and safe. each vehicle is regularly serviced at least one per month, using only oem car parts.
corporate accounts and billing: we accept all major credit cards, email confirmations are sent after all reservations are made, and we can give you a report of all your costs.
 
corporate transportation services

we understand the importance of corporate standards, and we are providing nothing but professional service. we are committed to providing quality service that meets our client’s expectations. to better showcase our capabilities, we would like to point out that last month (december 2024) we organized a team building for toptal’s python developers, where we were the only company providing transportation services for all 200 attendees. not to mention everything went perfectly smoothly.
airport transportation
we offer professional chauffeured ground transportation to and from the indianapolis international airport (ind). to avoid any possible confusion our team monitors flight arrivals, departures, and gate information to make sure that your transportation is on the time. we also offer ground transportation to and from any private airport in the region.
group transportation
we can accommodate groups of up to 48 people, and we can assure you that transportation will be professional and that group will enjoy the time spent in transit. we offer complimentary refreshments and free wi-fi. we can organise all types of group tours. for an example, last summer we organised split to plitvice lakes tour with luxury limousines for group of 18 that traveled from usa to the europe.
meetings & events transportation
if you want to arrive at the meeting in style, choose any premium limousine from our fleet. if you have a meeting or event to attend, our support team is working directly with meeting planners and event managers for any businesses. we want you to be stress-free and to concentrate on your meeting or event, so we are taking care of your logistics.
point-to-point transportation
you can direct your chauffeur as you need, and we will work on your schedule. this flexible service is billed hourly but you get to choose where and when you want to be. if you have a company profile registered with us you get 10% off for every point-to-point transportation reservations.
vip & executive transportation
we understand the importance of the best service that corporate vip expects, and even though we approach every client with vip treatment, you can use our vip service and name any request that you have. our professional support team will accommodate any request when it comes to service and vehicle selection.
why choose us? besides our premium fleet and professional service, we offer special deals for corporate accounts and you get your account manager that can learn and implement your preferences and provide you a personal approach. in our team, we have meeting planners that can take care of all of your logistics. our expertise and knowledge of ground transportation can save you time and money.
leisure transportation services

 
planning your wedding, prom, or sweet sixteen? we are here to provide you solutions for any need. our huge variety of vehicle selection can accommodate any possible request or occasion. check our vehicle selection page al let us know what do you like! check out our contact page and give us a call or send us a message and you will get a response within second as we have 24 hours of everyday support. don’t hesitate to name all of your wishes as we want to make your day special with our service.
wedding limousines
celebrate your special day with us! we have a wedding transportation specialist and best limousines that will make sure that your special day gets perfect. our wedding specialist can coordinate with your wedding planner so we can make sure that you are on time, by the schedule, to all of your destinations. we have years of expertise in wedding transportation, our limousines will be perfectly decorated and you can choose any type of decorations. in our coolers, you have huge selections of wines, spirits, sodas, and champagnes and it is all complimentary. but that’s not all! we even have some premium drones that are operated by our coordinator that accompanies chauffeurs. we want you to have every possible memory from your special day!
bridal party transportation and limousines
get yourself a luxury limousine, suv limousine, or even a party minibus for your bridal party. we will make sure that you have everything else: music, drinks, and snacks. our chauffeurs will make sure your night is perfect and that everyone gets back home safely.
prom limousines
if you want to get for your prom date in style, we have nice limousines for affordable prices. show up with your date in style! we are offering 10% off for every prom limousine reservations, and children of army veterans have 20% off.
airport ground transportation
our airport ground transportation is one of the best in the industry. we have a flight tracking system that will make sure that your transportation is there on time. we don’t want you to stress about, just give us your flight number and we will do the rest.
sporting event transportation
sports events are amazing, aren’t they? but getting to one is stressful as it’s hard to find a parking spot and you want to relax with few beers. well, you don’t have to worry about that one anymore as we offer sporting events transportation for groups up to 12.
family & group transportation
if you want to organize a family event or go with your closest ones out of the town for a week you can select our family and group transportation service. gathering a larger number of family members and doing logistics can get stressful so why bother with it? give us a call and we can arrange transportation for a group of up to 48 people. don’t stress with how many cars or space you have, your kid can bring an extra item like an electric scooter for a week in the house by the lake! we can make pick up and drop off on multiple locations.
we don’t accept any compromise, we only offer the best! choose our company for any occasion and we will provide you the absolute best possible service. if you have any questions give us a call or contact us by email, or chat with our live support.
 








recent posts

how we organized karen’s wedding transportation: her story







			theme by think up themes ltd. powered by wordpress.			











