   whispering pines log homes | you deserve a log home          
skip to content






menuhomeportfoliofloor plansplanning processcontact us

218.631.1974




once in a lifetime, you deserve a log home.

portfolio


floor plans


start planning


portfolio


floor plans


start planning
































































anything is possible.we can design your home exactly as you want it!whether amid the mountains, lakes, or a beautiful grove of trees, a custom log home is unique in every way. it provides a peaceful way of living not experienced by the average individual. since our beginnings, whispering pines log homes has assisted hundreds of families in attaining the joy and magic that comes from designing, building, and owning a log home.established in 1981,we continue to be one of the area's leading authorities in custom log homes. specializing in log home design which includes timber frame accents, we proudly maintain model log homes on display. our professional team has built log homes throughout minnesota, wisconsin, and the upper midwest. based out of verndale, minnesota.

view our customizable floor plans

we reside in  the heart of the land of 10,000 lakesan inspiration to our
ever-increasing array of
log home floor plans.
it all starts with a vision & a plan.at whispering pines log homes, our experienced drafting department works directly with you to develop a log home for your specific needs. once a floorplan is finalized, we can act as your general contractor and arrange all the work on your behalf or you can opt to go with a do-it-yourself package. either way, we are always willing to help and are only a phone call away.custom log home design &  experienced general  contractor services.our log home company is not only a sought-after log home design authority but is also a licensed general contractor providing full-time job coordination services. pairing these two specialized services together enhances our overall knowledge for developing structurally sound log homes that meet layout desires, location restrictions, efficiency requirements, and budgetary allocations. our general contractor services include: 



helping to secure the necessary building permits and variances 



arranging / locating the perfect building site on your property 



performing the bidding process, scheduling, and coordinating of sub-contractors 



being available if concerns arise 



and much more

we understand the various stresses of the home building processfrom start to finish, we
strive to provide all the
services needed."once in a lifetime you deserve a log home."we have a passion for assisting individuals and families in obtaining the home they desire and work hard to make the process as easy as possible. from start to finish, we strive to ensure that you receive the personal attention you deserve and to provide all the services needed to achieve your goal of owning a custom log home. contact us to get the planning process underway.

call 218.631.1974
partnering with jr constructionour sister company, jr construction, provides general contracting services for new home builds, remodeling, and commercial construction.

visit jr construction website



whispering pines log homes



 218.631.1974



send email



menu




menuhomeportfoliofloor plansplanning processcontact uslicense #bc270437copyright © 2025 pinnacle marketing group | privacy policy
scroll to top          

