










hotsy equipment co. - pressure washers - nebraska & sw iowa









































skip to content



equipment co.


primary menu

equipment

hot water pressure washers
cold water pressure washers
automatic parts washers
shop heaters
floor care
water treatment systems
used machines
custom wash systems


accessories

pressure washer accessories
reznor accessories
floor care accessories


detergents
specials
service
about
contact
 1.800.274.4444
info@hotsyequipment.com
 


proudly serving nebraska and southwest iowa












			a hard day's work ends with hotsy.			
		







equipment
accessories
detergents









bd 70/75 w bp classic








bd 50/50 classic floor scrubber








797ss/897ss – black label








clean energy ce-140 waste oil furnace








clean energy ce-180 waste oil furnace








clean energy ce-250 waste oil furnace








clean energy ce-330 waste oil furnace








clean energy ce-440 waste oil furnace








clean energy ce-340 waste oil boiler








hd series








cuda front-load parts washer








hd electric series








795ss/895ss








water maze clp water recycling system








1400 series








water maze cl water clarifier








cuda top-load parts washer








water maze hbg evaporator








1700 series








555 he








800 series








water maze alpha oil-water separator








bx series








bd series








900 series








500 series








db series








5700/5800 series








gas engine series – direct drive








hc series








hwe series








cwc series








bde series








gas engine series – belt drive








et series








558/559








1800 series








1200 series








771/772








super skid hss series








trail blazer trailer








9400 series water heater








333








km 75/40 w bp








b 75/110 r bp – ride-on scrubber








bd 80/100 w bp classic








used machines








km 70/30 c bp adv electric sweeper








km 70/20 c walk-behind sweeper








cuda smp-1000








cuda vapor corrosion inhibitor








cuda defoamer








cuda app-1000








cuda mpw-1000








high/low variable pressure nozzle








high-pressure “gum remover” nozzle








long-range high-pressure nozzle








variable fan nozzle








undercarriage cleaner + water broom combo








hotsy foam cannon








hotsy “turbo” rotary nozzle








hotsy high-pressure nozzle filter








hotsy fixed base hose reel








hotsy 360º pivot reel








hotsy quick coupler nozzles








hotsy quick coupler nozzle 4-pack








hotsy female quick couplers








hotsy male quick couplers








hotsy female quick coupler plugs








hotsy male quick coupler plugs








hotsy twist female quick couplers








hotsy twist male quick couplers








hotsy water broom








hotsy twist female quick coupler nipples








hotsy twist male quick coupler nipples








hotsy 4000 psi hose








hotsy 6000 psi hose








hotsy tuff flex 3000 psi hose








hotsy tuff flex 4500 psi hose








hotsy high pressure gun swivel








hotsy gunjets








hotsy blue trigger + stainless steel swivel








hotsy hot water wands (4000 psi)








hotsy st-54 dual wand








hotsy flex wand








hotsy “push and pull” wand








hotsy fiberglass telescoping wand








hotsy “single-head” plush brush








hotsy “double-head” plush brush








mr. longarm extendable brush handle








hotsy a+ surface cleaner








structron fiberglass fixed-length brush handle








hotsy drum pump








hotsy remote switch








hotsy trolley system








industrial sandblasting kit








reznor oil filter








reznor oil nozzle








reznor “tombstone” liner








reznor rope gasket








reznor air filter








reznor parts catalog








kärcher floor care accessories








hotsy undercarriage cleaner








hotsy’s compact foamer








california squeegee blade








low-pressure spray gun








hotsy floor mat clamps








hotsy pump oil








chemical resistant sprayer








hotsy parts catalog








power-shine








carbon-ate








yellow fever








super xl








breakthrough!








aluminum brightener








cuda smp-1000








cuda vapor corrosion inhibitor








cuda defoamer








blue thunder








carbochlor








400 wax d








transport








phosphatizer 2








ripper 1








vital oxide








formula 1908








tubmate








cuda app-1000








salt lick








ripper 2








polished aluminum and stainless steel cleaner








miracle wizz








liquid foamer








hotsy “99”








cuda mpw-1000








con-b-gone








fat cap graffiti remover










unmatched service.honest. helpful. hard-working.just like you.
learn more about service options




over 40 years of proven cleaning solutions
learn more about hotsy equipment co.







proudly serving nebraska and southwest iowa

omaha
lincoln
grand island
north platte




hotsy testimonial
more videos


view the hotsy catalog






our salesman was intimately involved in the planning and installation process. he listened to our needs during the entire process. the wash bay was designed right and it works right. the entire layout works excellent."
mike greeb, facilities manager
papillion, city works, papillion, ne


hotsy equipment co.'s service is excellent. our service tech comes in and takes care of us. he’s able to work on our hotsy pressure washer and our reznor waste oil heater. he does nice work. we couldn’t ask for more."
jay buel, owner
buel trucking, eagle, ne


we've been using power-shine ever since we bought our hotsy. it seems like the more we use power-shine the easier it is to keep our trucks clean. we clean our firetrucks after each and every run and we rely on power-shine with each clean."
jason lutz, fire chief
springfield volunteer fire department, springfield, ne


hotsy detergents don’t choke you out or make it hard for you to breathe while washing. the detergents are user friendly. they’re strong enough to get the job done but don’t harm our equipment."
bill harris, president
harris quality, inc. , gretna, ne


salt lick works really well. it does a great job removing road film and the application is incredibly easy to apply with our hotsy."
mike greeb, facilities manager
papillion, city works, papillion, ne


i am very happy with the reznor waste oil burner. it has, by far, surpassed my expectations."
brian ruterbories, owner
ruterbories, inc. , ord, ne


if there was a problem or i thought i had a problem, i just give a call in and they’ll have somebody out to get it fixed any time i need."
tim baumgart, owner/farmer
baumgart farms, humphrey, ne


we use the reznor waste-oil heater to heat a 100’x80’ section of our shop. it does a great job and gets used quite a bit when the weather gets cold."
jay buel, owner
buel trucking, eagle, ne


we’ve been using hotsy’s for over 25 years. we use ours close to 12 hours a day. hotsy pressure washers are reliable and they work great."
doug halbert, fleet manager
builder's supply, omaha, ne


hotsy’s service technicians are always there for us. if we have a repair of any sort, they’re always available and their turn-around is very short so we’re never without our hotsy."
susan dellinger, owner/farmer
dellinger farms, plattsmouth, ne


we use the hotsy detergents on my equipment and am pleased with their performance, keeping my trucks and trailers clean and looking good."
brian ruterbories, owner
ruterbories, inc. , ord, ne


i purchased my hotsy 795 in february of 2016 and i have used it every week since. it works great for washing my trucks and sanitizing my mobile kitchen."
jeff leo, owner
cactus jack's, st. libory, ne


our salesman always takes great care of us. when we call him, he is there and lends his expertise. we can’t ask for anything more."
jay buel, owner
buel trucking, eagle, ne


hotsy equipment co. has been very helpful and always takes care of our needs. hotsy's service techs are always knowledgeable and do a great job getting us up and running in a timely fashion. thanks for the great service."
brian ruterbories, owner
ruterbories, inc., ord, ne


mark rasmussen is a top notch salesman who not only gives you a good deal but also takes awesome care of you after the sale."
brian coughlin, owner/farmer
coughlin farms, elliott, ia


we rely on hotsy equipment co. to service our machine annually. we leave it to hotsy and haven’t had any trouble with our machine."
jason lutz, fire chief
springfield volunteer fire department, springfield, ne


we trust hotsy’s service technicians to maintain and regularly check our machines. the techs keep us up and running with scheduled oil changes and machine check-ups that drastically reducing our downtime."
bill harris, president
harris quality, inc., gretna, ne


salt lick works expressly well with heavily soiled equipment and vehicles. the product also works very well on automotive finishes, effectively removing the residues from the winter roadways."
jamison & stephen brock, co-owners
low cost lawns, omaha, ne


our hotsys are very precious to us. they're incredibly dependable and they're still running like new even after all the hours we’ve put on them."
dee ashbrook, service manager
titan machinery , fremont, ne


the team at hotsy equipment co. is always knowledgeable when it comes to the parts we need for our pressure washer. they always have what we’re looking for."
doug halbert, fleet manager
builder's supply, omaha, ne


our cuda parts washer works really well for us. it’s much better than a brush-solvent tank and makes things a whole lot easier when washing old parts."
gene pfahl, owner
gene's auto, papillion, ne


we're happy hotsy equipment co. is close by. we like to have our machines serviced annually and if anything else comes up, you guys are out and take great care of us."
gene pfahl, owner
gene's auto, papillion, ne


our cuda parts washer is very time saving and cost effective. most places work through a 55 gallon drum of brake clean in 3-4 weeks. with the cuda parts washer we go through brake clean in 3-4 months!"
dee ashbrook, service manager
titan machinery, fremont, ne


our hotsy 900 series is a great machine. it’s trouble-free and reliable. it does everything we need it to do to keep our firehouse clean."
jason lutz, fire chief
springfield volunteer fire department, springfield, ne


bugs have never been easier to get off of my vehicles than when i pressure wash with hotsy’s power-shine."
jeff leo, owner
cactus jack's, st. libory


our hotsy pressure washer is very dependable. it does a wonderful job. whether we’re washing our car or tractor our hotsy has a lot of pressure and the hotsy detergents we use are astounding. they really, really work."
susan dellinger, owner/farmer
dellinger farms, plattsmouth, ne


before our hotsy we had a different brand of pressure washer that we used to clean our trucks. not only do we like the way the hotsy performs, it has been virtually trouble free."
jay buel, owner
buel trucking, eagle, ne


we truly appreciate the dependability of both our hotsy pressure washer and hotsy equipment co."
bill harris, president
harris quality, inc., gretna, ne


we live 100 miles away from the nearest hotsy, yet our hotsy rep. makes time to stop by and see if everything is working properly. hotsy seems to always put their customer’s satisfaction first!"
mark brewer, owner
brewer fertilizer & farms, falls city, ne


if we do have an issue, hotsy equipment co. is very prompt to get us the help or service we require."
mark brewer, owner
brewer fertilizer & farms, falls city, ne


i've been looking at hotsy’s for years and when i finally bought one, i realized it was the best pieces of equipment i’ve ever purchased. my neighbors are begging me to borrow my hotsy and i tell them to buy their own. i won’t share because i love it too much!"
jeff leo, owner
cactus jack's, st. libory, ne


power-shine gets the crud off really well! we’re very happy with our hotsy detergent."
dee ashbrook, service manager
titan machinery, fremont, ne


we use power-shine year round on stainless steel and aluminum. we rely on it in the winter to get the corrosive materials from the road off of our semis and trailers. power-shine works great!"
kevin lindsey, owner
lindsey trucking, weeping water, ne


hotsy equipment has always been there for everything i ever needed. i give a call and they’re there. if i run out of soap, my hotsy sales rep. just drives by and drops it off. the service can’t be beat."
tim baumgart, owner/farmer
baumgart farms, humphrey, ne


we use our hotsy for everything. we clean our semis, our trailers, our shop and all of our personal vehicles. it does it all. our hotsy is very reliable. we’ve owned four hotsys over the years and we’ve only had one hotsy serviced, once!"
kevin lindsey, owner
lindsey trucking, weeping water, ne


our cuda parts washer gets used to clean way more than we initially imagined. all i can say is i’m glad we went with the bigger model!"
mike greeb, facilities manager
papillion, city works, papillion, ne


everything’s there. all the features that you need. once you turn the power on you’re ready to wash. they work great. i never have any problems with a hotsy. i’ve had all brands. all kinds of brands. nothing is better than a hotsy. its the best there is."
tim baumgart, owner/farmer
baumgart farms, humphrey, ne


i am very satisfied with my hotsy power washers; both the portable one that i have had for 18 years and the stationary unit that i have had for just a couple years. excellent machines, very dependable."
brian ruterbories, owner
ruterbories, inc. , ord, ne


i have 50 different things to worry about, daily. hotsy’s scheduled maintenance is #1 in my book because i don’t even have to worry about scheduling a visit. they come out once every three months and do their job. when hotsy says ‘we’re done!’ i know our pressure washers are set."
dee ashbrook, service manager
titan machinery, fremont, ne


when we built our new facility, the easiest thing and the most positive addition was our hotsy pressure washing system. we can’t give enough credit to hotsy equipment co. our hotsy works flawlessly."
mike greeb, facilities manager
papillion, city works, papillion, ne


hotsy equipment co.’s service is great. if there is a problem, from big to minor, they are right out. their technicians are friendly and professional and they do great work."
doug halbert, fleet manager
builder's supply, omaha, ne


our reznor works great in the winter months. that was really smart invention! it’s an excellent way for us to dispose of our waste-oil and turn it into energy."
gene pfahl, owner
gene's auto, papillion, ne





















































1.800.274.4444
info@hotsyequipment.com
financing options


bbb accredited business
copyright 2025 hotsy equipment co.













