








integrity/ceptual institute - homepage






the integrity
    papers
home page   
                 
ceptualinstitute.com




welcome to planet earth's first electronic
  website of

   


the integrity website is open for global
  access.we have assembled numerous writings and graphics discussing this exciting new
  philosophy and perception of....

existence




ceptual
    institute  ~  introduction & in-site headers
philosophy and worldview   -  our
    diverse universe, our unified universe
     our universe harbours nothing 'alien' to
    its own existence.
     humanity  -  as a global population
    and as forbear of future ones  -  is on the threshold of maturing into the
    height and fullness of just what this strange but elegant remark means.  we are in
    fact in the midst of transforming our entire way of "doing life" because of
    scientific and spiritual recognitions that are continually being illuminated around
    us.   the integrity paradigm hopes to be one of the lamps, guiding our way, as
    the enlightenment unfolds.
    the ultimate mystery of why there is
    "existence" is not dealt with in any integrity or ceptual philosophy writings,
    nor do i try.  no claims are made to articles of faith - which reside within each
    person as deeply as they do in myself. 
   but we are beings who
    are not limited in our experiences of wonderment about being, nor our sense of always.  
    the integrity paradigm grew from one mind's perceptions, drawn and seen through the
    discoveries, understandings and acts of all it's companion minds - past and present - and
    all the dynamics and systems it shares existence with.  as a window and as a
    comprehension that material existence is more importantly relations,
    energies, and essence rather than the typically stressed qualities of material
    form, the integrity paradigm explores processes and the meaning of processes, it
    examines all ways and methods of communication, and it eventually makes a singular thesis
    about how every act, every qualia of existence, portrays both actuality and
    possibility.  
the universe is sentient and whole at every level, in
    every act.
    it thrives on meaning and on understanding. 
    it values purpose and it perpetually struggles to become.   in
    its parts and in its wholeness - connections and consciousness of many kinds and many
    sorts pervade the thoroughness of its being.  no aspect of the universe is ever alien
    to any other aspect.  ever. 
    i will not explore or try to explain the miracles
    of life and living with you.  but i will share with you the details and the
    panorama that the plainest parts of creation are imbued with the qualities found in all
    the rest of it - and that by examining even the humblest aspects, we
    see and bind with the connectedness and the miraculous in all of it. 
                  
    it is good science.   it is good spiritual enlightenment.    it
    is good humanity.
                                                                                                                          
    



welcome remarks  (current page)
integrity links  
genre
              -  other notable writers exploring existence 
mindways
              -  url internet links of significance 
conversing
              -  ideas achieved through good dialogues  
dialogues
              -  e-lists and discussion groups of note 
poetry
              -  expressions and harmonious languaging  
detailed insite listings
                (in preparation) 











note:    site
      is best
      viewed in 800x600
especially new and where to find it
ci website sections



  <your  welcome
  continues . . .

where we are, what we are
the universe is a place of extraordinarily
  wondrous behaviors starting from the extremely subtle dynamics of
  fundamental forces.   it develops on through the chemistry of atoms and
  molecules, into the metabolisms of biological organisms, the interactions of species, the
  activities of social, communal and economic-political organizations - and even phenomenal
  events on the cosmic scale. 
everything that you can conceive of, from the massive energies of galactic
  structures, to the evanescent fragility of an infant's breath, are all companion
  presences, and are connected with each other in the most sublimely fundamental and
  intricate ways you can imagine.
the integrity paradigm binds all these things together into a perspective that is unquestionably new and yet
  conceptually comfortable and familiar.   it takes all that we currently know of the
  world we are part of and re-assembles prior understandings in a substantially and substantively
  new way.  it melds topics that were thought to have no connection what so ever and
  shows that they are all representatives of simple singular principles, which, when
  blended in all the incredible and mutually supportive assemblies of being and potential,
  blossom into the vast and awe inspiring beauty that is the universe - an entity complex
  and vibrant on every scale of being.
re-exploring your own being
you are about to participate in a brand
  new exploration of your own existence.     the landscape
  is nothing but undeniably familiar and still exhilaratingly fresh at the same
  instant.   ideas that you used to appreciate with absolute surety, intuitions
  that a from the very fibre of your being, will take on new meaning.  from here on
  out the universe loses any anxious inferences - it is no longer some vast unknown darkness
  to be hesitatingly and tentatively approached simply because it could harbor
  unknown dangers.  from here on out the universe is affirmed as haven and home,
  abundant in wonders and possibilities. 
our universe is a place where creation is here, now, all
  about us, not some moment in space and time that happened in the far dim past
  of cosmic history.  we are not merely products of a singular creative act.  we
  are presences participating in its ongoing
  continuous unfolding -- where creation is a forever process discovering and
  experiencing itself - perpetually, continually, increasingly.  "infinite" -
  to slightly re-phrase freeman dyson - "in all dimensions":   
  physically, relationally, and most important ... transcendently.
the integrity paradigm
the integrity paradigm focuses on the shared similarities of existence,  formally noted
  in the basics of mathematics and philosophy.  but much more  -  even as it
  sometimes uses the language and notions of science - it does something important:  
  it places those dynamics in real situations, and makes the ideas meaningful to our
  everyday lives and to every strata of organization and organism of the universe.
     admittedly, this may seem an arrogant and ambitious scope, but it is not
  attempted without thoughtful consideration. 
the universe we are part and parcel of is a
  continuous, coherent, consistent, and compatible extancy. vibrantly thriving at every
  turn.  to repeat the crucial notion:  it harbors no aspect that is "alien" to its self.  
  all of its aspects co-exist together.  so, it is neither naive nor grandiose to
  anticipate that it can understand itself.   how is that?   by
  what we do, that is how.   we - human beings - are one special part of
  this universe which can reflect on the rest of it - the rest of our companion processes/parts.
we are the universe ..
  exploring itself.
as we look out, so we see within . . . as we look
  inward, so we . . 'find out'.

a technique of fundamentals
to grasp and appreciate the importance of the integrity
  paradigm, a few essential papers will take the time to re-evaluate many scientific
  concepts that are currently assumed to be fundamental, confirmed, resolved and well
  understood, but, in ceptual thinking, may still be open to better interpretation.  if
  you don't read those passages, don't worry.   they are presented for verity sake, to
  show specific new links among facets of existence.    the general readings
  will make perfect sense to you regardless.    
     . . . quick treatments of
  those fundamentals  . . .
one idea is the everyday notion of "equals sign",  = .
     what if it really means that some quality remains unchanged even if we
  describe it differently?   even if the equation 'x=y' allows x and y to be
  different 'information', another 'intrinsic information' measure remains intact and
  immutable.  this may seem inconsequential, but ceptually considered, it's very
  important
another notion is the plato/gödel idea of "bounded identity"... the
  sense that a thing has a complete and independent essence ... separate
  from the rest of the universe.   ceptual thinking appreciates how that view
  could be, but goes a step further.  it finds better credibility in martin buber's
  notion of "i-thou".  instead of some thing being what it 'is', independent
  of the world, the more important quality of existence and being is that environment and
  universe contribute to identity and activity, defining and enabling the realization of
  what a life or entity is capable of being.   
a third consideration is the related notion of 'information'.  it is more
  than some zillion jots of 'data'.    relationships, timings, translations,
  significance, etc., all supply additional and different informative meaning
  to the 'thingness' of something.  awareness and memory are more than cubby-holed
  storings of bits, bytes, books, materials or wealth.    and energy and
  information are constantly being sensed, transformed, coded, accessed, experienced,
  imaged, and expressed in absolutely amazing ways.  
and lastly, but most important, 'entropy',  the
  underestimated sibling of the four fundamental forces, is re-considered.  since
  first being recognized and defined some 300 years ago it has been treated as a single
  mono-framed phenomenon.  ceptually, the more accurate view is that many entropies
  exist -- simultaneously and blended -- with plural bounds and plural frames of
  reference.  entropy turns out to be, in its most general form, a quality of
  differential differences, more primal than anything else, more essential and
  formative than the so-called four 'fundamental' forces, and is present as the
  motivational  and causal driver of everything we experience and know.
so what?
so what does this all have to do with us and our lives?   well, it
  has to do with the notion that the idea which brought all of the
  universe into existence most sublimely accomplished it by inextricably tying all
  activities together, so perfectly and so intimately that the same qualities of existence
  that are present in the simplest are necessarily present in the most complex
  or transcendent existences of anything and everything, also.
to place this in human terms, consider
  :  a person is many things ~
parent, child, mate, explainer, learner, metabolic organism, spiritual essence,
  thinker, accomplisher, decider, planner, bridge, consumer, creator and so much more, all
  at the same time.  every quality and each relationship unique - and yet companionly
  integrated with every one of the others.  each is an identity, each is a gestalt with
  its own dynamics, tendencies and patterns.  each valid.  each distinct.
   each real.  each separate.  all together.  though describable in
  vernacular and even scientific ways, each relationship and activity is inextricably
  connected and woven with all the others.  each set of concerns, exploring and
  impacting alternate simultaneous concerns and potentials, where the mingling of all the
  diversities and abilities is what combines to make us 'human' - fully, completely
  - in the most intense, truest and wonderful sense.
the ceptual institute readings and mindways you
  will encounter will give you visceral and conceptual understanding for how extensive,
  natural and integrated integrity behaviors are throughout the universe.  science,
  art, folk wisdom, chemistry and religions.  galactic infinities, geology, biology and
  gaia.  family.   we are fortunate participants in this most marvelous of
  occurrences - universe.  we are fellow travelers with every mote of creation, every
  process of organization, every thought and spiritual aspiration.  the universe is a
  spectrum of being, exquisite in all its aspects. 






what's new and where to find it





website sections

   



the integrity papers  
  
genre works
      (world writers)
conversations
dialogues
mindways 
poetics









what's new and where to find it













2022 copyrights | ceptualinstitute.com

