




o'mal alaskan malamutes, breed and puppy information








































 
 


 





home
complete menu
malamute life
activities
health
supplies
history
food
motivation 
previous litters  
grooming
breeding
seniors
puppies
humor 
dead toy gallery 




close ×



scroll here for helpful products that support this site >
 
 
   

 
 
   
 
 

 
  

 
 

 
 faithful friend - pet gift basket - dog bursting with a phenomenal selection of both sweet and savory, this grandioso gift is undoubtedly going to be a keeper. inside they'll find a mouthwatering assortment of  delicious crackers, cheeses, crunchy snacks, melts in your mouth cookies and so much. includes: dog treats, snausages, canine carry outs, dog bone frame, busy bone, set of rubber balls 

 
 

 
 

   

   


   


 






 close ×




☰ 





 news:
   
we were down to 2 o'mal dogs (and 12 new chickens..don't ask!)  we were seriously thinking of getting a rescue boy that will get along with the 2 girls.  we're getting older too, so our days of lots of dogs are pretty much done....but we still love the breed.  so we contacted  golden years who works with  few steps from home now.  carol and heather had two beautiful boys available and we drove down to gladwin, michigan to meet them.  one was a good fit...we've renamed him alvin (he just seemed like an alvin rather than the odd name he already had) and he's now a part of our family. he's a good boy with typical young male issues that weren't addressed when he was a puppy...we love him so much! we were looking for a boy dan could take on walks, and a playmate for leelou (netiri has no interest in any other dog since jazzy and mocha).  dan got his walking dog...up to 5x a day!  it's taking a little longer for leelou...he's loud, he plays rough, and he's a lot bigger than her so it's going to take time for her to trust him and for him to realize she'll be a great friend.  in the meantime, we are working on his issues....full story here. we're thrilled to have found such a nice boy who fits into our home so well.
after some lovely emails, i've decide to keep this site up as long as i can for the information it holds for those that need it. perhaps i'll even go into more aspects of rescuing.  it's just getting harder to find the time to maintain this site though it has lots of information that will always be helpful if you have a malalmute or any other northern breed.

 
from our alaskan malamute dog loving family to yours... 
when we got our first malamute, we soon discovered 
  the lack of information on just what it's like to live with one. this 
  dog just didn't do things the way other dogs we had owned did. the best 
  books described their heritage, their working ability, their history. 
  some of the books merely hinted about how different they were from other breeds, 
  but never elaborated. some went into great detail as to how to build escape-proof 
  kennels with proper drainage, praised the malamute's ability to survive in a 
  desolate arctic wilderness in subzero temperatures, praised his strength and 
  stamina at sledge pulling, admired his tough no-nonsense personality. 
  the web was new then, there weren't any decent sites even about dogs, much less the hard to understand malamute. no one told us how to incorporate her into our suburban household with little 
  kids as a family pet. 
we fell in love - 
  far from the habitat of the great white north. we soon discovered her 
  penchant for digging, stealing the roast and shedding bushels of hair on the 
  furniture.  though we bought her from a breeder, he was no help since 
  his dogs all lived in kennels, visiting in the house only occasionally. 
  he didn't know his dogs like we knew ours. when he gave advice, it didn't 
  apply because we had a housedog.  (dogs that were kenneled were much more 
  obedient and rarely "sassed back", since they are so grateful for 
  any attention. no so with a "spoiled" housepet).

  we approached other breeders and owners and 
  soon discovered many  "housedogs" are only part-timers 
  - rotated in and out of kennels visiting in the house. puppies raised 
  "in the house" were usually kept in a basement or back room, away 
  from everyday household noises. 
through trial, error and volumes of reading 
  we learned to live with our girl, completely unprepared for her depth of personality 
  and persistence, and finally came to appreciate her magnificent abilities and 
  what a great housepet she'd become with a little effort. of course, once 
  you love one malamute, sometimes it's only a matter of time before one isn't 
  enough! 
in our quest for a quality show dog we decided 
  to become breeders ourselves, vowing to do things differently. all our 
  dogs live in the house with us, all the time.  nobody is kenneled. 
  we came to find where there was depth in one malamute, there is the depth as 
  expansive as the wilderness in several when they all live in the house with 
  you. wolves have nothing on a malamute pack. a malamute pack is 
  just as loving, just as playful, just as serious about pack order and just as 
  devoted to one another - and challenging to live with!
so with this in mind, we are sharing our experiences 
  with you on this website and have been going on 19 years now.  we were one of the first sites to give out breed specific information.  while everyone else ignored woolies, we made a page about them.  while everyone else elaborated about show brags - we wrote pages and pages about what it was like to live with them - in the house.  (other breeders were telling puppy buyers they could never be good house pets).   we never want you to have to banish a destructive brat to a makeshift prison 
  in the back yard sadly apart from his loved ones if you can learn from others 
  mistakes - the sad fate of too many cute malamute puppies. this is in 
  many ways dedicated to all the rescue malamutes that tried hard to be housedogs, 
  but were given up or banished to an outdoor pen for being "a pain" 
  in the house, only because their frustrated owners couldn't figure out how to 
  fit a primitive dog into modern society. 
this is why we love malamutes.  
  but, why such a big website for such a small hobby breeder that no longer breeds? because it's 
  a labor of love! it started out as just a few pages way back in 1998 and just grew with our experiences!  i also want you to be more prepared than 
  i was (having only owned small dogs) so started writing about our experiences with our dogs.  apparently our experiences have turned out to be quite universal among malamute owners.
 though we are no longer breeding, we have finally attained a lifelong dream to move up north to really enjoy the dogs and all that a northern michigan winter has to offer. we live in northern michigan's upper peninsula - right smack in the middle...not far from pictured rocks, marquette, escanaba, federal & state forests, and 20+ beautiful waterfalls.... it has been wonderful  to have 40+ wooded acres to take long walks with the dogs and enjoy the abundant snow.    stay tuned...i still have a few articles in my head and pages to add...i'm not even close to done yet!  
the alaskan malamute .... 
no breed is as loyal, intelligent or beautiful than the 
  strong, " alaskan malamute ". bred to survive, and used for pulling in the 
  cold arctic, malamutes have adapted to being housedog companions to adults 
  and families having children in modern times. an alaskan malamute will become your best buddy, and while they care for their family, they are rarely protective except of children.   friendly, 
  charming and playful - malamutes love people. quiet house malamutes, malamutes 
  do need regular exercise and a job such as pulling sleds, walks, biking, skijoring, 
  weight pulling, carting, running, sledding and keeping busy. malamute double thick 
  fur ranges in color from red, gray, silver, black to all white. open face, 
  mask and cap are typical markings that distinguish the breed.  our alaskan malamutes tend to be sables and gray & whites with mostly open faces (sometimes there is a bit of eyeshadow under the eyes like a football player or mascara that ran).
in winter, though they love being outdoors, malamutes prefer being indoors to be near 
  the family pack. alaskan malamutes are part of the working group, and are often confused 
  with the "alaskan husky", "siberian husky", samoyed, "greenland eskimo" dog, 
  "wolf dogs" and wolf-hybrids. purebred alaskan malamutes registered by the 
  akc, ckc and ukc come in maloot, kotzebue and hinman strains, named after 
  regions in alaska where first discovered. currently there are several lines 
  of malamutes; ours include storm kloud, hill frost, sno ridge and glacier predominantly. we recently outcrossed and brought in ice cream lines, which include a tiny amount of sno klassic and nanuke to our lines. 
alaskan malamutes are large, but not a giant breed, because 
  smaller was a better use of resources. alaskan malamutes became sturdy, strong 
  and durable - able to survive arctic winters. a giant alaskan malamute or what is often called a mackenzie river husky has less stamina to survive and would 
  require larger quantities of food than an ordinary inuit family could provide. there are also wooly malamutes - where the coat is longer and thicker. 
    the akc standards says the correct size is from 60 to 75 pounds for females and 70 to 95 
  pounds for males, which is what we breed. a profile of the breed, health information, grooming,  history, temperament, about breeders, hints, psychology, and miscellaneous information on housepet malamutes,  dog shows, and puppies are here 
  at o'mal alaskan malamutes website. note i said house malamute malamutes, since that's what we have - no kennel dogs here! yes, it gets pretty crazy having them all in the house!
sadly, many of these beautiful arctic canines 
  get abandoned at shelters or rescued by purebred rescue organizations every 
  year. malamutes tend to be very pack oriented, unlike most other breeds. pushy 
  and dominant - the alaskan malamute is difficult for some people to live with. 
  shelters prefer to adopt most northern breeds to homes having fenced yards - alaskan malamutes won't 
  stay on unfenced property - roaming, hunting small animals and deer. 
the amca or "alaskan malamute club of america" educates puppy 
  buyers on the breed temperament and unique characteristics of the arctic sled 
  dog. members of the amca since 1989, we aspire to be reputable breeders that abide 
  by the club's code of ethics, and consider ourselves hobby breeders, though we are no longer breeding.. we live 
  in trenary, michigan and my web site contains stories, pictures and general information 
  regarding malamutes as well as general characteristics of the breed. 
we used to 
  breed akc registered puppies available to malamute homes and sometimes to show. did 
  you know an incorrect long coat is called a wooly coat? it looks similar to 
  the fur on a collie. groomed it is beautiful to look at, but may pose quite a 
  chore due to matting and may require a professional groomer's assistance. most 
  breeders sell alaskan malamute woolies as malamutes (or should!) and typically woolies 
  aren't shown since the wooly long coated alaskan malamute is incorrect, albeit beautiful. 
malamutes originated in malmut sound alaska and were bred 
  by the inuit people of northern alaska. a native american breed, alaskan malamutes have been recognized 
  by the national breed clubs and akc, ckc, ukc as strong, intelligent and dominant 
  requiring exercise and a fenced yard. the malamute was recently named the official state dog of alaska! alaskan malamute puppies may be cute, 
  but malamute rescues and humane society organizations get them too often as alaskan 
  malamutes tend to howl, dig, challenge authority, and be quite mischievous. 
  sled dogs are capable at showing, working, and pulling but can be difficult to 
  train in obedience or agility. they were bred to pull heavy loads over long distances in the arctic for inuit families until the turn of the century when snow machines became the preferred mode of transportation.
while an alaskan malamute may be comfortable in cold arctic 
  winters in northern alaska, he can make a wonderful housepet too.  alaskan malamute 
    fur sheds and will "blow" during the warmer months, so they can be comfortable indoors year-round. they have beautiful double coats, and require regular grooming. proper care of an alaskan 
  malamute's coat allows best comfort in warmer climates as house malamutes. breeders 
  of quality malamute companions of excellent temperaments, we hope to produce 
  purebred alaskan malamutes that enjoy conformation, obedience, agility and most 
  of all, be wonderful family malamutes. we don't use kennels, our dogs live inside 
  our house and love children. o'mal's goal is to improve every aspect of genetic health and temperament of the malamute as he fits into modern society long into old age.
our dogs are our pets, show dogs, and family and live in the house with us. please enjoy your visit and meet our pack. we offer a wealth of information about what the breed is really like. we don't gloss over the details and want you to understand the tumultuous ride  you're in for if you're a first time alaskan malamute owner - before you buy a puppy somewhere and it ends up in a shelter or rescue!  we are celebrating our 19th anniversary online - we are probably one of the longest running personal websites about the alaskan malamute.  if you discover any problems with anything, or would just like to say hello, i'd love to
  
  . when we did breed,  we practiced accepted methods of linebreeding  to ensure the health and temperament of every puppy. thanks for your long time support and interest in our family website. i just love when you call years after a first contact just to let us know how you're doing.  
want to know more about alaskan malamutes and what it's like to live with them? start here.... 
 







  this website is supported  personally by cindy and dan of o'mal alaskan malamutes. omalmalamutes.com  is a participant in various affiliate programs designed to provide  products and services for a commission.  we thank you for your purchases through the links on this site, as it helps us defray the costs of keeping this information online.  
thanks for visiting 


 more information & helpful links...











 

  voted best  malamute site! 
        20+ years online.  









privacy policy





   omalmalamutes is a participant in various affiliate programs designed 
    to provide products and services, earning a small commission at no extra cost to you.

    all pages are  copyrighted. all rights reserved.
  please feel free to link to any page.
  copying elsewhere requires permission and credit.
 contact us 
privacy 
about us
visit our other websites  








