


















home - the bereans apologetics research ministry






























































the ministry

about us
early beginnings
statement of faith
support us


q&a

faqs


apologetics

introduction
references
recommended books
perspectives
other website links


cults

cult introduction
cult listing
local cults of christianity
foreign cults of christianity
the raelians & human cloning


external links
donate



 






select page



  











welcome to the bereans apologetics research ministry
our ministry serves the body of christ in the philippines by conducting cult-awareness seminars, cult evangelism trainings, video showing, and teaching general apologetics through tracts and literatures.
partner with usinvite justyn












what is apologetics?
it came from the greek word apologia which means “defense.” it is also a derivative of the greek apologetikos which means “suitable defense.” apologetics, therefore, is a formal argumentation in defense of something, such as a position or system. christian apologetics, on the other hand, is the branch of theology that is concerned with defending or proving the truth of the christian faith and the holy scriptures against anything that opposes it.
learn more











latest articles






alltheologychristian livingcultexegesiscatholicreligionsalvationpost-modernismjehovah's witnessnew thought movementa response to the theological commission concerning ed lapiz’s teachingthe philippine-based christian organization plays a vital role in representing and supporting several churches in ...read moreed lapiz and his “jesusness” teaching: the making of a cultseveral cults of christianity do not believe that jesus christ is yahweh. according to the iglesia ni cristo, jesus read morethe danger of ignoring proper scripture interpretation: how christians fall into the same trap as many cult founders ang sabi ng isang kausap kong kristiyano, "eh sina peter nga at ang mga ibang mga apostol ay hindi nakapag-aral. ...read morei was almost deceived by the mmicc cultdisclaimer: this is the testimony of a christian student who was almost deceived by the metro manila international ...read morebagong sanlibutang salin: ang bibliyang hindi mapagkakatiwalaannang ilabas ng governing body ng mga saksi ni jehovah ang kanilang salin sa tagalog ng new world translation of the read morein response to the sabbath-keepersmany people today claim to be christians but continue to follow the ten commandments and other jewish cultural ...read moretwelve (12) common death questions answeredquestion: when a believing loved one dies, would he go straight to heaven or stay on earth for a few days ...read moredefending the teaching on “personal relationship with jesus christ” against mr. eliseo soriano’s attackthe goal of this brief post is to debunk mr. eliseo soriano's arguments in response to a woman's enquiry about the ...read more4 123456 5








the berean apologetic tracts









the public square

join the discussion











do write us!




name


email address


message




send






our ministry serves the body of christ in the philippines by conducting cult-awareness seminars, cult evangelism trainings, video showing, and teaching general apologetics through tracts and literatures. click here for list of seminar topics. for your questions, comments or suggestions or if you want to hear the bereans speak at your local church, send your email to:
justyn@thebereans.net
you may also reach us through the discussion board. if you have any objections, corrections, or suggestions fill up this form and send this to us.



 





quick linksabout us
statement of faith
faqs
  

 unknown feed  


partner with us
 
if you want to support this ministry, you can donate thru paypal using this email address:
 
bereans_arm@yahoo.com
  





designed by elegant themes | powered by wordpress




 

error: 



























