






orangewood foundation : foster & community youth services.















































































for our youth
our 44 women auxiliary
contact us
be a foster parent
careers
 





















toggle navigation









about us
what we do
volunteer
ways to give
events
 












 see our impact!
 read all about the progress we have made this year! 


																			learn more
																		












 become a collaborative foster parent
through the youth connected program, you, your family, and our teens in foster care have a community to support you every step of the way.


																			learn more
																		












why orangewood?
for over 35 years, orangewood foundation's resources, guidance and encouragement have helped foster and community youth in orange county thrive and prosper.


																			learn more
																		











become a foster parent
click here to learn about youth connected program









health & wellness







housing







life skills & employment







education








donate now
click here to make a difference






 









youth highlight
getting your license is a rite of passage into adulthood. for blanca, that chance wouldn’t have been possible without orangewood’s help. 
learn more >





our auxiliary
our auxiliary, 44 women for orangewood, provide the foundation and the youth we serve with invaluable support.
learn more >





samueli academy
samueli academy is our free public charter high school for foster and community youth. visit the website to learn more about what makes our school so great!
learn more >
















if i didn't have orangewood foundation in my life, signing up for school would be so difficult. i wouldn't even know where to start."

blanca
youth










my favorite thing about samueli academy is the teachers. they're supportive and helpful in every way. i'm going to miss them when i graduate.”

shelby
student at samueli academy










receiving the scholarship was a testament that people believed in me when i didn't believe in myself."

orlando
advanced studies scholarship recipient










the hot meals and food at orangewood foundation were the gateway. but the relationship i've created with the staff is where the real magic happens. they gave me the emotional support i needed."

alex
orc youth










orangewood welcomed me with open arms and they've always been supportive and helpful. they aren't afraid to push me in the right direction and i'm grateful."

luz
rising tide housing program resident










i was a shy and self-conscious kid. orangewood staff guided and encouraged me. they pushed me to believe in myself.”

cat
youth










i used to feel unworthy of love or care. mo and lisa in the orangewood resource center (orc) changed that for me. orangewood foundation is my home, and the staff are my family. this program literally changed my life. i have no words to explain how grateful i am.”

angel
orc youth














 
ways to give
make a lasting impact in a life of a youth today!

 


 
how to volunteer
there are many ways to support the mission of orangewood

 






















privacy policy
join our mailing list
financials
downloads
contact us
for our youth
 

 


 orangewood foundation™, 1575 e. 17th street, santa ana ca 92705 p: (714) 619-0200 f: (833) 643-0974 info@orangewoodfoundation.org
© 2015-2020 orangewood foundation™. all rights reserved. |  | fed'l tax id #95-3616628|united way #18822
site by root
 




 



























