








puget sound mycological society | the largest mushroom society in the pacific northwest























puget sound mycological society



members' page
follow psms on facebook
follow psms on flickr




search

psms.org

www.




 










home

about psms

history, mission & bylaws
presidents
the patrice benson
golden mushroom award



membership

benefits of joining
join online
renew online
join/renew by mail
members' page



events

wild mushroom show
research projects
membership meetings
field trips
mushroom maynia
survivors' banquet
event registration



education

poisoning
classes & workshops
id clinics
eating wild mushrooms
reading list
fungi on postage stamps



resources

spore prints newsletter
foundation & grants
harvesting rules
library
recipes
links



contact

contact info
directions
donate






 welcome to psms!
we are an organization that encourages the research, education, cultivation, hunting, identification and the cooking of mushrooms. with over 2,400 members, psms is one of the largest mycological societies in the country.
we share our knowledge about mushrooms through meetings, classes, workshops and field trips.
please join us at a meeting or become a member today!
join psms online



latest psms news

the puget sound mycological society is an all volunteer non-profit organization. psms does not have any employees.
					

save the dates
the ben woo foray will be oct. 17-19th, 2025
our annual wild mushroom show will be oct. 25-26th, 2025



fall 2024 "hildegard hendrickson id clinics" at cuh are done for the season!
						thank you to everyone who participated and helped out. see you in the spring!

					



psms inclusivity statement
for over fifty years, the puget sound mycological society (psms) has nurtured collaboration amongst its members for an understanding
						and appreciation of the wide diversity of mushroom species in the pacific northwest. we also depend on a diverse membership to support our mission to
						foster the understanding and appreciation of mycology as a hobby and a science. in recent months, as systematic inequality in u.s. society is revealed
						to a broader audience, it becomes clearer that inequality imposes barriers on marginalized groups to participation in a wide variety of activities. psms
						opposes all barriers that limit participation in mycology. psms and its board members support a more diverse, inclusive, and welcoming organization where all people,
						especially those who are underrepresented in our organization and society at large, can enjoy mushrooms and all of the activities associated with them.  we realize
						this will be an on-going conversation and are looking to our members for suggestions on ways to increase diversity, inclusivity, and welcoming. thank you as we join
						together to make this long-overdue journey toward systemic equality!
										
					




featured content

if you suspect a poisoning
contact a physician or washington poison center: 1-800-222-1222
more poison information


spore prints newsletter
spore prints is the monthly newsletter of psms containing 

						announcements of coming events and speakers, plus a variety of tidbits, trivia, recipes, and research 

						developments.
spore prints archive



harvesting rules
washington state is divided into numerous federal, state, local and native american jurisdictions. learn the proper rules for each jurisdiction.
harvesting information




upcoming events


tuesday, feb. 11, 2025 - 7:30pm
monthly meeting
 
ron hamill
click here to join this meeting virtually.
the warning signs are all around us, the lights are blinking red. climate change is real and it will adversely impact our lives in the coming years... the most recent fires in southern california are 
just a taste of what's to come.  

our next speaker (ron hamill) has spent the last 30 years studying, cataloging, and making observations concerning these environmental responses to climate change. our canary in the coal mine ron spends 
most days inventorying things that most persons never see. fungi, lichens, and bryophytes (mosses & liverworts) having this perspective, observing these changes year to year - ron gives us a unique view of 
what lies ahead of us. 

as a field mycologist / botanist, expert identfier, founding member of the cascade mycological society, and member of the pacific northwest key council - ron brings a deep and extensive knowledge and 
understanding to bear. his studies and journals cover california, the pacific northwest, canada, and alaska. 

please join us tuesday evening, february 11th- 7:30 pm at the center for urban horticulture / university of washington to hear what ron has to say. 

this meeting will be a "hybrid" meeting both in-person at the center for urban horticulture and virtual on zoom. doors open at 7:00 pm. the lecture will start around 7:30 pm.


					






puget sound mycological society
u.w. center for urban horticulture
					3501 ne 41st street
					seattle, wa 98105
(206) 522-6031
president@psms.org
follow psms on facebook
follow psms on flickr

© copyright 2013. puget sound mycological society. all rights reserved.


quick links

about psms
classes & workshops
contact psms
event registration
join psms online


harvesting rules
members' page
members' benefits
membership meetings
mushroom hunting field trips


mushroom identification clinics
mushroom poisoning
mushroom recipes
spore prints newsletter
wild mushroom show







