






wyckoff



































































		skip to content

 
 



 






search for:


search







 




menupatients & visitors

getting care

departments medical specialties ambulatory/outpatient healthcare equity find a doctor 
 hospitalization

preparing for hospitalization social work & discharge planning patient advocate 
 managing my visit

schedule appointment billing & payment legal language assistance request medical records 
 visitors

visting hours gift shop cafeteria chaplaincy directions & parking 

health professionalscareerspatient portalabout

leadership team wyckoff in the community special projects wic program community service plan regulatory services vision and goals award-winning care directions & parking news & events
donatemenu item



search for:


search








close 





















































care with kindness
in brooklyn and queens





 find a department
 find a doctor












welcome to wyckoff heights medical center




the future of good health for our community
high quality patient care is a dedicated team effort. we have created a warm, caring place for preventive health services and healing. our team is ready for you whenever you need us.





what can we help you with?






 departments
 find doc
 appointment
 visitors
price transparency / shoppable services
 donate












award-winning care




wyckoff heights medical center has received the american college of cardiology’s ncdr chest pain   ̶   mi registry gold performance achievement award for 2024. wyckoff is one of only 61 hospitals nationwide to receive the honor.


see more







provider spotlight
director of neurology steven smith, md, faes, has been named by new york super doctors® rising stars as a top doctor for 2025. thanks to his leadership, the department opened its eeg laboratory, providing 24/7 eeg services, and achieved whmc’s first primary stroke center designation.


see more







pci
cardiologists at wyckoff heights medical center offer percutaneous coronary intervention, better known as pci or coronary angioplasty, a non-surgical treatment that opens a blocked or narrowed coronary artery to restore blood flow to the heart.


see more








wyckoff recently recognized its cardiac catheterization and electrophysiology laboratory for achieving the highest patient satisfaction scores for 2024.
wyckoff reconoció recientemente a su laboratorio de cateterismo cardíaco y electrofisiología por lograr los puntajes más altos de satisfacción del paciente para 2024.


see more


our departments




over three dozen medical departments and nearly 1,900 physicians, nurses, and support personnel support wyckoff’s mission of providing the highest quality healthcare services to a diverse community.


see more














our medical specialties




in addition to the overall, high quality healthcare that wyckoff provides to the community, there are several more medical specialties we offer that recognize specific needs of patients who utilize the hospital’s services.


see more


health professionals




we are committed to providing the community with exemplary medical professionals by hiring qualified individuals for all departments and providing ongoing skills development and comprehensive training.


see more








our vision for our community












ralph l. ruggiero


 i am privileged to lead an accomplished faculty, staff, and resident team, all of whom are focused on our mission to improve the lives and health of the women in our community. the department is committed to providing the highest quality obstetrical care, women’s healthcare, cancer screening and treatment, and all other reproductive services. we pride ourselves in providing compassionate, respectful, family-centric care that serves a diverse population of women and encourages close collaboration across clinical disciplines. our comprehensive ob/gyn residency program ensures that future generations of exceptional healthcare providers are available to serve our community.

   



			ralph l. ruggiero, md, facog, facs		

			chairman		






mounzer tchelebi, md


 the department of radiation oncology at wyckoff heights is one of the most dynamic fields in medicine for cancer care. it is dedicated to the service of its community of patients and their families. our mission is to provide excellence in care through prevention, education, and treatment in a safe environment.  



			mounzer tchelebi, md		

			chairman		






gustavo del toro, md


 we are dedicated to the health of all children at every stage of their development. our qualified and highly trained pediatricians, nurse practitioners and our nursing team are skilled at diagnosing, treating, and managing wide range of illnesses in babies, toddlers, teenagers, and young adults. our mission for every child in our care is to grow up happy, healthy, and physically fit.  



			gustavo del toro, md		

			chief medical officer		
 



our story








make a difference in the lives of our patients




our hospital depends on the generosity of our friends and partners to continue its healing endeavors. we deeply appreciate individual gifts of any size.


 donate


patient testimonials




whmc’s mission and commitment to safe, quality service enables us to become the premier health care provider for the culturally diverse community we serve. our patients agree.


see more










 







patients & visitorsdepartments
find a doctor
patient portal
billing & payment
price transparency
healthcare equity
 



abouthealth professionals
careers
news & events
follow us on facebook
follow us on instagram
 



wyckoffcontact us
directions, parking, & locations
donate
 









copyright © 2025 wyckoff | powered by wyckoff
 






        // 
































