



    1540 wadk newport  



























































  

 

















  

 


















 





				6:00pm - 6:00pm			






  

 









listen live 




home


on air



			bobb angel		



			bruce newbury		



			steve cascione		



			teddy horan		



			matt g.		



			frankie boyer		



			jim campbell		



			robert reiss		



			steve conti		



			rick kelly		



			ray brown		



			the money pit hosts		



			motor medics		



			rmworldtravel		



			straight talk money - mike robertson, chase robertson, and peggy tuck		



		programs	



		schedule	




podcasts



			talk of the town with bruce newbury		



			gov dan mckee on wadk oct 23 2024		



			assn ri authors 2024 authors expo series		



			gov dan mc kee with bruce newbury jan 06 2025		



			the big ticket with teddy horan		



			elder affairs		



			the irish hour with rick kelly		



			local sports broadcasts		



			the business of greater newport		



			preservation society newport county hour		



			newport hospital podcast		



			leadership at all levels		



			the open forum		




photos & videos



		station photos	




		talk of the town		







local news



			local municipal meeting agendas		




deals



		wadk classifieds	



		wadk business directory	




community



			submit an event		



			spotlight on giving		



			traffic cams		



			high school and college sports		



			event calendar		



			weather		



			closings & delays		



		business of the week	



		elder affairs	



		today's riddle	




contact



			contact info		



			fcc applications		



			advertise on wadk		



			contest rules		



			current contests		



			employment		



			submit press releases		



		eeo report	
















keyword


go



 





listen to mornings with bruce weekday mornings 7 to 10
listen to elder affairs most fridays 11am  
tap your foot with the irish hour.  sunday mornings at 8
studio hotline 401-846-1028


 


login/register




email address:



password:

forgot password 


login


not a member? sign up here! 








 

























talk of the town



  

 












 

 










					news center					











        national news      



        world news      



        politics news      



        business news      



        entertainment news      



        health      






agency data shared by doge online sparks concern among intelligence community


            sat feb 15th, 2025            



andrew harnik/getty images(washington) -- elon musk's department of government efficiency has sparked concerns within the intelligence community after it posted information about an agency that oversees u.s. intelligence satellites to its newly launched government website.the doge website, updated earlier this week to include information about the federal workforce across agencies, contained de...
read more



more stories



            new jersey restaurant impacted by misleading video claiming ice raid, owner says          



            males detained by ice to be housed in federal prisons, new memo says          



            ralph yarl shooting suspect strikes deal, pleads guilty to second-degree assault          



            judge who oversaw trump's jan. 6 case will hear arguments over musk's authority to run doge          



            dc plane crash: new details emerge from ntsb investigation          


view all stories





pope francis showing 'some' improvement amid hospitalization for bronchitis, vatican says


            sat feb 15th, 2025            



vatican media via vatican pool/getty images(rome) -- pope francis is showing "some" improvement in his lab tests as the pontiff remains hospitalized with a respiratory tract infection, the vatican said saturday.the pope "rested all night" and he has no fever, the vatican said in a statement. his treatment has been slightly modified based on further "microbiological findings," according to the s...
read more



more stories



            vance, zelenskyy meet on ending russia-ukraine war as administration sends mixed messages          



            pope hospitalized for 'necessary tests' as bronchitis treatment continues          



            trump's threats to pull aid if egypt, jordan don't accept palestinians could lead to new alliances, experts say          



            30 injured in 'suspected' vehicle attack in munich, police say          



            germany protests 'regrettable' trump 'concessions' to putin on ukraine          


view all stories





federal judge hands musk’s doge a win on data access at 3 agencies


            sat feb 15th, 2025            



andrew harnik/getty images(washington) -- elon musk's department of government efficiency can continue to access sensitive records from at least three federal agencies after a federal judge in washington denied a request to block musk's budget-slashing team from the department of labor, department of health and human services and the consumer financial protection bureau.u.s. district judge john...
read more



more stories



            another new york federal prosecutor resigns over doj order to dismiss eric adams case          



            trump mug shot hung just outside oval office, photos show          



            with mass layoffs expected, judge to weigh blocking the dismantling of consumer watchdog cfpb          



            democratic senators want more details on costs and impact of border mission          



            lawmakers worry china could take over after trump pauses foreign aid          


view all stories





americans' credit card debt reaches new record high: new york federal reserve


            thu feb 13th, 2025            



adam gault/getty images(new york) -- americans' household debt -- including credit cards, mortgages, auto loans and student loans -- is ata new all-time high$18.04 trillion, according to a report released thursday by the federal reserve bank of new york.overall debt grew by $93 billion in the last three months of 2024 -- and about half of that increase was new credit card debt.americans' tota...
read more



more stories



            tesla shares have plunged while musk takes on washington. is that the reason?          



            tesla shares have plunged while musk takes on washington. is that the reason?          



            inflation increased in january, posing obstacle for trump tariff plans          



            ex-employees say tom krause, tapped by musk to overhaul treasury, was a 'hatchet man'          



            quiksilver, billabong and volcom stores are closing in the us in 2025          


view all stories





lily collins shares family photo after welcoming 1st child


            fri feb 14th, 2025            



dave benett/wireimagelily collins is celebrating all the love this valentine's day with her family.the emily in parisactress took to instagramto share a selfie with her husband,charlie mcdowell, and their newborn baby, tove jane mcdowell."i truly can't imagine feeling more love," she captioned the post. "valentine's day (and every day) just got a whole lot sweeter."collins and mcdowellwelco...
read more



more stories



            new dating series 'muslim matchmaker' streaming on hulu          



            'cobra kai' stars tanner buchanan and mary mouser are engaged          



            'bridgerton' season 4 first-look video teases benedict's 'cinderella' love story          



            weekend watchlist: what's new on streaming          



            former cast members talk 'snl''s 50-year longevity ahead of weekend of anniversary specials          


view all stories





rfk jr. has questioned rising autism rates. here's what experts say he gets wrong about the disorder


            thu feb 13th, 2025            



(atu images/getty images)(washington) -- during his confirmation hearings two weeks ago to lead the department of health  human services (hhs), robert f. kennedy jr. repeated several unfounded claims about autism.kennedy, an environmental lawyer who has made money through books, speeches and lawsuits while sharing vaccine skepticism, refused to say that vaccines don't cause autism despite many...
read more



more stories



            weight loss drug semaglutide may reduce alcohol cravings, heavy drinking and smoking, new study finds          



            measles cases are rising in the us, mainly among those who are unvaccinated: health officials          



            billions of nih scientific research dollars set to be cut by federal government          



            cancer research group calls on trump administration to restore data access          



            doctors' visits for flu highest in 15 years, most since swine flu pandemic: cdc          


view all stories




 

 












 

 















					wadk local news					

















                                            rhode island news summary


posted friday, february 24th, 2023 5:24am




                                                                                (undated)  --  here is the latest news: police in providence are continuing their search for four suspects who were involved in a home invasion. a cumberland man has been sentenced to spend ...                                    


read more









  






                                            ri veterans: did you know?, business beat, and more!


posted thursday, february 23rd, 2023 8:33am




                                                                                
	
		
			
			
				
					
						
						
							
								
									
									
										
											
												
												
												
											
										
									

						...                                    


read more











                                            rhode island news summary


posted thursday, february 23rd, 2023 5:11am




                                                                                (undated)  --  here is the latest news: the rhode island attorney general has determined several providence police officers used necessary force on a man who died in 2021.  a homicide i...                                    


read more











                                            rhode island news summary


posted wednesday, february 22nd, 2023 4:22am




                                                                                (undated)  --  here is the latest news:  cicilline will leave congress on june 1st.  poker returns to bally's twin river this week.  a pawtucket man reported missing has ...                                    


read more









  






                                            homeless in ri, networking pick of the week and more


posted tuesday, february 21st, 2023 8:18am




                                                                                
	
		
			
			
				
					
						
						
							
								
									
									
										
											
												
												
												
											
										
									

						...                                    


read more








view all




  

 















					event calendar					









february




s


m


t


w


t


f


s





 
 
 
 
 
 

1

 

2


3


4


5


6


7


8

 

9


10


11


12


13


14


15

 

16


17


18


19


20


21


22

 

23


24


25


26


27


28

 


  

 










					sports					













scoreboard roundup -- 2/13/25

posted friday, february 14th, 2025 7:47am





scoreboard roundup -- 2/12/25

posted thursday, february 13th, 2025 5:58am





scoreboard roundup -- 2/11/25

posted wednesday, february 12th, 2025 5:31am





view all



  

 










					entertainment					













lily collins shares family photo after welcoming 1st child

posted friday, february 14th, 2025 3:15pm





new dating series 'muslim matchmaker' streaming on hulu

posted friday, february 14th, 2025 1:30pm





'cobra kai' stars tanner buchanan and mary mouser are engaged

posted friday, february 14th, 2025 12:00pm





view all



  

 




















 

 












 

 










					weather					











	 
  

 











  

 











  

 










					closings & delays					










  

 










					ri emergency management					









  

 










					covid-19					








  

 










					rhode island features					










  

 










					on facebook					











wadk 1540am
  

 












 

 












 

 













 






 




 




 




 




 


















home | employment opportunities | advertising information | contests | contest rules | contact us
wadk public file | eeo | fcc applications
 
  

 










persons with disabilities needing assistance with public inspection file content should contact bgomes@3gbroadcasting.com or call 401-846-1540
  

 








© 2025 wadk-am, 3g broadcasting 
 

built on envisionwise technology. 
 































