






golden oldies lyrics, year top charts and much more by lyricsvault





























welcome to lyrics vault. 
the most complete lyrics collection of tophits to remember.
golden oldies and evergreens, from 1900 through the current age, for all to explore!
the purpose  of this site is to create an info base, dedicated to the history of pop music. 
  a place
  that is stacked with hits and artists  who will survive all generations, evergreens who will never retire, 
  accessible  to each and everyone who wants to jog his or her memory .
i hope you will find here what you're looking for, enjoy your stay and come back often. 
always at your service , yours truely, geert van hemelryck.
lyricsvault chronicles the biggest pop hits of the entire 20th century,
  in yearly rankings of the top 40 songs of every year from 1900 through the current age. 
          whatever your generation, lyricsvault holds the soundtrack of your life. 
          this chronological tour through the prime of pop's past take you from ragtime to rap,
  from crooners to country, from big bands to r&b, from the cylinder to the cd. 
          the ranking of the top 40 hits of each year is based on multiple country's weekly popular record charts 
  and lists complete chart data on every hit. 
          highlight the events, moods and pop music trends of each decade. 
          a complete alphabetical artist section and title section lists each song shown in the yearly ranking section. 
also includes pictures of the top artists, and a listing of the top hits and top artists by decade.
lyrics  vault is here to serve you, for your non-profit curiosity, to help you remember  the past,
        find forgotten songs, and open your ears to new experiences.
no catches. 
 
lyricsvault is, and will always be, a non-profit hobby project without any commercial intentions.
          all advertising proceeds/tests will only be used  to maintain its hosting costs.
          (with all experiments started beginning 2011, conducted with all different ad-serving companies, 
  i can only conclude that they all only sell wind and bottomless promisses.  )

lyrics  vault features over 209800 music hits, performed by more than 16859 artists (accountable) 
          and it is one of the greatest free  sites to add the latest lyrics as new golden oldies come out.
most of the historical information of the american charts included in lyricsvault are derived from the work of joel whitburn (www.recordresearch.com), 
          widely recognized as the most authoritative historian on       charted music.
          today, joel leads a team of researchers who delve into       all of billboard’s music and video charts to an unmatched degree of       depth and detail, 
          displaying his findings in the series of books (top 40 hits, top 40 albums,       top 40 country hits) he writes for billboard’s book division.

lyrics  vault is a vault stacked full with lyrics of the greatest hits to remember,
        world classics and top year charts from the year 1900 up to the potential  'golden oldies' from today. 
          lyricsvault  has a large, every day growing universe of lyrics where stars of all genres and  ages shine.
          we are not like most other lyrics sites who advertise to have over 250000 songs aboard (everyone knows how true and reliable such advertisements are),
          the artists included here must have been appraised in such a way that they shine  in the end-year top charts included in the charts section. 

at lyrics  vault you can browse by artist or use a search engine to find the words of that  particular song you hear so many times but you forgot the words. 
  the sound of  music you like, no matter what type: rock&roll, soul, reggae,  r&b, rock, bigband ... you can find them at lyrics vault. 
          as long as the song featured on  a year top chart of belgium,  the netherlands, america,  and of course if the song has a lyric... it will be included in lyrics vault.
most of the  lyrics at lyrics vault are transcribed by yours truly, some others are submitted  by users or by moderators.
          if you have  a lyric of a song that you wish to request, please do so at lyrics vault.
lyrics  vault includes not only english lyrics, but also those in other languages like  french, dutch, german, spanish, italian, etc.

          as an  extension
 
 i will include several other songs from these great everlasting  artists into the site, the authors of the songs and the release record label... as time permits.
each great  artist will get a hall of fame record in lyrics vault explaining who  he/she/they are with photo and biography and an enumeration of the album(s) the  artists released.
lyrics  vault includes the different charts from the golden years so you can see what  these greatest artists performed over the years.
at lyrics  vault you can find a timeline; to get you a greater knowledge about the history  of music in general, 
          the genealogy of the musical genres, a timeline of music  related historical dates, etc. 
 
one  important remark however: 

the lyrics  you find here are only to be used for entertainment and educational purposes. 
          the lyrics are copyrighted and cannot be used for  your own profit without the written concent of the creative artists. 
          these  lyrics are here for my and your personal enjoyment only. 
          i will not, and you  must not, gain commercially from this site. 
to clarify  the difference between authorship and transcription, authorship means that  someone creates the song and composes the lyric hoping to make a hit wonder. 
          transcription means that someone listens carefully to a song and writes/types  whatever he/she hears, which sometimes may not be correct. 
          the lyrics you find  here are all transcribed, not authored.
 
 
you can help! 
this  project (site development, seo, site content, ...) is done by me, myself and i. that means that i'm constantly struggling  with a lack of time. 
since  i’m mother tongue dutch, i can use some help from people who’s mother tongue is  english, spanish, … to transcribe (not translate) some songs.

              

              there are still a lot of information gaps in the site, all contributions to fill these gaps are more than welcome.

              lyricsvault wants to thank some people that stand above the crowd with their contributions to the site:
                - anita le nobel: master of finding and delivering the missing detailed song info (composers, album, ...).
                - mark coutinho: contributed immensely with the correction of thousands of songs and  additional info for the songs appearing in the dutch top 40 from  1965 on. 

 
 
joyriding

since this site is doing so well, a lot of other people want to take advantage
          of it and try to joyride by creating other domain names that looks like or sound
          like lyricsvault.net!

          this way of  handling is based upon the fact that people have heard about the site but don't  recall the correct syntax, 
        lurking the poor visitors to their sites, often  trying to get some money out of these unaware visitors. 
the only correct url's to connect to this marvellous site is:
 www.lyricsvault.net, www.lyricsvault.info, www.lyricsvault.eu, www.lyricsvault.be, www.lyricsvault.org, www.lyricsvault.mobi! 

      all others are fake!







































technoratimedia
 






fidelity








sovrn







technoratimedia








lyricsvault  is a not-for-profit site.
				this site is  supposed to be supported by ad income, which is practically null for the moment. 
please don't use ad blocking tools here.
				all  advertising proceeds will only be used to maintain our presence on the web.
1.65





















 

  			    custom search		      
































your ip address: 2400:adc5:168:3500:1524:247d:f707:91cd 





 


lyrics are property of the artists who made them. 
    the texts you find here may not be used for professional use without the written  concent of the creative artist.

www.lyricsvault.net
    the ultimate lyrics site for golden oldies and unforgettable evergreens.

also reachable at: www.lyricsvault.info,
    www.lyricsvault.eu, www.lyricsvault.org, www.lyricsvault.be, www.lyricsvault.mobi. 


courtacy advertisement


vhb accountants 


 


privacy policy
terms of service
 






 



. 
 


