







the writing studio – celebrating the craft of writing and the art of storytelling.





































 

























celebrating the craft of writing and the art of storytelling. 



home
contact us
about us
services
courses for writers
story editing & polishing
retreat for writers in the karoo
2025 film releases
from page to screen
south african filmmaking
theatre
the beauty of incomplete things
 





search





follow me on twitter
my tweets 







home




about us / courses / services / film / theatre / newsletter / contact us
latest features


“september 5 raises a number of questions that are more important to address than ever,” says director and writer tim fehlbaum. “beside our goal of telling a fast-paced, thrilling story, the film also sheds light on this historical event from a very specific perspective and i believe that the combination of these elements will hopefully create an exciting, and simultaneously thought-provoking experience for audiences.” read more 


“the book was given to me. when i read it, i loved that it was a story about parents struggling with issues that all parents face. yet, it was told through the perspective of a kid with autism,” writer-director jon gunn states. of the unbreakable boy.  read more


“bridget jones is such a vivid, lovable character because she is real. she doesn’t have it all figured out and constantly makes mistakes, just like everyone else. but she does it with humour and resilience. this is why people can relate to her and root for her,” says novelist helen fielding about bridget jones: mad about the boy. read more



celebrating 25 years 
the writing studio was awarded best independent writing & storytelling training initiative 2024 – south africa in the global business awards 2024.







share this:facebooktwitterlinkedinpinterest 



2000 - 2025 © the writing studio & daniel dercksen.  all rights reserved.  web developed by bryn hunter.
				




 
 

 




















































































loading comments...



 


write a comment...




email (required)



name (required)



website























































