




fundraising ideas & products for schools/non-profits 2016 made in the usa
















american-made products!!!
about bakeco fundraising

 to get started call brenda (206) 592-2082 in seattleor 1-800-535-2253
 printer friendly brochure
one page overview

 washington stateyear-around program


local car wash coupons, 70% profitpink elephant / shurclean>
 our best programs for 2016-2017shipped freeyear-around to 48 states

nature in bloom & art in nature catalogspremium flower bulbs for fall or spring planting
from boston's best coffeethe ultimate beverage collectiongourmet coffee, flavored coffee, cappuccino, cocoa, iced tea, cider, smoothies and chai
 read and learn
about bakeco fundraising

awards program ideas












bakeco fundraising
1-800-535-2253www.bakeco.com










since 1993, bakeco has offered groups up to 50% profit and free shipping on fundraising products.  our fund-raising ideas, blended with quality usa-made products, provide a platform for successful fundraisers for schools, pta, pto, sports teams and leagues, clubs, church and youth groups, non-profit charities and civic organizations of all types and sizes in 48 states.  we take pride in focusing on fund raising products that are healthy for people and the environment.





brenda@bakeco.com


hello. my name is brenda, and as owner of bakeco fundraising, it is my mission to ensure your fund-raising success by representing products of quality.  the bakeco motto:  "exceed your customer’s expectations, never deliver embarrassing disappointments, and you will receive the participation and profit you deserve from your fund raiser.   a happy fund raising customer this year supports your fundraiser again next year.




when you choose bakeco fundraising, you receive --



excellent profit at reasonable and affordable prices.
made in the usa quality--no substitutes, out-of-stocks, or stale product.  we ship manufacturer-direct for freshness and timeliness!
our unconditional money-back guarantee for you and your purchasers.
the benefit of our experience since 1993 as a fundraising supplier; we know what we're doing.
personalized and dependable service directly from the owner—with references.




fine quality fundraising products made in the usa

download adobe reader




2003-2016 - printed materials for customer use only!
web site created and maintained by brenda and bruce blair, owners, bakeco fundraising






