














african-american brides website















skip to main  |
      skip to sidebar





























gorgeous "great gatsby" wedding cake






this new wedding cake inspired by "the great gatsby" was created by brown betty dessert boutique in philadelphia.   it is being featured in this month's philadelphia magazine.





















while we're thinking outside of the box






take a look at this stunning powder blue wedding gown designed by claire lafaye.  we posted it on our blog last year and it was one of our most viewed articles of the year.  






gorgeous, right?!  what do you think?   would you take a chance on a powder blue dress for your wedding day?  



















the bridal pantsuit






am i for real?   i sure am.  earlier this year carolina herrera debuted her first ever bridal pantsuit, and since then lots of other designers have been taking note.  i mean the suit is lovely, is it not?    





i probably wouldn't have considered it for my wedding, but i wouldn't mind wearing it somewhere.  and although some of the wedding pantsuits coming down the runway do look dressy enough for a wedding, others are more suited for one of p-diddy's "white" parties.  

here is another beautiful suit by yuki katsura.




it's hard to believe, but bianca jagger got married to her rockstar husband in a similar ensemble 42 years ago. 


even though this style will never be worn by the majority of brides, could it work for some of the super-independent ladies out there?   























celebrate in color review









this is really, really, really overdue.   celebrate in color approached me about reviewing their products a year ago.  during that time, one thing or another kept cropping up - everything from a blog hiatus to digital camera woes.  but now that i've had a chance to thoroughly review these products i can say, "boy, was it worth it!"  no lie - these items are some of the most adorable party products and stationary i've ever seen for people of color, covering everything from engagement parties to wedding showers. if i weren't already be married, i'd be all over them. 
take a look:  



napkins 




paper cups




paper plates




shower and party invitations







they all look great, right?!  and i'm happy to report that the quality and thickness of all the materials are very good.  i love quality invitations no matter what the occasion and i was impressed that these in particular were printed on a nice cardstock in unique designs.   i highly recommend all of these.  now i have to find someone to throw a shower for!


celebrate in color is located in virginia but can be contacted worldwide through the website, celebrateincolor.com, or on facebook.






















older posts

home


















the blog









african american brides blog









should you invite your ex to your wedding?



                      -
                    




so, would you or wouldn't you?  the scene in which an ex appears at the 
church doors just as the minister utters, “speak now or forever hold your 
peace,...










wedding hairstyle of the day










african american wedding hairstyles & hairdos









curls cascading



                      -
                    

this is a beautiful style that can be created with relaxed or natural hair. 
the end result is an elegant cascade of curls that would work for a 
bride-to-be...










beautiful brown babies & families










beautiful brown babies









christmas cookies, anyone?



























subscribe to







posts










                  atom
                










posts












all comments










                  atom
                










all comments



















top wedding stories




june (1)
      

may (1)
      

april (2)
      

august (1)
      

april (1)
      

march (2)
      

february (1)
      

december (4)
      

november (1)
      

september (1)
      

august (1)
      

july (1)
      

june (2)
      

may (1)
      

april (2)
      

march (1)
      

february (1)
      

january (1)
      

november (2)
      

september (2)
      

august (2)
      

june (1)
      

may (3)
      

april (1)
      

march (3)
      

february (2)
      

january (3)
      

december (1)
      

november (4)
      

october (2)
      

september (5)
      

august (8)
      















 


































       copyright 2008 african-american brides website - 
       entries (rss) - 
       comment (rss)


         design by michael jubel | arthemia template by themelib















