







one two six design










































































































              home
            

              about
            

              gallery
            

              services
            

              airbnb
            

            faq
          

            contact
          
















































































homeaboutgalleryservicesairbnbfaqcontact







home staging experts











scroll






  

one two six designyour equity, showcased.




    see our gallery
  

   







 

~20,000 sqft of inventory~20 years of staging experience ~120 houses can be staged concurrently!featured on cnn headline news, palo alto weekly, ktsf26, scene magazine...[fully insured & workers comp]

 




       







 

testimonials




“one two six design totally transformed our house! it sold in one week with six offers, and we got $200,000 over the asking price. there is no way that would have happened without the real estate staging. thank you! ”

— d. stewart, home owner, los altos




“one two six design is professional, organized, and also truly a pleasure to work with. my clients have always been impressed by their work; and more importantly, they makes every home shine. what results is a faster sale and a satisfied seller! i highly recommend 126 design.”

— marc roos, alain pinel realtors, los altos




“i hired one two six to have my condo staged in may and it looked so good i would have bought my own place. the open house was on may 3, the offers were reviewed on may 12 and the property was into escrow by the first week of june at a very good offer.”

— doug e. castro valley, ca




“one two six design never ceases to please both buyers and sellers alike! after literally dozens of real estate staging projects, my clients have never regretted having their home staged by one two six design. in fact, they have often said it was the best decisions they made in the home-selling process. not only do they do one of the best jobs of staging in the industry, but the entire crew are genuinely nice people who are a pleasure to work with.”

— tori, alain pinel realtors, los altos




“one two six design’s prompt communication helped make this whole process easier than i thought it’d be.  even for the consultation, vivian showed up on time and took careful notes and lots of pictures.as you can see in my uploaded photos, one two six did a fantastic job staging my condo.  i believe it helped potential buyers submit offers that was significantly higher than the listing price.  my wife and i were so happy w/ their work, that we will be hiring them for some interior design help in our new house.”

— ryan r. san jose, ca




“i was blessed with meeting and using the services from one two six design for the past 5 years. ann’s eye for color and space planning are only a few benefits to her services. ann’s ability to deal and assist with sellers was an attribute that i found to be a major bonus on top of all her other design skills. i highly recommend one two six design for all your staging and design needs.”

— royce cablayan, coldwell banker, los altos




“having a dependable and professional stager before the listing goes on the market is a critical success factor.  there is no room for error when it’s 2 days before the open house and one day before the virtual tour photography takes place.  one two six design is well organized with steffani in the office getting the logistics planned, vivian out meeting with clients, and the designers onsite on staging day.  one two six design is crisp, colorful, and attentive to details.  love how you don’t just put a plastic centerpiece on the dining room table but have a nice table settings.  you are appreciated!”

— que f. san mateo, ca




“thank you for the years of outstanding service you’ve provided to our clients and us! you have been, without a single exception, professional, highly competent, courteous, and accommodating regarding scheduling and appointments. even more importantly, your artful “staging” skills have consistently added significant value to our client’s final sales price.  i know of no “stager” who does a more cost effective job than one two six design does. the transformation from “before” to “after” is truly remarkable, especially for the modest fee that you charge.  on behalf of myself, my business partner jeff, and all of our clients who have hired you, please accept our sincere gratitude. you’re the best! ”

— steve tenbroeck, alain pinel realtors, los altos




“i was very impressed by the speed and “wow appeal” of the staging that duo forte did for a home that i listed for sale in midtown palo alto. i needed someone who could work fast and do a great job of providing a warm atmosphere to the home. duo forte more than delivered.  another agent, who could not say enough good things about vivian and her company, recommended me to her. i contacted her and she staged the home the next day and this made all the difference in selling the home at the price we received. i would strongly encourage any agent to take advantage of her talents for decorating and staging a home. a true professional!”

— pierre malak, realty world residential specialists








one two six design - pic1



introduction



one two six design - pic2



one two six design: testimonial










one two six design     350 laurelwood rd. santa clara, ca 95054     650.967.2575

































one two six design
350 laurelwood road,
santa clara, ca, 95054,
united states
650.967.2575
staging@126design.com


hours
mon 8am - 5pm
tue 8am - 5pm
wed 8am - 5pm
thu 8am - 5pm
fri 8am - 5pm












