









home - the wood box

































































homewood crafts ideas
box makingcutting boards
woodworking techniqueswood libraryabout us
privacy policyrefunds and returns
contact 






homewood crafts ideas
box makingcutting boards
woodworking techniqueswood libraryabout us
privacy policyrefunds and returns
contact 














premium wooden products 
							woodcrafting designs 
							craftmanship. experience. technology 
							subscribe to the wood box  now 
							 



premium wooden products 
							learn woodworking! 
							we’ll show you how 
							subscribe now to download woodworking  project plans 
							 



premium wooden products 
							free woodworking information! 
							the process of comprehensive testing 
							subscribe now to receive free woodworking information 
							 





wood craftspremium quality products, organic wood and unique designs are artfully crafted and combined in exclusive collection for our customers.techniquesour free woodworking information database, is an accumulation of woodworking knowledge from all of our customers, over the last 30 yearswood libraryhistorically, woodworkers relied upon the woods native to their region, until transportation and trade innovations made more exotic woods available to the craftsman.


exotic & canadian wood, plans
free woodworking information




sharing information and our addiction in making all sorts of craft items from wood boxes, wood turnings, intarsia and other small woodworking projects to knives and even sunglasses.
our free woodworking information database, is an accumulation of woodworking knowledge from all of our customers, over the last 30 years of business. enjoy. there is information on woodworking tools , and wood (from basswood to spalted wood), as well as intarsia, woodburning, and wooden box making. we hope it proves helpful. please email us with your own ideas, so that we may post it for all our woodworker’s benefit.
we are no longer selling small craft wood over the internet, only at our store in sudbury, ontario . do visit if you’re in the neighbourhood and bring lots of photos or your work. i love to see how other people are playing with wood. i’ll even show you my playing. … just finished building my first set of curved stairs and a reproduction victorian newel post out of sapele … an african mahogany look alike… fantastic wood to work with!










some crafty wood crafting










































 



contact information

			rr3, 1100 old wanup rd., 
sudbury, ontario, 
canada, p3e 4n1 		

get directions


705-522-5728



			mo,tu,we,th,fr 9:00 am – 5:00 pm
		

important linkslocation 

 




copyright © 2001 the wood box. all rights reserved. hosted by gta internet. design modification by sudburywebsitedesign.ca














































