











	katy trail/rock island trail info














             
        
 
                            the katy trail and rock island trail

menu 


x hide menu

 home
             trail map
             trip planner
             timeline
             kt forum
             towns & services
             mileage chart
             merchandise
             search




+ show basic map
x hide map













































switch to rock island map


































switch to katy trail map



+ show basic map
x hide map




switch to rock island map



switch to katy trail map






please support our advertisers -they help make this website possible

 

 

 


 about the katy trail

 


		                    the katy trail is a 239 mile (386 km) trail stretching across most of the state of missouri. 
		                    over half the trail's length follows lewis and clark's path up the missouri river, where you can 
		                    ride beneath towering river bluffs while eagles circle overhead. 
		                    after leaving the river, the trail meanders through peaceful farmland and small-town americana.
                        

 


		                    america's longest "rails-to-trail" project, formerly the mkt rail line, is flat and scenic. 
		                    it's ideal for hiking, running, or cycling on just about any kind of bike. 
		                    horseback riding is allowed on two segments of the trail: sedalia to clinton 
                            and tebbetts to portland.
                        

 


			                many cross-country cyclists include the katy trail in their tours. 
			                it is part of 
			                adventure cycling's lewis & clark route, as well as the 
			                american discovery trail. 
                        



 


 about the rock island trail

 


                            the rock island trail intersects the katy trail at windsor.  
                            it currently runs 47 miles from windsor to pleasant hill, and then after a gap it continues another 13 miles from lees summit to truman sports complex in kansas city.
                        



                            the trail is still undeveloped east of windsor, but someday it will reach some 200 miles across the state to form a 450 mile loop with the katy trail.
                        



                            we have incorporated the rock island trail into the maps and mileage charts of this website, 
                            but you'll also find a website dedicated to the rock island trail at bikerockisland.com.  
                            the interactive katy trail / rock island map includes the recommended on-street route for the gap between pleasant hill and lees summit.
                        




please support our advertisers -they help make this website possible



photo: bill grant

 
please support our advertisers -they help make this website possible





interactive map
map out the katy trail or rock island trail with mile points





trip planner
build a list of services and mileage distances along your planned route





towns and services
check out what's available along the trail





mileage chart
see distances between towns







timeline
calculate eta and travel times for towns along your route





katy trail forum
discussion board for katy trail comments, questions, and just plain talk





events along the trail
organized rides, runs, and other events





trail merchandise
katy trail and rock island trail shirts, stickers, and patches







faq
frequently asked questions about the katy trail





elevation charts
see how the elevation changes along the course of the trail





gps coordinates
latitude and longitude for katy trail towns and trailheads





trip reports
journals and videos from others' katy trail travels







katy trail weather
current and historical weather on the katy trail





bed & breakfasts
b&bs along the katy trail 





wineries
wineries and craft breweries on or near the trail





camping
options and rules for camping along the katy trail







amtrak
riding the train along the katy trail





st. louis airport
how to get from lambert st louis airport to the katy trail





downtown st. louis
how to get from the katy trail to forest park and downtown st. louis





st louis & kc parking
closest trail parking from st louis and kansas city (or other points east and west)







side trails
other trails intersecting the katy trail





one-day riders
our semi-official listing of riders who have conquered the entire katy trail in one day (seriously!)





emergency
emergency contact numbers along the trail





share a shuttle
find fellow riders to share the cost of a shuttle







trail conditions
recent trail conditions as reported by trail users





katy trail bookstore
katy trail guide books and references





search
search this website










 katy trail 
 rock island trail 






 trail conditions for katy trail state park in missouri   

            check the state parks katy trail web page
            for current trail conditions.
            
            we suggest that you also check the forum for any recent katy trail or rock island trail condition updates 
            - and please share any information you may have there.
        



beyond the katy trail...


 


 
                missouri's rock island trail
                is growing!  the rock island intersects the katy trail at windsor, linking to kansas city.  it will eventually stretch over 200 miles,
                giving missouri an amazing 450 mile trail loop.
            

 just across the mississippi river from portage des sioux (near the katy's eastern end at machens) 
                is the great river road bike trail, 
                which runs along the illinois side of the river for 21 miles.
            

 
                in southwest missouri, the frisco highline trail
                will take you across 16 old railroad bridges in its 36 mile journey between springfield and bolivar.
            

 if you like the katy trail, you'll also enjoy the 
                c&o canal towpath trail.  
                the c&o runs 185 miles from washington dc to cumberland maryland, along the banks of the potomac river.
            

 
                the great allegheny passage (gap)
                connects to the c&o at cumberland md and runs across a significant part of pennsylvania. 
                together, the c&o and gap enable you to ride 335 miles from pittsburgh to washington dc.
            

 
                western virginia is home to one of america's most scenic trails, 
                the virginia creeper trail.
            

 new york's   
                erie canal bike trail runs from buffalo to albany, crossing most of upstate new york
                as part of the empire state trail, america's longest multi-use trail at over 750 miles.
            

 
                 
                the d&l and delaware canals
                run next to the d&r canal towpath
                at the pennsylvania / new jersey border, making up a 135 mile trail system almost entirely along river banks.
            

  
                in illinois, the  i&m canal trail 
                and hennepin canal parkway 
                will take you across the state, from joliet to the quad cities.
            

 
                the silver comet trail in georgia connects up with the
                chief ladiga trail in alabama, 
                giving you nearly 100 miles of scenic paved trail.
            

 
                the cowboy trail in nebraska will eventually
                stretch over 300 miles - even longer than the katy trail.
            

 
                minnesota's paul bunyan trail covers over 120 miles, 
                past shimmering lakes and through verdant forests.
            

 
                the elroy-sparta trail in wisconsin connects
                with the 400 state trail, la salle trail, and great river trail for a 101 mile route.
            

 
                between dallas and texarkana is the north east texas trail (nett), 
                following 133 miles of the old chaparral and union pacific railroad routes.
            

 
                south dakota's mickelson trail takes you through breathtaking scenery 
                where you can still feel and experience the old west.
            

 
                considered one of america's most beautiful trails, the trail of  the coeur d'alenes 
                offers 73 miles of river, lake, and mountain views in northern idaho.
            


we proudly support




























  share this web page:  tweet


        bikekatytrail.com is part of the 
trailhub bike trail network


please support our advertisers -they help make this website possible
 



 
feedback! - please let us know if you have suggestions, corrections, complaints, or ideas.  your input is valued and appreciated - thanks in advance!
        

more info:
kt home
katy trail map
trip planner
travel timeline
forum
towns & services
mileage chart
events
trail merchandise
search
advertise
contact us

   

	        by using this website, you agree to the terms and conditions.
            
            how this website uses cookies


 

how bikekatytrail.com uses cookies
                    bikekatytrail uses cookies to remember your settings, to improve and customize your website experience.
                    
                    for example, if you are on the clinton page and then browse to the mileage chart, the distances from clinton will be pre-highlighted for you.
                    if you come back to the website a few days later, the mileage chart page will remember that clinton was your selected city.  as another example, you can return to the trip planner tool after a few days, 
                    and the website will remember your preferences for starting city, ending city, types of services, etc.
                    
                    cookies are stored on your computer. bikekatytrail does not collect this information, and does not use it in any way other than to customize your website experience.
                    
                    you can disable cookies, and the website will work fine without them.  
                    however, without cookies you will have to keep choosing your settings (such as starting town) on various web pages.
                    
bikekatytrail.com full terms and conditions.
                
 

this information may not be copied or reproduced in any way.
	        © copyright 2025  bikekatytrail.  all rights reserved. 
	        bikekatytrail and bikekatytrail.com are registered trademarks.   
        





