










home - indian river county chamber of commerce



























































  




















skip to content









visit indian river   |   economic development














 
join todaymember logincontact us











facebook





instagram




linkedin





































menu 
our community community calendar community links meeting space – conference room rental in the news/press releases job postings restaurant guidemember directoryabout the chamber about us strategic plan 2023-2025 ambassadors board of directors contact us join us our staff 2025 irc business directory 2025 new chamber membersevents & programs signature events 5k on the runway legislative delegation luncheon chamber golf classic state of the county luncheon tourism luncheon industry appreciation awards breakfast annual awards meeting tree lighting festival leadership education leadership indian river ypn young professionals networkmember center member login member calendar ribbon cuttings member deals








 















 
 


 
relax & enjoyimagine a place with miles of uncrowded beaches, a world-class art and dining scene and acres of conservation land to explore. that place is just a click away… 


discover paradise


 


 
 


 
business done rightindian river county - vero beach, sebastian, and fellsmere - strikes a perfect balance between business and pleasure. we are quickly accessible to 18 million consumers. far from urban sprawl, traffic and congestion but within easy reach to florida markets.
 


 
 


 
 


 
 


 
 


 
 


 
 



 









































welcome to the indian river county chamber of commerce






indian river county is full of opportunities to live, work, play.
the irc chamber of commerce represents the local business community programming, advocacy and education.

















					directory				








					events				








					interactive map				








					jobs				








					login				








					news				






















mark your calendar










view all events


































learn more











 
about us 
for over a century, the indian river county chamber of commerce has remained steadfast in its mission to foster a more robust community. we believe we are stronger together, and we strive to provide our members with access to a suite of valuable resources. these resources include, economic development, business education, marketing opportunities, and advocacy. learn more
 

















 
visit indian river county 
our chamber has had a long history of tourism marketing and promotion in indian river county.  we have been in partnership with the county commission since 1989 and our businesses have been promoting our county for much longer than that.
learn more 














 
indian river county economic development organization 
the chamber  is your contact for business growth and development.  indian river county offers a positive and diverse business environment.  we provide the resources you need to locate and grow your business.
learn more 



















become a member
are you looking to expand your business reach and connect with like-minded professionals? joining the indian river county chamber of commerce instantly gives you access to a vast network of businesses and professionals eager to support and collaborate with you. don't miss out on the opportunity to grow your business and connect with a dynamic community of professionals.








1. networking opportunities




chamber events and programs connect our members, fostering relationships that can lead to new business opportunities and collaborations.
 



2. visibility and marketing




from social media shoutouts to featuring your business in our newsletter or on our website, we'll help you get noticed.
 



3. business development




take advantage of our business development programs, resources, and partnerships to grow your business and stay ahead of the competition.
 



4. advocacy and support




we're here to advocate for your business interests at the local level. whether it's navigating regulatory issues or promoting policies that benefit our business community, we've got your back.
 














join today



















click here for this weeks chamber newsletter


































 












© 2025 indian river county chamber of commerce
 | 
site by growthzone












building business. building community.
























































indian river county chamber of commerce













1216 21st street vero beach, fl 32960 














(772) 567-3491 














chamber@indianriverchamber.com 










facebook





instagram





linkedin






















 © 2025 indian river county chamber of commerce.  all rights reserved | site by growthzone 








 



















