











kitty hawk, nc photo tours and travel information















favorites





















 









toggle navigation


















rental homes


hotels


restaurants


shopping


activities


real estate



coupons


events













kitty hawk vacation rental homes





outer banks fishing charters & fishing guide





2025 takeout and delivery guide
















vacation rentals
visitors are often surprised at the number and variety of weekly vacation rentals throughout the area.. vacation rentals are, in fact, an increasingly popular accommodation available to vacationers, and visitors will find that the sheer number of rentals available allows them to find an ideal retreat to fit their crew, from quiet condo complexes to brightly colored oceanfront sand castles.

 




hotels
for postcard-perfect long weekends, or full week stays that have exceptional access to indoor and outdoor pools, restaurants, and amenities, there's nothing quite like the convenience of a stay at a local hotel or motel. a number of area hotels have been welcoming guests for decades, and as a result, vacationers have come back year after year for the fantastic service and the million-dollar views.










outer banks lighthouses


each of the outer banks five lighthouses is unique. for a beautiful view, visitors can climb currituck beach light, bodie island light and cape hatteras lighthouse for a small fee in season. it's an unforgettable way to see the outer banks! don't forget to bring your camera, as these unique structures and surrounding grounds are some of the most picturesque and iconic attractions in the area.








educational activities


on the outer banks, it's easy to throw in a little education in with a vacation filled with fun, adventures, and new explorations.










surfing on the outer banks


forget hawaii and california - on the east coast, the best place for surf is on the outer banks, and this region is renowned as one of the best surfing destinations from new york to florida. surfers from all over the country and the world flock to the outer banks for the annual esa tournament, or just after a storm swell, to paddle out to the atlantic and enjoy some of the best waves on the coast.








kitty hawk history


kitty hawk may have rose to national fame with the arrival of the wright brothers, but the region was home to salty locals for centuries before the wrights took flight. from the long lost soundside communities in kitty hawk woods to the historic lifesaving station that guarded the coastline, kitty hawk has plenty of stories to share.










best surf fishing gear for 2025


once you have your coastal recreational fishing license in hand, it’s time to start thinking about gear. anglers will find tons of options when it comes to equipment for casting into the surf, from custom designed rods and reels at local tackle shops, to name brand varieties that are designed for multiple areas along the coastline. here are just a few of the most popular gear options for surf fishermen. keep in mind that there are endless options available, and your local bait and tackle store staff will be happy to point you in the right direction if you have any questions about what you’ll need for successful surf fishing in any given area along the north carolina coastline.








shelling


if you know where to look, the outer banks can be a beachcomber's paradise. with miles of shoreline to explore, hidden beaches that are relatively untouched, and literally piles of shells washing up on the beaches after a storm, shelling on the obx beaches is simply a matter of timing and area expertise.










featured local businesses


we love to highlight some of the best and most interesting outer banks restaurants, shops, attractions and activities. read on to discover some of our favorites!








scenic spots on the outer banks


there's a reason why so many aspiring and professional photographers flock to the outer banks. ocean sunrises, sound sunsets, and miles of quiet wildlife in between create some breathtaking landscapes, ideal for photographers, painters, or plain-old vacationers who love an astounding view.










activities for kids


part natural oasis and part sunny beach town, kitty hawk is a fantastic destination for kids who love adventure. from watersports lessons to museums designed for busy hands, families will want to discover these top outer banks attractions and activities to create memories that will last a lifetime.








kiteboarding


spring and fall visitors will notice the popularity of kiteboarding on the outer banks the moment they ride down a stretch of soundfront highway. in the off-season months, it's not unusual to spot dozens if not hundreds of multi-colored kites lining the skies over the outer banks' miles of sound waters.










outer banks real estate


after a few days of sunny beach afternoons, fantastic local attractions, and all the amenities that attract people to the outer banks, many visitors find themselves daydreaming about a more permanent vacation. whether your ultimate goal is to own an investment property, a retirement or vacation home, or simply a year-round home on the beach, the outer banks is filled with incredible opportunities and a variety of properties for sale.








sailing the outer banks


vacationers will notice a handful of sailboats at every local outer banks port, either saddled up to the docks or breezing across the harbor, en route to the nearest sound for a cruise, or to the continent-spanning intracoastal waterway to continue a long coastal voyage. some vacationers are even in it for the long haul, docking for a summer or a winter season at a number of local marinas that offer all the comforts of home. clearly, sailing lovers of all varieties have plenty of options, but even newcomers to the sport can experiment with life on the water with a local sailing lesson, rental, or waterfront cruise.













the 7 best beach chairs 2025


you’ve made the drive, gathered the family, packed the cooler with lunches and drinks, and you’re heading out onto the sand on a bright summer day. you unfold your beach chair and snap, it breaks, or bends, or the rotting fabric rips. it happens to the best of us. we’ve checked dozens of chair reviews and features. here are our picks for best beach chair.








the 10 best beach canopies & umbrellas for 2025


beach canopies and umbrellas create shade, lower ambient temperatures and block uv rays on hot, sunny summer days. sitting under the canopy of a quality beach umbrella can make the difference between comfort and sweltering. when choosing an umbrella, we look for durability, wind ratings, weight and size.








outer banks swimming guide


swimming is a local sport that never goes out of style on the outer banks, and with literally miles of ocean and sound waters to paddle around, there's no shortage of refreshing locales to enjoy a dip. vacationers will find they have their choice of swimming destinations, from the fun and challenging ocean waves, to the shallow splashing waters of the sound, to the assortment of public and community pools found all along the islands.








outer banks nature spots


with 150 miles of pristine coastline, and some of the east coast's largest swaths of undisturbed maritime forest, the outer banks is a popular destination for nature lovers. as an important spot on america's "flyway," which is the route that migrating birds take on their northern and southern treks across the country, the outer banks is the temporary home to hundreds of species of birds. combine this with the number of deer, foxes, waterfowl, fish, turtles, and even alligators, and it's clear that the outer banks is truly a wild vacation destination.








outer banks milepost system


many newcomers to the outer banks who are browsing the local restaurants, shops and area attractions online or in the local guide books notice an interesting addition to the standard address. besides the typical business name, street name, street number and town, many local businesses also include a milepost number. this may initially appear to be an odd notation to include, but on the outer banks, this is incredibly helpful to new visitors on the lookout for a specific restaurant or shop.








best outer banks sunrise spots


the outer banks is famous for its beautiful beaches and stunning views. one of the best ways to experience the beauty of the outer banks is to wake up early and watch a stunning sunrise over the atlantic ocean. with miles of pristine coastline, there are plenty of spots to catch a breathtaking sunrise. from carova to hatteras village, here is our list of the best places to see a sunrise on the outer banks.








the 8 best beach blankets and towels for 2025


if you're planning a relaxing day on the beach, a great beach blanket is a must-have piece of gear. we've curated a list of highly-rated beach blankets, each selected for its unique features, quality, and durability. from lightweight, compact options to large, family-sized choices, we've got you covered. dive in as we explore the various materials, designs, and functionalities that make these beach blankets stand out.











select a city 



vacation planning guide


outer banks vacation rentals


outer banks jobs


outer banks hotels


carova


corolla


duck


southern shores


kitty hawk


kill devil hills


nags head


manteo


hatteras









about us


contact us


advertise with us


link to us


privacy policy


© icwnet inc. 2025













