



whitehorse daily star: home

















whitehorse daily star

log in subscribers only access
subscribe to the star online for $15/month view all stories from every section, download special supplements, get the full digital edition and search the star's complete online archives subscribe $15/mo. for full online access




×
log in to your account


 
email



password




                               
                            

 

if you don't already have an account, it's free to create one.











search archives

search



website menu

news
sports
letters
living
opinions
history
events
classifieds
obituaries




february 16, 2025
















photo by photo submitted
the people behind the paper – past and current star personnel gathered outside the second avenue building this morning for a historic photo, just hours before the 124-year-old institution’s final edition rolled off the press. star photo by alistair maitland

the faces in the photo
today’s front-page photo of current and former star staffers and some family members shows, in no particular order, jim butler, vince fedoroff, chuck tobin, pat wilson, sheila matechuk, rhonda glenn, eric murphy, morris prokop, elena kozhevnikova, don campbell, melanie pierce, joni pierce, michele pierce, john stuckey, jj stuckey, haiden stuckey, robbie stuckey, tashia stuckey, remi stuckey, brooks stuckey, judy gibbons, shawn pierce, quinn pierce, maryanne erlam, paul erlam, rick vansickle, dave white, leighann chalykoff, bernie adilman, jean jobagy, audrey rousseau, stephanie waddell, john tonin, gabby plonka, mickey morgan, lucretia flemming, darla hansen, cathie archbould, marsha flood, patti flather, sherryl yeager, 
pat martin, becky duncan, chris caldwell, aaron naylor, peter johns, linda burns, andrew gregg, max leighton, lewis leighton, denise gibbs, naomi blindheim, trevor mead-robbins, geof harries and jeff brady.







photo by vince fedoroff
sky-high wonder – a rainbow is seen after wednesday evening’s downpour in whitehorse.







photo by vince fedoroff
 practising peace and dignity – the peace and dignity journeys arrived last friday in whitehorse and left monday. the intercontinen­tal prayer run began in 1990 and happens every four years. this year’s journey started may 2. the route is from fairbanks, alaska to tierra del fuego, argentina, and takes seven months to complete. here, kwanlin dün first nation elder anne smith, centre, poses in front of nàkwät’à kų (potlatch house), with two of the runners, amoneeta beck, from north carolina, left, and shawnz carino, from oahu, hawaii. 







photo by morris prokop     
first to finish – nimrin dhillon swims her way to first in the girls 9-10 finals of the mixed 200 sc metre individual medley during the yukon invitational championship swim meet held may 3-5 at the canada games centre.







photo by vince fedoroff
taking a time-out – a fox relaxes on a rock at the yukon arts centre. 







photo by vince fedoroff
dazzling dancing – the northern lights school of dance is presenting a number of performances this week and next. above: dancers are seen at a rehearsal wednesday evening. see more photos, p. 8. 







one last time: don’t let the bastards grind you down
someone recently asked me what i would miss most once the business closed down, and i couldn’t answer.






‘yukon’s final paperboy’ set down his bag in 2020
the whitehorse star was the last newspaper in the yukon to deliver directly to people’s homes – and logan lamb was the last paperboy making the rounds. 






musing 43 years of history (the tutor of life)
“be careful, jim! there’s a bear out there!”























popular discussions







subscribers only access






the day bob erlam fired me ... for all the right reasons







the beginnings of a perfect u.s.-canadian relationship







veteran reporter watched whitehorse and the territory grow and evolve







we were all part of one big family at the star







how whitehorse redefined itself in signifcant ways in the last 24 years







more whitehorse star photos from the last 24 years







one star reporter’s harrowing tale of surviving a plane crash







covering yukon quest for the star my greatest experience as a reporter





free stories


news

one last time: don’t let the bastards grind you down
‘yukon’s final paperboy’ set down his bag in 2020
musing 43 years of history (the tutor of life)
massive outages highlight service gaps, yp says
flood mapping efforts supported
ayc has objections to riding boundaries proposals
three charged after tense drama
whistle bend ridings, other major changes proposed
boundaries commission expands on its rationale
city council spurns online voting concept
federal minister brings $10.5 million for child care system
parties decry vandalism done to minister’s property



sports

down memory lane: local sports highlights from the final 22 years of the star 
future looks bright with new wave of young yukon athletes 
whitehorse glacier bears host 'fantastic' yukon championships 
2024 judo yukon championships newaza throws down 
new and old faces compete in table tennis yukon championships 
2024 yukon youth badminton championships a smash 
arctic edge’s ‘broadway ever after’ a spectacular success
gavin mckenna named western hockey league rookie of the year
gavin mckenna strikes ‘klondike gold’ at u18 world champs
team currie dixon takes first filipino basketball leagues final  
canada moves on to semifinals as mckenna adds to point total
cozens’ season ‘not bad at all, just down a little bit from the previous year’














home
news
sports
letters
living
opinions
history
events
classifieds
obituaries


subscribers log in
forgot password
advertising
submit classified ad
browse archives


about
contact us
policies
terms of use



follow us

facebook
twitter
youtube
instagram


© 2025 whitehorse star limited. all rights reserved.

















