





seattle carpet and upholstery cleaning services | ucm cleaning services

















home
free estimate
services+

carpet cleaning
water damages
rug cleaning
upholstery cleaning
air duct cleaning
tile & grout cleaning
hardwood floors
all services

locations
health care
about us
site map

get the job done smoothly and efficiently206-219-3723









deep carpet cleaning
pulls out stubborn dirt, allergens and toxic residue
check our monthly discounts


don't wait - take advantage of our fantastic discounts.

check our monthly discounts







synthetics or natural
restore your favorite couch to its original luster
check our monthly discounts


variety of effective cleaning procedures for upholsteries.

check our monthly discounts







urine odor & stain
advanced treatment to eliminate pet stains
call to schedule


pet dander is one of the most common allergens.

call to schedule







burst pipes? we can help
certified technicians - iicrc direct insurance billing
call now!


do not wait! call us now for an immediate response & a complete solution.

call now!




we can restore the beauty and extend the life of your carpet, floor, and furniture

contact and get prices - schedule - get a professional service - enjoy
choose the services you need



water damagerestoration



carpetcleaning



area rugcleaning



upholsterycleaning



tile & groutcleaning



moldremediation



air ductcleaning



wood floorcleaning

we'll be happy to answer your questions or provide you with a cost estimate over the phone, or you can leave your details in the form below



carpet cleaning in seattle
ucm cleaning services is seattle's most trusted cleaning team for providing residential, commercial and industrial cleaning and maintenance services.
our proven record of experience and service means you can feel totally confident when you pick up the phone and contact us.
let our staff of skilled cleaning professionals come to your home or office and work their magic. they will get the job done smoothly and efficiently-to your absolute satisfaction. you'll be impressed by the great results and pleased by our courteous and individualized service.
voted # 1 in customer service
we employ state-of-the-art technology and scientifically engineered materials in order to provide you with the best cleaning and maintenance service in town-and at prices you'll appreciate.
we are totally committed to satisfying our customers. we fully understand that providing you with the highest standards of service and excellence means that even more people will choose us as their cleaning and maintenance provider. you win-we win.
call us
instead of simply reading about our superior quality and service, why not just pick up the phone and call ucm cleaning services 206-219-3723 and get a free estimate for all your cleaning and maintenance needs.
our representatives are happy to respond to your requests and offer you knowledgeable and friendly assistance.

our guarantee
you must be totally satisfied with our cleaning service, or we will come back to your home or office and re-clean at no charge.
it's no wonder that we're the number one choice for cleaning and maintenance services in the seattle area.






















testimonials


		 what our clients say about us

read our reviews on google


great service! from booking to the cleaning itself, they went above the expected. not only are my carpets clean, i'll have them clean for me next time, too.
maria vanscoy


i was given a two hour window for my appointment, so i was pleasantly surprised when the technician called me right on time and said he would be there in half an hour. the price was good, too.
peggy m. lenz


they came on a saturday and cleaned our sofa. we got it 7 years ago, but it looks new again now. thanks, guys!
mark r.


when another company cancelled on us last minute, you were able to send out a van the same day. you saved the day! thanks for the fast, good service.
bob ornelas






the best value around




ask our customer service about the best offer for you
call now!




need a professional cleaning?
your one stop solution for all things related to clean and healthy homes
206-219-3723
for general inquiries or a free estimate, please call us or complete the following form:











your information is never sold or shared.it is used for the sole purpose of contacting you.




ucm cleaning services
    | hours: mon-sun 8:00am - 8:00pm
    | phone: 206-219-3723
    | delivery point: s main st, seattle, wa 98104

professional cleaning can restore the beauty and extend the life of your carpet, floor and furniturecall us at:206-219-3723

| home
| free estimate
| services
| health care
| about us
| site map

© 2005-2025 | all rights reserved | seattlecarpetcleaning.us











