






 darlington hyde park - located in central london































 





















 book now
                                        




















 reasons to book direct


















×








 book direct and receive some fantastic benefits:
                        


the lowest rates available - we guarantee you will get
                            the best publicly available rate on our website.

free full english breakfast included (normally £12.50 per person extra)

exclusive freebies – mineral water on
                            arrival for guests.

no hidden costs, booking or service fees - many travel
                            sites charge extra fees for bookings; we do not

easy to make changes to your reservation – contact us
                            directly if you want to make changes to your reservation to ensure changes are made
                            accurately

priority consideration for room requests – talk to us
                            directly to receive the best darlington hyde park experience.
                        

book online here







 


home
accommodation
tariffs
webcam

food & drink
things to do in paddington
location & transport
facilities
reviews
discover london
sustainability
faqs
contact


 +44 (0) 207 460 8800
            



 info@darlingtonhotel.co.uk
            



 111-117 sussex gardens, paddington, london w2 2ru
            

















 book your stay
            


 



















welcome to the darlington hyde park, london

the darlington hyde park is located on sussex gardens in the paddington, hyde park
                area of london, less than a 5-minute walk from the heathrow express terminal at
                paddington station. the hotel is conveniently located for both transport links to the rest of london
                and local attractions. both hyde park and oxford street with all its shops are a short stroll away.
              
our 40-bedroom former victorian terraced town house conversion offers family friendly quad and
                triple rooms for friends’ meetups and comfortable double, twin and single rooms. we have also added a
                set of interconnecting rooms which will be ideal for families and friends.
we provide free wi-fi and a good cook-to-order breakfast ( free if you book directly with us ) or
                continental breakfast to give you a great start to your day of exploring london.
our aim is to make your stay with us as enjoyable as possible and to be helpful in making your visit
                to london memorable.
the cleanliness of our rooms, facilities and safety of our guests are also very important to us, and we
                know that it is also essential to our guests, many of whom have returned to stay with us over the
                years calling us their home away from home.















 reasons to book direct:
 the lowest rates available - we guarantee you will get the best publicly available rate on our website.
 free full english breakfast included (normally £12.50 per person extra)
 exclusive freebies – mineral water on arrival for guests.
 no hidden costs, booking or service fees - many travel sites charge extra fees for bookings; we do not
 easy to make changes to your reservation – contact us directly if you want to make changes to your reservation to ensure changes are made accurately
 priority consideration for room requests – talk to us directly to receive the best darlington hyde park experience.
book online here






























 our rooms 
 
the darlington comprises of four converted victorian townhouses which leads to non-standard and
                  interesting room shapes and sizes.our selection of single rooms, double rooms, twin rooms,
                  family rooms, triple rooms, quads and interconnecting rooms are all finished and equipped to a high
                  standard.
 find out more  
















our breakfast
breakfast is served every morning in our light and airy hotel
                  breakfast conservatory, where guests may help themselves to the continental buffet and order one of
                  our famous freshly cooked traditional hot english breakfasts. continental breakfast is included in all
                  rate plans of non-direct bookings. full english breakfast is inclusive for guests who booked the room
                  directly with the hotel and on the hotel website. for non direct bookings, full english breakfast is
                  available to purchase at extra gbp 12.50 per person.
breakfast is served from 07:00 to 9:30am (monday to friday) and 07:30 to 10:00am (at weekends and bank holidays).
 more information  

























our location
we have a location that is hard to rival in london.
view more









discover london
things to do in london when staying at the darlington.
view more













 @darlingtonhydeparkhotel
                






 


 sign up for offers & latest news 

subscribe










contact us



                        111-117 sussex gardens,paddington,london w2 2ru.
                    


                        +44 (0) 207 460 8800
                    


info@darlingtonhotel.co.uk



book your stay with us online




awards



your thoughts

                    we are constantly striving to make the darlington hotel better - and we need your feedback, let us
                    know what you thought during your stay.
                



leave feedback











connect with us






                © 
                all rights reserved | web smart media




 













×



booking direct is always best!
book with us and enjoy what london and paddington have to offer!

              special direct discount
            

              full english breakfast included(normally £12.50 per person extra)
            

              the lowest price available!
            

book now









