








home - weather pine


























 










home
rooms & rates
hospitality
dining suggestions
things to do
directions
 


















 






our country inn
 
about weatherpine inn 
gst/hst registration no.846369973

 
tips for your stay 
 

 

our five cozy guest rooms are smoke-free, fully air-conditioned, contain queen or king/twin beds and all have private ensuite baths.
all suites have private exterior entrances giving our guests complete freedom to come and go as they please.
stay out as late as you wish or rise early with the sun….either way, you’ll truly feel you have both the comforts of an ‘inn’ yet the privacy of home.
all our rooms are equipped with coffeemakers, kettles, bar fridges with complimentary pop and water, televisions. all rooms also have access to wireless high speed internet. we also have bicycles for our guests.



a georgian saltbox in old historical town







book your room today!
we have two rates :
breakfast included or room only .
please check room availability at:
booking.com 
booking  2 days or more follow this guideline:
1.click the following orange vip direct booking
2.check availability by date or check by room at the bottom of page
3.book room or give a note for special request
==> vip direct booking   click here!
our guests can cancel free of charge until 7 days before arrival. direct booking price is a net price (13% hst not included).
the guest will be charged the cost of the first night if they cancel in the 7 days before arrival.






welcome to your home away from home at     *i*^^^*i*



we would like to share the beauty of niagara on the lake with you.
 
we are carrying on the philosophy of no formality but plenty of down to earth comfort and simple hospitality. we look forward to providing you  a clean comfortable room and bed to come back to after your day of exploring.breakfast buffet at pillar and post is a very good start of a new day. (with our coupon optional).
we look forward to our previous guests returning as well as meeting new guests and making new friendships.
~john at john street
local: 1 (905) 468-5154
text:  6478342981 john   may be driving and cannot pick up phone, please text.
e-mail: info@weatherpine.com













contact us
 
local: 1 (905) 468-5154
e-mail: info@weatherpine.com


stay updated


map



find us
weatherpine inn (b&b) p.o. box 477
493 regent st.
niagara-on-the-lake, ontario
l0s 1j0





			© copyright 2025 weatherpine inn. all rights reserved. 
		

niagara website design by future access inc.
		











