




off campus housing in midtown | the mark atlanta

























































                        3 bedrooms starting at $1399 and 4 bedrooms starting at $1355 - spaces are limited!
                    



                        rates as low as $1075, apply now for fall 2025!
                    



                        sign today for '25 for waived application fees!
                    























										home
									



										floor plans
									



										amenities
									



										gallery
									



										tour
									



										contact us
									





									apply
								







										call: (888) 702-1598
									




										text: (404) 282-5475
									





									
									resources
								






									residents
								





									apply
								













jump to main content








welcome to the mark 
off campus housing near georgia tech, emory & gsu


welcome to off campus student living as it was meant to be. a lavish student apartment, a quick commute to class, a wide range of resort-style amenities, and an exciting, walkable community — what more could you ask for? residents of the mark atlanta experience the freedom of living off campus in posh apartments and so much more!
discover the freedom to design the life you want while living in comfort and making education a top priority. schedule a tour of our off campus apartments near georgia tech, gsu, emory university, and scad atlanta today!


                    schedule a tour today
                













        student living
    

        live where you want
    









                            see what to expect
                        


 



luxury 
amenities


the mark atlanta offers a wide variety of exciting, resort-style, on-site community amenities designed to help residents achieve their maximum potential, cultivate connections that will last a lifetime, and get the most out of their college living experience! contact us today to learn more about our amenities and find out why our atlanta apartments are your top choice!














 rooftop pool




























 vip sky lounge
















 outdoor grilling












 modern fitness center
















 arcade & game room



































 sauna








spacious
floor plans

from spacious studio apartments, one-bedroom apartments, two-bedroom apartments, three-bedroom apartments, four-bedroom apartments, five-bedroom apartments, six-bedroom apartments, and penthouse apartments, you’ll surely find your perfect floor plan at the mark atlanta!







studio



1 bedroom



2 bedroom



3 bedroom



4 bedroom



5 bedroom



6 bedroom







            choose your apartment
        











                        discover the mark
                    


 


            exclusive
        



a social 
community


making new friends, having new experiences, learning new things, these are what college life is all about! the mark atlanta is a student community where you live among peers in an exciting urban setting. whether you want to explore atlanta’s restaurants, shops, and attractions or take advantage of the amenities and features right outside of your door, you have endless options for living socially at our student apartments in atlanta, ga.








                        i’m a brand new apartment renter and the mark made the whole process a breeze!
                         










a central 
location



boasting a central location in the heart of atlanta, our off campus student living community is conveniently located just minutes away from the georgia institute of technology, emory university, and georgia state university campuses, as well as near-endless options for dining, shopping, entertainment, and more!







 
georgia institute of technology
car: 3 minutes | bike: 4 minutes







 
georgia state university
car: 10 minutes | bike: 16 minutes







 
emory university
car: 19 minutes | bike: 29 minutes









                            explore the neighborhood
                        


 









convenient 
student living


located in midtown, the mark atlanta puts residents in the center of a vibrant community that is waiting to be explored right outside their door. spend friday night on peachtree street, where you can watch a comedy show or dine on local street food, or plan a day at the high museum or piedmont park — after the adventures, a comfortable student apartment will await your return. come see our exceptional student housing near gsu, georgia tech, and emory university today!




atlanta apartments  
now leasing!


come see what makes the mark atlanta so special and discover your new home! contact us today!


                    schedule a tour today
                


















office hours




													monday-friday
												

																									10:00 am - 6:00 pm
																							



													saturday
												

																									10:00 am - 5:00 pm
																							



													sunday
												

																									closed
																							






property address

									955 spring street nw,
									atlanta,
									ga
									30309
								



give us a call


									(888) 702-1598
								

send us a text


									(404) 282-5475
								



















                    review us
                







            careers
        



                accessibility policy
            



                privacy policy
            



                terms of use
            



                consent preferences
            



                about ads
            



                    move-in
                



                    move-out
                







landmark venture management, llc; 706-543-1910







        copyright ©
        2025
        - equal housing opportunities - all rights reserved
    

powered by 










call



text


apply now



















