








traderstatus.com































↓ 
 


        javascript is disabled. please enable javascript on your browser to best view this site.








            traderstatus.com


search for:





 


 


hometax planningtax planning ideastax planning retirement plan optionstax planning charitable contributionstax planning gift taxestax planning estate taxestax planning zero % gains taxtax planning office in the hometax planning moving expensetax planning employee expense reimbursementstax planning educationtax-free disaster relief paymentstax planning other deductionscommunity property statestax-free statesanonymous llc statesmilitary statescommon law marriage statesestablishing in-state residencytax planning travel & entertainmenttax planning meals & entertainmenttax planning lease vs. buytax preparation issuesgoing on extension?automatic extensionsdiscretionary  extensionson extension – estimated taxdependents & filing statusmarried filing separatelysigning the tax returnaccounting periods and methodstiming of tax deductionsrental propertylandlord classificationsrepairs & maintenanceinterest expensefamily loansfamily employeesfringe benefitstrade or business bullet pointssole proprietorship bullet pointspartnership bullet pointss-corporation bullet pointsc-corporation bullet pointssection 199a deduction2017 – 2018 tax acttax creditsresidential energy efficient propertyeducation creditsearned income tax creditchild tax creditbeing audited? handling the auditbeing audited? things never to tell the irsbeing audited? horror storiesbeing audited? red flagsbeing audited? hobby loss rulesbeing audited? partnerships starting 2018non-filers & delinquent tax returnsinternal revenue manual 1.2.14.1.18 (08-04-2006)professional representationrecords retentionirs interest & penalties – avoidingirs penalties – reasonable causeirs penalties – first time abate waiverirs penalties – first time abate (irm)irs penalties – late filing & late paymentirs penalties – 10% ira penaltyirs paying interestirs charging interestirs credit electrsed law – time limit to obtain a tax refundsuperseding returnsirs online tools – where’s my refundtricks and traps to watch out forresearchfiling status electionsdeductions and lossespartnerships & llcs filing form 1065s-corporations (form 1120s)trader status / trade or businessextensions for electionsinterest and depreciation of real estateinventory and other special rulespenaltiesrichard neyeconomics, the science of havinganswers for traderssecurities traderam i a trader?maintaining trader statussecurities trader definedfeatures of trader statusa trader’s tax deductionsam i a swingtrader?am i an investor?am i a dealer?am i an employee?mark-to-marketthe m2m electionsfeatures of the m2m electionssummary of the m2m electionscapital gains trader§1256 tradingforex tradingnet operating loss (nol)carrybacks and carry forwardstrader entitieswhy form an entity?before using an entitytypes of trader entitiesasset protections-corporationspartnership & operating agreementspartnership agreement – examplesoperating agreement – examplesnominee – title to accountsnominee – agencytrader rules & infothe wash sale ruleshort sale ruleslarge trader reporting lawgain-loss reporting lawscrypto-currency and cyber-currencygain-loss softwaresec fee ratesf. a. q.f. a. q. – 1 sec & registered rep issuesf. a. q. – 2 margin & debt issuesf. a. q. – 3 brokerages & daytrader issuesf. a. q. – 4 financial information reportingf. a. q. – 5 trader status & irs tax issuesf. a. q. – 6 acronyms & phrasesf. a. q. – 7 banking & gov’t agenciesf. a. q. – 8 income tax evasionf. a. q. – 9 names not to forgetcpa servicesprice & billing policieswhat’s needed to get startedcpa fee guidelinescpa fee guidelines (more detail)tax resolutionblogcontact uscontact usorder formengagement letterirs representationmy1040datacloud-based client portalquickbookssite mapindexdisclaimercovid-19 unemployment



 

traderstatus



no time to take a rest
ain’t room for second best
i’m goin’ for infinity…
if you think i’ll sit around as the world goes by
you’re thinkin’ like a fool, ’cause it’s a case of do or die
out there is a fortune… waitin’ to be had
if you think i’ll let it go, you’re mad
you’ve got another thing comin’
you’ve got another thing comin’

      you’ve got another thing comin’, judas priest circa 1982




 

 
looking for tax deductions?
this website is targeted to the businesses of trading stocks and trading section 1256 futures. but there is also a lot of additional content for other business types, their owners and other individuals who file with the internal revenue service.  taxpayers may also like to visit thetaxwiki for other timely information.
there is one reason to claim trader status on one’s tax return.  to lower your capital gain tax   after one claims trader status, there are a number of reasons to optionally make a decision to elect mark-to-market (m2m) accounting.
such a tax election is not to be made lightly, as it can have significant and irreparable effect on your income taxes.  unfortunately, an amazing number of taxpayers and even their professional tax advisors make or try to make one or more of the m2m elections foolishly or improperly.
got questions that are not answered here?
we’d like to hear from you.
here at traderstatus.com™ we will bring together in one place much of the information necessary to help you survive unnecessarily high short-term capital gain taxes, self-employment taxes, affordable care (obamacare) taxes, and state and federal income taxes. to accomplish this sometimes a separate trading entity, such as an llc or corporation, is the answer. but just as often we avoid the red tape and costs of forming an entity, when it is not cost effective in a particular situation.
investors and traders in financial instruments, including futures, may incur substantial costs with online fees, chat rooms, commissions, real-time data-feeds, computer equipment and so on. the internal revenue service, left to its own devices does not treat most of these taxpayers very fairly when it comes to deducting such expenses. while they do provide some information in irs publications and instructions, they then sometimes audit taxpayers with the goal of disallowing the tax favored positions taken.
unfortunately the hard facts are that, when it comes to traders in financial instruments or futures, many tax advisers still have no clue when there is a trader status issue to look up, let alone having the practical hands-on experience necessary to be aware of the hidden tricks and traps out there.
help is out there for those qualifying taxpayers whom are active enough to file with the irs as a traderstatus™taxpayer. under trader status an electing daytrader may deduct all of his ordinary and necessary expenses. taxpayers filing with trader status do not itemize those expenses on schedule a (but they may take the “standard deduction” in addition to all of their “trader status” expense deductions). 
 


i am a cpa, so you know that i have to have this message: the information on this website (or the related links found below and elsewhere on this site) are for general informational purposes only. nothing on this or these sites should be taken as legal advice and/or tax advice by anyone, including any individual matter or situation. this information is not intended to create, and receipt or viewing does not constitute, an attorney-client relationship or a cpa-client relationship.


to access our old-school, original, non-mobile friendly website, click here.
for an alternative link to access our old-school, original, non-mobile friendly website, click here.

 
pageviews 


uniquevisitors 







↑










