   computerbob – making geek-speak chic™

computerbob.com
computerbob – making geek-speak chic™skip to contenthometestimonialsd.v.survivorstechsoftwarecoolteachingpersonalsitewelcome to computerbob.commaking geek-speak chic™ more than 5,971 times
flying under the radar of mass popularity
over 23 million global visits since 1996through my share of both good times and challenges, i've learned that life is hard, but god is good — so i've always tried to put my faith into action. this web site has been my labor of love since 1997. i hope that it and my ministry will bless, inspire, and empower you. i've written about 6,000 posts here, but those that i think are the most important, are marked with the most important tag.christmas, 2017, i suffered a massive second stroke that "disconnected" my entire left side from my brain, and hospitalized me for a month. then, through hundreds of hours of rehabilitation, i slowly relearned how to open my tightly-clenched left fist, turn my head, raise my left hand, sit, walk, subtract one number from another, etc. to this day, i still suffer from many permanent results of my two strokes.there's a thin line betweenbeing committedandbeing committed← older postsgive me some free cache
sunday, january 19, 2025you may or may not have heard of “cache” (pronounced, “cash”) software. but, during the past few months, i’ve done a lot of research and testing of different cache software plugins for this, my wordpress website.normally, when you run a wordpress site, every time someone   [more…]

tags: coding, diy, internet, personal, software, tech support, webdev prolific
saturday, january 4, 2025anyone who wants to, can see that since the early 1980’s — first on paper and in print; later on this site and on several others, as well as in several other forms and formats — i’ve been a busy little bee. a very prolific writer, quickly approaching 6,000 posts on this site alone (see this page’s footer).i don’t know the future, but   [more…]

tags: future, health, inspirational, internet, ministry, most important, personal, stroke, survivors, work hurricane milton (updated 10-22-2024)
monday, october 7, 2024it’s category 5 now, and it’s coming here.unfortunately, during a whole day of hard work yesterday by myself in a constant drizzle, and due to my two strokes, i could only very slowly install about 10 of our 100 or so metal hurricane shutters.today, i have   [more…]

tags: diy, ethics, friends, hardware, health, inspirational, most important, personal, security, stroke they’re eating the cats!
tuesday, september 17, 2024here is an actual quote from the nationally televised trump/harris 2024 presidential debate.a very creative and talented man turned a few of mr. trump’s incredibly ignorant, reckless, and racist statements into a hilarious viral music video, to make fun of him.if you want to confirm that mr. trump actually said those things,   [more…]

tags: animals, dubious, education, entertainment, ethics, funny, history, law, psychology, security, video color coding
saturday, august 24, 2024i started html coding in 1996, by studying the htlm of existing web sites. that’s how i’ve coded ever since, except that, in 2008, i figured out how to convert all 7xx of my existing web pages to wordpress. but i didn’t want to spend my time learning and using the “easy” wordpress gutenberg block editor with all of its menus and buttons. i continued to code in   [more…]

tags: coding, consumers, education, internet, personal, software real love
friday, august 2, 2024real loveis not a temporary, teenage delusionthat you feel powerless   [more…]

tags: education, friends, inspirational, ministry, most important, mr. peanut, personal, psychology health is their top priority
thursday, june 13, 2024a few days ago, my wife and i received a discouraging letter from our local health clinic:despite opening a brand new “senior clinic” within their huge facility only a few weeks ago (we decided to stick with our own trusted doctor, instead of switching to it),   [more…]

tags: consumers, dubious, ethics, future, health, law, personal, rights he’s still concerned about me
thursday, may 30, 2024yesterday was six-year-old mr. peanut’s last day of regular-school-year kindergarten.now, he will have a week of vacation before his summer-school transition to first   [more…]

tags: ethics, friends, funny, health, inspirational, ministry, most important, mr. peanut, personal, stroke my boys
monday, april 29, 2024i’ve known and lovedall three of you,ever since   [more…]

tags: education, friends, images, inspirational, ministry, most important, mr. peanut, personal, psychology whatever christians
wednesday, april 24, 2024i know people who areblack christians.others who are   [more…]

tags: domestic violence, education, friends, health, homeless, inspirational, ministry, most important, personal, psychology, survivors devuan chimaera to daedalus
sunday, april 14, 2024yesterday, i upgraded my office linux pc from devuan linux 4 (chimaera) to  5 (daedalus).daedalus has been the current stable release of devuan for the past seven months, with my old chimaera installation   [more…]

tags: coding, consumers, education, images, inspirational, internet, linux, personal, software, stroke, tech support easter 2024
sunday, march 31, 2024what follows was adapted and expanded from a personal letter to a friend, early this morning:if you are a true christian — a disciple of christ who is trying your best to hear the holy spirit’s still, small voice, in order to discern, and then fill your life with, god’s will —  [more…]

tags: education, ethics, friends, inspirational, ministry, most important, personal, psychology, work the state of the union
monday, march 4, 2024in a few days, the president of the united states of america will deliver his state of the union address to the nation.what follows is mine.  [more…]

tags: dubious, education, ethics, freedom, history, law, personal, psychology, rights ahmari’s plan
sunday, february 18, 2024as my regular readers know, my little mr. peanut is six years old now.he has two little brothers, who are 5 years old and 3 years old.the 5-year-old is named ahmari (uh-mar-ee). like both   [more…]

tags: art, education, friends, funny, images, inspirational, ministry, most important, mr. peanut, personal, psychology he’s my mini-me
friday, february 16, 2024a few nights ago, i picked up mr. peanut at the home of his grandma (melissa, my ministry partner), to take him back to his own home, about 25 miles away.as his uncle josh took his hand and led him to my car, 6-year-old mr. peanut was   [more…]

tags: consumers, education, friends, health, images, inspirational, ministry, most important, mr. peanut, personal, psychology josiah’s going to school
monday, january 29, 2024this morning, while taking the boys to their schools, they busily conversed in the back seat, while their mom was on her phone in the front passenger seat.as we turned a corner, about 1/2-mile from mr. peanut‘s (josiah’s) school, his youngest brother — barely-3-year-old braylen (tiny man) —   [more…]

tags: entertainment, friends, funny, images, inspirational, ministry, most important, mr. peanut, personal, video he’s still my baby
saturday, january 27, 2024yesterday at mcdonald’s, while his mother was at the counter, ordering food, 6-year-old mr. peanut and i waited for her, at the table that he had chosen for us.after a few minutes of talking, he suddenly crawled around the corner of the table, kissed my cheek,   [more…]

tags: consumers, education, friends, history, images, inspirational, ministry, most important, mr. peanut, personal, psychology he’s a little preacher
monday, december 25, 2023the other day, as is very often the case, mr. peanut and his two little brothers were all in my back seat.after several “conversations” about everything from school to “stop touching me with your leg!,” something changed. i don’t know   [more…]

tags: education, friends, images, inspirational, ministry, most important, mr. peanut, personal he’s got the heart of jesus
saturday, december 16, 2023yesterday after school, i took six-year-old mr. peanut to a local family dollar store.outside the store, a homeless man sat on the sidewalk, leaning back, against the   [more…]

tags: education, friends, homeless, images, inspirational, ministry, most important, mr. peanut, personal jibjab
thursday, december 14, 2023during the past few days, i’ve created over 150 hilarious, animated gifs and animated videos on jibjab.com, containing the faces of dozens of friends and relatives, adults, children, and pets.  [more…]

tags: art, consumers, diy, entertainment, friends, funny, images, ministry, most important, mr. peanut, personal, video are you okay…?
friday, november 24, 2023my regular readers know that six-year-old mr. peanut is a very sensitive little guy who’s always looking to help anyone who is sad or having medical trouble.several days ago, i took him to his grandma’s (my ministry partner, melissa’s) place, to   [more…]

tags: friends, funny, health, images, inspirational, ministry, most important, mr. peanut, personal, psychology decisions
friday, november 3, 2023back in the mid-1970’s, my wife and i attended a christian conference, at a university up north. sitting in a circle of strangers, in some shady grass outside one of the dorms, we attended a “small group” for fellowship and discussion.suddenly, an unknown woman   [more…]

tags: friends, future, history, inspirational, ministry, most important, personal, psychology, work ← older postsfebruary 2025smtwtfs 12345678910111213141516171819202122232425262728 
« jan
 
 
search for:

tagsaddiction animals art bud coding consumers cybercrime diy domestic violence dubious ecology education engineering entertainment ethics freedom friends funny future hardware health history homeless images inspirational internet law linux ministry most important mr. peanut personal psychology rights science security software stroke survivors tech support technology video webdev weight workinspirationalthe shacki’m really proud of my wife 3my new name badgemy first book 2all thingsworship time at bob evanshow to sing creative harmoniesthank you, dr. savagea different directionthanks 20 million!george5000toxic peoplebe stilli’m really proud of my wife 2ashes to asheskeep the spotlight on godmy bionic woman 2it was 40 years ago todayrust never sleepsif you’re a strong person of godmy bionic womanintegrityi’d rather have jesusthe event – 2014connections 26connections 24my guitarthe cold night sheltermy witnessconnections 21my ministry’s first anniversaryone finger twitch from deathwhat are you thankful for?sounds good to metoday was my 500thwouldn’t it be great? 2seeking spiritual harmonymy altared appearancehonest car repair and ministryconnections 15connections 14patrickconnections 5how to hold the flashlighti know a songmy new ministry web sitemy new ministryphrase looping 3my first concert in 30+ yearswouldn’t it be great?thanks, subconscious!once upon a timemy first bookbrain exercisesfatherly advicethe hammer doesn’t build…touchstoneswalk a milethe 100-pills dilemmabetter than a hallelujaha quiz for my regular readersi’m really proud of my wifelooking for cheapskatessweet!today is the dayhelping change liveswhen a man loves a womanan old neighbor; a new friendour jade anniversarylife is hard, but god is goodwork that really countsthe meaning of lifeyou are the mastercrusoemaking linux do lessfor the kidsa silent songhelping victims become survivorsa call to actionno one ever called me thatdan the piano mantrust mei love when that happenslike a glovediyprepare before you singa font of wisdomseeking the sounds of silencetoo humid is as bad as too drysome like it hotsome like it coldsome like it cold 2some like it warmsome like it coolsome like it air conditionedsome like it groundedsome like it connectedsome like it softsome like it reliablesome like it convenientsome like it cleansome like it enclosedsome like it fastersome like it repairedsome like it replacedsome like it gonesome like it quietsome like it organizedsome like it reflectivesome like it hitchedsome like it poweredsome like it driveablesome like it restoredsome like it uninhabitedsome like it blowingsome like it sealedverizon low-speed internet 8back out of troublemister destructofunnyhappy birthday, jim!because i’m not stupidfame eludes meodor-fighting atomic robots?that can’t be righti’m basically lazywhat’s the least popular…funny spam 2blood on my stringsneither snow nor rain… 2the kind of pie you throwi remembera romantic dinner for twothe soundtrack of my lifeonly as old as i feelsemicolonoscopysomeone sent me a computer!the musical stylings of mariea very special treatmy tax dollars at workname dropperit happened againpersonali’m missing part of my brainmy previous life is overhow i lost more than 100 poundsmy 1-1/2 bicepsfavorite quotesgrandpa’s watchsnapshots of paana tells the truthtech supportkicking out the bad guysto serve you better 21farewell hp pavilion slimlinebad behavior is really goodbad behavior is really good 2bad behavior is really good 3there’s a pale moon…my firefox 29 tweaksto serve you better 19to serve you better 15back to worklinux tech talk 6one man’s trash 2haunted building?verizon low-speed interneti should have knownkeith’s nightmarewhat happened?those were the dayslinux tech talkmy debian adventure: etchmy debian adventure 2: lennymy debian adventure 3: squeezethe security expertspottawubpetshappy birthday bud! 2017our doggy ambassadorspeteybud’s thundershirtmax’s first birthday!my therapy dogswelcome, maximilian kisses!max – thank you!maxpetey’s cat foodthe dog food i buymax’s new harnesshappy birthday, bud!bud’s coatit was my faultbud’s new bedold dog, new trickpetey’s conditionwanna go for a ride in the car?bud finds his forever homebud updatespookiebud’s videosbudconanhe ain’t heavy, he’s my buddyikeyit’ll be our little secretmax and petey are brothersmax goes for a ridepookie and max in bunk bedsmy confessionminimini – thank you!thank you for loving our petsmax goes to the gulfbird feedersmax – back to the futurelucky dogspetey says it’s time to wake upscooter finds a new homemax’s lighthousethe dreammy petssugarbootsconsumer infoseeking spiritual harmony 3skypemy guitar 2my guitar 3my guitar 4my hp 6000 pro sff computeri finally got smarthow to start an ebay storemy precision t3500 workstationmy new synology ds213j naswhere credit is duemy new echo srm-225 trimmerjohn pearse guitar stringsa sam ash disappointmentmy new digital tvmy new toro lawn mower 6i’ve broken up with googleminimizing my $50 mistakemy new camerashould you freeze your credit?my shopping listcraigslist dealsi knew it wasn’t rightsonicare pays for itselfpopcorn!canon camera recallfor eyesi hate sears lawn mowerspaypal is not my paldomestic violencemy brother, my sidekick, my babyevery childgeorge brandenburgmy first dv speechremember me?victim vs. survivormoving on: the death of hopewhat’s in a name?changing your name after abuseconnections 23do you post kids’ photos online?no tears for him5,971 posts and more than 23 million global visits since 1996.
copyright © 1986-2024 computerbob. all rights reserved. 


