










home - american mosquito control association
























































  
















skip to content














 
training centeramca eventsmember login











facebook





twitter





instagram





linkedin













































menu 
resources public relations & outreach tools press room world mosquito day training center and webinars research fund scholarship opportunities career centermosquito information mosquito biology life cycle vector-borne diseases mistaken ids why the world needs mosquito control fun facts mosquito control traps repellents pollinator protections ask the expert faqsmember services amca advocacy position papers amca’s action center washington conference young professionals young professionals committee young professionals newsletter contact young professionals young professionals events endangered species protections pesp program publications jamca newsletters wing beats sustaining membership unmanned aerial systems program directory member loginevents & news annual meeting what you need to know about the 2025 annual meeting – san juan, puerto rico washington conference upcoming webinars national mosquito control awareness week community calendar latest newswho we are history bylaws & procedures amca regions board of directors board minutes our sponsors committees awards & recognitions








 















 
 


 
 


 
 






























welcome to the american mosquito control association






driven to enhance health and quality of life through the suppression of vector-transmitted diseases and the reduction of mosquitoes and other public health pests by providing leadership, information, collaboration, tools, and education.




















					resources				








					mosquito information				








					member services				








					events & news				



















 
who we are
 
























mark your calendar










view all events

































learn more
















 
amca 2025 annual meeting 
we are headed to san juan, puerto rico in 2025! here is what you need to know about next year's annual meeting.
learn more 














 
amca advocacy 
amca advocacy – “we can all play a critical role in promoting and implementing mosquito control measures. advocating for your local mosquito control programs allows us to reduce the burden of mosquito-borne diseases in our communities.”
learn more 














 
get involved 
get involved in amca activities. join a committee, attend the annual conference, share your ideas, make a difference today.
learn more 














 
who we are 
the amca was found in 1935 and has grown into the leading authority in the management of mosquitoes and the pathogens they transmit.  learn more about this diverse group of people protecting the public’s health.
learn more 



















become a member
join in support of the mission to enhance health and quality of life through the suppression of vector-transmitted diseases and the reduction of mosquitoes and other public health pests by providing leadership, information, collaboration, tools, and education.

engage with a network of mosquito control professionals for knowledge exchange and career development.
access to member only publications, resources, and trainings. as well as discounted attendance to national meetings.
support legislative & regulatory advocacy efforts to protect the industry.








join today

















































sponsors


























                                veseris                            












                                azelis                            












                                amguard                            












                                envu                            












                                clarke                            












                                central life science                            












                                sc johnson                            












                                valent                            












                                fmc                            












                                vdci                            












                                oxitec                            
















next
previous









 












© 2025 american mosquito control association
 | 
site by growthzone












setting the standard of care in vector management.




















american mosquito control association













one capitol mall, suite 800; sacramento ca 95814 














888-626-0630 














amca@mosquito.org 










facebook





twitter





instagram





linkedin






















 © 2025 american mosquito control association.  all rights reserved | site by growthzone 








 



















