




rnceus.com 3 free nursing ce nurse ce





topbar.asp












































































quiz & evaluation (respiratory assessment: adult and child) © rnceus



 













questions: please respond to following statements.


1
the respiratory center is located in the:



  medulla 
  aortic arch 
  cerebral cortex 




2
which of the following symptoms indicates airflow obstruction and poor ventilation? 




  intercostal retractions 
  nasal flaring 
  pursed lip breathing 
  all of the above 




3
the best description for "flat" sounds heard on percussion would be:



  sounds heard normally over dense areas such as the heart or liver
  hollow, drum like sounds; normally heard over the stomach
  low-pitched, hollow sounds heard over normal lung tissue
  extremely dull sounds heard over solid areas such as bone
  louder and low pitched sounds normally heard in children and thin adults




4
the best description for "bronchial" sounds heard on auscultation would be:





  tubular sounds heard in the posterior chest between the scapulae; equal inspiration/expiration
  harsh sounds heard over the trachea
  loud and high pitched sounds; expiratory sounds last longer than inspiratory sounds
  soft, blowing or rustling sounds heard throughout most of the lung fields




5
mr. green, age 65, is a post-operative patient
with atelectasis. you would expect to find all of the
following on respiratory assessment, except: 




  decreased respiratory rate and decreased pulse rate 
  tactile fremitus decreased or absent 
  breath sounds decreased or absent on the affected side 
  delayed chest expansion on the affected side 




please evaluate the course.  choose the appropriate button to rate the following.


a
the learning outcomes for this activity were met.



											strongly agree  
											agree  
											neutral  
											disagree  
											strongly disagree  
										


b
this activity has enhanced my knowledge/skill/practice as a health care provider.



											strongly agree  
											agree  
											neutral  
											disagree  
											strongly disagree  
										


c

											you are required to spend a total of 300 minutes studying this course, internet links, exam and evaluation. 
											please confirm by entering the number "300" in this box. 






d

										   please tell us if you required more than 300 minutes to complete this course.  if so, how much total time did you spend? additional time does not increase the contact hours awarded.
										





e

 in your own words, complete this sentence - i will apply the information from this course to improve patient care outcomes by ...  (very important)








f

where did you hear about the rnceus.com website?




rnceus email
word of mouth
search engine
other: 






  
											












 






