





ippsr | institute for public policy and social research




























jump to navigation



michigan state university






search form

search 





 

  






ippsr

institute for public policy and social researchcollege of social science



                menu
              





mplpmichigan political leadership program
osroffice for survey research
sossstate of the state survey
 

  








ippsrippsrabout ippsr
our programs
director
staff directory
student fellows
affiliated faculty
events
ippsr news
contact ippsr
podcast
public policy fellowships

public policypublic policypublic policy forumspublic policy forumsschedule & registration
past forums archive

michigan applied public policy research (mappr)michigan applied public policy research (mappr)grants
paper archive

michigan policy wonk blog
policy research database
policy expert directory
correlates of state policy
ncsl ballot measures
state networks

political leadershippolitical leadershipmichigan political leadership program (mplp)michigan political leadership program (mplp)about mplp
apply
support mplp
mplp leaders & alumni
current fellows
mplp testimonials
mplp calendar
mplp events

legislative leadership program (llp)legislative leadership program (llp)about llp/next program
llp alumni
legislative leadership program registration
legislative leadership program resources
legislative staff training
register for legislative staff training

daniel rosenthal legislative intern award
daniel rosenthal award ceremony & workshops

survey researchsurvey researchoffice for survey research (osr)office for survey research (osr)about osr
research services
our experts
our work
contact osr

state of the state survey (soss)state of the state survey (soss)about soss
soss basics
soss publications
soss data
core questions
contact soss


 

  
















a tale of two economies 
on tuesday, february 4th, ippsr hosted a lunch-and-learn event that explored the rift between perceptions of the economy and reality. video of the forum may be found by clicking the picture. 



 

 

  
 






 


 



news



august 22, 2024
ippsr awards 2024-25 public policy grants
east lansing, mich., august 22, 2024- the institute for public policy and social research (ippsr) at michigan state university (msu) has announced the recipients of the 2024-25 michigan applied public policy...



january 13, 2025
michigan political leadership program announces 2025 fellows
east lansing, mich., january 13, 2025 – today, the michigan political leadership program (mplp) announced its incoming cohort of fellows for the 2025...
 
october 24, 2024
msu survey: harris leading in michigan
msu survey: harris leading in michigan
survey shows harris leading despite being perceived as further left than biden...
 
september 04, 2024
new grossmann book explores political polarization and educational attainment

 
"polarized by degrees"
new grossmann book explores political polarization and educational attainment...
 
more news >
 



programs






state of the state survey
soss takes the public pulse on michigan’s economy and leadership each quarter. researchers are invited to add questions.



 



office for survey research
osr has produced major research data for faculty, government agencies and major corporations by mail, phone and web.



 



legislative leadership program
this short course in public policy offers select training to those newly elected to the michigan senate and house.



 



public policy forums
ippsr’s series of public policy forums combine evidence-based research, theory and best practice. they are open to the public. reserve a seat.



 



michigan applied public policy research program
grants are awarded for applied policy research. they encourage the exchange of ideas between faculty and policymakers.



 



michigan political leadership program
mplp is one of the nation’s premiere leadership training programs, selecting 24 diverse men and women each year.



 



blog



 july 24, 2024
the annulment of roe v. wade: an analysis of state policy changes ensuing from dobbs v. jackson
...	




march 28, 2024
the world is hard to change

social science has its limits.
 
we live in a revolutionary time of social data expansion, methodological innovation and active...
 
january 17, 2024
partisan fairness and minority representation
in 2021, an independent citizen redistricting commission drew the district maps to be used in all elections to the michigan legislature over the following...
 
december 21, 2023
building a holistic political case for racial equity through unified policy transformation
racial equity is a defining challenge in america, a deeply rooted issue that demands a unified, comprehensive approach from policymakers across ideological...
 
view more entries >
 


 










professionals

apply for mplp fellowship
attend our public policy forums
consider our survey research services
find faculty experts
 

 



researchers

apply for a policy research grant
field your own survey
find affiliated faculty
add questions to the state of the state survey
 

 



students

analyze state of the state survey data
apply for a survey research job
find our student fellows
rosenthal legislative intern award
 

 
 








ippsr: msu institute for public policy and social research






509 e. circle drive, room 321east lansing, mi 48824-1226
(517) 355-6672




 

 

  















call us: (517) 355-6672
contact information
site map
privacy statement
site accessibility





call msu: (517) 355-1855
visit: msu.edu
msu is an affirmative-action, equal-opportunity employer.
notice of nondiscrimination



spartans will.
© michigan state university board of trustees






 
 

