lubbock apartments you'll actually love - lbkapts.com
toggle menusearch all apartmentstexas techrenter resources moving to lubbockjob searchttu student guide dealsmanagerslubbock apartmentsthat meet your lifestyle & budgetmonthly rentapartmentroomminmaxbedroomsany12345+travel time5 mins10 mins15 mins20 mins25 mins30 mins35 mins40 mins45 mins50 mins55 mins60 minsbyfromfind my apartmentfeatured apartmentsfeatured apartmentsapartments in lubbock made easy with lbkapts.comlbkapts.com is so much more than a list of apartments in lubbock. this website is managed by the lubbock apartment association, a team of true local experts on apartments in lubbock. what's the benefit to you as an apartment renter? we've already done your research and created a collection of the most comprehensive apartment listings in lubbock, tx. utilize our high-tech search to explore apartment options, make choices to fit your budget and preferences, skim up-to-date listings with photos, immersive 3dx virtual tours, updated floor plan pricing, and more to find your personal list of the best apartments in lubbock to call home.list of lubbock apartmentssouth plains malltexas tech universityuniversity medical centera better way to rent lubbock apartmentsstart your apartment search with the “find lubbock apartments” button below to see all available results or visit one of lbkapts.com’s specialized landing pages for popular lubbock apartment searches. whether you're looking to move to the city of lubbock, or the greater lubbock county area, you can utilize map tools to narrow your search by location. next, set your monthly apartment budget and check the box for amenities and features that matter most.our beloved "hub city," has so much to offer as the educational, economic, and healthcare hub for west texas. no matter the reason you have for relocating, we know it's lubbock's southern charm and small-town authenticity that will have you feeling at home. we are the welcome wagon and are here to help you every step of the way as you find your perfect lubbock apartment home and get settled in. we're glad you're here, come on in!find lubbock apartmentsit's easy. it's local. it's lubbock. explore your next lubbock apartmentwe are the experts on renting apartments in lubbockwhile the tools and information we provide to renters are incredibly helpful, the lbkapts.com team makes the difference. can you believe that we have 150 combined years living in lubbock and 56 combined years of experience in the apartment industry? we live here, we work here, and we’re part of this community. we love that small-town feeling we get when we see the smile of a familiar lubbockite and thrive on the charged community feeling before a big texas tech red raider game. we can't wait to give you a big texas welcome as you join us on the south plains in your new lubbock apartment home.your apartment questions answeredhow to keep your utilities budget friendly during the summerkeeping your utilities budget-friendly during the summer heat
as summer temperatures soar, so do our utility bills. however, keeping your lubbock apartment cool and your budget intact doesn't have to be a challenge. you can enjoy a comfortable living space without breaking the bank with a few strategic adjustments. here are some practical tips to help you keep your utilities budget-friendly during the summer heat.
1. optimize your air conditioning
your air conditioner is likely the biggest...
								read more »answered bymiranda  stablermay 29, 2024how to winterize your lubbock, texas apartmentwinterizing your lubbock, texas apartment: easy tips for renters
 
 as winter approaches in lubbock, texas, it's essential to prepare your apartment for the colder months ahead. while lubbock's winters might not be as severe as those in northern states, the temperatures can still drop significantly. to keep your apartment cozy and comfortable, follow these easy and efficient tips to ensure your space can withstand freezing temperatures.
 
1. check for drafts
 drafts...
								read more »answered bymiranda  stableroctober 25, 2023creative and renter-friendly ways to decorate your lubbock apartment for fallas the leaves start to change color and the air becomes crisp, it's time to embrace the cozy charm of fall in your lubbock, texas apartment. decorating for autumn doesn't have to be a hassle, even if you're a renter. in this blog post, we'll explore creative and renter-friendly ways to bring the warmth and beauty of fall into your apartment. from seasonal accents to space-saving ideas, these tips will help you transform your space into a fall haven without breaking your lease...
								read more »answered bymiranda  stableroctober 10, 2023what is the best time of year to move into my lubbock apartment?the best times of year to move into a lubbock apartment
  
moving into a new apartment can be an exciting experience, but it can also be stressful, particularly if you are not sure when the best time to move is. the timing of your move can have a huge impact on your experience, including your stress levels, the cost of your move, and even the availability of apartments. so, what are the best times of the year to move into a lubbock apartment? in this blog post, we'll be exploring...
								read more »answered bymiranda  stablerjune 18, 2023how can i reduce utility costs in my lubbock apartments?how to reduce utility costs in your lubbock apartment
are your utility bills making a dent in your budget? if you live in a lubbock apartment, it's possible to reduce the amount of money that you are spending on utilities. from simple changes like opting for energy-saving lightbulbs to minimizing the square footage you need, there are numerous ways that renters can cut back their electricity and heating costs without sacrificing comfort. in this article, we'll discuss why it's important to...
								read more »answered bymiranda  stablermarch 26, 2023what are the best tips for working remotely in my lubbock apartment?do you work remotely? or are you considering making the switch to working from home? there are many benefits to working remotely, including avoiding a commute, being able to design your own office space, and having greater flexibility with your schedule. if you live in an apartment in lubbock, tx, there are a few things you'll need to take into consideration to make remote work successful for you. keep reading for our tips on how to set up your home office and avoid distractions while working...
								read more »answered bymiranda  stablerfebruary 14, 2023 previous question view all faqs ask a questionnext question    we provide extensive filtersfrom luxury apartments in lubbock, to cheap apartments, and everything in between, finding just the right fit for your future apartment home is all about narrowing down your options. that's why lbkapts.com provides more than 150 search filters to help you find apartments in lubbock that best fit your lifestyle.  we have 3dx virtual tourswe've created custom 3dx virtual tours for many of the apartments on lbkapts.com, so you can get a feel for the apartment even before your first scheduled tour. whether you're looking for a one-bedroom apartment, or someplace pet-friendly, keep an eye out for the 3dx tour play button during your search, so you can preview the space with a virtual walkthrough.  we offermoving resourcesfinding your lubbock apartment is a huge accomplishment, but there's so much more to relocating to a new city. from moving tips, to setting up utilities, to getting out and exploring around your lubbock apartment, we've created the ultimate guide to moving to lubbock to help you get from point a to b. moving to lubbock to live in a student apartment? try the texas tech student guide to help you get acclimated to college life.  it's easy to get in touchonce you narrow down your options and identify your preferred lubbock apartment options, we make it easy to get in touch with the apartment leasing teams. you can easily choose a date and time to schedule a tour at your favorite two bedroom apartment, pick up the phone and call to ask questions, or submit a form to request availability for your favorite floor plan. what are you waiting for, click find my apartment and get started!what makes us different?we're a team of lubbock locals who are proud members of the apartment industry. we're the lubbock apartment experts. there's no one better to help welcome you to lubbock.search for apartments by:most frequentfloor planslubbock landmarksamenitiescollege studentslocal employersbest apartments in lubbock cheap apartmentsluxury apartmentsnice apartmentsnon-student apartmentspet friendly apartmentsquiet apartmentsshort term leasesttu off campus housing1 bedroom apartments2 bedroom apartments3 bedroom apartments4 bedroom apartmentsstudio apartments1 bedroom apartments near ttu2 bedroom apartments near ttu3 bedroom apartments near ttu4 bedroom apartments near ttuunder $800/monthunder $900/monthunder $1000/monthunder $1200/monthunder $1500/monthapartments near wayland baptist universityadventure parkcovenant healthfrenship independent school district joyland amusement parkapartments near lubbock christian universitylubbock independent school district lubbock lake national landmarklubbock preston smith airportlubbock-cooper independent school districtprairie dog townrawls golf course reese technology centersouth plains college lubbock centersouth plains mallthe buddy holly center ttu health sciences centerumc health systemunited supermarkets arenawest end shopping centerall inclusivebalconies and patiosbrand new apartmentsdishwashersdog parkselevatorsfurnished apartmentsfitness centersgated apartmentskitchen islandspet friendly apartmentswasher and dryer includedapartments near lubbock christian universityapartments near wayland baptist university1 bedroom apartments near ttu2 bedroom apartments near ttu3 bedroom apartments near ttu4 bedroom apartments near ttuapartments for freshmen at texas techapartments for graduate students at ttuapartments near greek circleapartments near jones at&t stadium at ttuapartments with guarantors acceptedapartments with individual leasesroommate matching availablesouth plains college lubbock centerstudent apartmentspet friendly apartments near texas techttu off campus housingapartments near south plains electric co-op-north apartments near ramar communicationsapartments near bayer crop scienceapartments near parkhill smith and cooper apartments near plains cotton cooperativejti propertiescovenant healthlee lewis constructionlubbock preston smith airportreese technology centerttu health sciences centerumc health systemunited supermarkets headquartersvexus fiberwest end shopping centerterms of service  
							|  privacy policy advertising manager login meet the teamcopyright © 2025 apartmentsfor 
						all rights reserved.4227 85th stlubbock, tx 79423 • (806) 794-2037our other markets×closeconnect with facebookconnect with googleor login create account forgot passwordget more out of your search!save your search & favoritesget price alertssee conversation historyplan a driving routeby creating an account you will gain access to these extended features.  we do not sell data!  we're simply interested in helping you find an apartment that fits your lifestyle & budget! view privacy policy