







team boise






































































































the team


              explore the area
            

              communities
            

            testimonials
          

              preferred builder
            

            blog
          

            mortgage calculator
          

            contact
          







back


            meet team boise
          


















































the team

meet team boise

explore the areacommunitiestestimonialspreferred builderblogmortgage calculatorcontact


















scroll













 











you deserve the best 
team boise is committed to providing you with exceptional representation, and we encourage you to set your expectations high. our clients are our top priority, and we believe that knowledge is power. with over 60 years of experience in the valley, we have acquired a wealth of expertise that we can apply to your unique situation.when working with sellers, our approach is straightforward: we understand that buyers are emotional creatures who often know if a home will work for them the moment they step inside. that's why we focus on presenting each property in a way that allows potential owners to see themselves living there. we also believe that spending money to get a home ready can make a big difference, and many of our clients are surprised at how little it takes.our buyer representation is unlike anything you've seen before. we view real estate as an investment, not just a purchase, and evaluate each home to ensure maximum resale value. by understanding a home's deficiencies, we help our clients make confident, informed decisions without getting bogged down by emotion. we won't waste your time showing you properties that aren't a good fit for your lifestyle and needs. and remember, the money you stand to make happens on the day you buy, not the day you decide to sell.if you're looking for more than an agent who just opens doors, we would be honored to provide you with the representation you deserve.



 









 

your new construction specialists

 

we’re new construction specialists and resale gurus with several years of experience selling residential real estate throughout the treasure valley. we primarily sell new construction and resale homes – working with developers, builders, buyers, and sellers. building client trust through product knowledge and providing concierge-level customer service is what we pride ourselves on. our team is dedicated to making sure you find your perfect dream home because you deserve it.

   













dale alverson

 













dason alverson

 



















explore our communities 
whether you’re looking to buy, sell, or build a new home, team boise serves the entire treasure valley. we make sure you don’t just have a house, you have a home to call your own. click below to get a little more insight on which community is best for you and your family. 



communities






  









    











learn more about the new construction process
building a new home doesn’t have to be a daunting task. learn more about the new construction process and what to expect through your journey. 



learn more here






 









 







 

let us find your dream home.we provide concierge-level service to all our clients because real estate is about you! when listing your home, our goal is to sell your home for the most amount of money in the shortest amount of time. we will also do whatever it takes to find you a new home and make sure you’re satisfied with your home buying experience! you are not just a client through the transaction – you’re our client for life!please complete the form below










              name
              
                *




first name





last name





              email
              
                *





              subject
              
                *





              message
              
                *







thank you!




 






banner



story



story (copy)



new page










find us on instagram  @teamboiserealestate








 
















 





 









 














