






attorney general office of missouri | jefferson city, missouri












































 


 





 











about the office
about ag bailey
meet our lawyers





contact us
join our team
trial masters





faqs about the office
speaking requests
attorney general honors
press releases






×










submit consumer complaint
no-call
consumer protection booklet
publications
id theft and data security





sunshine law
defenders – military legal assistance team
utility and digging safety
animal welfare complaints





office of prosecution services
police and sheriffs contacts
crime victims agencies
prosecution attorneys contact





see all






×










consumer protection
civil litigation
financial services





governmental affairs
public safety
labor division





criminal appeals
medicaid fraud
cold case






×













followfollowfollowfollowfollowfollow







followfollowfollowfollowfollowfollow


















 







andrew bailey 


					missouri attorney general				
about▼about the officeabout ag baileymeet our lawyerscontact usjoin our teamtrial mastersfaqs about the officespeaking requestsattorney general honorspress releasesget help▼no-callconsumer protection bookletpublicationsidentity theft & data securitysunshine lawdefenders – military legal assistance teamutility and digging safetyanimal welfare complaintsoffice of prosecution servicesmissouri police and sheriffs contactscrime victims agenciesprosecuting attorneys contactprograms/services from a-zdivisions▼consumer protectioncivil litigationfinancial servicesgovernmental affairspublic safetylabor divisioncriminal appealsmedicaid fraudcold case 
















about us
get help
divisions














search for:











 
















 
slide 1welcome to the office of the attorney general for the state of missouri.
slide 1we protect missourians in order to make our communities safer and more prosperous
 












how can we help you?








submit a complaint








constituents










consumerprotection








joinour team










publications








press releases













human trafficking



stop human trafficking together!



sunshinelaw



missouri’s sunshine law is the embodiment of missouri’s commitment to openness in government.



healthcare fraud & patient abuse



it happens when a health care provider knowingly bills mo healthnet even though it is not entitled to do so.



scams & fraud



the attorney general works to protect consumers and ensure a fair marketplace.



no-call



the no-call law allows missourians to reduce unwanted telemarketing calls made to their homes or cell phones.







news and updates








attorney general bailey files suit against starbucks for race-and-sex based discrimination

by ag bailey | feb 11, 2025jefferson city, mo.-today, missouri attorney general andrew bailey filed suit against starbucks for violating federal and state laws prohibiting race discrimination. the lawsuit asserts that starbucks enforces race-and-sex-based hiring practices, unlawfully segregates...
read more



attorney general bailey files suit against jackson county to protect free speech in counseling offices

by ag bailey | feb 10, 2025kansas city, mo. -today, missouri attorney general andrew bailey filed suit against jackson county over a recently passed ordinance that infringes on the first amendment rights of missourians and jeopardizes the well-being of children seeking therapy. the ordinance...
read more



attorney general bailey charges contractor with fraud in st. louis county

by ag bailey | feb 7, 2025st. louis, mo. - missouri attorney general andrew bailey announced today that the grand jury of st. louis county has returned charges against joseph c. benne, 38, for allegedly defrauding consumers in connection with his businesses all in one contracting and jcb...
read more


« older entries















andrew bailey
missouri attorney general

we protect missourians in order to make our communities safer and more prosperous. we prosecute criminal and civil offenses; advocate for consumers and those without a voice; empower the public by proactively educating them and connecting them with beneficial resources; and serve as legal counsel for the state and its agents.





 














quick links

consumer programs
contact us
join our team
reports




resources

ag opinions
missouri laws
forms
proposed rules
publications




about


about ag bailey
about the office
sunshine law












privacy policy



accessibility



site map



mo statutes







 





























