



















audie l. murphy memorial website

































audie l. murphy memorial website

























































home
a.m.r.f.
appearances
army
biography
books
collectibles
congress
decorations
documents





exhibits
fan club
freemasonry
guestbook
holtzwihr
mediaclips
messages
movies
newsletters
newspaper





photos
places
poems
reruns
samc
songs
stamp
tv show
videos/dvds








the official website for audie murphy.




welcome to the audie l. murphy memorial website












sponsored by the audie murphy research foundation, a non-profit, tax-deductible 501(c)(3) educational foundation recognized by the irs.
 


 













america's most decorated world war ii combat soldier
famous hollywood movie star






 

















awarded june 2, 1945


view all decorations










audie l. murphy







sign our guestbook and read our messageboard


guestbook



message boards

















awarded october 29, 2013


view all decorations



















february 13, 2021




a san antonio diaryclick to read






january 14, 2022




thru the mailboxclick to read








december 18, 2021




return of the quiet americanclick to read








nov 20, 2021





scotty's letterclick to view








nov 6, 2021




on the lighter side!click to view








october 23, 2021




the day the mcgreevy kid met the utica kidclick to view








september 26, 2021




rocketmanclick to read










  

 
the audie l. murphy memorial website is dedicated to the preservation, memory, honor, and history of the late audie l. murphy, america's most decorated combat soldier of world war ii and a famous movie star. the website is sponsored by the audie murphy research foundation (amrf), a non-profit 501.c.3 organization.
  
tragically, audie murphy died in a plane accident in 1971.
at the time of audie murphy's death, a troubled america seemed uninterested. when audie murphy's body was discovered his incredible life was given a combined total of 1 minute and 30 seconds of coverage by the major television news networks abc, cbs, and nbc.

  
over the years, the media's interest in audie murphy has waned more and more to the point where only an annual local mention of a hometown celebration commemorating the hero's life might be published.

  
sadly, the age of computers may have accelerated the decline in interest for audie murphy. reliable newspapers and other news sources have rapidly failed at an alarming rate. television news programming has become more concerned with ratings than facts. supermarket tabloids, a staple for many consumers, are focused on creating news instead of reporting it. digital books and internet websites are self-published without much effort or research, documentation, citations, or truth. 


social media with an emphasis on being "liked" and video games with their computer generated super heroes and villians are becoming the standards and role models of our younger generations.  perhaps worse of all, "cancelling american culture" seems to have become an increasingly fashionable trend and a politically approved movement.

it's little wonder that america's greatest heroes are becoming obscure and harder to find.

for these reasons the website was founded in 1996 out of a growing concern that the memory of audie was fading. since his death there have been published distortions and inaccurate accounts of murphy's life. unfortunately, many family members, close friends, soldiers, and actors who knew him best and could have set the record straight, have passed away.


it is our desire that this website become a collection of accurate and authentic resources children can learn from. we hope that adults will reacquaint themselves with an important part of their past. we seek to document a great american hero before he is forgotten. in doing so, we hope visitors will reflect on all of those who have fought, sacrificed, and died, past and present, for our freedom.





amrf quarterly newsletters


oct-dec 2021 (6 mgbs)



jul-sep 2021 (13 mgbs)



apr-jun 2021 (5 mgbs)



jan-mar 2021 (8 mgbs)



oct-dec 2020 (12 mgbs)



jun-sep 2020 (14 mgbs)

a collection of all articles in pdf format. 






help support the audie murphy research foundation











the amrf is a non-profit, 501(c)(3) educational foundation. donations are tax deductible.















january 29, 2022




audie murphy - undercoverclick to read






december 31, 2021




an american gaijin abroad and joe butterflyclick to read








december 4, 2021




parting shots by billclick to read










november 11, 2021




veterans day flowersphoto by charlotte








october 10, 2021




the petrelclick to read








september 11, 2021




the big breakclick to read








a proud partner with






click here to read their newsletters!



































quick links


home



message boards



guestbook



about the foundation














copyright © 1996, audie murphy research foundation (amrf), all rights reserved. images, likenesses, and the signature of audie murphy are trademarked by the amrf. photos are provided courtesy of the amrf and may not be reproduced or copied for commercial purposes without permission of the copyright owner. photos may be used for educational purposes.











last update: february 26, 2022
















