










home - greater newburyport chamber of commerce & industry






















































 






















skip to content









 member login  |  privacy policy  |  join our newsletter











































find jobs











find internships




























































 
members members join referral progam business coursesvisitors offers pressgift cardseventsfoundationcontact






























start a business










 


















 
 
















serving 800+ members from southern nh to ipswich






with all the charm of a quintessential new england town, this small city with a population of nearly 18,500 is situated alongside the historic and mighty merrimack river.  within this thriving community the greater newburyport chamber of commerce and industry is proud to represent more than 800 members from a variety of sectors throughout the region. join us as we continue to grow and connect our members with solutions and tangible programs that make a difference.









visitors











members





















our 2024-2025 visitor and resource guide






exploring our seaport as a local or visitor, you’ll find newburyport to be a vibrant maritime and merchant destination for all seasons.


































which way are you going?






for more than 100 years, we have evolved to work with our members to support regional commerce and industry. join us!













visitors












members












gift cards












jobs


















come visit us!






there is so much to see and do in newburyport!



















video sponsored by bentley's real estate








and produced by lmv productions


















robust industry






the greater newburyport chamber of commerce and industry is proud of our long history in supporting our members to leverage local and national resources and solutions. our dynamic business park has been thriving and continues to grow with new industries and unique solutions amidst challenging times. outside of the business park, newburyport is home to a diverse business community, full of industry leaders both large and small.









member resources



































happenings






what would a thriving community be without a robust calendar for all to enjoy?






our goal is to support all of our sectors in their efforts to make connections. both virtually and in person. we look forward to seeing you at one of these valuable programs in the near future. can’t make it? check out our library of resources which provides a recording of the program for future viewing.











upcoming events






 







click to see more events
















 












© 2025 greater newburyport chamber of commerce & industry
 | 
site by growthzone












get in touch













staff directory 














chamber regional headquarters112 parker street, newburyport ma 01950 














info@newburyportchamber.org 











978-462-6680 













join our e-mail list 










tourism partners










































stay connected




































© 2025 designed by shook strategies. all rights reserved.









 
scroll to top













