








business partners limited - business loan provider for viable smes




























































skip to content



 


search for:










toggle navigationhomeabout uswho we areour heritagecorporate centregeneral infofinancial statementsshareholder informationservicesbusiness financeproperty financeproperty joint venture fundgreen buildings financenon-financial servicesenergy fund for smesasset financeshort term financeapplication processour clientsinfo hubmedia releasesbusiness tipsclient storiescareersgrowth centrecontact usfaqsgeneral enquiriesbilling & accountshr enquiriesmedia & public relationsnew finance enquiriesproperty tenantsoffice locationssubscribeunsubscribeloginapplication platformcustomer self-service portalapply now  


search for:










 


search for:










toggle navigationhomeabout uswho we areour heritagecorporate centregeneral infofinancial statementsshareholder informationservicesbusiness financeproperty financeproperty joint venture fundgreen buildings financenon-financial servicesenergy fund for smesasset financeshort term financeapplication processour clientsinfo hubmedia releasesbusiness tipsclient storiescareersgrowth centrecontact usfaqsgeneral enquiriesbilling & accountshr enquiriesmedia & public relationsnew finance enquiriesproperty tenantsoffice locationssubscribeunsubscribeloginapplication platformcustomer self-service portalapply now  


search for:










apply now
 





homebpl admin2024-03-12t20:13:23+02:00 




 
eoy winners 2024meet the 2024 entrepreneur of the year® awardeesread moreshort term financequick finance for your short-term working capital needsget short-term finance from r250 000 - r750 000 and repay us over 18 months.apply nowasset financefinance your business equipment with us.get asset finance from r250 000 to r5 million to buy business equipment ranging from engineering to manufacturing equipment.apply nowenergy fundreduce your energy bill with our energy fund for smes.finance your generator, inverter system, solar panels and more. no repayment obligations for the first 6 months.apply now 



who we are
we are one of the leading loan providers for viable smes in the world.
since 1981, business owners have trusted us to unlock business value in over 71 000 business finance transactions. we’ve approved finance to the tune of r20 billion+ to established entrepreneurs. the global sme finance awards named us the 2019 gold winner in the sme bank of the year – africa.
more about uswhat we do

1. business finance
we provide finance ranging from r500 000 to r50 million to established entrepreneurs with a viable formal business. we tailor our finance to meet your business’s unique needs and negotiate pricing and repayment terms with you. we assess your business for viability and engage with you to understand your business’s potential. we don’t just look at security as demonstrated by your financials.
read morewhat we do

2. property finance
we’re one of a handful of financiers who provide business owners with up to 100% in commercial property finance. our property finance caters to established entrepreneurs with a viable business who want to refinance or purchase their own premises, as well as established entrepreneurs looking to add a property component to their investment portfolio.
read morewhat we do

3. property joint venture fund
with 40 years of experience in acquiring and managing properties, we are proud of what we offer to small and medium enterprises (smes) and property equity partnerships (co-ownerships). our portfolio boasts over 160 buildings across south africa and is represented by the full spectrum of industrial, retail and commercial offerings specifically designed to benefit the sme.
read morewhat we do

4. mentorship and technical assistance
our mentorship support services and technical assistance harness the business expertise, skills and wisdom of senior business and professional people – often retired executives, making their services available to entrepreneurs in small and medium enterprises (smes), at a fee commensurate with the complexity of the entrepreneur’s business development needs.
read morewatch our mantra
sorry, your browser doesn't support embedded videos.what our clients say
louise concar
offshore africa training centre
industry: education, training and development
offshore africa is the first south african training centre to achieve offshore petroleum industry training organisation (opito) accreditation in south africa. “we train for the offshore oil and gas industry in sa and business partners ltd saw the big picture, they saw the long-term partnership and the advantage for them and for us to make some money.”
watch videogrant muller
seeds for africa
industry: agro-processing, e-commerce
seeds for africa is a premier gardening destination that has the largest range of seeds on the continent. “the support we received from business partners ltd has impacted our company positively in that we aren’t affected by load shedding. i would recommend that entrepreneurs work with business partners ltd.”
watch videodr. millicent motsepe
mdm orthodontics
industry: medical
mdm orthodontics offers patients the best quality orthodontic treatment at an affordable price. “in the beginning when i started my business, it wasn’t especially when it came to finance because i had to finance my business from scratch, out of my own pocket as it is not easy for entrepreneurs to get funding from banks. business partners has impacted my business in a positive way in a sense that my mentor helps me to grow and brought in new ideas where i was lacking and they also helped me to buy the business premises that i’m using, of which now i have ownership of.”
watch videomore from our clientslet us help
grow your
business.




 
 
contact us
whistleblower hotline
contact us
faqs
explore
entrepreneur of the year®
business partners international
sme toolkit
info hub
 


search for:











links
access to information
terms & conditions
email disclaimer
privacy policy
cookie policy
 


search for:











2023© business partners limited
2023© business partners limited


 
 
page load link



we use cookies essential for this site to function well, personalise our content and improve your user experience. clearing cookies may limit some of the site functionality. by clicking “accept all”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device. read more in our cookie policy.					

			accept		











go to top




