

fire extinguisher: 101












 fire extinguisher : 101


 
 fire 

        extinguisher types (what kind do i use?) 


 









home


about fire  extinguishers


using 
            
            a fire extinguisher


fire 
            
            prevention


fire 
            
            hazards


first aid for fire 


financial protection 


biggest 
            
            fires in history


firefighters


this site was voted:

by onlinefiresciencedegree.org 
(scroll to 74 on the list) 

 



         


this 

              site is intended to provide individuals with general information 

              pertaining to fire extinguisher types and fire prevention.


with so many fire 

        extinguishers to choose from, selecting the proper one for your home 

        can be a daunting task. everyone should have at least one fire extinguisher 

        at home, but it's just as important to ensure you have the proper type 

        of fire extinguisher. fire protection experts recommend one for the kitchen, 

        the garage and workshop.
fire extinguishers 

        are divided into four categories, based on different types of fires. each 

        fire extinguisher also has a numerical rating that serves as a guide for 

        the amount of fire the extinguisher can handle. the higher the number, 

        the more fire-fighting power. the following is a quick guide to help choose 

        the right type of extinguisher. also see how to buy a fire extinguisher.










class a extinguishers 
                
                are for ordinary combustible materials such as paper, wood, cardboard, 
                
                and most plastics. the numerical rating on these types of extinguishers 
                
                indicates the amount of water it holds and the amount of fire 
                
                it can extinguish. geometric symbol (green triangle)
class b fires 
              
              involve flammable or combustible liquids such as gasoline, kerosene, 
              
              grease and oil. the numerical rating for class b extinguishers 
              
              indicates the approximate number of square feet of fire it can 
              
              extinguish. geometric symbol (red square)
class c fires 
              
              involve electrical equipment, such as appliances, wiring, circuit 
              
              breakers and outlets. never use water to extinguish class c fires 
              
              - the risk of electrical shock is far too great! class c extinguishers 
              
              do not have a numerical rating. the c classification means the 
              
              extinguishing agent is non-conductive. geometric symbol (blue 
              
              circle)
class d fire 
              
              extinguishers are commonly found in a chemical laboratory. they 
              
              are for fires that involve combustible metals, such as magnesium, 
              
              titanium, potassium and sodium. these types of extinguishers also 
              
              have no numerical rating, nor are they given a multi-purpose rating 
              
              - they are designed for class d fires only. geometric symbol (yellow 
              
              decagon)
class k fire 
              
              extinguishers are for fires that involve cooking oils, trans-fats, 
              
              or fats in cooking appliances and are typically found in restaurant 
              
              and cafeteria kitchens. geometric symbol (black hexagon)




some fires may involve 

        a combination of these classifications. your fire extinguishers should 

      have abc ratings on them. 
here are the most 

        common types of fire extinguishers:



 
water 

                extinguishers or apw extinguishers 

                (air-pressurized water) are suitable 

                for class a fires only. never 

                use a water extinguisher on grease fires, 

                electrical fires or class d fires - 

                the flames will spread and make the 

                fire bigger! water extinguishers are 

                filled with water and are typically 

                pressurized with air. again - water 

                extinguishers can be very dangerous 

                in the wrong type of situation. only 

                fight the fire if you're certain it 

                contains ordinary combustible materials 

                only.
dry 

                chemical extinguishers come in a 

                variety of types and are suitable for 

                a combination of class a, b and c 

                fires. these are filled with foam 

                or powder and pressurized with nitrogen. 

                

bc 

                    - this is the regular type of dry 

                    chemical extinguisher. it is filled 

                    with sodium bicarbonate or potassium 

                    bicarbonate. the bc variety leaves 

                    a mildly corrosive residue which 

                    must be cleaned immediately to prevent 

                    any damage to materials.  
abc 

                    - this is the multipurpose dry chemical 

                    extinguisher. the abc type is filled 

                    with monoammonium phosphate, a yellow 

                    powder that leaves a sticky residue 

                    that may be damaging to electrical 

                    appliances such as a computer





dry chemical extinguishers 

        have an advantage over co2 extinguishers since they leave a non-flammable 

        substance on the extinguished material, reducing the likelihood of re-ignition. 

        

carbon dioxide 

          (co2) extinguishers are used for class b and c fires. co2 

          extinguishers contain carbon dioxide, a non-flammable gas, and are highly 

          pressurized. the pressure is so great that it is not uncommon for bits 

          of dry ice to shoot out the nozzle. they don't work very well on class 

          a fires because they may not be able to displace enough oxygen to put 

          the fire out, causing it to re-ignite. 

co2 

        extinguishers have an advantage over dry chemical 

        extinguishers since they don't leave a harmful 

        residue - a good choice for an electrical fire 

        on a computer or other favorite electronic device 

        such as a stereo or tv.


 it 

              is vital to know what type of extinguisher you are using. using 

              the wrong type of extinguisher for the wrong type of fire can be 

              life-threatening.


these are only the 

        common types of fire extinguishers. there are many others to choose from. 

        base your selection on the classification and the extinguisher's compatibility 

        with the items you wish to protect. 
read about the benefits 

        and applications of an automatic fire extinguishers.
 
articles: 

        
the 

        comeback of fire extinguishing balls and their benefits new
the 

        basics of firefighter training

examining 

        the basics of fire sprinkler systems 
kitchen 

        fire safety 101  
wildfire 

        protection for you and your home
garden 

        torch candles defined 
arson statistics: who is setting the 

        fires and how often does arson occur?
top 

        key tips to filing a fire insurance claim 
holiday fire safety
fire safe cigarettes 

        save lives
 understanding electrical 

        fire safety
wildfire prevention 

        tips: protect your home and property  
 wood fire safety 

        101
other interests: 

        
 sparky the fire dog? 

        - the official mascot of the “national fire protection association”.
car fire extinguisher? 

        - yes, they have those too. explains what to look for in a car fire extinguisher.
a tribute to firefighters 

        - learn about the men and women, who risk their lives daily to keep our 

        homes and communities safe from the damaging and potentially fatal effects 

        of fire.
  


 
 
home 
        
        | about fire extinguishers | using a fire extinguisher | fire prevention 
fire 
          
        hazards | first aid for fire | financial protection | biggest fires in history
resources | site map | articles | advertising on fire-extinguisher101



 



