



















drba home page | delaware river and bay authority





















































police


tolls


traffic cams




drba top navigation


e-zpass


tolls


procurement


employment


police


contact










aboutabout the drbacommissionersgovernancemanagement teamfacilitiesemploymentdrba policetravelbridgesairportsferriese-zpassbusinesscapital projectsdevelopment opportunitieseconomic developmentenvironment, health & safety financial informationprocurementnews & mediaconnections community newsletternews roommeetings & eventstraffic datafreedom of information request sitemap






search

search





















drbaconnections that move you
bridgesthe delaware memorial bridge links delaware and new jersey with graceful twin spans soaring high above the delaware river.
learn more

ferriestake a break from the ordinary on memorable cruises that connect people across the delaware bay  and the delaware river. 
learn more

airportslearn about the 5 drba airports in delaware and new jersey and the exciting opportunities taking place in regional aviation. 
learn more

parksveterans memorial park at the bridge honors those who served and sacrificed in combat in our armed services.
learn more



our missionconnecting people and places in the heart of the northeast corridor. 





delaware memorial bridge two phase toll increase proposal
the drba is proposing a two phased plan for delaware memorial bridge (dmb)toll rates. the first phase would impact those customers who pay cash and would increase the rate by $1 effective april 1, 2025. e-zpass users and those who sign up for all discount plans are not impacted. the goal is to encourage cash customers to transition to e-zpass, paving the way for a conversion to cashless tolling at the dmb. the second phase would impact all customers – and would take effect no earlier than january 1, 2027. click below to learn more.
learn about the toll increase proposal




we're hiring!
working at the delaware river & bay authority provides opportunities for people to participate in public service through multiple career fields -- from engineering and finance to hr, law enforcement, and transportation management.  jobs range from internships and part-time posts to full-time work across multiple disciplines. 
to learn more, scroll through some of our sample brochures about work in key departments, see videos on our working here page, or check current openings with the button here.  
current openings






learn about us

the delaware river & bay authority (drba) is an organization of people serving people. this bi-state agency is as proud of our transportation connections on land, water, and in the air that serve the traveling public as we are about our partnered economic development initiatives in both delaware and new jersey.  the authority's community involvement reflects its 60-year history of giving back to the community and publics it serves.  
we invite you to explore this web site to learn more about our history, what we do, and our vision for the future.  thank you for checking in with us, and we hope you're able to use one of our travel connections soon to visit relatives, transport goods or services, or take a well-deserved vacation.  after all, that's our mission -- to connect people and places in the heart of the northeast corridor. 


a  look at the drba today






the drba is a member of the nj e-zpass. our customer service center is located in the vincent a. julia building adjacent to the toll plaza. hours are:
10:00 am - 6:00 pm thursdays
9:00 am- 5:00 pm  all other weekdays
closed saturday and sunday
for more info:
(888) auto-toll --  (888) 288-6865










live traffic cams
looking for traffic cams to see traffic on the delaware memorial bridge? here's your button to the page. 
bridge traffic cams

are you headed to the shore and also curious about traffic at the cape may-lewes ferry?  or, if you're a wildlife watcher, are you curious about our local osprey who nest at the lewes terminal? here's the button for you. 
ferry traffic cams 






news & updates


4 february, 2025
government finance officers association (gfoa) recognizes drba for excellence in financial reporting for nineteenth consecutive yearread article
30 january, 2025
avelo airlines enters third year of service at wilmington airport (ilg)read article
15 january, 2025
delaware river and bay authority releases 2025 committee and board meeting scheduleread article



see more articles


meetings


19 february, 2025 | 10:00 amcommittee and board meetings - february 2025
18 march, 2025 | 10:00 amcommittee and board meetings - march 2025
15 april, 2025 | 10:00 amcommittee and board meetings - april 2025
20 may, 2025 | 10:00 amcommittee and board meetings - may 2025



see all meetings






did you know?the first vehicle on the first crossing of the cape may-lewes ferry on july 1, 1964 was a ford mustang.


did you know?today, the delaware memorial bridge handles more vehicles in an hour than it did the entire first day it was opened.


did you know?the first span of the delaware memorial bridge was opened for traffic on august 15, 1951.





additional links
about the drba 
police
employment
procurement

































©2025 drba. all rights reserved.


drba navigation

contact us
general administration
(302) 571-6300
 
e-zpass customer service
(888) 288-6865
 
employee self service (ess)
employee login
employee benefits portal
 
civil rights
privacy policy and
terms of use




about


about the drba


commissioners


governance


management team


facilities


employment


drba police




travel


bridges


airports


ferries


e-zpass




business


capital projects


development opportunities


economic development


environment, health & safety 


financial information


procurement




news & media


connections community newsletter


news room


meetings & events


traffic data


freedom of information request 


sitemap





mailing address
delaware river and bay authority
p.o. box 71
new castle, de 19720
 
physical address
delaware river and bay authority
delaware memorial bridge plaza
2162 new castle ave
new castle, de 19720






















