














home | north american division of seventh-day adventists














seventh day adventist logo

this is an official website of the seventh-day adventist church. learn more about adventists.
 




 
menu
 













about 


beliefs 

history 

organizational structure 

north american division map 

guidelines 

unity in mission 

nad brand guidelines 



hope and wholeness 

events 


2024 nad year-end meeting 

calendar 

hold your meeting at nad headquarters 



departments 


administration 

ministries and services 

affiliates 

initiatives 



news 


newspoints 

news 

stories and commentaries 

press releases 

adventist journey 



directory 


 








world
english 




check

						english
		

 


find a church 

contact 

press inquiries 




search


submit
 





 
 
 





















together in mission
the north american division strategic focus 
the nad’s strategic focus “together in mission” incorporates the general conference theme “i will go,” with special divisional emphasis on media, multiplying, and mentorship.

 

click here to learn more
 


 
 
 
 
















 








news & events









 

transforming the lives of stroke survivors: adventhealth, orlando neurosurgery first in nation to perform 50 vivistim implant cases

more patients have been helped by an innovative device for stroke survivors at adventhealth than any other health system in the country. adventhealth orlando is the first hospital to use the vivistim® paired vns™ system to help 50 patients. this transformative device, designed to aid stroke survivors in their rehabilitation journey, has shown remarkable success in improving hand and arm function. 
read more
 
 
 
 
 










 

three documentary series about “purpose,” additional media projects, unveiled at gain europe

the adventist church communication community, global adventist internet network (gain) europe, in coordination with hope media europe, has unveiled its latest film and media productions, and written content, under the theme my greatest purpose. this new global network project focuses on the theme of life purposes, bringing together the collaboration, efforts, and teamwork of numerous media centers and entities of the adventist church worldwide. during the 2024 gain europe conference, held on november 15-19 in budva, montenegro, hope media europe presented the results of more than two years of work: three documentary series, a narrative film, an upcoming book on “purpose,” and new free-to-view streaming website j+.
read more
 
 
 
 
 










 

ken norton named voice of prophecy bible school director

ken norton, president of the montana conference, has accepted the voice of prophecy’s invitation to serve as the discover bible school director. he will begin his service at the ministry on march 2, 2025.
read more
 
 
 
 
 










 

an appeal for human dignity and decency  

there are many in the united states who are afraid for their futures, and for the lives of family members. as a christian denomination in the u.s., the seventh-day adventist church supports the rights of all persons, no matter their country of origin — the equal rights provided in the u.s. constitution and fair treatment as immigrants and refugees in this country. as members of the seventh-day adventist church, we believe that “we are all equal in christ, who by one spirit has bonded us into one fellowship with him and with one another; we are to serve and be served without partiality or reservation” (fundamental belief no. 14). the seventh-day adventist church in north america encourages its churches and schools to be warm and welcoming places for all people. all are created by god and deserve to be treated with dignity and respect.
read more
 
 
 
 
 



more news



nad newspoints e-newsletter





 





 









 spotlight: the north american division joins the 2023-2024 "the great controversy" project initiative





during the adventist-laymen’s services and industries international convention in aug. 2021, gc president ted n.c. wilson announced an initiative to distribute copies of the great controversy worldwide. in 2023, the nad is encouraging members to participate in a special new approach to distribution.
read more
 
 
 
  












 



the hope and truth that we have is [built on] more than just what we've done in the past. we can take the truths we've embraced as a church and make them applicable to today's challenges in society. ... we can be a voice that people go to in these uncertain times and [hear] the certainty that we know god is going to get us through.
— g. alexander bryant, president for the north american division
 
 
 
 
 
















 
 
 









north american division interactive map
loading map ...





 

 










facebook 

twitter 

vimeo 

youtube 

flickr 





seventh day adventist logo













www.nadadventist.org is a part of the website domains of the seventh-day adventist world church.
						
 
 
 




														copyright © 2025, north american division of the seventh-day adventist church													
9705 patuxent woods drive, columbia, md 21046-1565, usa 443-391-7200
 

legal notice
privacy policy

 
 
 
 
 







