








online degree programs | national american university































































































apply now
learn more



800-209-0182













programs






	by degree level
certificates & diplomasassociate degreesbachelor’s degreesmaster’s degreesdoctoral degreesupskill academy career trainingupskill academy professional development 



	by subject
accountingaviation managementbusiness & managementconstruction managementeducationenergy managementgraduate managementhealthcarehuman resourcesinformation technologyinterdisciplinary studiesparalegal studiesprofessional legal studies 



henley putnam school of strategic security
criminal justiceintelligence managementstrategic securityterrorism and counterterrorism 
 

admissions

get startedfirst-time studentsgraduate studentsmilitary studentstransfer studentsacademic partnersadmissions faqrequest information
tuition and financing

tuition and feesfinancial aid and funding optionsmilitary & veteran funding optionscost of attendance
about us

why naublogmission, purpose, vision & historycareers at nauinformation & disclosures
student resources

mycampus - student portald2l - classesnau librarycareer resourcestranscript request
 























800-209-0182
apply online
request information
 























degree programs 

college of undergraduate studies
henley-putnam school of strategic security
harold d. buckingham graduate school
college of legal studies


admissions 

get started
first-time students
graduate students
military students
transfer students
academic partners
admissions faq
request information


tuition & financing 

tuition and fees
financial aid and funding options
military & veteran funding options
cost of attendance


about nau 

why nau
blog
mission, purpose, vision & history
careers at nau
information & disclosures


student resources 

student portal
desire2learn
transcript request


 


search











 







 
nau-caurosel-specialannouncementthinking of a doctorate of strategic security? book a 1 on 1 with the program dean!
book herenau-caurosel-studentspotlight-opt1progress and pay lessundergraduate programs provide students a path to  a 5 - 10% tuition decrease as they achieve key milestones.
learn more nau-caurosel-socialmedia-opt1follow us on social media!nau-caurosel-blog-opt2using ai to create a student success planan overview of a useful ai prompt
explore blogupskill sliderupskill academy - career focused training  



 








 
			 open the doors of opportunity with an affordable online certificate or degree program from nau. we offer a generous transfer policy and tuition that decreases as you progress toward your eligible undergraduate degree. opportunity is knocking. answer today.

commencement 2024      |    	80 years of nau 







select.

 

pursue.
select a degree level


succeed.





classes begin march 3rd 










why choose national american university?









100% online
nau is a pioneer in elearning, providing flexible and convenient online instruction for more than 20 years









generous transfer policy 
up to 75% of your degree can be earned through eligible transfer credits allowing you to finish your program more quickly and affordably.











accreditation
accredited by the higher learning commission (hlcommission.org), an institutional accreditation agency recognized by the u.s. department of education. business programs accredited through the international accreditation council for business education.









supportive faculty and student services advisors
dedicated instructors and student services advisors will support you throughout your program and are committed to your success in school and career.













college doesn’t need to be expensive

nau is committed to college affordability. that’s why we offer the convenience of online learning— so you can learn while you earn—and lower tuition rates. and there’s more:








reduced tuition for active duty, veterans, and their families 
generous transfer policy that maximizes allowable credits (prior education, life experience, on-the-job training, national testing, etc.)
up to 75% undergraduate/70% master’s credits can be earned via transfer 
tiered tuition that lowers your cost-per-credit as you earn more credits toward your eligible undergraduate degree program 
financial aid and scholarship opportunities



learn more

















tiffany j.
bs accounting, 2022

“through nau and a lot of determination and sacrifice, i finally achieved an amazing goal…”








rajeev p.
master of business administration, 2022

“nau has been exceptionally instrumental in helping me pursue a masters degree while working a full-time job. the flexibility and generosity communicated by the university and faculty is unmatched…”








sara t.
ms terrorism and counterterrorism, 2022

“throughout my nau journey i have enjoyed being able to work on my degree while being a wife, mother and marine. nau has some of the greatest academic advisors, faculty members and professors.”








ian d.
doctorate of strategic security, 2022 

“nau”s doctorate of strategic security program is the perfect fit for relevant career-related instruction.”










•recent nau news
see full list







education matters
faculty spotlight: natasha celestin – shaping the future of health management curriculum at national american university 









faculty spotlight
fall 2024 “best in class” faculty award winner: professor shekendra collins 









education matters
using ai to create a student success plan tailored to you 











 





×





need some help?





























accreditation
national american university is accredited by the higher learning commission - hlcommission.org - 800-621-7440.
national american university
						4020 jackson blvd suite 1
						rapid city, sd 57702
mail: 
						po box 677
						rapid city, sd 57709
privacy policy


links
information & disclosures
investor relations
catalogs
nau canada online
request transcript
covid-19
nau gear shop
 










































