





chestnut hill on the delaware – bread and breakfast in milford, nj










































 


skip to content 





 




menu

home
about the inn

meet the owners


accommodations

summer morning
teddy’s place
hearts and flowers
rose garden
the pineapple room
country cottage
paradise suite
the palms
social rooms


our gardens
the seasons

winter
spring
summer
fall


local attractions
contact us

directions


 





































we welcome you to our home, located in the small town of 
milford, new jersey, 
where you’ll experience the charm and grace of a century past.
rob & linda castagna
due to rainy weather there are times you cannot see the dock or ride with rob up the river.
he loves to take guests out and give them a history tour but it is not always possible.
hopefully when you come it will be just right.







 chestnut hill
on the
delaware
63 church street
milford, nj 08848
(888) 333-2242
(908) 995-9761

 visit our virtual tour!adobe flash required



 



 perched high on the banks of the scenic delaware river, chestnut hill bed and breakfast and its companion all-suite, country cottage, are beautifully preserved, victorian-era lodgings.


the milford area includes various dining attractions. we are proud of the ship inn  the first brew pub in new jersey. new to our town, the milford house is delightful. housed in an old mill, the former home of the milford oyster house, has a lovely young couple creating their own design for dining. pipolo’s pizza remains a mainstay for good italian dishes as well as their popular pizza. we have been blessed by a family operated deli called the bridge street deli, great addition to town. as is chocolate in the oven  ideal for topping off a walk through town, or designing a birthday party full of special treats. a bakery that not only looks good but tastes great.

 








 
 

 
 

 
 






					© copyright 2025: chestnut hill on the delaware - all rights reserved				




scroll back to top













