

city of wisner








quick linksskip to main contentskip to navigation

search for:city of wisner

current conditions as of 16 feb 02:15 am cstovercastlocation:wisnerfeels like:-15°humidity:71wind:n 17 mph4°overnightmostly cloudy, with a steady temperature around 2. wind chill values as low as -20. blustery, with a north northwest wind around 18 mph, with gusts as high as 26 mph. sundaypartly sunny and cold, with a high near 10. wind chill values as low as -23. blustery, with a north northwest wind 13 to 18 mph decreasing to 7 to 12 mph in the afternoon. winds could gust as high as 25 mph. sunday nighta 50 percent chance of snow after midnight.  mostly cloudy, with a low around -5. north northwest wind around 6 mph becoming calm. weather forecast provided by weather.gov.

sign in linksearch

main navigationtoggle navigationcurrent conditions as of 16 feb 02:15 am cstovercastlocation:wisnerfeels like:-15°humidity:71wind:n 17 mph4°overnightmostly cloudy, with a steady temperature around 2. wind chill values as low as -20. blustery, with a north northwest wind around 18 mph, with gusts as high as 26 mph. sundaypartly sunny and cold, with a high near 10. wind chill values as low as -23. blustery, with a north northwest wind 13 to 18 mph decreasing to 7 to 12 mph in the afternoon. winds could gust as high as 25 mph. sunday nighta 50 percent chance of snow after midnight.  mostly cloudy, with a low around -5. north northwest wind around 6 mph becoming calm. weather forecast provided by weather.gov.

sign in linksearch
homecity of wisnercity of wisner - wisner city council & mayorcity of wisner - agendascity of wisner - minutescity of wisner - ordinancescity of wisner - resolutionscity of wisner - municipal codescity of wisner - utilitiescity of wisner - utilities - electriccity of wisner - utilities - watercity of wisner - utilities - sewercity of wisner - utilities - gascity of wisner - utilities - trashcity of wisner - streetscity of wisner - auditoriumcity of wisner - parkscity of wisner - parks - campingcity of wisner - parks - wisner trails systemcity of wisner - cemeterycity of wisner - librarycity of wisner - swimming pool rulescity of wisner - swimming pool rules - swimming poolcity of wisner - voting wardscity of wisner - voting wards - votingcity of wisner - legislative bill 304city of wisner - legislative bill 445forms & applicationsforms & applications - atv/utv registration formforms & applications - auditorium contract-auctionsforms & applications - auditorium contract-closedforms & applications - auditorium contract-openforms & applications - auditorium set-up planforms & applications - building permit applicationforms & applications - city job application formforms & applications - city pool job application formforms & applications - dinklage grant applicationforms & applications - moving permit applicationforms & applications - request for public recordsforms & applications - solicitor-vendor applicationforms & applications - utility ach bank collect formforms & applications - utility applicationboards & commissionsboards & commissions - board of adjustmentsboards & commissions - community redevelopment authorityboards & commissions - housing authority boardboards & commissions - library boardboards & commissions - planning commissionboards & commissions - tree boardbuilding & zoningbuilding & zoning - building permit applicationbuilding & zoning - conditional use applicationbuilding & zoning - moving permit applicationbuilding & zoning - variance applicationbuilding & zoning - zoning ordinancewisner volunteer fire & rescue departmentwisner care centerwisner care center - hours & phone numberwisner care center - about the wisner care centerwisner care center - department heads staff directory



city of wisner logo




 

 


 
socialfollow @city of wisnercitywisner


city of wisner1111 avenue epo box 367wisner ne  68791ph: 402-529-6616fax: 402-529-6425office hours: mon-fri 8am-5pm
facebook

socs logo link© 2025 city of wisneraccessibilityprivacy pledgethis institution is an equal opportunity provider.







