








bar harbor, maine bed and breakfast > maples inn -











































































rooms·
contact us·
booking form·





16 roberts avenue, bar harbor, maine 04609
·


207-288-3443
·


info@maplesinn.com
·


book now


open year round
 



home
rooms
about the inn

your hosts:
policies
amenities
breakfast
testimonials


planning your trip

helpful tips for your visit to bar harbor, mount desert island & acadia national park
upcoming events & festivals


directions
contact
availability / book now
gift certificates
  









1 of 5 photos
enjoy our garden

 




2 of 5 photos
fresh maine fare

 




3 of 5 photos
suites and rooms

 




4 of 5 photos
relax on the front porch

 




5 of 5 photos
welcome to the maples inn

 









welcome to the maples inn bed & breakfast!

 

the maples inn bed & breakfast is located in the heart of the historic village of bar harbor. dating from 1903, the inn is a short walk from all the attractions of downtown. come and enjoy warm hospitality, delicious breakfasts, and personal service in our charming and comfortable victorian b&b.
our historic inn is nestled on a quiet, tree-shaded, residential street. it’s a quick stroll to the center of town, world-class restaurants, galleries, shops, tours, and museums. the many splendors of acadia national park, “the jewel of the east,” are just a quick drive from our doorstep. it’s even possible to hike directly into acadia from the inn, where you have access to a large network of scenic hiking trails.
covid-19: 2021 updated policies

inn amenities
the maples inn bed & breakfast features tastefully furnished guest rooms and suites, all with air-conditioning and heat, and some with fireplace and private deck. unwind in the rocking chairs on our pleasant front porch after an active day of exploring the sights of bar harbor, acadia, and mount desert island.
each morning, choose from an array of tempting options on our daily changing breakfast menu. breakfasts are prepared with fresh, local, seasonal ingredients.

complimentary homemade breakfast.
private baths with showers.
24/7, self serve gourmet fair trade coffees, teas, and hot chocolate, and spring water.
 premium bedding and towels.
hair dryer and eco-friendly shampoo, conditioner, soaps, and lotion.
free wireless internet access.
air conditioning.
irons and ironing boards.
ymca membership
the maples inn offers off-street and street parking for guests.
please note that we do not have tvs in our guest rooms or common areas. we do have smart tv’s available and can be delivered to your room upon request.
we offer our guests warm and attentive concierge service. need a recommendation? a restaurant reservation? do you have a special request? we’re here for you!

 

 

 



 








  
the maples inn is a proud acadia centennial partner
  
   find us on facebook










 
 


 






 maples inn
16 roberts avenuebar harbor, maine 04609
(207) 288-3443
info@maplesinn.com

   


 


  find us on facebook
 read our yelp reviews
 read our tripadvisor reviews
privacy policy

   


 we always love to speak with our guests. please feel free to call us at (207) 288-3443 if you have questions or prefer to make your reservation over the phone. looking forward to speaking with you!
- jen grover ,  owner | innkeeper
-josh forcier, owner



 
 

 

copyright © 2025 bar harbor, maine bed and breakfast > maples inn. all rights reserved









