




  










mcdonald observatory | visitor information, teacher workshops, public programs in fort davis, texas

















skip to main content















 

search form

search 






 

 
secondary menu
about
calendar
contact
donate

 
stardate
department of astronomy

 
visitbuy passes for programs
daytime programs
evening programs
special viewing nights
live streamed programs
dark skies festival 2025
spring break 2025

learnastronomy field trips
distance learning
resources & activities
teacher workshops

dark skiesdark skies initiative
lighting recognition program
questions & contact
resources for preserving dark skies

researchhet dark energy experiment
information for visiting astronomers
telescopes

newsimage gallery
jobs & volunteering
news releases
media policies

supportannual fund
friends of the observatory
orion circle & supernova
sponsorship & planned givingendowments
matching gifts

shopbrowse
cart
checkout



 









home page 






















 spend spring break with us!mcdonald observatory is a popular destination for spring breakers across the country. to serve as many visitors as possible, we will offer an altered schedule of modified programming from march 8-22. this includes extra star parties. as a reminder, we are closed to the public on sundays and mondays. we recommend buying your tickets in advance - they often sell out!
 
  



 new energy industry guidelines help protect night skyprotecting the night sky is a collaborative endeavor - one the university of texas at austin’s mcdonald observatory has helped lead in west texas since the launch of its dark skies initiative in 2010. now, oil and gas facilities in nearby new mexico are joining the effort, with help from a new set of lighting guidelines tailored to their industry.
 
  



 newfound galaxy class may indicate early black hole growthin december 2022, the jwst revealed something never seen before: numerous red objects that appear small on the sky, which scientists soon called “little red dots” (lrds). though quite abundant, researchers are perplexed by their nature and what they convey about the early universe. a team of astronomers, including several from ut austin, recently compiled one of the largest samples of lrds to date and found that a large fraction showed signs of containing growing supermassive black holes. 
 
  



 astronomers discover youngest transiting planet everon november 20, astronomers at the university of north carolina at chapel hill and the university of texas at austin announced the discovery of the youngest planet ever found using the transit method. with this method, a planet is detected when it passes between its host star and the observer. the planet, named tidye-1b, is roughly the size of jupiter and is an estimated 3 million years old. to put that age into perspective: if earth were a 50-year-old person, tidye-1b would be a 2-week-old infant.
 
  



 northwestern university joins giant magellan telescope international consortiumthe university of texas at austin joined the giant magellan telescope today in announcing that northwestern university has joined its international consortium to construct the $2.54 billion observatory. 
 
  






 







recent news




jan 14  newfound galaxy class may indicate early black hole growth




jan 8  new energy industry guidelines help protect night sky




dec 13  northwestern university joins gmt international consortium




more news »


 


events





 feb 18 
 visitors center - general admission - 12-4:30pm  

 feb 18 
 solar viewing - 1pm  

 feb 18 
 guided tour - 2pm  

 feb 18 
 star party - 7:30pm  



 feb 18 
 36" special viewing night - 7:30pm  




full calendar »


 


in the sky



 feb 18: ghost of jupiter  
 the dying star ngc 3242 has surrounded itself with a giant bubble of gas and dust. it’s called the ghost of jupiter nebula for its resemblance to the giant planet. it climbs into view, in the southeast, by 9 p.m. under dark skies it’s visible through binoculars.
  


more stargazing »


 






follow us 
© 2025 the university of texas mcdonald observatorydepartment of astronomy | stardate | sign up for skytips | jobs & volunteer opportunities
support provided by  
 







