 






national memorial day parade | american veterans center























































 



























home

about us
about our president
message from the executive chairman
internships
advisory board


avc events

annual conference
american valor
wounded warrior experience
national memorial day parade


avc media

avc videos
avc podcasts & radio
american valor quarterly
home of the brave


avc news
wwii vets committee
donate
sponsors
 














  










about the event
the national memorial day parade presented by boeing returns live to constitution avenue this memorial day, may 26, 2025 at 2:00 pm, with pre-parade musical performances starting at 1:00 pm! see below for the list of participating celebrities and performers.
attend the parade live, in person, or watch on television around the country and around the world, as the story of american sacrifice is shared from washington, dc and beyond. then, stay tuned for our very special independence day television companion: our sacred honor: an american salute. airing on abc, cbs, nbc, fox and cw stations nationwide, the national memorial day parade and our sacred honor commemorate the shared values of service and sacrifice that have brought us together throughout our history.
stay tuned for continued updates on the 2025 national memorial day parade! and follow @americanveteranscenter on facebook, instagram and youtube!
click here to see show listings. 

watch the parade


 
 

watch the parade
media inquiries
support
parade faqs




 
 
 
a special thanks to our sponsors

presented by:


the official airline of the national memorial day parade:



 


































































 



































































































 




official print partner of the national memorial day parade



a tribute to our nation’s fallen heroes



the national memorial day parade was created to call attention to the true meaning of the holiday – honoring our fallen heroes.  each year, throughout its television broadcast, the parade features personal stories of men and women who lost their lives in service to america – a reminder of the price of our freedom.





 



guard the legacy of all american veterans: 





  contact usthe american veterans center
the world war ii veterans committee
1100 n. glebe road
suite 910
arlington, va 22201
703-302-1012
info@americanveteranscenter.orgfollow us on social media 

about the american veterans center

                                	the mission of the american veterans center and the world war ii veterans committee is to preserve and promote the legacy and experiences of america's veterans and active duty service personnel from world war ii through today. a non-profit educational organization, the avc and wwiivc are funded solely through generous contributions from people like you. all contributions are tax-deductible.
                                


the avc is a 501(c)3 charitable organization ein#-51-0232804


donor privacy policy




                                	copyright © 2016 american veterans center
                                	
									all rights reserved 
                                    


 













 
 

