



lehigh valley railroad historical society














































































































 











finger lakes railway engine number 2201, a general electric model u23b diesel locomotive painted in the lehigh valley railroad color scheme of the 1950's, is seen on the fall foliage excursion train at the lehigh valley railroad historical society station museum in shortsville, new york, on october 12, 2019. photograph by joe colasacco.




2025 lvrrhs station museum open house schedule
the lehigh valley railroad historical society station museum at 8 east high street in shortsville, new york, will be open to the public one sunday afternoon a month from may to october this year.  open house dates will be may 18, june 15, july 20, august 17, september 21, and october 19.  hours will be 1:00 p.m. to 3:00 p.m.  a large collection of historical artifacts from the lehigh valley railroad is on display at the museum.  the gift shop will be open.  we will be inviting rail historians to give presentations at some of the open houses.  admission is free; donations are welcome.
										

lvrrhs facebook page
the lehigh valley railroad historical society has a facebook page with many items to view.  the photos section includes albums of historic photographs and postcards of upstate new york mainline and branch line depots, manchester yard, the 1911 manchester ny passenger train wreck, lvrr diesel locomotive rosters, and selections from the shelden king collection.  note that you do not have to sign up for facebook to view the lvrrhs page.
										
memberships open
 the lehigh valley railroad historical society is actively seeking new members for our group. volunteers are needed for museum operations. please print and fill out the membership application from the join section of our website. thank you for your interest in the lvrrhs.
donations  welcome
the  lehigh valley railroad historical society welcomes donations of local railroad  artifacts and model trains to our museum.  please fill out the  donation form below and contact us to make arrangements.  thank you for your donation.



donation form
															this is a fill-in pdf, so you can either fill in the form 
															on screen and print, or print it and fill it in manually.


do you have a relative that worked for the lvrr?
 we are maintaining an alphabetical record of former lvrr employees, containing general information and specific railroad job descriptions. if you have a relative that worked for the lvrr, please fill out the lvrr employee information form below and submit it to us.



railroad employee form
															this is a fill-in pdf, so you can either fill in the form 
															on screen and print, or print it and fill it in manually.





 
												next lvrrhs station museum open house - sunday, may 18, 2025, 1:00 p.m. - 3:00 p.m.
												next lvrrhs meeting - to be announced.












 














about us | lv history | excursions | join | newsletter | links | find
									us | contact us

									copyright ©2004-2025 lehigh valley railroad historical society.
									all rights reserved.
									web design by mike roqué.


















