









marciaconner.com – spur change so good things happen









































 








skip to content






 

reach out >> 












marciaconner.com

spur change so good things happen









 



 







 



menu
home
blog
portfolio

speaking
books
articles
assessments


resources
change makers

culture of health leaders
wellville
sententia vera cultural hub
central texas science team


about

biography
press mentions
work with me


contact
 












read on >>




































































make ripples, make waves, make something extraordinary.our wellbeing as a civilization depends on how creatively we respond to profound challenges. as society outgrows its systems and we search for a path through, it’s easy to feel powerless. amid the nonsense of the status quo, i’ve grown weary of quick fixes. i’ve learned to seek out real complexity–the fundamental science of the birds and the bees, the nature of things. i align meaning with progress, and good faith with honesty, inspired by what i know we can do right now. when we assemble at the edges of culture, technology, and (dare i say) business, we can access the potentional for a remarkable future. people doing extraordinary things, on a human scale, that can change everything for the better. this is my mission. this website is my launch point. i invite you to join me in the pursuing the extraordinary.let's create a better world. >>  
  advice without bullshit 
i advise leaders, confidentially, across the globe. overhear an employee say that work sucks and silently agree? maybe the board meeting next month will be disastrous without extreme changes your team’s unequipped for. big train wrecks or little aggravations, i’ve helped leaders at all levels work through difficult situations with confidence that comes from aligning with someone who has advised hundreds of organizations in more of a mess than you. just call. we will figure it out together.




  candid keynotes 
for public and private events, i focus attention on the unspoken truths maintaining the status-quo, providing a vision for a better future. i ask fundamental questions few people have the courage to ask, let alone unravel with compassion. together we move from the view at 36,000 feet all the way down to step-by-step approaches. i’ve spoken at intimate dinner parties, national summits, conferences, meetings, schools, and once even at the hollywood bowl.




  change making 
few people believe their work created society’s chaos, yet amid such disrepair can all of us be blameless? for years i’ve challenged leaders to reimagine the bottom line to dramatically improve the world. if your next horizon involves making an impact to create a world we can be proud to live in, i have a track record igniting work that matters, will-building, and applying complexity science to organizational growth. if you are looking to rewrite the rules of business-as-usual, i’d welcome pitching in.






random facts this isn't my first rodeo. i've been at this change stuff for a long time. 


  5books 

  86cities 

  184organizations 

  16awards 



 

who me? 



 


about marcia

blank page systems architect















 

what others have said…



want to thrive in today’s world of constant change and complexity? adopt marcia conner’s grounded approach.


john seely brown
						co-chair deloitte’s center for the edge and former director xerox parc					






marcia is an accessible genius. pragmatic to her core, and a true visionary, marcia leads and team plays with equal grace. she knows how to strategically apply effort (her own or her team's) to maximize the end result. i have had the privilege of working with marcia and would work with her or invest my 401k in a conner-led company, without hesitation.

allison scott majure
						director of communications, new mexico environment department					






marcia's grasp of what organizations need is excellent and challenged us to create solutions that are adaptable to everyone we serve, not just those who are the loudest.

kevin bruny
						sphr, chief learning officer, chesterfield county virginia					


 




__pu:333




recent keynote in london
https://youtu.be/vgtg_u7yaf4 

contact information
marcia conner | austin tx usa
phone: (540) 849-9011 (mobile)
email: marcia@marciaconner.com
website: www.marciaconner.com
linkedin: www.linkedin.com/in/marciaconnertwitter: @marciamarcia
instagram: www.instagram.com/marciaconner





 






copyright marcia l. conner 2006-2025, themegrill 
home
blog
about
contact
 






























