































lenox hotel | copley square hotel boston ma | official site




































































		skip to content	



rooms
packages
weddings
meetings
food+drink
neighborhood
blog
gallery




 gallery
book now
 





tap to call
book now










          a smile tells
you, you've
arrived        










arrive



depart



adults

1
2
3
4
5



promo/group code



book now












            we've been expecting you          


as your all-in-one boston concierge in the heart of back bay, we're a soft place to land and a central place to explore. we've been here a while, so we embrace our celebrated past and personalize our intuitive service. welcome to the lenox hotel. we've been expecting you.

              let's get acquainted            















                    fireside experience package                  

                    the perfect way to make the most of the chilly days                  








                    four nations faceoff                  

                    the four nations faceoff is a round-robin tournament hosted by ...                  








                    firsthand                  

                    based in peabody, firsthand started as a home kitchen project & quickly evolved into a full range of bath amenities, featured in-room.                  








                    share coffee roasters                  

                    learn more about one of our oldest local partners, roasting the delicious lobby roast coffee we brew each morning.                  








                    our rebrand                  

                    learn a little about the process behind our refreshed branding.                  









        rooms that give you something to smile about      










          rooms that give you something to smile about        
a seamless combination of historic and modern design sets the stage for 214 guest rooms and suites that are equal parts comfy and chic. unique features sure to tickle your fancy supplement great bedding, creating more smiles than thread counts.

            rest your head            







        find your inner bostonian      














          find your inner bostonian        
as your boston concierge, we are steps away from everything this city has to offer to an adventurous and curious traveler. with boutiques on newbury, baseball at fenway, and history downtown, it feels like boston was built around us.


              explore back bay              
















                    mercantile                  

                    explore all of our amazing goods by our great, local partners!                  








                    share coffee roasters                  

                    learn more about one of our oldest local partners, roasting the delicious lobby roast coffee we brew each morning.                  








                    craic sauce                  

                    started with sparks of curiosity and community, craic sauce has ...                  












we get it - everyone likes to get rewarded when traveling on the road. to get the most from your stay with
            us, check into stash rewards and begin earning 5 points per dollar on eligible room rates that you can use
            for free stays at over 150 unique properties throughout the country.


join now or check points



thanks for being a valuable stash rewards member! your current stash point balance is 6,450. click below to redeem your points for an upcoming stay with us!
          
redeem now


hm…it looks like that email address is not associated with a stash account. but good news! it's free & easy
            to sign up today and start earning valuable points for future stays!
join now
try another email















				61 exeter street at boylston
boston, massachusetts 02116			

				
						phone: 617-536-5300
					
						fax: 617-267-1237
					
						reservations: 800-225-7676




















stay in touch


mercantile
contact
faqs
earn points
gift certificates
directions
careers
cc auth form
privacy policy
 









arrive



depart



adults

1
2
3
4
5



promo/group code




check availability




our promise
we are passionate about your experience on our website and the content we provide
				here. selecting a hotel can
				be daunting, and we strive to make that process a little easier by painting a true picture of what we are about.
				from the pictures of our staff to the blog posts written by them, what you see here is genuinely who we are
if you are shopping around and see a different offer for the lenox on another site, let us know and we will
				make it right. we would be honored to be your home in boston!






















