





home - iwmf





















































































about


board of directors


staff


meet our donors


news


impact


resources


self care & trauma


research


webinars




contact us




focus


safety


opportunity


reporting


recognition


equity




opportunities


reporting fellowships


elizabeth neuffer fellowship


¡exprésate! lgbtqi+ reporting initiative


reporting from ukraine’s unseen frontlines


round earth media




grants & funds


fund for indigenous journalists: reporting on mmiwg2t


kari howard fund for narrative journalism


kim wall memorial fund


reproductive health, rights and justice in the americas




gwen ifill mentorship program


past programs




safety


emergency assistance


emergency fund for women journalists


black journalists therapy relief fund


alex duval smith memorial fund




hostile environment training


online abuse and harassment


coalition against online violence


newsroom safety across america


next gen safety trainers


safeguarding women’s voices


safety in numbers


guides and reports


report: threats to u.s. journalists


newsroom policy guide


mental health guide


online violence courses






reporting


community


awards


anja niedringhaus award


courage in journalism award


gwen ifill award


annenberg justice for women journalists award




search




search













donate





















about us











women on the ground
a new program brings reporting from ukraine’s unseen frontlines

ukraine reporting initiative











journalists under fire
our new report reveals the threats, harassment and attacks u.s.-based journalists face at home.

report: threats to u.s. journalists











women doing it differently
we're proud to be in the inaugural giving list of 48 organizations championing women and girls. 

the giving list









about us


ukraine reporting initiative


report: threats to u.s. journalists


the giving list




 


our focus
built to break barriers and serve the holistic needs of women and nonbinary journalists with equity, opportunity, recognition and safety.





 


safety



 


 


opportunity



 


 


reporting



  
 





 


recognition



 


 


equity



  
 


current open opportunities
the media is not truly free and representative without the equal voice of women and nonbinary people. through our programs and grants we empower women and nonbinary journalists with the training, opportunities, and support to become leaders in the news industry.





 


identity-informed newsroom training



 


 


february 2025 ukraine reporting trip



  
 





 


fund for indigenous journalists: reporting on mmiwg2t



 


 


newsroom safety across america



  
 












reporting
learn more about our grantees and fellows and their contributions to journalism.











programs









our awards






 


our fellows











mahima a. jain


 









anjana sankar


 









chelsea curtis


 









samantha páez guzmán


 



		ever since i left the iwmf's hefat training, i haven't been able to stop thinking about how much i wish i'd learned this information sooner and how critical it is to find a way to make this accessible to all journalists— especially women and nonbinary folks— as soon as possible. it's imperative to our work and safety.
	

celeste noche
hostile environment and first aid training participant

 



		the kim wall grant opened doors in my career that i never thought would open for me. the grant gave me an opportunity to report in-depth on a story that i always wanted. i take pride in the opportunity that the kim wall memorial fund gave me and since i have received funding and skills opportunities that have enhanced my career to another level. thank you, iwmf.
	

bongani siziba
2021 kim wall memorial fund grantee

 


 









be a lifeline for #journosincrisis
now more than ever, journalists around the world face real dangers as a result of their reporting. support us we continue to be there for these journalists when they need it the most.


donate now 



 



sign up for our mailing list




 


mission
we unleash the potential of women journalists as champions of press freedom to transform the global news media.


contact

click here to email us 


address
						2002 massachusetts ave nw, ste. 1 
						washington, dc 20036, usa
					

please mail checks to:
						attn: adena martin
po box 374 
						clinton, md 20735-9997, usa
					




connect













privacy
terms of service


				copyright © 2025 international women's media foundation. all rights reserved. 
nonprofit web design by nmc.
			










