


























penn libraries
















skip to main content
skip to site search
skip to primary navigation
skip to about penn libraries menu
chat
phone 215-898-7555
report accessibility issues and
      get help



















penn libraries logo


























































toggle site navigation








toggle site search













help with

more help with









services


borrowing


research and scholarship


instruction and course support




guides by subject


equipment


software and tools


digital scholarship and data services




digitization (sceti)


access e-resources off campus


alumni access


quick start guide







collections

more collections









about our collections


collections by subject


collection development policies




search our catalog


notable collections


university archives




contact a subject librarian


suggest a purchase


philadelphia area archives


strategies for special and global collections







libraries & spaces

more libraries & spaces









libraries and locations


access and visitor information


find and reserve spaces


albrecht music library


annenberg library


biddle law library


center for global collections


chemistry library




education commons


fisher fine arts library


holman biotech commons


kislak center for special collections, rare books and manuscripts


levy dental medicine library


libra--penn libraries research annex


library at the katz cajs


lippincott library of the wharton school




math/physics/astronomy library


penn museum library


university archives


university records center


van pelt-dietrich library center


veterinary medicine libraries


weigle information commons







news & events

more news & events









news


events




exhibits


social media




penn libraries book prize in sustainability










          about penn libraries
        


about us


staff directory


hours


policies and guidelines for users


accessibility


community engagement


service alerts



support us

toggle site search












search library website


search










close





penn libraries





search









                catalog homepage
              





                      hours
                    



                      my account
                    



                      contact us
                    














  find your (data) valentine


              love data week 2025
            
february 10-14, join us for a series of exciting activities for love data week 2025. through talks and workshops, explore data ethics, play data-themed games, take part in our “meme your data” competition, and more!
see our schedule of events



















using the library
see all library services 



teach


learn


research


publish


create











teach












              design courses with collections and research resources
            

set up a meeting with a subject specialist or curator to talk about creating assignments, finding relevant scholarly resources and services, connecting with experts across campus, and using special collections in the classroom.











              design courses with digital tools and technology
            

interested in using vr and ar technologies in the classroom? need advice on the best way to create educational materials in formats like videos or podcasts? our instructional technology specialist can help.











              place resources on course reserves
            

set aside books, films, or sound recordings for class use through our course reserves service and make articles or book excerpts available electronically on canvas.











              book a classroom or seminar room
            

we make a variety of spaces available to faculty and instructors for semester-long courses and one-time reservations. see room descriptions to find out which space offers the setup and technology for your needs.



















learn









              borrow textbooks
            

many required texts are in the libraries’ collections, and you can borrow books for the entire semester. additional resources are available to students who participate in penn first plus or identify as first-generation students.











              library tours and orientations
            

work with a librarian to arrange a library orientation for a cohort of students, faculty, or staff, either for a general introduction or to focus on specific, disciplinary resources. we offer tours and orientations throughout the year.











              read and write critically: information literacy
            

librarians can help students understand how to sift through and identify credible scholarly works through consultations, workshops, and research guides.











              find a study space
            

our library locations offer large tables in quiet study areas, lounges with soft furniture, reservable rooms and booths for groups, assigned study carrels, and more. explore spaces with a variety of seating and technology to suit your needs.



















research









              tools for research and writing
            

we make a variety of tools available that facilitate the process of writing research papers at any level. platforms like noodletools, powernotes, and latex can help you organize your notes, create outlines, and more.











              manage citations
            

find information, support, and workshops on citation management tools, which help you keep track of articles and books as you find them, tag and annotate them, and easily create citations and bibliographies in microsoft word, google docs, or other writing software.











              bioinformatics support
            

bioinformatics leverages computational tools and methodologies to decipher the complex language of biological data. through the penn libraries, researchers can get individualized support and access biological data repositories, data visualization software, and secondary literature.











              analyze research impact
            

identify how your research shapes policy, patents, and the work of your peers with guidance from a librarian. this influence can be measured via references in citations, social media, legislation, and more.



















publish









              navigate the publishing process
            

get support in understanding open access, copyright, citation best practices, creative commons licenses, choosing a journal or other publication venue, preprints, publisher contracts, author profiles, and plagiarism.











              understand open access
            

investigate options for making your research publicly accessible by working with a discipline-specific subject librarian, attending workshops in the support for publishing workshop series, or reading online materials created by the libraries.











              get help with copyright
            

what is copyright and how do you get it for your own work? what does it mean when something is under copyright, and how does that affect your teaching and scholarship? we can help you understand copyright law and related topics like fair use, the public domain, and open access.











              publish your dissertation
            

find resources to guide you through the process of revising your dissertation for publication, choosing a publisher, copyright, and more.



















create









              record and edit audio and video
            

find the equipment, software, and spaces you need, including dedicated recording studios for music and spoken word.











              borrow musical instruments
            

our collection includes loanable electronic musical instruments accessible to novice and master musicians alike. find synthesizers, mixers, a laptop preloaded with digital audio software, and even a theremin to fuel your creative projects.











              learn letterpress printing, bookbinding, and book arts
            

through the common press studio, students, faculty, and staff can attend workshops and book studio time, and faculty can arrange studio tours, workshops and other immersive experiences for classes.











              scan and print 3d objects
            

3d print or scan objects for an academic project—or just for fun! when you submit your scanning or printing request, staff will review your project to make sure it will scan or print correctly and will work with you to choose file format and material options that best suit your needs.




















    featured collections
  
the penn libraries' global collections encompass hundreds of languages and scripts across a broad range of subject areas, preserving the rich cultural and scholarly record from africa, east asia, latin america, the middle east, eastern europe, and south asia. read about some of our recent acquisitions and resources.













show-hide control















explore a lesser-known – but still very active – germanic language


penn is home to the largest library collection of frisian-language literature outside of europe, including more than 1,300 frisian books









penn libraries partners with digital library of the caribbean


penn’s indo-caribbean postcard collection is now hosted by dloc and by the libraries, making the material more discoverable 









stream latin american, spanish, and portuguese films


pragda stream features films that represent a range of cultures of latin america and the iberian peninsula, with selections in spanish, portuguese, catalan, and indigenous languages.












 


upcoming events


                view all
              







list










workshop





                                        february 18, 2025
                        

latex reference management with bibtex


come learn about using bibtex, the bibliographic side of latex!





            11:00am - 
            12:00pm
          

            rddsx space, van pelt-dietrich library center, floor 1
          


          open to penn students, faculty, and staff
        









lecture





                                        february 18, 2025
                        

curating the ordinary: a collector’s philosophy on finding meaning in ephemera


david toccafondi explores the unique power of ephemera — everyday disposable paper items often overlooked but rich in cultural significance.





            12:00pm - 
            1:00pm
          

            virtual (link will be sent to registrants)
          


          open to the public
        









workshop





                                        february 18, 2025
                        

write a note of kindess


observe random acts of kindess week by penning a note to a pal!





            12:00pm - 
            3:00pm
          

            lobby, fisher fine arts library
          


          open to penn students, faculty, and staff
        















staff information
resources for staff
committees














