





 :: q fever! - medical humor, medical satire, medical news, healthcare humor, doctor humor, nursing humor, medical parody, parodies :: 



















q fever! medical humor & satirewww.qfever.com



october 5, 2005 | volume 5, issue 2







				spike a temp!				




 
 

medical humor & satire
			for healthcare professionals
© q fever! 2000-2025




e pluribus jejunum

 







top stories




cdc issues guidelines for safe preparation of gulf seafood
thousands download recipes from cdc website





pharmaceutical companies to rename popular medications
many current drug names being blocked by spam filters
statistics suppressed on highly prevalent allergy, says researcher
chart review shows millions are allergic to n-keto-deoxyaminolevulinic acid (nkda)
inhaled insulin recommended for fda approval
new method seen as practical alternative for several diabetics

medical student corner

facial droop
sometimes, your clinical skills just need a little seasoning.

internship & residency

managing your finances
by karl newman, m.d.

the thinker

what’s the 411?
sometimes, it's the calls you don't make that end up costing the most.

q! tips!

avoiding colds
the first of our new q!-tips series on staying healthy

opinion

there’s no way my tests are normal
by earlene stolz

world famous top ten!

top ten least popular diet orders
as determined by single-blinded retrospective randomized cohort study

classifieds

the q fever! classifieds
if you can't find it here ... look within yourself™.

journalwatch

the q fever!  journalwatch
we watch 'em, so you don't have to.


 
more stuff!

get the q fever! book!
the q fever! store!: t-shirts, caps, mugs, and thongs!
support the q!

subscribe to the q fever! mailing list!
contact q fever!





 







      web
	 
      qfever.com







 

remember: quality without the q is just uality! 
 
 


menu

current issue
back issues
q fever! book
q fever! store
support the q!
contact us






mailing list
new issues, etc.
 

email:


confirm email:







 





the q fever! merchandise emporium!
more great gifts!



the q fever! book!
makes a great gift!
only $13.99


more medical humor books!




 
 
 


q!'s flashes

ponytail erroneously identifies attending as “cool”general hospice rated tv’s most depressing showsickle-selling armenians living longer, healthiernew “train wreck” coding guidelines releasedchronic vegetarian state: reversible?1910 honus wagner guaiac card now worth over $1 milliongoomba analysis: that was supposed to go on the guaiac card

 
 




editor-in-chief: c. burnetti, md | editor-at-large: m. furfur, md, phd
all rights reserved. © q fever!, llc 2000-2025


disclaimer: this is a medical humor and parody website meant solely for entertainment purposes, and is not intended to recommend or advise regarding the prevention, diagnosis, or treatment of any medical illness or condition. stories and articles are meant only to provide a brief, fleeting distraction from the wretchedness of reality, and are not intended to be insensitive, callous, or offensive, or to otherwise belittle the plight of those affected with any medical disease, condition, or illness. all names and descriptions of people are fictitious except for those of well-known public figures, who are the subject of satire. any resemblance to actual persons or events is purely coincidental. medical humor is just that: medical humor.




