







wcaa









































































































              about
            

              partners
            

members


        career center
      

            news
          

            events
          

            wcaa calendar
          

            contact
          



            join our newsletter
          

        find a pro
      

        login
      





back


              become a member
            

            find a chapter
          

              young professionals & students
            

            scholarships
          

            wcaa shop
          

            member chats
          






































































aboutpartners
members

become a member
find a chapter
young professionals & students
scholarships
wcaa shop
member chats

career centernewseventswcaa calendarcontact











join our newsletterfind a prologin









scroll






  

business growth for design & window treatment professionalswhere you’re never in business alone.

  


    grow your business
  

  







  

let's grow your businessare you a designer, decorator, student, workroom, installer, or window treatment vendor? the wcaa was meant for you. if you're looking for community rather than competition, business guidance, real growth strategies (instead of just "good ideas"), and introductions to all the right people...



0


0


0



join hundreds of professionals who call us their ally.at the window coverings association of america, our mission is to provide education, networking, a code of ethics, and increased exposure for this unique industry. 

 

































our community
we have chapters across the united states, making it easy for you to grow your business exactly where you are, join a supportive community, and learn from other experienced business owners.our belief in community over competition allows wcaa chapters and members to flourish.find a chapter >>
















simplified education
we believe growing and operating your business is full of enough challenges and that education shouldn’t be one of them. we’ll teach you how to set prices, market your business, and develop a professional client process.view our webinars >>
















truly helpful resources
our industry partners include popular window treatment vendors as well as highly vetted and reviewed non-industry companies. whether you need tools and fabric, business coaching, or marketing consultation, wcaa industry partners offer these services and more.view partner list >>










 

the wcaa represents what is possible with hard work, dedication, and on-the-job education. it doesn’t matter where you come from - everyone is welcome to make a profitable career in the home industry!

 

brazilian truck driver turned award-winning entrepreneurjoin the trades and transform your life.current wcaa president roger magalhaes was born in sao paulo, brazil, before moving to the united states as a young adult to pursue the american dream. he worked in a car wash and drove trucks for six years before opening his business, shades in place inc. currently, shades in place has 600+ five star reviews.in 2020, roger was named one of seven top window fashion influencers by window fashion vision magazine and is a regular contributor to that publication. he is also a presenter at the international window coverings expo and the installation instructor for the window fashion certified professional fasttrack program.





























































upcoming events

 




featured
















apr
13










apr 13, 2025





wcaa palm beach party



apr 13, 2025







apr 13, 2025











latest news

 




featured

























wcaa january 2025 industry partner news
































wcaa december industry partner news
































wcaa november industry partner news
































honoring excellence: heather hill, 2024 jill robson memorial scholarship winner for interior designers






















 

ready to grow your business?




    browse membership benefits
  











welcome



about



features



video



ingredients



the founders



mission








 






919-263-9850
info@wcaa.org


hours
mon 8:30am - 5pm 
tue 8:30am - 5pm 
wed 8:30am - 5pm 
thu 8:30am - 5pm 
fri 8:30am - 5pm 
sat closed
sun closed














 

resourcesaboutcontacteventsmembersindustry partnersyoung professionals



legalterms of useprivacy policyall rights reservedcopyright 2023site design by socialite



socialfacebook group






























