
























 
 news, sports, jobs - daily herald













 
















×












daily herald
×

news

local news
community
opinion

editorial
herald editorials
local guest opinions
mailbag


nation


sports

high school sports
national sports


business

local business
sunday drive
technology


entertainment

dining


lifestyles

activities
home and garden
recreation


obituaries
sanpete county
today’s paper
manage your subscription
contact us

contact
submit news
privacy policy
terms of service
statement of values
facebook
twitter
pinterest
instagram


jobs
public notices

browse notices
place notice


 




















 



subscribe




news
sports
entertainment
lifestyles
obituaries
place notice
today’s paper
submit news











local news
utah one step closer to becoming next state to leave voter roll group eric





utah is one step closer to becoming the next red state to break ties with a nonprofit that’s meant to keep states’ voter rolls up to date.

the republican-controlled utah house voted on friday 59-13 to pass hb332. it now goes to the senate for further consideration. if it’s passed by the full utah legislature and signed by gov. spencer cox, utah would become the next state to separate from the national electronic registration information center, known as eric, a nonprofit meant to help states maintain their voter rolls by sharing information across state lines.

with hb332, ...








utah county survey shows what residents want tourism tax revenue spent on





provo school district considering $70m in bonds to finish timpview high school rebuild





provo fire officials to release findings in fireworks error at last july's stadium of fire







newslettertoday's breaking news and more in your inboxemail(required)

i'm interested in (please check all that apply)(required)

daily newsletter


breaking news


obituaries
are you a paying subscriber to the newspaper?(required)


yes



no

 










 





 


top headlines











texas measles cases are up, and new mexico now has an outbreak. here’s what you need to know







russia and the us agree to work toward improving ties and ending the ukraine war in landmark talks







a durable dahlia. a vigorous vinca. here are 20 new garden plants to watch for this year







trump begins firings of faa air traffic control staff just weeks after fatal dc plane crash







college student jaren barajas beats damian lillard in 3-point shooting contest, wins $100k







european leaders gather for an emergency meeting over fear trump has isolated age-old allies







hostages freed from gaza discover personal lives shattered by hamas







trump calls for withholding federal money from schools and colleges that require covid vaccines







robert f. kennedy jr. is confirmed as trump’s health chief after a close senate vote







why people are naming bugs, rats and cats after their exes this valentine’s day










sports




uvu roundup: wolverine baseball closes series at uc riverside with extra-inning win


byu roundup: cougar women’s relay team breaks national record


byu women’s hoops pulls off upset of no. 20 oklahoma state


uvu men’s basketball holds on for 70-68 road win at suu

more sports


business




sunday drive: the 2025 kia k4 gt-line shines on weekend getaway to st. george


layin’ it on the line: emergency savings accounts linked to retirement plans – a 2025 safety net


ground broken on vineyard grocery store scheduled to open by end of 2025


sunday drive: 2025 nissan sentra 2.0 sv – a compact sedan with big capabilities

more business


obituaries

lorraine adamson ripple
lorraine adamson ripple, 101, of provo, passed away february 13, 2025. arrangements under the direction of berg mortuary of provo 801-373-1841. condolences and obituary at www.bergmortuary.com.


kyle v johnson


janet louise groesbeck packard


barbara sloan allen


more obituaries









sanpete county






casino star theatre brings johnny cash’s legacy to life


music makes memories


snow day on the hill 2025 celebrates snow college’s impact on utah education


witness the magic of migration at the 2025 delta snow goose festival

more sanpete county


lifestyles




sunday drive: the 2025 kia k4 gt-line shines on weekend getaway to st. george


layin’ it on the line: emergency savings accounts linked to retirement plans – a 2025 safety net


rmu: volunteers helping kids with life-threatening conditions feel like royalty


provo business spotlight: kiba outdoors improving communication in the wilderness

more lifestyles


opinion






shapiro: politics is upstream of culture, too


guest opinion: balancing security and access – the real path to election integrity


guest opinion: the high costs of single-payer health care


stiehm: the price of everything, the value of nothing

more opinion


entertainment




brokaw: ‘thomas jefferson’ docuseries to air on history channel


local looks: women in spotlight this month at ‘les femmes de velour’


brokaw: ‘watson’ without sherlock holmes is just as brilliant


future of pleasant grove’s evermore park in limbo again; lawsuit claims sale never went through

more entertainment









contact us
privacy policy
terms of service
facebook
twitter
jobs
 copyright © daily herald | www.heraldextra.com | 1200 towne centre blvd. ste 1058, provo, ut 84601 











































