









homepage - indiana aeyc




































 





skip to content








resourcessupportcontactdonate now 



 






















about inaeycinaeyc staffgoverning boardcommitteeshistorylocal chaptersemployment opportunitiespress releasesada section 504 policymembershipfaqmembership categoriesjoin / renewscholarship submissionworkforcetrainer & training approval systemworkforce career coachingindiana accreditation projectaccreditation decision & processaccreditation scholarship processpaths to qualityfor employersfor familiesprogramst.e.a.c.h.indiana non formal cda projectcda navigatoron my way prekfor educatorsfor employersadvocacypublic policymonth of the young childpower to the professionindiana early childhood education factsadvocacy partnersconferenceconference informationregistrationexhibitorssponsorshipadvertisementscall for proposalevents 


search for:















search for:











 






loading...







inaeyc receives a $50,000 grant from lilly endowment, inc. 



for immediate release:  inaeyc receives a $50,000 grant from lilly endowment, inc.  read the press release below to learn more. 


read the press release











2023-2024 inaeyc annual report 



indiana aeyc has released the 2023-2024 annual report. the report showcases inaeyc's impact on the indiana early childhood workforce and indiana's youngest learners. 


read the report











membership 



get access to the latest research, informative resources, networking, and educational opportunities and lay the foundation for your students’ school readiness, academic success, and adult achievement. 


learn more











programs 



indiana aeyc provides an array of support for early care and education programs and professionals throughout indiana. 


learn more











our mission 



indiana aeyc promotes high-quality learning for each and every child, birth through age eight, by connecting practice, policy, and research. we advance a dynamic early childhood profession and support all who care for, educate, and work on behalf of young children. 


learn more














homepagetfmadmin2025-01-30t13:55:41-05:00 
indiana is increasing access to early learning opportunities by expanding income eligibility requirements for families to receive child care assistance and introducing new reimbursement rates for providers caring for children whose families qualify for ccdf and on my way pre-k. learn more and apply for assistance at early ed connect:
https://earlyedconnect.fssa.in.gov/onlineapp/home×for educatorsdiscover professional
development opportunities.
learn morefor employersup-to-date resources
and how to stay connected.
learn morefor familiesexplore resources and find high quality early care and education.
learn moreadvocacyindiana aeyc, along with other partners, works to influence various policies impacting all young children and families in indiana.  we strive to support our members to be effective advocates and educators, through collaboration with other groups, both locally and federally, to promote policies aiming to improve the quality of early care and education.
learn morestay connectedjoin our newsletter




enter your email address

namethis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
  



















 
 





  
2955 n. meridian st. suite 120
indianapolis, indiana 46208
p: (855) 484–2392 | (317) 356–6884

 

sitemap 
about inaeyc
membership
accreditation
programs
advocacy
conferences
events


 

partner links 
t.e.a.c.h. early childhood® national center
indiana childcare search
early learning indiana
indiana early learning advisory committee
office of early childhood and out-of-school
learning paths to qualitytm


 

 
donate now
visit naeyc 
contact us


 

 
 
 





		copyright © 2025 indiana association for the education of young children  



 
 
 
 
 
 
page load link

 












































































































go to top






