


moving storage containers | portable storage | go mini's



































 
				close
			



 
				skip to content
			




				high contrast
			



 
				increase text size
			



 
				clear all
			










































							moving
						





moving overview

local moving

military moving

packing & loading assistance

reviews / testimonials




							storage
						





storage overview

secure storage

storage for home remodeling

storage costs

packing & loading assistance

reviews / testimonials




							containers
						





container sizes

moving & storage calculator




							for business
						





go mini's for business

case studies

commercial storage

commercial moving

restoration and remediation storage

construction storage

education and school storage

government storage

healthcare storage

hotel and hospitality storage

restaurant and bar storage

retail storage

business renovation and remodel




							locations
						





our locations




							how it works
						





go mini's vs self-storage

go mini's vs rental truck

go mini's vs traditional moving companies

go mini's advantage

faqs

customer reviews

blogs

about us




							long distance quote
						




get an instant quote
(866) 446-6187





(866) 446-6187





get an instant quote




















				one container, complete convenience
			



enter a zip code

					please enter a zip code
				

					please enter a valid zip code
				


            	go
            






















get an instant quote





i need a container for: 





storage






moving






renovation




						        please make a selection.
						    



i need a container delivered to:* 



										please make a selection.
									



i need my container delivered on:*



mm/dd/yyyy

										please enter your date of service.
									

										selected date must be in the future. please select a different date.
									



i need a container delivered from: 






i plan to store my container at:*







my location






go mini's location




										please make a selection.
									


for


select duration*
1 mo.
2 mo.
3 mo.
4 mo.
5 mo.
6 mo.
7 mo.
8 mo.
9 mo.
10 mo.
11 mo.
12 mo.



											please make a selection.
										






first name*



										please enter your first name.
									



last name*



										please enter your last name.
									




email*



									this isn't a valid email address.
								

									please enter your email address.
								








i agree to receive promotional emails from go mini's
we respect your privacy, and promise to take it easy on your inbox too!






phone*



									this isn't a valid phone number.
								

									please enter your phone number.
								

									you entered an invalid number.
								



*indicates required fields







i consent to sms communications from go minis



messaging frequency may vary.


message and data rates may apply.


you can opt out any time by texting stop.


for assistance, text help or visit our website at https://www.gominis.com/.


visit https://www.gominis.com/privacy-policy/ for privacy policy and https://www.gominis.com/privacy-policy/ for terms of service.












get an instant quote














						how it works
					






moving
keep your valuables safe during a move with our superior designed storage units.

learn more











storage
need extra storage space? our patented containers are the perfect solution.

compare containers











for business
our containers provide solutions for your commercial moving and storage needs.

see business solutions











package supplies
need boxes or other supplies? we’ve partnered up with uboxes to provide you quality package supplies!

see package supplies

















our reviews























“exceptional customer service! fixed miscommunication (my fault) with no extra charge, wonderful courtesy. unit is outstanding: very clean surfaces, floor is rubberized, extremely sturdy. precisely positioned. price also outstanding!”
- paula hartzell






















“this was the best moving experience in my life! took 3 - 20ft container's! was safe, reliable and cost effective. blessings to our local owners**julie and desmond! thank you. nadine”
- nadine martin






















“gominis of grants pass is just great, the best prices, timely friendly and most important they were very very flexible in adapting to our everchanging moving schedule. would use them again and recommend them highly”
- arn w





01


02


03



read more reviews
















					four reasons to love us!
				

get an instant quote







convenient delivery options

go mini’s offers unmatched convenience with delivery to your chosen location, flexible loading to match your schedule, and the option to keep the containers as long as you need.






weather resistant containers

our containers are ventilated, reducing moisture and humidity that contributes to mold and mildew. our containers are eight inches off the ground to help avoid possible water damage.






up to 20 foot containers

our containers offer more space than the competition. our storage calculator can help you determine how much space you need.






competitive   pricing

we are proud to provide our customers with transparent pricing. there are no hidden fees, mileage charges, tolls, fuel costs, or insurance prices tacked on.




get an instant quote









reliable portable storage containers 
make your move stress-free with portable moving containersmoving can be stressful, but with go mini's container rentals, you can make the process smoother and more efficient. with go mini's portable moving containers, you can transport your belongings, whether you're moving across town or across the country.how it workschoose your container: we offer a variety of container sizes to accommodate your specific needs.delivery: we deliver your container directly to your doorstep.load: take your time to pack your belongings into the container.transport: we transport your container to your new location.unload: unload your belongings at your convenience.benefits of container rental with go mini'sconvenience: our door-to-door service saves you time and hassle.flexibility: you can rent a container for as long as you need.security: our portable moving containers are equipped with advanced security features.affordability: our competitive pricing makes container rental accessible to everyone.ready to get started?contact go mini's today to schedule your container rental. our friendly and knowledgeable team will help you choose the right container for your move and provide you with a hassle-free experience.no matter how much space you need, we have various sizes of portable storage containers for you to choose from. our properly sealed containers and padded wheels allow you to place your unit anywhere without harming your property or driveway.  our storage & moving containers offer the convenience you need at a price you’ll love. contact us to learn more at (866) 446-6187 to request an instant quote.


















						go mini’s storage container sizes
					









12 foot container
storage for 2-3 roomsdorm room and studio relocationssmall home or business projects such as minor renovationslow-volume inventory stocking








16 foot container
storage for 3–4 roomscondo and apartment movesmid-sized home projects, like a single-room renovation








20 foot container
a full-home movestorage for 4-6 roomslarge construction projects and full-home remodelshigh-volume business and equipment storage











						moving tips
						
& storage tricks











moving to a new place is a great chance to declutter and give back to your ...
read more










moving in 2025 is all about chasing opportunity, affordability, and the ...
read more










thinking about making the move to portland, oregon? known for its unique ...
read more
















our achievements and partnerships


















/





















(866) 446-6187



9160 forum corp parkway
suite 350
fort myers, fl 33905


9160 forum corp parkway
suite 350
fort myers, fl 33905







contact us

locations

faqs

go mini's advantage

about us

franchise opportunities

careers

customer reviews






get an instant quote




































© go mini's franchising, llc. all rights reserved



site map


site map

privacy policy
site search





















