


  

hoa law firm & condo lawyers - real estate attorneys | ksn | ksn law
























skip to main content





















about



attorneys


legal services



education



events


blog


contact












toggle navigation  menu








about



history


executive committee


community involvement


recognition


areas we serve




attorneys


legal services



community association law



community assn inquiry form




retainer program


corporate transparency act (cta)


illinois property tax appeals



community association property tax appeals


residential property tax appeals


commercial & office building property tax appeals


multi family & apartment building property tax appeals


retail and small business property tax appeals


industrial property tax appeals


cook county tax incentives


pre-acquisition property tax analysis


law offices of gary h. smith


sandrick law


tax appeal form




landlord & tenant


collection


litigation


self-managed associations


cooperatives


insurance defense


condo de-conversion & sale of all units


closing & refinancing services


real estate transactions


circle closings




education



brainy board


ksn app


ksn podcast


booklets


illinois landlord faqs


laws and ordinances




events


blog


contact




 close 




















introducing brainy board!brainy board is an on-demand video streaming service and educational resource for new and experienced board members.learn more about brainy board ›







kravit law joins ksn, expanding legal services throughout floridawe're pleased to announce kravit law has merged with ksn, marking a significant milestone in our law firm’s growth and continued commitment to providing unparalleled legal representation to current and prospective clients.read more ›







neighbors & legal professionalsksn has been a trusted advisor to community associations, board members, property managers, landlords, and real estate property owners. we look forward to demonstrating to you how we have earned the trust of thousands of clients since 1983.learn more ›







over 40 years of experiencesince 1983, ksn's legal professionals have been committed to providing effective and efficient legal services to address our client's needs.learn more ›







property taxes unappealing? we can help.since 2015, ksn has worked diligently to save our clients over $150 million in reduced property tax assessments.learn more ›







a simple philosophy that worksksn believes every client deserves responsive, personalized service and do our best to deliver it every day. we attribute our success to a simple philosophy that is instilled in all ksn team members, from junior associates to senior shareholders.learn more ›










since 1983, ksn has provided legal assistance to real estate property owners, property managers, community association board members, and landlords.
our legal services include community association law, landlord/tenant law, property tax appeals, debt collection, and litigation.

we represent thousands of clients and community associations throughout the us with offices in several states including florida, illinois, indiana, and wisconsin.



recent posts ›









understanding community association committees
condominium, homeowner (hoa), and townhome community associations rely on a volunteer board of directors...
 
continue reading ›
 







ksn podcast - ice raids, immigration enforcement, & rental properties: what illinois landlords need to know
“ice raids, immigration enforcement, & rental properties: what illinois landlords need to know”...
 
continue reading ›
 







the fair housing act (fha): impact to community associations
the fair housing act (fha), enacted as part of the civil rights act of 1968, prohibits discrimination...
 
continue reading ›
 

 
 















client testimonials
"ksn has been great to work with over this past year. our thoa works directly with ksn and we've had only a positive experience so far...i highly recommend working with ksn."

"the staff has to be some of the most knowledge people we have ever worked with. professional, educated on a variety of subjects and wonderful every step of the way."

"their attorneys were very timely in assisting our association with some major issues. highly recommended."

"i have worked with several attorneys and departments over the years within ksn. i have always received prompt, professional responses."

"this law firm does a great job assisting our hoas and their various needs. i only have good things to say about this firm!"













about


attorneys


legal services


education


events


blog


contact


newsletter signup


update


email invoicing


login


florida hoa collect


indiana hoa collect












sign up for our newsletter
join over 50,000 peers and receive free industry news, legal updates, and details on our upcoming events. 











sign up






follow us



facebook


instagram


linkedin


threads


twitter


youtube













© 2025 kovitz shifrin nesbit



terms & conditions

|

privacy policy

|

sitemap





1.855.537.0500
1.855.537.0500
















