


confetti magic: confetti cannon & event special effects hire 


















































call 01727 220386 for confetti at your event



confetti news
contact us


















confetti cannon hire
handheld confetti cannons




loose confetti
flames
pyrotechnics
special fx
























bringing live events alive!




hire confetti cannons


buy confetti cannons


event special effects








confetti magic supply the very best in hand held confetti cannons, loose confetti, confetti cannon hire and special effects to wow, thrill, dazzle and excite at your event.
whenever you have a reason to celebrate, a product to launch, a building to open or just want to make your party go with a bang!, there’s one thing guaranteed to make an impact – confetti!










our confetti cannons
at confetti magic we have the widest range of confetti cannons to create every conceivable confetti effect imaginable – confetti shots or confetti blowers – confetti cascades from the ceiling or confetti blasters from the floor – small confetti shooters to fill a studio or huge confetti cannons to impress at a festival.
								if you would prefer us to look after the set-up and firing of the confetti effects, we have teams of confetti experts ready to create that magical moment for you.


handheld confetti cannons
to complement our confetti cannon hire, we have a fantastic range of handheld confetti cannons and loose confetti in a dazzling range of colours and shapes, in both tissue and metallic.
special effects
if you still have an appetite for yet more excitement, why not add on streamer cannons, gas flambeaux, co2 jets, pyrotechnics and snow machines. our special effects are sure to guarantee that your event is the one they remember for years to come. 






view our confetti cannons


view event ideas







confetti shop

handheld confetti cannons
loose confetti & streamers
wedding confetti cannons
electric confetti cannons


buy confetti online


free download confetti colour chart








your event






sport – inspire
shower the winning team in confetti








weddings – celebrate
dancing on cloud nine on your perfect day 








launch – promote
experience the confetti magic effect








to wow, thrill, dazzle and excite at your next event, just add a touch of confetti magic...
bringing live events alive!
no matter what your needs we are sure that here at confetti magic we already have it covered.call now on 01727 220386 or complete the form below to find out more.











your event
wedding
corporate
festival
sport
launch
party
other








submit





confetti news







coloured smoke mines
coloured smoke mines are a great way to create an immediate, high-impact spectacle for outdoor events and promotions.






event gas torch hire at leeds castle
create the right first impression with an avenue of gas torches lining the path to the entrance of your event






late night lycett confetti cannon
joe lycett's new live c4 show hires a turbo confetti blaster for competition winners






the dropkick murphys at ovo wembley arena
confetti magic add high-impact confetti and streamer cannons to the london leg of the dropkick murphys european tour.






polinations hire bubble machines to fill victoria square
victoria square hosted a programme of art & music set in a natural wonderland of trees and flowers against a backdrop of bubbles from confetti magic






the lion, the witch and the wardrobe london premiere
at the london premiere of the lion, the witch and the wardrobe, confetti magic helped continue the magic long after the final curtain call











confetti cannon hire
handheld confetti cannons
loose confetti
flames
pyrotechnics
special fx


home
confetti news
contact
privacy policy
terms & conditions
hire terms & conditions











copyright © confetti magic ltd 2025 confetti cannon specialists.
website designed by tonic fusion





