







the dogs of menteith - family history of doig, doige, doigg, doeg, and doegg








the dogs of menteith
the homepage of the descendants of the dog family
of kilmadock parish, perthshire, scotland
including doig, doige, doigg, doeg, and doegg
.official doig crest, tartan and motto
.
yield not to adversity

gaelic: na gèill
do chruaidh-chas.



home


doig family 
			society

e-mail









      

  






search this site     
powered by freefind










      doig dna projectclick here for details.
    translate
(traduzca en español)
pulse adentro http://www.doig.net, fije el lenguaje,
y entre.
        last big dog reunion was in 2014  for the genealogy presentation click here  (requires opening with windows media player or save to your computer - slow download. run time approx. 30 minutes.)     featured musician - willie doigthe tartan army clan doig day - 24th januaryst. cadoc's day is every 24th january, the saint from whom our surname is derived.the national poet robbie burn's day follows on the 25th january.our dr. david doig met with robbie burns, who described him as "a queerish figure, and somewhat of a pedant."david was schoolmaster in stirling, just below the castle. you will find him in the 6th generation here.celebrate both days!

   

"the mark of a scot of all classes [is that] he ...
remembers and cherishes the memories of his forebears, good or bad;
and here burns alive in him a sense of identity with the dead even
to the twentieth generation."
-- robert louis stevenson -- 
an old gaelic proverb says, 'remember the men from whence you came.'
(cuimhnich air na daoine o'n d'thainig thu.)
   




doig family society
- becoming a clan

genealogy - doig family
histories
family history - origins,
crests, coats of arms, drummond clan
 military and naval records
- remember and honor our cousins who served
vital records - doig births,
marriage, and death records from around the world
doig links:
        home
pages - up close and personal.
        commercial
links - support doigs in business.
        professional
links - is the doctor in?
scottish links - learn
more about doig land.


webmaster homepages:

        kenneth
frank doig's homepage - more family history, biblical archaeology,
ethiopian
        stamp catalogue,
short stories, and photos.         john doig's homepage - more family history, football (no, its soccer), doig family society, doig's digest.

join the quest (e-mail) to:
hunt master: ken doig, bass lake,
californiahunt master: dr.
suzanne doig, christchurch, new zealand
site created: august 1, 1999
last update: january 18, 2023    


