











  




siloam springs, ar - official website | official website









  















skip to main content


















create a website account - manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more.   

website sign in











 














city of siloam springs
 




p.o. box 80
 




siloam springs, ar 72761
 




phone: 479-524-5136
 






  
 
 



 










 





 
 
 


    government      divisions      services      community      doing business      visiting      how do i...  


 

 

 

 

 

 

 






 















 






  
 












search







 
 
 










      





 
 
 












 














get updatessent to you








online paymentspay now








view agendasand minutes








code red emergency alertslearn more








watch meetingsview more










 
 
 



















  
 



  
 
 








 
 
 









 









news & announcements










winter safety and preparedness tips 


winter is here, and here are a few tips to help you stay safe and prepared this season!						read on...







holiday closure 


we celebrate all of the great leaders who have served in the office of the president of the united s...						read on...







city of siloam springs seeks public input on proposed udc 


the city of siloam springs invites residents, developers, builders, and other community stakeholders...						read on...







bird streets project notice 


work will soon begin on rebuilding the streets in the sager creek addition, including mockingbird, m...						read on...







new payment system coming soon 


we're upgrading our software system around march 15, which means changes are coming to how you view ...						read on...







siloam springs honored at the arkansas state capitol 


siloam springs was recognized at the arkansas state capitol in little rock on monday as the house of...						read on...







siloam springs named 2024 floodplain community of the year 


the city of siloam springs has been named the 2024 floodplain community of the year by the arkansas ...						read on...







siloam springs named a 2024 volunteer community of the year 


the city of siloam springs is proud to announce its recognition as one of the 2024 volunteer communi...						read on...







city of siloam springs launches new mobile app 


the city of siloam springs is excited to launch its new mobile app, available now on the apple app s...						read on...







water tank inspections 


starting thursday, january 23, the armory tank will be out of service for about a week.						read on...







sign up for city newsletter 


sign up for our monthly newsletter and stay informed with the latest city news, upcoming events, imp...						read on...







keep up with arkansas road conditions 


keep up with arkansas road conditions by downloading the idrivearkansas app or visiting www.idrivear...						read on...







free fitness classes 


siloam springs parks and recreation invites you to embark on a journey to better health and wellness...						read on...







siloam springs honored as a 2024 trendsetter city 


siloam springs was recognized in two trendsetter city categories: with an honorable mention in the i...						read on...







ssfd perform high angle rescue 


this afternoon, the siloam springs fire department with members of the special operations team perfo...						read on...







siloam springs parks and recreation relocation 


starting monday, december 2, the parks and recreation offices will be relocating to the community de...						read on...







aerial inspections over siloam springs 


grand river dam authority representatives and our electric department crews conducted aerial inspect...						read on...







free home energy audits available 


simply request an electric audit, and our team will conduct a thorough inspection of your home to he...						read on...







siloam springs awarded $80,000 community placemaking grant to transform twin springs park 


the city of siloam springs is proud to announce that it has been awarded an $80,000 community placem...						read on...







kevin moore named public works director 


the public works department is entering a new chapter with kevin moore appointed as its director in ...						read on...







notice of unknown service line material 


the city of siloam springs is focused on protecting the health of every household in our community.						read on...







city projects tracker now live 


the community development department team is excited to announce that residents and visitors can now...						read on...







introducing aquahawk alerting system 


the aquahawk alerting system enables customers to receive alert notifications and easily manage thei...						read on...







siloam springs recycling guide 


in siloam springs, residents have an opportunity to drive meaningful change through effective recycl...						read on...







siloam springs awarded $11.6 million raise grant 


the city of siloam springs is pleased to announce it has been awarded $11,556,363 in raise (rebuildi...						read on...







dustin kindell named fire chief 


the city of siloam springs is proud to announce that dustin kindell has been appointed as the new fi...						read on...







fire department announces key leadership appointments 


the siloam springs fire department is pleased to announce the promotion of battalion chief jordan ja...						read on...







jene' fain appointed as new siloam springs city clerk 


the city of siloam springs is pleased to announce the appointment of jene' fain as the new city cler...						read on...







scam alert 


the siloam springs police department have received reports of an individual impersonating an sspd me...						read on...







siloam springs boosts electrical system 


the city of siloam springs recently experienced a significant boost to its electrical infrastructure...						read on...







major projects tracker now live 


the community development department team is excited to announce that residents and visitors can now...						read on...







outdoor emergency system 


on tuesday, november 7 at 8 am, the outdoor emergency system underwent scheduled maintenance. during...						read on...







meet kris paxton 


siloam springs welcomes new director of community development.						read on...







meet jason davis 


siloam springs welcomes new director of public services.						read on...







terminal modernization project 


with a shovel in hand, mayor judy nation joined northwest arkansas officials as they broke ground on...						read on...







residential garage vehicle charging receptacle incentive 


there is a $200 incentive to builders who provide an approved 240-volt receptacle for the purpose of...						read on...







view more news




/civicalerts.aspx


  
 
 




 



  
 
 










february 2025




s


m


t


w


t


f


s




26
27
28
29
30
31
 1

 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 8

 9
10
11
12
13
14
15

16
17
18
19
20
21
22

23
24
25
26
27
28
 1












mon, feb. 17  

parks and recreation yoga

parks and recreation yogaread on


mon, feb. 17  

library closed - presidents' day

library closed - presidents' dayread on


mon, feb. 17  

city closed

city closedread on





view more events




/calendar.aspx



 
 















 
 
 











 














popular linksfind what you’re looking for
 






  
 



  
 














parks & recreation



utilities



library



recycling



city maps



municipal code







bid postings



report a problem



jobs



frequently asked questions



burn permit & rural fire membership 



arkansas parks and tourism









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 
 



 














city of siloam springs
 




p.o. box 80
 




siloam springs, ar 72761
 




phone: 479-524-5136
 






  
 
 














home







site map







accessibility







translate









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 
 











government websites by civicplus®




 
 
 












loading









				loading
			


do not show again
close

























arrow left



arrow right





[]



slideshow left arrow





slideshow right arrow









