home › pima federal credit union



 skip navigation documents in portable document format (pdf) require adobe acrobat reader 5.0 or higher to view, download adobe® acrobat reader.pima federal credit union homepage we will be closed on monday, february 17th in observance of presidents day. for added convenience, please utilize our online and mobile banking options. close alertpima federal credit union menuclose menu

deposit


checking

savings

youth savings program

money market/certificates

iras

rates



borrow


home loans

home equity 

credit cards

vehicle loans

personal loans

rates



business


business accounts

business loans

business services

business resources

non-profit services

commercial real estate



access


mobile & online services

protection products & claims

loan skip-a-pay

media/news

financial calculators

financial wellness hub

security updates



connect


become a member

about us

financial

member perks

community

join the team

locations/atms

contact us



search (mobile) gotoggle searchsign inopen accountgosearch (desktop header) close search 
 




drive now, pay later

enjoy the freedom of no payments until spring with our low rate, flexible financing on new, used, or refinanced vehicles! 

learn more and apply today! 



  
 




tucson welcome home program

we're proud to offer a new $0 down payment program designed to help first-time homebuyers achieve their dream of homeownership. 

learn more about this limited-time program.




  
 




save more on your terms

open a term share certificate (cd) and enjoy 3.75%apy on a 6-month term! additional rates and terms are available. 

check out our market-leading rates




  
 





upgrade your banking

experience a free, dividend-earning checking account that offers loan discounts, increased savings rates, early direct deposit*, and more! 

make the switch today!






    apply for a loan    open account    schedule appointment    apply for a home loan    make a payment     

  committed to providing value to our membership every day.  become a member  go mobile
enjoy unrestricted access to your account with our mobile app so you can conveniently manage your finances on your schedule, wherever you are. 

24/7 account access | deposit checks | send money with zelle® | pay bills
monitor your credit score | access account statements | & more!

download our mobile banking app today! 

     home loans  purchase or refinance the home of your dreams. 

view home loans     checking accounts  checking accounts packed with convenient services.

view personal checking    business solutions  banking and lending options designed to help your business go further. 
view business solutions    credit cards  card options featuring great service paired with benefits.

view credit cards  our valued members
don't just take our word for it, listen to those who benefit every day.  the customer service is fabulous. someone is always there to answer the phone and will always take the time needed to assist me with processes and questions. i have my checking and savings accounts here and am currently refinancing my mortgage with pfcu. they offer great financial products and competitive rates. always delighted to do business here.
sheila t.valued member  when we were purchasing our home the market was a little crazy and we had no time to waste on our loan processing. the team pulled out all the stops and got our new home loan done in record time! this is one of the reasons that i love working with local lenders like pima federal credit union. they get to know you as a real person and not just another application.
wanda b. via zillowvalued member back to topjoin our mailing listwant to stay in the loop? sign up below to receive our newsletter.sign up here

useful links





security

privacy

terms

disclosures






locations

español





more informationrouting # 322174795nmls # 408885520-887-5010 (general)po box 50267, tucson, az 85703equal housing lender ncua: national credit union administration, a u.s. government agency.your savings federally insured to at least $250,000 and backed by the full faith and credit of the united states government.facebook linkedin instagram©  pima federal credit union.closeonline banking  username password forgot passwordenrollclose
leave me blank for newsletter.

join our mailing list formfirst name *(newsletter) last name *(newsletter) email address *(newsletter) zip/postal code *(newsletter) sign up * requiredthere was an error submitting the formthank you for signing up!
