




shalom is a hebrew word that means peace 










read the ten commandments

 visit google translate to read our website in your own language 
watch "shalom scripture studies with dr. elias e. hidalgo"
read jewish evangelism by mrs. ari d. hidalgo, th.b.
    
          what we believe learn the hebrew alphabet   read the book of psalms  
  

 we meet every saturday morning 10:30-12:00
      please come join us at 6349 abercorn st, suite a









our ministry | our messiah | our motivation | our video messages | our manuscripts | our memories | our shabbat service




our year of jubilee - 1974-2024 - 50th anniversary



a hebrew-christian bible fellowship



shalom
			  is a hebrew word that means
peace

by dr. elias e. hidalgo







do you feel that a complete and fulfilled life is: 

 accomplishing your goals
 never saying the wrong thing
 being liked by everyone
 living a good and moral life
 a wonderful family



yes, all of these are very important, and yet, if you have no shalom (peace),
		        then all you will ever do is to no avail.
peace with god is the highest form of inward satisfaction that will reflect upon the outward person.
how can i obtain shalom... ?
			    we're glad you asked !

"thou wilt keep him (her) in perfect peace, whose mind is stayed on thee: because he (she) trusteth in thee.
		          trust ye in the lord for ever: for in the lord god is everlasting strength."

(isaiah 26:3-4)



why aren't most people experiencing s h a l o m (peace) ?
because.......
most people are not trusting in the lord god.

"trust in the lord with all thine heart; and lean not unto thine own understanding. in all thy ways acknowledge him, and he shall direct thy paths."

(proverbs 3:5-6)



what keeps an individual from experiencing s h a l o m (peace) with god ?
sin
what is sin ?
it is the transgression or violation of the law of god.
the law of god ...... consists of between 10 to 613 do's and don'ts.
just imagine,
if we are honest with ourselves.............
no one can keep to perfection one of god's laws.
and the breaking of any of the laws of god
places us in a state of separation (no shalom-peace) from god...
how then,
can we who are in sin be made righteous in god's eyes?
there must be a blood atonement
for all of our sins ! ! !

"and almost all things are by the law purged with blood; and without shedding of blood is no remission."
		          (hebrews 9:22)

this wonderful payment for our sins was made by "y e s h u a" (jesus) of nazareth.

"in whom we have redemption through his blood, the forgiveness of sins, according to the riches of his grace;"
		          (ephesians 1:7)

now it's one thing to know all of this, but nevertheless, god's word tells us that we must act willingly upon this truth...
but how ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
by faith ! by exercising

f = full
a = assurance
i = in
t = the
h = holy-one

by recognizing that you have sinned (broken god's law), and, that the lord yeshua has already paid the debt.

"for all have sinned, and come short of the glory of god."
		          (romans 3:23)
"for the wages of sin is death; but the gift of god is eternal life through yeshua messiah (christ) our lord."
		          (romans 6:23)
"that if thou shalt confess with thy mouth the lord yeshua, and shalt believe in thine heart that god hath raised him from the dead, thou shalt be saved."
		          (romans 10:9)
"for with the heart man believeth unto righteousness; and with the mouth confession is made unto salvation." (romans 10:10)

have you ever in your life 
said to the lord ... yes,
i recognize my sin, and, yes, i believe with...
all my heart that i... 
cannot save myself,
but, i now recognize that yeshua died for all my sins and that he was buried and rose from the dead in order to bring me unto god and give me shalom (peace).
guess what ?
you just did !

"but as many as received him, to them gave he power to become the sons of god, even to them that believe on his name: which were born not of blood (inheritance), nor of the will of the flesh (involvement), nor of the will of man (intellect),

but of god."

		            (john 1:12-13)


now that you believe and belong to god,

"be careful for nothing; but in every thing by prayer and supplication with thanksgiving let your requests be made known unto god. and the shalom (peace) of god, which passeth all understanding, shall keep your hearts and minds through messiah yeshua (christ jesus)."
		          (philippians 4:6-7)



hallelujah
praise ye the lord!
now your life is complete and fulfilled, and you can definitely say...
shalom means peace




 







peace
                            is an english word that means
shalom
shalom scripture studies, inc.
'a hebrew-christian bible fellowship'






the shalom chapel
6349 abercorn st, suite a, savannah, ga 31405
                                  (912) 691-0709



click map and link above to get driving directions to the shalom chapel.





we meet every saturday morning 10:30-12:00








your contribution and donation which are tax deductible, should be sent to:



shalom scripture studies, inc.

 p.o. box 60580 

 savannah, ga 31420 





 you may also make a secure credit card donation thru paypal 




"salvation is by grace through faith": to reach out and locate the lost and to present the gospel of salvation takes your financial help, thank you. 



our ministry | our messiah | our motivation | our video messages | our manuscripts | our memories | our shabbat service











                                search www
                                
                                search www.shalom-peace.com


 visit google translate to read our website in your own language 

 copyright © 2025 shalom scripture studies, inc. all rights reserved.






