


home - essex county youth soccer association






































































login 




essex county youth soccer association
























 

                home            
 

                ecysa officials            
 

                registration            
 

                schedule            
 

                standings            
 

                referees            
 

                referee home            
 

                player passes and coach credentials            
 

                rule summaries            
 

                g4 rule exceptions            
 

                g6 rule exceptions            

 

                technology tips            
 

                getting paid            
 

                referee fitness            
 

                new referee orientation meetings            
 

                for new and prospective referees            
 

                why become a referee            
 

                becoming a referee            
 

                referee equipment            
 

                getting assignments            
 

                doing your games            


 

                organizations            
 

                td library            
 

                education            
 

                return to play            
 

                education home            
 

                technology tips for coaches            
 

                rule summaries            
 

                g4 rule exceptions            
 

                g6 rule exceptions            

 

                practice plans            
 

                us soccer player development guidelines            
 

                fifa 11+            
 

                drills            
 

                us soccer recognize to recovery            
 

                us soccer coaching licenses            
 

                futsal            

 

                2024 ecysa tournament            
 

                ecysa awards            
 

                topsoccer            







home












ecysa rules & policies







            operating rules for towns        



            operating rules coaches        



            fact sheet        



            lopsided score game policy        



            fee & fine schedule fall 2024        



            member residency        



            bylaws        



            player pass instructions        



            annual general meeting presentation 2023        



            ecysa financial statements        















 

 








            essex county youth soccer    



            spring 2025    



mass youth soccer is excited to offer member organization leaders the opportunity to participate in free interactive leadership training sessions focused on member organization requirements, safeguarding, disciplinary and grievance matters.
training sessions offered in locations throughout the state from march 2nd through march 6th will provide the opportunity for member organizations to share best practices, challenges, and experiences in a group discussion format to help equip leaders with the knowledge and tools to successfully lead youth soccer organizations in massachusetts.

north shore: monday, 3/3/25 - 7 pm to 9 pm 

location: springhill suites peabody, 43 newbury st., peabody, ma
north shore leadership training; click here to register



https://fs23.formsite.com/massyouth/rqnmradnw7/index
register now to secure your spot!  the registration deadline is february 24, 2025



ecysa spring 2025 season dates

team registration opens january 29 and due by march 2
placement meeting march 11
td meeting - march 20 from 6:30-9:00p (polish club, danvers, ma) *upd* 
coaches meetings – april 2 & 3 (st. john's prep, danvers, ma)
ecysa opening weekend – april 12 & 13
ecysa season close – june 7 & 8
ecysa grade 3/4 jamboree (wilmington, ma) – june 14
ecysa championship games – june 15-22
massachusetts tournament of champions (mtoc) – june 27-29




massachusetts youth soccer code of conduct 



ecysa account position open
essex county youth soccer is seeking a part-time accountant who has quick books online experience.  soccer knowledge is a plus.  the position is paid.  ideally, the new accountant will shadow the current accountant with an official start date of april 1, 2025.  for more information, please contact the ecysa treasurer, justin walters at jwalters@ecysa.org




interested in joining ecysa's referee team? 
for information on becoming a referee, click on one of the following links:

why become a referee?
how to sign up

individuals must be 14 years of age or older, but refereeing is not just for kids!
we encourage coaches, parents and players to consider becoming a certified referee:

leverage and increase your knowledge of the game as a player, coach and fan
service the thousands of players in ecysa and beyond
earn extra income working a flexible schedule based on your availability

more information about becoming a referee click on the referee tab (above) and on the msrc site massref.net.














































                 















home
home












© 2002 - 2025 manageyourleague.com













league management software by manageyourleague.com - organization, league, team, sport - registration, scheduling, officials, volunteers










 












 




