











job opportunities | human resources | university of nevada, reno







































































skip to main content












news
mynevada


quicklinks


search











staff directory
covid-19 information










×



quicklinks




university tools

mynevada
webcampus
email access
interfolio
nevadabox
workday
zoom login



academic resources

academic advising
academic calendar
colleges & schools
course catalog
library
navigate



campus resources

campus map
employee directory
human resources
parking
police services
services for students
student health center



information for

current students
faculty & staff
parents
alumni




 



×


search






search www.unr.edu




search





popular searches: 
mynevada
webcampus
housing
















                    department of human resources
                












                    job opportunities
                



                    compensation and evaluation
                



                    employee resources
                



                    benefits and wellness
                



                    about
                


menu







 (current page)
                                    job opportunities

                                







                                                
                                                executive searches

                                            





                                                
                                                employee recognition

                                            





                                                
                                                dual career assistance program

                                            





                                                
                                                veteran support

                                            









                                    
                                    compensation and evaluation

                                







                                                
                                                compensation by employee type

                                            





                                                
                                                nshe payroll services

                                            





                                                
                                                performance management and evaluation

                                            





                                                                
                                                                academic faculty

                                                            





                                                                
                                                                administrative faculty in knowledge base

                                                            





                                                                
                                                                 classified staff at bcn hr shared services

                                                            







                                                
                                                salary schedules and overload

                                            





                                                                
                                                                loa and postdoc salaries

                                                            





                                                                
                                                                classified staff salaries

                                                            





                                                                
                                                                salary structure

                                                            











                                    
                                    employee resources

                                







                                                
                                                accommodations

                                            





                                                                
                                                                americans with disabilities act compliance

                                                            





                                                                
                                                                service animal policy

                                                            







                                                
                                                employee relations

                                            





                                                
                                                employee resource center

                                            





                                                
                                                new employee resources

                                            





                                                
                                                international travel

                                            





                                                                
                                                                employee travel

                                                            





                                                                
                                                                individual student travel

                                                            





                                                                
                                                                group student travel

                                                            





                                                                
                                                                cyber safety guidelines

                                                            





                                                                
                                                                home-share guidelines

                                                            







                                                
                                                learning & development

                                            





                                                
                                                policies and regulations

                                            





                                                
                                                risk management - bcn

                                            





                                                
                                                students and graduate assistants

                                            





                                                                
                                                                student employee of the year award

                                                            





                                                                
                                                                graduate assistantships

                                                            





                                                                
                                                                employer resources

                                                            







                                                
                                                volunteer information - bcn

                                            









                                    
                                    benefits and wellness

                                







                                                
                                                benefits center

                                            





                                                                
                                                                faculty benefits at a glance

                                                            





                                                                
                                                                loa benefits at a glance

                                                            





                                                                
                                                                postdoc benefits at a glance

                                                            





                                                                
                                                                classified benefits at a glance

                                                            







                                                
                                                educational benefits

                                            





                                                                
                                                                faculty

                                                            





                                                                
                                                                classified employees

                                                            





                                                                                
                                                                                classified employee family opportunity program

                                                                            







                                                                
                                                                postdocs and medical staff

                                                            





                                                                
                                                                letters of appointment

                                                            





                                                                
                                                                graduate assistants

                                                            





                                                                
                                                                rates

                                                            







                                                
                                                employee assistance program

                                            





                                                
                                                leave and time off

                                            





                                                
                                                remote work

                                            





                                                
                                                retirement

                                            





                                                
                                                wolf pack wellbeing week

                                            





                                                
                                                workers' compensation

                                            









                                    
                                    about

                                







                                                
                                                worker counts

                                            





                                                
                                                employment verifications

                                            





                                                
                                                organizational chart

                                            





                                                
                                                office location

                                            





                                                
                                                staff directory

                                            





                                                
                                                request affirmative action plan

                                            





                                                
                                                contact form

                                            













staff directory
covid-19 information












 

















university homepage

   /   



department of human resources

   /   


job opportunities











menu







 (current page)
                                                            job opportunities

                                                        







                                                                        
                                                                        executive searches

                                                                    





                                                                        
                                                                        employee recognition

                                                                    





                                                                        
                                                                        dual career assistance program

                                                                    





                                                                        
                                                                        veteran support

                                                                    















job opportunities









external candidates the university of nevada, reno continually seeks driven, passionate individuals committed to student success, groundbreaking research, and making a positive impact on our campus community and beyond. join us!



apply externally





internal candidates employees of the university of nevada, reno and the nevada system of higher education, as well as anyone with access to nshe's workday system, must apply as an internal candidate in workday. log into workday and search for "browse jobs."



apply internally





executive searches discover executive-level opportunities at the university of nevada, reno, where you can lead, inspire, and make a lasting impact within our dynamic academic community.



executive searches
















2022 best place for working parents we are proud to be recognized as a best place for working parents!® organization and helping lead the way in family-friendly policies!




family-friendly resources





curious about life at the university? learn what to expect as a new employee of the university of nevada, reno. from onboarding to promotion, the employee resource center provides a comprehensive online orientation experience for you and your family.



employee resource center



















a beautiful place to work
the university is a dynamic workplace nestled at the foot of peavine mountain.




take a tour of campus.















northern nevada living
located on the banks of the truckee river, reno is a cosmopolitan city, with all the amenities.




learn more about the area.















rich in history and traditions
established in 1874, the university of nevada, reno is the oldest university in nevada.




learn more about our history.















faculty dual career program
the university's faculty dual career program helps partners of new faculty with job placement.




learn more about dual career program.


















find work-life balance with part-time employment 
in support of diverse lifestyles and life stages, we offer a variety of part-time and temporary employment opportunities.




    part-time faculty







to see our part-time faculty job opportunities, select either apply externally or apply internally above and filter by the job categories labeled academic faculty or administrative faculty. in the full/part-time category, select the checkbox for part-time.
we offer letter of appointment (loa) opportunities as well. loas are part-time, temporary academic and administrative faculty appointments. for more information about loas, please contact the department for specific requirements.








    part-time classified







to see our part-time classified job opportunities, select either apply externally or apply internally above and filter by the job categories labeled classified. in the full/part-time category, select the checkbox for part time.








    part-time temporary hourly







temporary hourly positions are primarily staff positions that offer 30 hours per week or less. to see our temporary hourly job postings, select either apply externally or apply internally above and filter by the job category labeled hourly.








    part-time student workers







to see our student job postings, select either apply externally or apply internally above and filter by the job category labeled hourly. student employment opportunities are for students that meet the specified criteria. for more information, please see our student employment page:
student employment








    part-time grad assistantships







graduate assistants perform a variety of duties from teaching undergraduate classes to grading papers, to conducting research in laboratories. these positions are offered through various academic departments and are paid by grants or state funds. students interested in these positions must contact the department for specific requirements. for more information, please see our graduate assistants page:
graduate assistants


























our commitment to equal employment opportunity the university of nevada, reno is committed to equal employment opportunity/affirmative action in recruitment of its employees and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, age, creed, national origin, veteran status, physical or mental disability, sexual orientation, genetic information, gender identity, or gender expression. the university of nevada, reno employs only united states citizens and aliens lawfully authorized to work in the united states. women, under-represented groups, individuals with disabilities, and veterans are encouraged to apply.












non-discrimination statement 






nshe is committed to providing a place of work and learning free of discrimination on the basis of a person’s age (40 or older), disability, whether actual or perceived by others (including service-connected disabilities), gender (including pregnancy-related conditions), military status or military obligations, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information, national origin, race (including hair texture and protected hairstyles such as natural hairstyles, afros, bantu knots, curls, braids, locks and twists), color, or religion (protected classes).
the university of nevada, reno does not discriminate on the basis of sex in any education program or activity that it operates. non-discrimination on the basis of sex is mandated by title ix of the education amendments of 1972 (20 u.s.c. §§ 1681 et seq.) and the corresponding implementation regulations (34 c.f.r. part 106). the university’s commitment to nondiscrimination in its education programs and activities extends to applicants for admission and employment.
inquiries concerning non-discrimination may be referred to zeva edmondson, director, center for civil rights & equal access coordinator, university of nevada, reno at (775) 784-1547. alternatively or in addition to the university's center, the assistant secretary of the united states department of education may be contacted at u.s. department of education, office for civil rights, 400 maryland avenue, sw, washington, dc 20202-1100; telephone: (800) 421-3481; fax: (202) 453-6012; tdd: (800) 887-8339; email: ocr@ed.gov.
information pertaining to the university’s grievance procedures and grievance process, including how to report or file a complaint of sex discrimination, how to report or file a formal complaint of sexual harassment, and how the university will respond can be found on the center for civil rights & equal access website.






















department of human resources

1664 n. virginia street, reno, nv 89557            
        the artemisia building, 70 artemisia way, mail stop: 0238            

         (775) 784-6082    








facebook








contact


careers


accessibility


diversity


civil rights


non-discrimination


privacy


campus map



 





































