








home - encopresis - soiling solutions


































































 encopresis treatment about encopresis about enuresis our proven solution for parents for school professionals for medical professionals about dr. collins interview resources the digital format advantage diet recommendations for encopresis encopresis hygiene preventing megacolon homemade enema formulas encopresis facebook group encopresis treatment centers blog letter to your doctor shop cart contact blog 























            get help          








              scroll
              








buy the clean kid manual
the clean kid manual is the comprehensive "how-to" guide for ending long-term soiling. buy the manual







learn about our program
dr. collins recently did an interview with dawn meller of potty talk. be sure to click the link below to check that out. learn more







consultation questionnaire
download our pdf form that asks some preliminary questions, to help us better understand your situation.  learn more





















general information

                  a different way to treat encopresis                 

 –> preview the book’s first chapter <–
 
 –> see dr. collins’ credentials <–
 
 –> find a treatment center <–
 
 –> buy the book online <–

















                  the digital format advantage                

i wrote the current clean kid manual 9 for parents and physicians. the bound version is only available within the usa.  the digital format is readily available from an email downlink response upon purchase and no shipping delay. the digital version also saves you money and will remain on your electronic device if it allows you to do a “save as” to keep it available.
dr c—author and retired psychologist
order now


















about the doctor

                  doctor
robert w. collins                

click here to see dr. collin’s recent interview with dawn meller on potty talk
learn more

























more information
 about soiling solutions doctor, robert w. collins treatment centers list for encopresis or soiling products



email
drc@encopresis.com


phone
616-638-1957 616-881-2882 


follow us
facebook 




























