












 



bristol associates, inc. - a boutique executive search firm























































(310) 670-0525




linkedin




twitter





instagram




facebook



 





linkedin




twitter





instagram




facebook



  
 
 
















about us
our expertise

casino gaming
facility and concession
food and beverage
healthcare
hospitality
hotel and resort
nonprofit
restaurant
travel, tourism, and attraction


employers
candidates
jobs
blog
contact us
 


select page


  
 



 



 













a boutique executive search firm


excellence in recruiting nationwide since 1967










why work with us?








over 55 years in business
we have specialized in executive search since 1967, and are now in our 3rd generation of family ownership.






u

specialized
we have unrivaled industry knowledge in the areas in which we focus.








individualized service
we provide consultative, individualized service to our client companies. we pride ourselves in conducting our processes confidentially when necessary.










network of candidates
with over 1m+ relevant candidates in our private database, and growing every day, we have a strong network of senior-level talent across the board.






}

responsive
our recruiters value a communicative relationship with our select client companies and candidates, providing updates throughout the search.








experienced
our exceptional lead recruiters each have at least 15 years’ of experience in executive search.









featured clients and candidates





  











“bristol associates was recommended to us by a friend and colleague at the casino we oversee. we reached out to a couple other firms, but bristol was by far the most responsive and professional company we spoke with. from the first contact, they were always available to us whenever needed. they sent us resumes from many qualified candidates and then helped us through each step to evaluate those choices and finally arrive at the best person to fit our needs. they made the process go so much smoother than it could have. we had to rely on their experience and knowledge several times for even small things that we were not equipped for. they were always willing to help.
whether you are experienced at hiring gaming professionals or it’s your first time like it was for us, they are the search firm to work with. i would recommend bristol associates and ben farber to anyone!”

kevin lynch board chair dubuque racing association









“for over a decade, bristol associates has successfully found us key executives ranging from coo to vps, directors and managers. not only do they understand the recruitment business, but they have made a point of understanding and learning about our company – critical when considering senior level recruitment.”

andy green sr. vice president of human resources parx casino









“bristol associates has a great national reputation and our personnel has had previous experience working with them in both casino gaming and hospitality capacities. the team displayed professionalism and support for onboarding candidates, providing negotiation assistance, and fulfilling timely placements. we appreciate bristol being open-minded to operational needs as we’ve worked to reconfigure and rework our company.”

merrick dresnin company director of human resources  cote family destinations









“i’ve found bristol associates to be incredibly helpful in working with cor strategically to identify how our organization needs to change as we grow. bristol associates has been adept at helping us find great employees in multiple sales channels and at multiple levels of the organization. whatever the challenge, bristol is ready!”

mike forbes vice president of sales & marketing  california olive ranch









“i was amazed how quickly bristol associates identified 3 qualified and vetted senior executive candidates for me to interview from which we hired one of them. very efficient indeed!” 

christopher j. dane president  hickory global partners









“we had a very hard-to-fill position and after an exhaustive search on our part, we could not find anyone. i contacted bristol associates and within a few days we had three strong candidates and we were able to fill the position with a quality candidate. i was impressed with the way our consultant understood our needs and could pinpoint people who exactly fit our needs.”

judi alley sphr, mba sr. human resources business partner  professional contract services, inc. (pcsi)









“bristol associates helped us to fill over ten positions in a very short amount of time when our company moved corporate offices to its new location. our consultant was able to identify strong candidates for even the most hard-to-fill positions. the firm’s customized approach, responsiveness, and extensive network in the field made them an invaluable partner.”

peter watson executive director, talent acquisition  dine equity, inc. (ihop & applebee’s)









“bristol associates allowed many parties to have their voices heard and gave us an opportunity to see a variety of candidates. we clearly got the best one and were able to do so because of the firm’s prescreening and expert assistance.”

sel kardan president & ceo  the colburn school









“bristol associates has a great reputation in the industry. i was looking for a specific role in a specific geography. true to their word, they kept me on file and came up with the right fit. i liked the personal touch and the sense that they were looking out for the client and for me. they kept me in mind for a position for a long time, and then ensured the process was smooth on both ends.”

matt roob sr. vice president of financial analysis spectrum gaming group









“communicative, intuitive, considerate, precise and responsive. these are the first words that come to my mind on my interactions with bristol. over the years, the bristol team has worked with me on several opportunities and have been honest in their approach with integrity always at the top of their mind. if you are seeking an opportunity and bristol calls you, take it seriously.” 

jay francis general managerconfidential facilities organization









“bristol associates was there with me every step of the way. their personal touch and lightning fast response times made bristol associates stand out from some other firms whose approach felt much more like commodity trading than talent placement.”

eric pearson president/ceovalley forge casino resort












from our blog





resume refresh: recommendations from an executive recruiter
employers and recruiters review hundreds, if not thousands of resumes in their careers. and sometimes, even the most amazing candidates can easily be overlooked if they are unable to fully showcase their talent through their resume. so, how can you . . .
read more



a year in review: looking back at 2024
as we wrap up the year, we want to reflect on the successes that have made big impressions in 2024. here are our top three highlights! as an executive search firm, we continue to do what we do best. here are some of our noteworthy placements and projects across the us in 2024 . . .
read more



the importance of a thank you email after an interview
for job seekers, the interview process is not over when you walk out of the door or hang up the phone. sending a thank you email to your interviewers is a simple, yet effective way to stand out from the rest of the interviewees. surprisingly, not all executive . . .
read more





get the newsletter
receive exclusive career opportunities, hiring best practices, and more straight to your inbox

sign up





location










have a hiring need?

employer inquiry



looking for a new job?

open positions



 










linkedin




twitter





instagram




facebook



© 2025 bristol associates, inc.  

 
 
 




















