
























international centre for missing & exploited children


































































































 
 

international centre for missing & exploited children
 




menu 


 
 
 


 

home
about

mission
impact
our board
our supporters
global presence
annual report & financials


what we do

country-wide protections
law enforcement training
global missing children’s center
the koons family institute: international law & policy
global educator centre for excellence
financial coalitions


resources

report csam
education portal
healthportal resources
research library
helplines and hotlines
online learning
terms


report csam
donate
get involved
media

all press releases


feedback
  










one child missing, exploited, or abused is one too many.









resources for educators
education portal 

providing schools and parents with resources for preventing, reporting, and responding to concerns of child abuse, including the managing allegations protocol, a roadmap for school leaders.
learn more








be ready for back to school 
itfcp school allegation protocol 

a roadmap for school leaders in a crisis situation.
read now








recursos para educadores y escuelas, en español
portal de educación (español) 

informaciones a educadores, padres y niños sobre la protección contra el abuso infantil, el enfrentamiento en las escuelas y la denuncia a toda forma de abuso, explotación y negligencia.
visite nuestro porta






120+
countries partner with icmec to develop and improve systems to protect children around the world. 








read the 10th edition
csam model law & global review 

this groundbreaking report analyzes child sexual abuse material (csam) legislation in 196 countries around the world.
view now




155,000
professionals have been trained by icmec on how to respond to and investigate child abduction, sexual abuse and exploitation.










resources for
criminal justice professionals 


learn more








free training for child protection professionals
become an agent of change 

gain the knowledge and tools to combat child sexual exploitation in this free course presented by icmec and ecpat.
enroll now








resources for healthcare providers
healthportal 

take a look at the human trafficking toolkit, 2nd edition
view now







give now and help us build a safer world for children.
thank you for helping us continue to make sure those on the frontlines of child protection have the skills and resources they need to help keep children safe.


donate now











careers and internships




join the icmec team!








powering the search psa launch



icmec, the genius 100 foundation, and discovered.tv proudly present the groundbreaking "powering the search for missing children" psa campaign
read more








global hotline & helpline directory



join icmec as we work to protect children.

need help? see something? say something.
find reporting resources at our global hotline & helpline directory.
see directory











equality. diversity. humanity.as we work to protect children, icmec stands against racial injustice.
need help? see something? say something.find reporting resources at our global hotline and helpline directory






back to top 




international centre for missing & exploited children

+1 703 837 6313 (phone)

information@icmec.org



facebook




twitter




instagram




linkedin




youtube




medium



 

press room
about us
careers & internships
privacy policy
terms of use
feedback
  
 
 



                © 2015-2025  
                the international centre for missing and exploited children. all rights reserved.
                this website is made possible through the generous support of 
                the eli and edythe broad foundation.



 
 
 

 
 
 













