
























homepage | iie












































































skip to main content




 iie





						menu					

 




							close						

 








				search for:			





					search				

 






									close								

 




scholarships & programs
services

scholarships and fellowships
training and capacity building
higher education internationalization
global outreach and recruitment
study tours and delegations
evaluations and impact studies
research services
us exchange visitor sponsorship
english language proficiency (toefl)
iie’s sponsors  & partners


research
iie’s crisis response
get involved

giving at iie
partner with iie
become a member
publications
join our team
procurement
study abroad resources
events & webinars


 


									open search								

 



donate





about us
​contact us
blog
news
careers
 












capture the power of international education
a global not-for-profit established in 1919, iie is the first private organization facilitating international exchanges. we create and implement international education programs, conduct research, and provide life-changing opportunities for students, scholars, and artists worldwide.

see services



the u.s. and international education
international students contributed more than $50 billion to the u.s. economy in 2023.

read the report



find a program
iie manages more than 200 programs with participants from more than 180 countries. in the last year alone, more than 29,000 people participated in iie managed programs. use our program finder to explore opportunities.

explore






 previous slide



 next slide




what we do

scholarships and programsprogram developmentcrisis responseresearch

find a scholarship or program





our regional expertise and global presence help us create a better tomorrow for individuals around the world
our network of offices and affiliates around the world is led by talented and dedicated international education experts who implement initiatives driven by key regional needs as well as the goals of our sponsors.




europe
the americas
middle east and north africa
sub saharan africa
south and central asia
east asia and the pacific


 

 



europe
in the aftermath of world war i, the institute of international education (iie) first began its work by organizing student exchanges with several european governments as well as faculty and teacher exchanges.

learn more




the americas
managing international education exchange programs in the western hemisphere since its earliest days of operation, iie has over the past 90 years opened additional offices throughout the united states and latin america to serve this region.

learn more




building education networks across africa
iie delivers programs and works with global universities in the middle east and north africa (mena) region, reaching over 7,000 students, scholars, and professionals. as a result of iie’s partnerships with corporations, international governments, ministries, foundations, and the u.s. government, thousands of students, scholars, and professionals from the region have gained access to the world’s leading higher education and training programs.

learn more




sub saharan africa
iie has had a presence in sub-saharan africa that spans over 30 years, and implements a range of programs to build leadership capacity and expand access to higher education in the region. with its office in addis ababa, ethiopia, and extensive history working in the region, iie has a strong set of programs in leadership development, organizational effectiveness, and higher education scholarship administration. 

learn more




south and central asia
working closely with businesses, governments, and non-governmental organizations in the south and central asia region, iie has developed and implemented a strong set of activities in higher education scholarship administration, leadership development, and critical development fields, including energy.

learn more




east asia and the pacific
iie’s first-hand knowledge of local educational communities as well as decades of experience working with people from all backgrounds and cultures in east asia and the pacific have enabled us to cultivate a broad network of relationships among government, non-profit, and academic sectors.

learn more






our community
a network building the future of education
iie members, alumni, and our social media group help elevate ideas and build support for international education.

get involved


our expertise
worldwide presence in over 85 countries
from the south pacific to the north atlantic, iie provides programs, development, research, and crisis support to everyone in international education.

programs at a glance












our history
creating opportunity for a century
we have 100 years of experience opening minds, transcending borders, and building connections that solve problems.

commemorating a century



featured news





						iie ceo dr. allan e. goodman will leave role after decades of impact on international education					




 
						iie to issue emergency grants for international students impacted by la fires 					




 
						announcing the 2024-25 iie centennial fellows					




help create a more peaceful, just, and prosperous world.

support iie









 iie






 twitter




 instagram




 facebook




 linkedin




 youtube







help share knowledge and create a better future by supporting iie, a four-star charity navigator organization.


donate




 



 





© 2025 institute of international education, inc. all rights reserved. institute of international education, iie, the power of education, and opening minds to the world are trademarks or registered trademarks of institute of international education, inc. in the united states and other countries.



iie websites terms and conditions
iie pay
participant tax information
iie privacy statement
cookie policy
 
sign up for iie's impact newsletter

















 

