






ship my vehicle is your dependable auto shipper, we are here to help





















































 










1-844-381-1734
shipmyvehicle@matson.com
 


0 items
  
 
 










what we ship

auto
boat
motorcycle
heavy equipment
rv
powersport vehicle


where we ship

us
hawaii

auto shipping to hawaii


alaska

auto shipping to alaska


puerto rico
canada

auto shipping to canada


around the world

auto shipping to germany




what to expect

our quote process
prepare your vehicle
shipping inspection
pick up and drop off
ship your vehicle or drive


questions
about
get a quote
 


select page


  
 



 



 

















let us deliver for you and your family. the best rate to transport your vehicles. safely and on time. 
 

 
 





moving somewhere sunny and warm? we will have your vehicle ready and waiting. wherever. whenever you want. 
 

 
 





allow us to serve you. we get it there for you. safe and sound and on time. 
 

 
 





trusted partner of car enthusiasts everywhere. because we take pride in delivering for you. 
 

 
 





across town or across the ocean ship my vehicle can help transport your vehicle safely
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 



get a quote

ship any vehicle, anywhere
ship my vehicle is your dependable auto shipper
 
rely on our vehicle shipping experts to transport your vehicle wherever you need it to go. whether that’s across a state line or across an ocean.
from family cars, trucks, and suvs to classic cars, motorhomes, and motorcycles. jet skis and atvs, to pontoon boats to yachts. we even ship heavy equipment and construction machinery.
from paperwork to pickup, we are proud to be your professional partner in the vehicle transport industry. our custom quote process guarantees you get the best rate available.
 
we are your dependable auto shipper
 
 
 
 
 









my experience with shipmyvehicle.com was nothing but positive… the service i received was exemplary… very personal and put me at great ease that my vehicle would arrive safely and promptly to its destination. i recommend you to all my friends looking to ship their cars. you are simply the best.
beau r.


i had an excellent experience with shipmyvehicle.com. it was an easy and quick process—from registering on-line to delivering the vehicle to the dock to picking it up in honolulu. my truck was in the exact same condition at delivery as it was when i dropped it off—clean and no damage. it was also a very fast process. i've been recommending the service to everyone. if i ever move back to the mainland, i will definitely ship my vehicle back via the same way.
shawn w.


shipmyvehicle.com was swift… the site provided all information needed and was easy to use. my vehicle was shipped and arrived as scheduled in the port of tacoma and pick-up was as per instructions (simple and fast). totally hassle-free, the way that customer-oriented web-based services should work. 
jean g.


the experience i had with you guys was delightful. i am a car salesperson and will be using your services next time we need to ship a vehicle to hawaii or any other ports. it was a pleasure working with the people in the office. they were polite and cordial. 
steve y.


after an emotionally strenuous move being planned from chicago to hawaii, the last thing i wanted to do was worry about the best way to get my car across the country then over the ocean. i contacted a few of the companies who advertise such services and was most comfortable with shipmyvehicle.com. their affiliation with horizon gave me peace of mind that i'd get a quality move and their customer service people responded to all of my questions immediately and concisely. and, they had the best price to boot! on the receiving end, things could not have been simpler. the car arrived exactly when they said it would, in perfect condition, and i was in and out of the office for pickup with 15 minutes. i was so happy with the experience that i plan on shipping my other vehicle door-to-door from chicago to oahu within the next two months. excellent service, prices, and experience!
ted d.


i had previously used a competing service to ship a vehicle, and was pleased to find that using shipmyvehicle.com was much less hassle and consumed a lot less of my time.
william s.


i just wanted to write to tell you what a pleasant, stress-free experience it was to use your service to ship both my and my wife's vehicles from hawaii to the mainland. your service saved us money and time worrying. we really appreciated how professional, courteous, and organized everyone was.
thank you again. we will recommend you to anyone who asks!
john h.


you do your job well. thank you for your time and energy in working with us in getting maria's vehicle shipped. 
respectfully, 
katie f.


i would like to offer a sincere thank you to your associate for her prompt, courteous, professional and friendly assistance. she took care of my request so easily and sincerely. what a pleasure to encounter some one like her who takes pride in what she does. a work ethic sometimes rare in these times. 
sincerely yours,
darryl m.


in february of this year i had occasion to ship my car from honolulu to la and used shipmyvehicle.com for the first time. from start to finish it was a delightful experience. it seemed that all your personnel acted as if they knew me as a friend for years. in the past i have used another shipping company and have shipped 5 cars from la to honolulu. you can bet when the occasion arises, i will not only use shipmyvehicle.com from now on, but tell my friends. 
bill p.


i had a great experience and i would recommend horizon to anyone who needs to ship a car to of from hawaii. 
lyle b.


i had a very positive experience using shipmyvehicle.com. the website was easy to use and i had no trouble filling out the forms. when i arrived in long beach to drop off the car for shipment, the staff had the reservation and processed it efficiently.
i would recommend this service to others.
vicky h.


for most people, like myself, it was my first time that i ever shipped a car so i didn't have any other experience with it. the instructions on the website were really reasonable and clear, and when i got to the drop-off everything was really easy. i'd definitely use the service again!
derek p.


this is the 2nd car i shipped to maui... 1st one was with another company… i could not believe how easy you made it!! thanks! 
steve l.


this is the 3rd vehicle we shipped to los angeles, although the first with you. it was the easiest to arrange, both for drop-off and pick-up. we know who we'll be using if we ever have the need again! 
kathy s.


throughout the process, everyone at horizon lines, and shipmyvehicle.com were very helpful, informative, and polite… the whole process was very efficient. in fact, i have already recommended the service to someone else who will be making the move to the islands. thanks!
sara s.

 
 
 

 



what we ship
 
 
 




your one-stop-shop for car transport. 
we have decades of experience helping people, just like you, move their cars and trucks, suvs and minivans.

 
 
 



industry leaders in moving boats. 
we have all the necessary equipment, like specialized trucks, trailers, and customized power units to move your watercraft.

 
 
 



moving your motorcycle? 
we can ship everything from motorcycles with sidecars, to larger bikes, to trikes. we have the equipment and personnel to…

 
 
 



ship your rv anywhere. 
shipmyvehicle.com is here to help you move your recreational vehicle (rv). we know that your home-away-from-home…

 
 
 
 


read more

 
 
 




where we ship
 
 
 




united states 
we are proud to transport your vehicle across the state or the country. we know that you value your vehicle highly.

 
 
 



hawaii
we specialize in auto transport to the hawaiian islands. at shipmyvehicle.com, we have been transporting…

 
 
 



alaska
whether you’re moving to alaska for work, for a military or diplomatic assignment, or to take an extended vacation, let…

 
 
 



puerto rico
let our professional vehicle movers transport your auto to the island. shipmyvehicle.com has been shipping cars since…

 
 
 
 


read more

 
 
  


 
 
 




call us toll free: 1-844-381-1734
email us: shipmyvehicle@matson.com
 
ship my vehicle powered by ssr
 
 
 
 



 





facebook




twitter




google



© 2025 ship my vehicle, all rights reserved.  eieio online marketing™  and designerschoice™ by valorous circle llc
 

 
 
 























