



house cleaning company | merry maids®






















		open accessibility menu
	





 skip to content


 skip to menu


 increase text size


clear all 



 hide










find your local merry maids
franchising
visit canada website
we're hiring


(888) 490-4227
please don't text





cleaning services


apartment cleaning

detailed cleaning

enhanced disinfection services

holiday cleaning

house cleaning

housekeeping

green cleaning

maid service

move in/out cleaning

organizational services

specialty cleaning



our cleaning process


bathroom cleaning

bedroom cleaning

dining room cleaning

kitchen cleaning

laundry room cleaning

living room cleaning



about us


company history

careers

contact corporate office

real-time text updates 

team member stories



why us


reviews

our worry- free guarantee

faqs



cleaning tips


seasonal cleaning

tidy home

diy

home organization

quick tips



special offers

gift cards

request an estimate


find your local merry maids
visit canada website
































			house cleaning that is
			
				cleaner than clean



find your local merry maids






full address *



										please enter and select your address.
									

cancel







go




request estimate







take back your time with merry maidshustling, bustling, hurried and worried. does this sound like you? free time is a luxury, and your never-ending to-do list means little time to focus on those moments that truly matter. let merry maids handle your housework so you can take back your time, whether that means spending more time with family (or furry friends), enjoying a hobby, focusing on your career…or simply slowing your frantic pace a bit. merry maids, with over 450 locations, 5,000 professionally-trained team members and over six million hours spent cleaning annually, is the expert in exceptional home cleaning. our thousands of 5-star reviews and recurring customers demonstrate our commitment to your complete satisfaction. your time is precious - do you really want to spend it scrubbing showers? start living more and cleaning less - contact your local merry maids today!relax. it’s done. 








our worry-free guarantee

	when you trust your space to the team at merry maids®, you can rest easy knowing your home is in great hands. you deserve to
	 feel confident knowing you’ll receive consistently flawless results
	 from friendly, trustworthy professionals. merry maids® provides the relief you are looking for.
	our worry-free guarantee reflects our willingness to go the extra mile to ensure your home always
	 feels like your sanctuary. if for any reason you are unhappy with our
	 residential cleaning services, let us know within 24-hours and we’ll
	 come back and make it right.

our guarantee






worry-free guarantee












live now, clean less




we've got this
					every year, customers like you trust us to deliver over 2 million services.
				
worry-free guarantee
our worry-free guarantee ensures you are thrilled with your service every time.

personalized clean
					flexible, personalized cleaning options allow you to enjoy life's moments.
				
time-tested
					we have 40 years of experience providing premium home cleaning services.
				
award-worthy clean
					our expertly trained team members use advanced cleaning processes to ensure a consistent cleaning every time.
				
















let life shine through

#merrymaids






			“a clean house does me more good than an hour with a psychiatrist.”
			- ms. henderson

see all reviews






special offers that simplify your life

	some cleaning companies are difficult to schedule with and don't provide
	 offers that put customers first. merry maids®  does things differently. our team wants to help take care of you by taking
	 care of what you don’t have time for. no matter how busy your life
	 is, finding the time to clean your home can be tough. our special offers
	 are the perfect cost-saving opportunity.

special offers


















join our team

				if you’re ready to help make people’s days a little bit brighter, consider joining the merry maids team. our team members are the heart of who we are and take pleasure in improving the lives of our clients by giving them back time to enjoy more of what they love. our award-winning company offers a fun place to work, competitive pay, and a flexible schedule that allows for the perfect work/life balance. learn how to join our close-knit team!


see our available positions.


see our available positions.



















show your home some love this february with a personalized cleaning plan
read more


organizing your space to maximize relaxation
read more






embrace a healthy and happy home

find your local merry maids



your well-being starts at home

take back your time











+1-888-490-4227



+1-888-490-4227



atlanta,ga
30328










(888) 490-4227
















find your local merry maids


we're hiring


franchising


cleaning services


contact corporate office







terms of use


privacy policy


site map


accessibility


do not sell/share my info



			merry maids services provided by independently owned and operated franchises or by a corporate owned branch. prices and services vary by location.
			

			© 2022 merry maids l.p. all rights reserved.
		

request an estimate
request an estimate



































































