



















welcome to williams



















































skip to content






search

what are you looking for?


 

explore the williams school
about williamsabout williamshead’s welcomeleadershipthe summit | digital publicationour historydiversity & inclusioncontact & directionsstrategic planemploymentsummer campacademicsacademicsmiddle schoolupper schoolmeet our facultyconnecticut college connectioncollege acceleration programinterdisciplinary certificate programcollege counselingfor college admission officersadmissionadmissionhow to applyinquirevisittuition — scholarships & assistanceinternational studentsnewly accepted studentshometowns & transportationathleticsathleticsathletic facilitiesartsartsperforming artsvisual artsstudent lifestudent lifestudent supporttraditionsclubsdining serviceswilliams wear 



prospective parents
prospective students
alumni
giving
contact & directions
my w logininquirevisitapply 





 



 


about
admission
academics
student life
news
 

site navigation





 toggle search





independent college prep day school for students in grades 6-12welcome to williamsstart your williams journey.inquirevisitapply




 


our core values & missionscholarship, character, communitythe williams school aims to foster the intellectual, moral, creative, and
physical development of students in preparation for college, lifelong learning, and active participation in an evolving world.
head’s welcome









 


opportunities at williams100% of students go on to four-year colleges and universities.the college counseling office offers students and families both expertise directly from the world of college admissions as well as individual attention and support as they navigate the college search and application process and the transition to university.
college counseling





 


opportunities at williamseleven sports available — including sailing.the athletic program at williams provides students with the opportunity to develop individual leadership qualities and self confidence, contribute to a team and develop sportsmanship, as well as physical competence.
williams athletics





 


opportunities at williamsartsstudents can perform on stage and support from behind the scenes. expressing creativity through film and digital photography, drawing, painting and other fine arts disciplines. the creative education and enrichment allows students to better understand and express themselves.
the arts





 


opportunities at williamsstudent lifethe williams community is welcoming and accepting. with weekly events and activities to connect and share, decades-long traditions, students feel as though they’re a part of something bigger than themselves.
student life









 


the latestone word challenge: the williams community reflects on personal growth and impactkicking off the new year, the grade level programming sessions on thursday, january 9, focused on one word. inspired by jon gordon’s one word challenge, this annual activity invited williams students, faculty, and staff to focus on a single word that will guide them toward achieving their goals throughout the year.
read more





 


the latestthe williams school’s winterfest unites music and dance in a festive holiday traditionwinterfest is one of williams’ most cherished holiday traditions, spanning over 40 years, and celebrates the performing arts through a vibrant mix of dance and music. held annually at the harkness chapel at connecticut college, the event brings together diverse music and dance programs for a joyful gathering before the winter break. it provides an opportunity to showcase our students and a few faculty and celebrate the holiday season as a community. preparations for winterfest begin as early as september, with performers diligently refining their routines for the highly anticipated event.
read more





 


the latestupper school students bring david ives’ “all in the timing” to lifekicking off the second trimester, upper school students performed all in the timing as their fall play from december 5–7. this production featured a series of one-act plays by david ives, exploring themes of time, language, and love. students were tasked with playing multiple roles across the seven short plays.
read more





 


the latestthe williams school hosts annual grandparents/special family members daythe williams school welcomed nearly 150 grandparents and special family members for our annual grandparents & special family members day on november 22. the event provided a special opportunity for students to connect family members with their teachers and showcase their accomplishments during the first trimester.
read more








our schoolsthe excellence of a college education & commitment of preparing students to thrive. 

grades 9-12upper schoolat williams, all community members collaborate to perpetuate an open atmosphere of mutual respect and intellectual curiosity.
find out moregrades 6-8middle schoolthe middle school program offers courses intended to develop not only content knowledge but also critical, creative, and abstract thinking skills.
learn more



 



williams storieshear from our community. 




jack featherstoneclass of 2018at williams i was able to develop my writing skills.especially across multiple contexts which was helpful in both academic and co-curricular contexts. outside of curricular studies, having teachers who were passionate and interested in the subjects they teach modeled a healthy balance between occupation and everything else. williams equipped me with the tools needed to succeed at university of which the most important was the perspective to define success, not as a grade-point average or list of awards, but a passion and excitement for life.
phd candidate at okinawa institute of science and technology
b.s. physics, north carolina state university ’22
close storymeet jackjulia neusnerclass of 2007williams’ spanish program sparked my interest in latin american cultures.it left me with a working knowledge of the language, which i honed through college and graduate school. i am especially grateful to the teachers i had at willimas for the excellent instruction and guidance. today, i am an attorney with the refugee protection team at human rights first, i conduct research on the impact of u.s. border policies and coordinate advocacy initiatives to improve the u.s. asylum system.
b.a. comparative literature, new york university ’11
m.a. international policy, stanford university ’20
j.d. stanford law school ’20 
close storyhear from juliadan genoveseclass of 2023i love the range of options and limitless ways to pursue my intellectual curiosity at williams.the interdisciplinary method of teaching inspires us to make connections between different topics and disciplines, further enriching my learning experiences. my teachers are experts in their fields of study and actively want you to succeed. they are great people to talk to and are always open to discussing anything whether it’s ways to improve my grades, learn more about subject, or to better understand concepts from class
boston college ’27
close storymeet danisabella wilcoxclass of 2027williams is a very accepting community. when i first came to williams, i was very shy and quiet but i met amazing people and it has made me more confident. the williams community is unique because of the diversity of students. everyone is very accepting and positive— it’s a great place to be.
close storymeet isabelladionne butlerparent 2022, 2023williams’ college counseling program has been an incredible experience for our children during such a pivotal time in their lives.one of the reasons we chose to send our children to williams was due to the college counseling services. this program provides tremendous support and thoughtful planning, which makes the college search and application process manageable as well as achievable during what can be a stressful time for students and parents. we are grateful to mrs.clark director of college counseling and the williams school for providing such a vital program for high school students.
close storyhear from dionnecolleen reardon shayparent 2024, 2027my experience at williams as an alumna and now a parent has been highlighted by the same exceptional teaching and learning experiences. the teachers at williams get to know each and every student – their unique personalities, interests, strengths, goals, and passions – and help them to become the best version of themselves. my husband and i feel that our educational experiences played significant roles in our successes in college, graduate school, our careers, and our adult lives and we want our children to have those same advantages.
close storyget to know colleen 






for youi am a... 



learn & growprospective studentexplore the next step in your educational journey! see what school at williams is all about.
join us for an info sessionlearn about student lifeapply to williamsfor prospective studentsjoin the familyprospective parentas your child explores their next educational step, see the benefits of joining this lifelong group of learners.
visit ustuition & financial aidjoin us for an info sessionfor prospective parentsblues foreveralumnibeing a member of this beautiful group testimony to your experience at williams and to the spirit of scholarship, character, and community at its core. 
meet our alumni boardalumni eventsgivingalumni transcript request formfor alumni





 



visit uswish you were here.the best way to realize the value of the williams experience is to visit our campus.
take a campus tour 





start your williams journey.inquirevisitapply



182 mohegan ave
new london, ct 06320
(860) 443-5333instagramfacebook




 






site by julia balfour, llc © copyright 2025 the williams school


the williams school does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status, or any other characteristic protected by law. 















