


mission islam

































































































































































welcome to mission islam
message from the mission islam team:
assalaamu'alaykum wa rahmatullah wa barakatuh to our muslim ummah and a warm welcome to all seekers of true knowledge
dear brothers and sisters,
please don't forget the ummah in your du'a, the suffering, the needy, the vulnerable and the oft forgotten prisoner.

									allah bring joy, health and wellness to the ummah insha'allah.

									allah bring families, friends and the ummah together insha'allah.

									allah bring us closer towards peace and the alleviation of suffering insha'allah.

									allah make it easy on the distressed and the oppressed, and may their hasanat be infinite with their raising towards the highest of ranks in jannah )nsha'allah.

									may allah swt. make it easier on those who uphold jihad against injustice and oppression, and make them victorious insha'allah. .

mission islam has been designed with the intention of providing information and resources for the muslim community and to the general population and as such your comments, feedback and suggestions are greatly appreciated. 
say : "this is my way; i invite unto allah with sure knowledge, i and whosoever follows me with sure knowledge" (qur'an - 12:108)
use the search our site page to help you find what you are looking for quickly. insha' allah - don't forget to refresh your browser pages when you visit us so you can see all the new articles.
would you like to join us on facebook ? click on the image below:

have you got any ideas on how we could make mission islam better - we would love to hear from you. we are always looking for new ways to improve our site so drop us a line and tell us what you think.
we would also like to thank you all for your wonderful support and contributions which have helped make mission islam what it is today. 
(allhumdulilah)
our feature articles for this month are:  






islam! - the modern alternative
some people think that to live an islamic life is "restrictive". islam however, was revealed as a balanced way of living. .allah (the most high) created all the humans with what is called 'a fitrah' (a natural state/desire) islam recognises that within this fitrah there are motivations that influence a man's role on earth e.g. a desire for good food and drink, to have a home, a desire for love and sex, to protect and be protected and to be successful and strong. without some form of control and limit, all of these legitimate motives...














the hijab as da'wah
most muslims are familiar with the various reasons that allah has required women to wear hijab: the hijab reflects modesty, purity and respect; it lessens temptation so that more serious sins will be avoided; it protects women from the harm and molestation of evil men; a woman who wears hijab will be evaluated for her intelligence and skills rather than her appearance. one important aspect that is  ... 














the true narrative of jesus the son of mary as revealed in the qur'an
anxiety is an unavoidable part of life. everyone in this world will have his or her share of worries. however, there are limits to how much worry there should be. worry should not lead us to despair some people try so hard to avoid anxiety that they are unable to cope with the real world. by fleeing from reality, they merely increase their worries. we need to cope with our anxiety in a rational, methodical way ....














shattering ten misconceptions about islam
in this article, we will try to clear up many of the misconceptions that are prevalent about islam. before jumping into the list of misconceptions directly, it is important to give a little interesting background about the source of islam slam is the name of a way of life which the creator wants us to follow. we avoid the word religion because in many non-islamic societies, there is a separation of "religion and state".....















getting to know allah
do you want to know allah? do you strive to obey allah? do you yearn to please allah? do you consider and ask yourself these questions daily? do we reflect on who almighty allah is in our prayers? do we understand the power of allah when we stand before him?allah is more merciful than our own mother upon us. if it’s not allah whom you desire to please, if it’s not allah whom you turn to then where would you .....

















































































































































as far as non-copyrighted material hosted at this site is concerned, you are not only allowed, but in fact are strongly encouraged to copy, print and otherwise reproduce and distribute articles to teach others about islam, as widely as possible. we believe that all islamic knowledge is the property of allah, and as such it is our duty, as muslims to make that knowledge widely available as a resource for all! however, copyrighted material on this site may not be reproduced without obtaining the copyright owner's permission beforehand.
site last updated - december 2023











