










luna lodge osa peninsula - costa rican premier ecolodge






































































home
accommodations
osa wellness center

wellness center
luna spa
luna wellness
luna yoga
retreats
teacher training
luna healthy tips
wellness tourism
whole foods


eco-activities

activities
guided tours
ecotours beyond
corcovado national park
lunar experience


packages & specials

packages
march break special 2025


how to get here
more info

what to bring
lana’s new books
stories and news
osa history
galleries

video gallery
photo gallery




book luna now
 


select page


  
 
 













escapeto the natural world








relaxsurrounded by the sights and sounds








the natural worldawaken your senses








wild elegancesurrounded by nature








luna lodge osaecolodge and wellness








rejuvenaterelaxing with nature










luna lodge osa peninsula
costa rican premier ecolodge and wellness destination
osa peninsula costa rica

luna lodge, a premier costa rica ecolodge, is located at the end of the road, overlooking the stunning corcovado national park on the osa peninsula. surrounded by 360 degrees of unspoiled nature, the breathtaking rainforest views from our eco-friendly accommodations create a perfect setting for relaxation and rejuvenation. as a leading costa rica wellness center, luna lodge offers a unique blend of adventure and healing.
whether it is your dream to explore the natural world or feel the healing power of this costa rica wellness destination, this uniquely unforgettable experience is yours to discover.














accommodations












wellness













activities












luna spa











secluded rainforest waterfalls




acres of primary and secondary rainforest at luna lodge




bird species, osa peninsula costa rica





discover the perfect accommodations for your stay on the mesmerizing osa peninsula in costa rica at luna lodge. 
luna lodge, a costa rican premier ecolodge located at the end of the road overlooking corcovado national park on costa rica’s osa peninsula, offers an exceptional costa rica wellness retreat experience. as one of the leading costa rica eco-friendly retreats, luna lodge offers the best of both worlds, ecotourism with wellness.
whether you’re seeking a yoga retreat in costa rica, a nature-based wellness retreat, or a healing retreat, luna lodge provides the perfect environment for relaxation and renewal. our diverse offerings include yoga and meditation retreats, pachamama-inspired spiritual retreats, and costa rica detox retreats, all designed to restore balance and enhance well-being.
for those looking to explore the natural beauty of the osa peninsula or experience a transformative costa rica jungle yoga retreat, luna lodge is an ideal destination for well designed retreats. this osa peninsula wellness retreat invites you to discover the healing power of nature while enjoying the serenity of a true costa rican premier ecolodge. whether you’re interested in hiking corcovado national park, or experience a costa rica spiritual retreat, or enjoying one of our many ecotours, luna lodge is your gateway to an unforgettable journey of self-discovery and exploration.
join those discovering the healing power of the natural world!























a taste of luna lodge, osa peninsula costa rica







luna lodge is a premier costa rican ecolodge situated in the southern part of the country on the pristine and captivating osa peninsula.
this secluded osa peninsula eco lodge is ideal for birding, wildlife photography, exploring the primary rainforest, and venturing into the famous corcovado national park (voted #1 park in the world). bird watchers and nature photographers enjoy being above, below and in the rainforest at this costa rican lodge.
being one of the closest osa peninsula lodges to corcovado national park (one of the largest parks in costa rica that protects almost two-thirds of the peninsula), luna lodge has a birds-eye view of the primary osa peninsula rainforest. this 360-degree view of the natural world allows our guests to experience “the most biologically intense place on earth” (national geographic magazine).
luna lodge is also ‘the osa wellness center and spa’ on the osa peninsula. its location alone has a profound effect on our guests; sleeping high up on the ridges overlooking the warm pacific ocean that bring cool-night breezes; hiking to the secluded waterfalls and swimming in the natural pools; sitting on our yoga platform at night and touching the stars, or just closing your eyes and listen to the nature that surrounds you.
whether leading a yoga or a wellness retreat, practising yoga, or enjoying a therapeutic massage or treatment at the luna spa, the lodge truly is a uniquely unforgettable experience not found elsewhere in costa rica or the world!
luna lodge combines the best of ‘ecotourism‘ and ‘wellness‘ and is committed to protecting, preserving and raising awareness of the rainforest here in costa rica. 
join those discovering the healing power of the natural world at luna lodge, a costa rican wellness center in the heart of the rainforest. 





















our guests say it best…
a profound eco-friendly retreat
“this eco-resort is fantastic whether your primary focus is wildlife, yoga, sustainable travel or just relaxation. the lodge has spectacular staff, food and experiences. the owner, lana, provided a sustainability tour explaining how they generate their power, grow their food etc. including an exciting new biogas project used to capture methane to fuel the stove for her employees. the flora and fauna there are incredible. you can go on amazing guided tours to see it, walk around the property on your own or just sit on the deck in front of the dining area. trails on the property lead to waterfalls and beautiful vantage points. all of the staff including lana and her mom put providing a positive experience at the top of their agenda. we felt so relaxed and healthy the whole time we were there. this profound place will have an impact on you. highly recommended!”





wonderful, peaceful and serene…
wonderful, peaceful, serene…my wife and i stayed a week at luna lodge and thoroughly enjoyed the remote and natural setting. lana has created a paradise on the osa peninsula! the honeymoon bungalow #1 had an awesome view, with beautiful birds and monkeys passing by from time to time. the sounds of nature were everywhere. fresh fruit, delicious meals, and coffee available all day… the pool was clean and refreshing…yoga and spa great…and the self-guided loop hike was lots of fun. we especially enjoyed the corcovado park tour, kayaking in the lagoon, and the night hike. all of the staff were top-notch! my wife became friends with kiki, and the tour guides mow and andres were enthusiastic and knowledgeable!! it was sad to leave – we will definitely return one day! thank you luna lodge!!!
tom l – feb 2025
trip type – couples



just go, best eco-lodge we ever stayed at
this place is miraculously extraordinary and  truly exceptional. the owner lana wedmore is inspiring and you can feel every part of her dream, her love, and her care for details at this ecolodge. she greets all the guests and makes the rounds at dinner checking in with everybody. 
we are a thirty-something couple.  we stayed in bungalow 4, and it’s comfy beds and open-air shower were divine. the meals are fresh, flavorful and always sufficiently filling. breakfast is a few choices like huevos rancheroes and typical costa rican beans, rice and eggs. lunches are plated and satisfying. dinner is a buffet that rotates every night featuring fish, chicken, beef, etc. plus the total eclipse bar makes such a good mojito!
rjt – jan 2025
trip type – couples



magical!
sometimes, just sometimes, reality is even better than a website portrays and this is one of those times. luna lodge is absolutely magically from the people, to the accommodations, to the food, to the excursions and to the exotic oso peninsula. every moment of our week was filled with awe. we stayed in a “glamping” tent which was as comfortable as any hotel room. fresh air, comfortable beds and full bathroom amenities. the tents and bungalows are nicely spaced so you feel like you are in your own little oasis. every meal was exquisitely presented and absolutely delicious and healthy. the lodge is small enough that the staff all know you by name and truly make an effort to be sure your stay is exceptional. gil keeps the restaurant running smoothly and kiki brings every dish with a smile.
kathy – jan 2025
trip type – couples





followfollowfollowfollow



follow us on instagram for specials and retreat announcements





luna lodge, a premier costa rican ecolodge and the osa wellness center and spa





search for:







































there are places in nature where a new way of seeing and being is possible if one allows nature in. 
this is one such place!








awakening your senses
we can show you luna lodge but only you can feel it.

book your stay













costa rica direct:+506 4070-0010





e-mail us:reservations@lunalodge.com





toll free us & canada:1-888-760-0760





whatsapp




 







premier costa rican ecolodge rainforest accommodations
guided tours
ecotours
activities
corcovado national park with luna lodge
your costa rica vacation
luna lodge is powered by water
secluded waterfalls

osa wellness center
osa wellness
luna spa
luna wellness
luna yoga
luna awakening academy
luna healthy tips
whole foods
retreats



osa peninsula, costa rica


bringing the best of ecotourism and wellness together!
 



copyright 2025 | luna lodge | costa rica  































