






james finn garner – best-selling humorist.












































skip to content



 




james finn garner
best-selling humorist.








    menu	
home
books  

politically correct pinocchio
honk honk, my darling
double indignity
the wet nose of danger
politically correct bedtime stories
once upon a more enlightened time
politically correct holiday stories
apocalypse wow
recut madness
tea party fairy tales


bio  

contact


performance  

live performance
inside for indies


gallery  

wearing things…
doing things…
doing other things…
being at things…
foreign edition covers
the worldwide garner army


blog

  scroll down to content












“a master of modern satire”









“james finn garner isn’t a mere writer, he’s a virtuoso, a necromancer, a master of the tour de force!”
– washington post
“a master of modern satire.”
– cleveland plain-dealer
“deep and intelligent in his mockery. one of those works which cleave an author instantly to your heart. [pcbs] is beautiful.”
– the times of london
“hillary and i have been enjoying your politically correct bedtime stories, and we look forward to your future work….i’ve given several copies to others— 
it’s hilarious!”
– president bill clinton









subscribe to my mailing list!


and get yourself a free, autographed “rex koko” poster.
email address: 










blog







posted on november 15, 2021november 15, 2021 
my storied stuff 

my friends steve and sharon fiffer started a marvelous site a year ago called storied stuff, where people show the various precious objects in their lives and share the story. he asked me to write one about baseball, so here are my random thoughts attached to an old autographed pill. to see the post in … 
continue reading “my storied stuff”





posted on march 18, 2021 
my storied stuff 

my friends steve and sharon fiffer started a marvelous site a year ago called storied stuff, where people show the various precious objects in their lives and share the story. he asked me to write one about baseball, so here are my random thoughts attached to an old autographed pill. to see the post in … 
continue reading “my storied stuff”





posted on december 21, 2020december 21, 2020 
doggerel of the plague year 

let’s pause and raise a glass of cheerto the closing of a horrid year (without our loved ones in the room,we’ll have to give our toast on zoom.) headaches and heartbreaks too long to listin our own annus horribilis nor will all be fixed overnightlike switching off the christmas lights. but you would have called … 
continue reading “doggerel of the plague year”













jamesfinngarner.com
rexkoko.com
bardball.com
singlewhitevigilante.com
 

 all contents copyright by james finn garner. all rights reserved, including the right of reproduction in whole or in part in any form.

site built by from concept to completion llc.
 



		proudly powered by wordpress	






 keep in touch for my latest books, appearances and the occasional short comedy piece for  subscribers only.
  

email address: 




leave this field empty if you're human: 








































































































































































