





















ask me 3: good questions for your good health | institute for healthcare improvement











      skip to main content
    














do you have 5 minutes to help improve the ihi website?  





          my ihi
        

          help
        

          donate
        






            english
                          







                  arabic
                



                  english
                



                  french
                



                  portuguese
                



                  spanish
                























































































                improvement areas
                      

toggle submenu













                view all improvement areas
                      discover free resources and tools, learning opportunities to build your knowledge and skills, and ihi leadership and expertise in key topics.












                artificial intelligence
                      






                climate and health
                      






                health equity
                      






                improvement capability
                      






                maternal and infant health
                      






                patient safety
                      






                triple aim and population health
                      






                whole system quality
                      






                workforce safety
                      






                workforce well-being and joy in work
                      













image
 





ihi's work is grounded in improvement science
ihi uses and teaches practical quality improvement methods to enable sustainable changes in all aspects of health and health care.


  
   learn more 
      















                education
                      

toggle submenu













                education overview
                      learn, connect, and grow with numerous ihi educational opportunities, designed with your needs in mind.










                conferences
                      






                training
                      






                fellowship program
                      












                certified professional in patient safety
                      earn your cpps credentials by demonstrating a high level of proficiency in the core patient safety standards.












                ihi open school
                      online courses are an easy and effective way to gain essential training and skills — on your own time, at your pace.










                individual health and health care professionals
                      






                hospitals and health systems
                      






                institutions of higher learning
                      






                students and residents
                      












                education platform login
                      access your online training and courses.













image
 





ihi patient safety congress
march 10–11, 2025: join us for the must-attend event for those who continue to shape ​​smarter, safer care for patients, from the hospital to outpatient settings to the home.​


  
   learn more 
      















                consulting
                      

toggle submenu













                health & health care consulting
                      ihi provides improvement expertise, methods, tools, and best practices to address key health care challenges.










                strategic support
                      






                ihi care operating system
                      






                build improvement capability
                      






                implement whole system quality
                      






                implement results-oriented initiatives
                      


















                who we help
                      ihi partners with health care systems, community-based organizations, philanthropic foundations, governments, industry partners, and policy makers across the globe.













image
 





experience and expertise
ihi’s consulting team partners with you to co-design support and solutions tailored for your specific context and improvement needs, including assessment, strategy, capability-building, and transformation.


  
   learn more 
      















                networks & initiatives
                      

toggle submenu













                networks
                      










                chief quality officer network
                      






                health improvement alliance europe
                      






                leadership alliance
                      






                leadership alliance australia and new zealand
                      


















                initiatives
                      










                age-friendly health systems
                      






                ihi lucian leape institute
                      






                national steering committee for patient safety
                      






                patient safety awareness week
                      






                rise to health coalition
                      






                saving lives after surgery
                      






                the conversation project
                      



















image
 





breaking the rules for better care
how many rules, created with the best of intentions, don’t benefit patients, families, or staff? breaking the rules for better care, an ihi leadership alliance initiative, encourages health systems to identify health care “rules” that get in the way of the care experience.


  
   learn more 
      















                resources
                      

toggle submenu













                view all resources
                      












                how to improve
                      






                insights
                      






                tools
                      






                white papers
                      






                publications
                      













image
 





ihi framework for improving joy in work
with burnout and staff turnover in health care continuing to rise at alarming rates, this white paper describes a framework with nine critical components to improve joy in work and workforce well-being.


  
   learn more 
      















                about
                      

toggle submenu













                about ihi
                      for more than 30 years, ihi has used improvement science to advance and sustain better outcomes in health and health care across the world.












                vision, mission, values
                      






                history
                      






                people
                      






                finances
                      






                news
                      






                careers
                      













image
 





improving health and health care worldwide
ihi brings awareness of safety and quality to millions, catalyzes learning and the systematic improvement of care, develops solutions to previously intractable challenges, and mobilizes health systems, communities, regions, and nations to reduce harm and deaths.


  
   learn more 
      






















































 















breadcrumb




            home
          



            resources
          



            tools
          
















  
   tools 
      

ask me 3: good questions for your good health



ask me 3® is an educational program that encourages patients and families to ask three specific questions of their providers to better understand their health conditions and what they need to do to stay healthy.



  
   jump to downloads 
      



highlights



ask me 3 brochure for patients: includes the 3 questions and guidance on how and when to ask the questions


ask me 3 poster






note: arabic, french, spanish, and portuguese translations also available for download.ask me 3® is an educational program that encourages patients and families to ask three specific questions of their providers to better understand their health conditions and what they need to do to stay healthy.what is my main problem?what do i need to do?why is it important for me to do this?designed by health literacy experts, ask me 3 is intended to help patients become more active members of their health care team, and provide a critical platform to improve communications between patients, families, and health care professionals.complimentary materials and resources availableihi provides, through a non-exclusive, non-transferable license, certain ask me 3 materials and resources for download and distribution free of charge to aid in the promotion of health communication, including health literacy, and increased patient safety.we request that individuals who download and distribute ask me 3 materials and resources, representing themselves or organizations, please abide by the terms and conditions for use of these materials.ask me 3 materials: terms and conditions for usetrademarkask me 3® is a registered trademark licensed to the institute for healthcare improvement. 



  
   patient safety 
      

  
   communication 
      



share


















































download ask me 3®


please provide your information to download the ask me 3® content.                                                                                                              










  
   ask me 3 brochure (english) 
      








  
   ask me 3 brochure (french) 
      








  
   ask me 3 brochure (portuguese) 
      








  
   ask me 3 brochure (spanish) 
      








  
   ask me 3 poster (english) 
      








  
   ask me 3 poster (french) 
      








  
   ask me 3 poster (spanish) 
      








  
   ask me 3 poster (arabic) 
      




* required fields







related resources



  
   tools 
      


                      change packages for alliance for innovation on maternal health (aim) patient safety bundles
                      




  
   tools 
      


                      "what matters to you?" conversation guide for improving joy in work
                      




  
   tools 
      


                      ihi trigger tool for measuring adverse drug events
                      




  
   see more 
      




 





subscribe to hear the latest from ihi.


* required fields
















































































        about
      

        contact
      

        careers
      

        news
      



  
    
      © institute for healthcare improvement. all rights reserved.
  

privacy


privacy


terms of use


accessibility statement



















