





















alg automotive insights & outlook | jdpowervalues










skip to main content





menu







home
main navigation


business solutions


dealers


banks, credit unions and lenders


insurance companies


oems and captive finance


rental fleet companies


investment community


government agencies


farm & outdoor power equipment




analysis and insights


car and light truck market insights


commercial truck market insights


specialty vehicles insights


press releases


podcasts




thought leadership 


alg


customer login


newsroom


product solutions




specialty vehicle solutions


manufactured home solutions


online solutions


print solutions




contact


account representatives


faqs




login


























tomorrow's insights today
alg



customer login































product solutions




newsroom




2024 product roadmap - view now













discover how alg can provide value to your business
with over 50 years of experience forecasting future vehicle values, j.d. power alg delivers accurate residuals that inform approximately 40% of new vehicle launches in north america and nearly all lease transactions in the u.s. market.

through a suite of comprehensive offerings, including interactive software tools, custom reports, consulting and beyond, j.d. power alg enables players across every part of the automotive industry to make smarter, more profitable decisions built on a sound understanding of what vehicles will be worth into the future.​ ​





data



alg analyzes a wide variety of macro, industry, and market factors to create the industry's benchmark depreciation forecasts.








analytics



we dive deeply into the questions that impact your business. we pair industry expertise with data visualizations to strengthen your understanding.








insights



our clients rely on us for data that results in actionable recommendations.















u.s. alg residual value awards
the j.d. power u.s. alg residual values awards are the u.s. automotive industry standard in recognizing vehicle models projected to hold the highest percentage of their manufacturer’s suggested retail price following a three-year period of ownership.


learn more






canada alg residual value awards
like their u.s. equivalents, the j.d. power canada alg residual value awards represent the canadian automotive leasing industry's standard when it comes to recognizing vehicles projected to hold the highest percentage of their manufacturer’s suggested retail price (msrp) after a four-year period for mass market vehicles, and after a three-year period for premium vehicles.


learn more










get tomorrow's insights today
contact an alg representative today to discuss how we can help your business. get in touch with someone today.
sign up to get all our automotive insights - sign up now

if you are an existing alg customer login to your account now.






















main navigation


business solutions


analysis and insights


thought leadership 


alg


specialty vehicle solutions


contact


login




social


twitter


facebook


linkedin


instagram


youtube




by using this site your agree to the terms of service, privacy policy and cookie policy


©2025 j.d.power. all rights reserved











