














department of obstetrics & gynecology » college of medicine » university of florida




































skip to main content





skip to main menu






uf health






      university of florida
      













        department of obstetrics & gynecology
      



          college of medicine
        










make an appointment









open search







open main menu










main navigation




        home
                          - current page











        patient care
                              





show submenu for patient care




patient care overview








        referring physicians
                              





        maternal fetal medicine
                              





        midwifery
                              





        academic specialists in general obstetrics and gynecology
                              





        reproductive medicine
                              





        gynecologic oncology
                              





        urogynecology & reconstructive pelvic surgery
                              





        minimally invasive gynecologic surgery
                              





        outreach
                              







        about us
                              





show submenu for about us




about us overview








        about gainesville
                              





        faculty
                              





        advance practice providers
                              





        staff
                              





        gold humanism honor society
                              





        alpha omega alpha honor society members
                              







        research
                              





show submenu for research




research overview








        research newsletter
                              





        recent faculty publications
                              





        resources
                              







        education
                              





show submenu for education




education overview








        about gainesville
                              





        medical students learning environment
                              





        mfm fellowship program
                              








        how to apply
                              








        curriculum
                              








        faculty and staff
                              








        current fellows
                              








        alumni
                              








        the gainesville community
                              







        residency program
                              








        program director's message
                              








        how to apply
                              








        curriculum
                              








        scholarly activity
                              








        meet our residents
                              








        resident q&a
                              








        salaries and benefits
                              








        health equity
                              








        resident procedure experience
                              








        the gainesville community
                              








        graduates
                              








        resident research day
                              








        resident portal
                              









        media
                              





show submenu for media




media overview








        podcasts
                              







        giving opportunities
                              





        contact us
                              



































                consistently ranked in the top 50 
              


              with over 50,000 patient visits a year in our clinics, almost 3,000 deliveries a year, gynecologic surgery, oncology, and infertility services, we are a very busy and highly successful department.
            











meet our team






patient care






educational programs






obgyn clinical guidelines ( uf credentials required)







department mission: we provide the highest quality, patient-centered care that improves lives across communities to address the full spectrum of health conditions in obstetrics and gynecology, and we further advance women’s health through excellence in research and advocacy. we educate learners at all levels through innovation and evidence-based approaches.


departmental community support



the department of obstetrics and gynecology donated 1,123 pads for the field & fork pantry initiative.  thank you so much to everyone who donated, and thank you to our wellness champions, drs. larzelere and rhoton-vlasak, for their support of this initiative. we know that this will make a huge difference in the lives of the uf community members who rely on field & fork!



    image gallery
  








































momitor






the momitor app is used by clinicians at the university of florida to support pregnant and postpartum patient’s health. to learn more please call (352)-273-7562 or email obgynresearch@ad.ufl.edu
*momitor would like to acknowledge and thank the florida department of health for the funding related to the creation and continuation of momitor.







for more information









welcome to our new 2024 maternal-fetal medicine fellow






residency  news






the department of obstetrics and gynecology is very excited to announce that the acgme has approved our application for a sixth resident with 6 residents per year, we will eventually have a full complement of 24 obgyn residents.
we will recruit six pgy-1s to start in july 2025.
our department has grown tremendously over the last five years and we take care of more patients than ever before. this complement increase will help keep pace with that growth and will allow us to expand into new educational opportunities. 
dr. jessica heft
residency director






urogynecology news



dr. kelly mamelson matched into urogyn fellowship at dartmouth
urogynecology was given an unsolicited $5000 gift from an anonymous grateful patient
dr. cameron mellow is participating in two urogynecology electives this year; global health in rwanda and mayo clinic rochester
dr. weber lebrun was promoted to full professor
dr. weber lebrun graduated from the harvard certificate course entitled “safety, quality, informatics and leadership” and was asked to give a commencement speech.

.





















        department of obstetrics & gynecology
      



          college of medicine
        




utility links



clinical protocols




policies and forms




resources




giving opportunities
















                  physical address
                

                                      po box 100294                                      gainesville, fl 32610-0294                                  

                  phone
                


352-265-8200










                  make a gift
                



giving opportunities







                social media
              






facebook







twitter














university of florida health - home





university of florida - home







log in




website support




sitemap




disclaimer & permitted use




disability services




security policies




uf privacy policy




shands privacy policy




this page uses google analytics (google privacy policy)










      © 2025 university of florida health
    















