













astromart astrology software for internet & pc






astrology softwarefor internet & pc	












astromart astrology software for internet and pc.
free online astrology birth chart.
download astrology software.
new version for pc and linux.
		




this site uses cookies for advertising and functional purposes !
ignore or click "ok" to accept, "reject" to change.































english
deutsch
español
français
italiano
portugues
slovenski
svenska
türkçe







free online astrology


birth chart calculator with interpretation reading and daisy wheel grapic.
find your rising sign!
free birth chart - online natal chart 
 

   love chart based on two birthday charts.  it uses uniquely the dates of birth so it’s simple but fast.
birth chart compatibility - couples love horoscope



a birth chart, also called natal chart or astrological chart, is composed of the positions of the planets at a certain time as viewed from the earth.  the ascendant, or rising sign, indicates the position in the zodiac of the eastern horizon.

horoscope


your daily horoscope, a personal horoscope based on daily transits.
 

create your chart first, the horoscope can be selected in the menu or by clicking on the "horoscope" button.
  


a horoscope is the comparison between the positions of planets in a birth chart and the positions of the planets at a given date, usually the present date.  it looks for aspects between the two charts (inter-aspects), where the aspects are for example in the same position (conjunction), half of the zodiac (opposition), a third of the zodiac (trine), and so on.


astrology software for internet sites


astrology software for internet sites
  

create a site that provides all astrological services, from the most basic with just a birth chart to the most complex with user database, and a variety of functions and graphics.
  

your site has no reference to astromart sites or software: no links or advertising, but you can put ads as you like.
  

the user sees only your pages and has no knowledge of the backend software.
  

this software is used by many of the most visited sites in the usa and in the world.
  

complete international language and character support; it will work in russian, hindi or chinese.
  


you can rent a site on my server, which is fast and easy even for someone with little skill in creating a site.  you can also buy one of the versions of the software to install on your own server, see formulas and prices for more information.


comprehensive astrology sites


these sites incorporate all the functions of conventional astrology software, but online – with the advantage of being available anywhere and at any time, and of course it functions with any sort of device that can surf the web.
 

   chart data is automatically stored in a database with no limite to the number.
 
usage is free for occasional users but a subscription fee is required for regular users
 

among the available functions, there are horoscopes, comparison of charts, prevision, transits, progression, and more.
 

many graphics can be displayed, such as for previsions, transits, aspects, various formats of daisy wheels.
  

there are full sites in english, french, german, spanish, portuguese, swedish and italian, and partial translations in several other languages.
  


these sites are adapted for enthusiasts or professionals.  you can create charts on your tablet or smart phone, and since the charts are stored automatically on the server, you can view them later at home using a mac, windows pc or even linux.  no need to buy software for each computer.


astrology software for pc


astromart calculates astrological charts and includes text analysis files, tables, graphics.
  

verified for all versions of windows from xp to 8.
  

easy, intuitive, user-friendly access to all functions.
  

this program comes with more than 20 different graphics.
  

it provides the following functions: birth charts with tables, interpretations and graphics, horoscopes with specific graphics and texts, love charts with interpretations, transits, love charts, progressions, and sun and moon returns.
  

tables of data also include glyphs.
  

help for each function is integrated into the screen.
  

there are data bases for localities all over the world, countries, states, and time zones.
  

the interface can be switched to any language, thus displaying graphics and texts in that language.  international language and character support (utf8).
  


astromart is free-to-try, meaning that you can download and use the trial version for 30 days, after which you are asked to register for the price of $49 to get a full version.
download now from this link !














please send any comments or bug reports to frank@ceze.com

download astromart astrology software for pc





put astrology software calculations on your site
























home
new astrology |
			astro software |
			gratis horoskop |
			gratis horoscoop |
			astral theme |
			astral horoskop |
			horoscopo astral |
			carta natal |
			tema natale |
			ceze.com

created by frank burns
			creation of internet sites
for entertainment only, the responsible of this site take no responsability for the use of the information displayed.





