


charles the bold : 10th company of the ordonnances (wolfe argent 1471 - 1477










 membership 

     | standards | equestrian 

        | ordonnances | schedule | forum | merchants |

        book store | contact



the company of the wolfe argent is dedicated to portraying the members of

  the second chambre of the third escadre of the tenth company of the ordonnances

  of charles the bold, duke of burgundy, their families, and the support personnel

  of the company. the company is known and represented by its violet standard

  with st. julian the hospitallar at the hoist.1
the company was originally raised in the summer of 1471 by baudouin de lannoy, lord of solre and molenbaix from the county of hainault. baudouin died sometime in the late fall to early winter of 1474, at which time

        jaques galliot (jacobo galetto) was given command from that

        time until january 1476. jean de rubempré was

        the last commander of the tenth company of the ordonnances from january1476

      until the battle of nancy in january 1477.
wolfe argent covers the full length

          of the existence of the first bandes de ordonnance, but for in-depth

          interpretation and the purpose of detailed histories of the members

          we concentrate on the events surrounding the siege of neuss (1474 -

          1475) for interpretive scenarios.
wolfe argent refers to the livery

          badge of the chef de chambre, stephen philpot (a fictional construct

          for the purpose of interpretation based on careers of actual english

          officers in burgundian service) that is worn in addition to burgundian

          livery by his personal retainers that formed the core of the original

          chambre.
wolfe argent does both professional

          historic interpretation - regularly as volunteer staff at the

        armory and museum in worcester, massachusetts, and occasionally at

        other institutions (university of albany, april 2001), in addition to

        more traditional reenactment activities.
suggested reading

1. "in the time of the duke there was made a great standard, with the image

	  of saint george, the guidons and the cornettes for the different parts of

	  the household, the archers of the ducal guard, and for the twenty ordonnance

	  companies; the first standard of the companies had a field of or (gold), with

	  the image of saint sebastien, the motto and the device (a tinderbox in the

	  shape of a crown) of the duke, garnished with fusils, with flames, and the

	  cross of saint andre (andrew - in the shape of two ragged staffs). the 2nd

	  had the image of saint adrien on a field of azure (blue), the 3rd had the

	  image of saint christopher on a field of argent (silver), the 4th saint anthony

	  on a field of rouge (red), the 5th saint nicolas on a field of vert (green),

	  the 6th saint jhon the baptist on a field noir (black), the 7th saint martin,

	  on the colour sanguin (murry or blood red), the 8th saint hubert, on gris

	  (gre), the 9th saint catherine, on blanc (white), the

	  10th saint julien, on violet (purple), the 11th saint margaret, on tenne (orange), the 12th saint

	  avoye, on jeaune (yelloe), the 13th saint andre, on noir and violet (black

	  and purple), the 14th saint etienne, on vert and noir (green and black), the

	  15th saint peter, on rouge and vert (red and green), the 16th saint anne,

	  on bleu and violet (blue and purple), the 17th saint jacques, on bleu and

	  or (blue and gold), the 18th saint magdelaine, on jeaune and bleu (yellow

	  and blue), the 19th saint jerosme, on bleu and arget (blue and silver), the

    20th saint laurent, on blanc and gris (white and grey)." "the scandualous

    chronicle" by jean de troyes.




 membership 

     | standards | equestrian 

        | ordonnances | schedule | forum | merchants |

        book store | contact

© 1998 - 2011, the company of the wolfe argent.

        all rights reserved.




