




	unicor home page






































an official website of the united states government.
here’s how you know









official websites use .gov
                                            a .gov website belongs to an official government organization in the united states.
                                        










secure .gov websites use https
                                            a lock (

lock
a locked padlock) or https:// means you’ve safely connected to the .gov website. share sensitive information only on official, secure websites.
                                        






















main menu




 about  about unicor unicor news unicor publications unicor history the fpi program factory locations procurement training    products  all products unicor schedule of products apparel & accessories bath and hygiene electronics eyewear and optics facilities & correctional management food services industrial storage office furniture mattresses & bedding print and bindery signage    services  all services unicor schedule of services call center solutions data services distribution & warehousing electronics recycling laundry services office space planning printing and bindery training range solutions vehicular upfit    doing business with us  business opportunities federal govt. customers commercial customers state, local, non-profit customers our manufacturing/service capabilities factory locations selling to unicor           fbop store      federal stores  general store license plate store us marshals store us air force store  

checkout



order status
help / customer service
search 



0


sign in / register


















1
2
3
4








life skills that change lives

                                            unicor, through the sale of products and services, helps offenders learn the skills
                                        necessary to transition from prison to law-abiding, contributing members of
                                        society.
                                   
                                        

learn how we do it
                                        








fully loaded

                                            take advantage of the most comprehensive vehicle upfit, remanufacturing and fleet services out there.
                                   
                                        

explore fleet services
                                        








if you can think it, chances are we can make it.

                                            explore unicor's extensive prototyping and custom manufacturing capabilities.
                                   
                                        

customization opportunities
                                        








the proof is in the pie

                                            commercial companies might be eligible to work with unicor through the prison industry enhancement certification program (piecp), also known as the pie program.
                                   
                                        


















let’s get started



                                unicor carries thousands of diverse products and services in over 80 supply classes, produced at dozens of factories strategically located across the u.s.
                           
                            





federal government customers


                                        federal government buyers should start here for information on thousands of unicor products and services.
                                   
                                    

click here to begin






private sector


                                        private sector companies have a variety of ways to utilize our labor force to manufacture their own products, or purchase directly from unicor.
                                   
                                    

click here to learn more






state/local governments, and non-profits


                                        unicor now has a wide range of authority to work with these entities.
                                   
                                    

click here to get started













products
our product catalogs & store

                                more than 1000 products and services in over 80 supply classes. explore the range of unicor’s products.
                       
                            


view our business catalogs


start shopping now











our services

                            for more than 30 years, unicor has offered a wide range of
                            quality services, including:
                       
                        







vehicle upfit,
                                    re-manufacturing, and fleet services

                                    a wide range of vehicular modifications, upfits, and 'de-retro'
                                    services for military and federal government.
                               
                                





interagency solutions

                                    design, procurement, funding and billing, project management,
                                    logistics
                                    support, and more.
                               
                                





distribution, logistics and
                                    warehousing

                                    distribution and fulfilment services including direct mail
                                    services,
                                    assembly,
                                    packing and sorting, warehousing management, and more.
                               
                                





computer aided design

                                    2-dimensional plans, 3-dimensional models, and more for the
                                    manufacturing and construction industries.
                               
                                





electronics recycling

                                    convenient and responsible electronics disposal and r2
                                    compliancy.
                               
                                





custom signage

                                    tailormade interior and exterior modular and custom signage, sized
                                    to
                                    exact specifications.
                               
                                





screenprinting &
                                    embroidery

                                    emblems, logos, or slogans expertly screen-printed or embroidered
                                    on an
                                    assortment of apparel.
                               
                                





inbound & outbound call
                                    center solutions

                                    comprehensive call center support at highly competitive rates right
                                    here in the u.s.
                               
                                





office furniture design &
                                    space planning

                                    our local representatives can provide design and planning services
                                    from among our many furniture lines from concept to installation.
                               
                                







view all services










custom manufacturing capabilities

                                unicor provides comprehensive prototyping and customization services
                                at a range of institutions nationwide.
                           
                            

explore our capabilities













about
our mission

                            protect society and reduce crime by preparing inmates with job training and practical work skills for
                            reentry success.
                       
                        

learn about unicor





unicor by the numbers







87
years established


17,000+
products & services


12,000
skilled workers


1m+
square feet of manufacturing space









what they're saying





1
2
3






"u.s. customs and border protection (cbp) has found the unicor federal prison industries to be an outstanding business associate. they understand the cbp mission and continue to provide support above and beyond enabling cbp to protect our nation."

paul d. tanner, cffs
                                            operations chief
                                            u.s. customs and border protection
                                        






                                            "unicor is staffed with experts in manufacturing, government procurement regulations and have state-of-the-art facilities. unicor staff are easy to work with and assisted us in meeting our facilities, staffing and procurement needs. pj woodlands highly recommends unicor to companies that have complex manufacturing needs."
                                   
                                        

tony j. burger
                                            chief executive officer, pj woodlands llc
                                            albuquerque, nm
                                   
                                        






                                            "through project initiation, design, quoting, contracting and ordering, manufacturing, instillation, and punch completion, with unicor, we always know our program is in good hands."
                                   
                                        

tony j. burger
                                            chief executive officer, pj woodlands llc
                                            albuquerque, nm
                                   
                                        


















                      contact us become a vendor newsroom     warranties shipping & delivery disclaimer            doj legal policies foia terms & conditions accessibility privacy sitemap   corporate governance & public participation 2024 unicor statement of compliance with ndaa section 889      





            you have been inactive for 80 minutes.  your session and any unsaved actions (e.g. shopping cart) will expire after another 10 minutes of inactivity.
            





                         
						
                    







                the unicor website is provided so that you may review general information about
					the products and services we offer; look up operations procedures, policies and
					other directives; and initiate on-line transactions, inquiries and research through
					unicor and/or its contract suppliers.
            

                you are now leaving the unicor website. because it is an externally linked web site,
					we are unable to validate or exercise control over the accuracy, copyright/trademark
					compliance or legality of material available through this server.
            













ok
cancel

















