







committed to re-establishing vigorous populations of pollinators in ohio




















































 

















committed to re-establishing vigorous populations of pollinators in ohio




menu



about
contact
events
partners
videos
volunteer













july 21, 2017 by stephen barrett
new pollinator habitat in east dayton
      yesterday, we visited mission of mary cooperative.  mmc is an urban farming cooperative in the twin towers neighborhood of east dayton.  through a grant from the levin family foundation, and under the guidance of dwight wells (a propolis projects partner), mission of mary has created a beautiful new pollinator garden and bee habitat in east dayton. to learn more about the amazing work mission of mary is doing on the east side, visit their website.  interested in installing a pollinator garden at your nonprofit?  visit the grant page on the levin family…




june 22, 2017 by stephen barrett
wpafb receives “bee city usa” designation
wright patterson air force base received the "bee city usa" designation yesterday. wpafb is the 48th "bee city" in the us, and the first military installation to be given this designation. propolis projects founder karen levin, is pictured above with her son on base. to learn more about the event, read this dayton daily news article. to learn how your city or campus can become a "bee city", and just what being a bee city is all about, visit their website.




may 31, 2017may 31, 2017 by stephen barrett
no more guessing
no more guessing (click here to view original article) by dwight wells modern agriculture of all types of uses data obtained from sophisticated technology year round to augment traditional practices and increase their success. now, beekeepers finally have technology available to assist in their beekeeping practices as they work to sustain the bee population. the broodminder weight, temperature, and humidity sensors enable beekeepers to make decisions to help them act to keep their honey bee colonies healthy, productive, and alive. beginning in october of 2016, several members of the west central ohio beekeepers association installed…




may 31, 2017may 31, 2017 by stephen barrett
gmo soybean yield increases with honey bee visits
gmo soybean yield increases from honey bee visits this is the first report showing that using honeybee (apis mellifera) and wild pollinators complementary pollination can enhance soybean productivity (glycine max). current industrial production of soybean involves autopollination and high loads of pesticides. therefore, growers have neglected possible biotic pollination despite suggestions that soybean benefit from insect pollinators. reports advocating possible biotic pollination are based on experiments where bees are caged with flowering plants and the absence of pesticides, thus not in field conditions. therefore, here we compared in field conditions soybean yield produced (1) independently…




september 8, 2016september 8, 2016 by propolis projects
5th and williams food forest update
the food forest at the corner of west 5th street and south williams street in dayton has done quite a lot of growing up! the sunflowers are in full bloom and the vegetables and fruits in the garden boxes are rather monstrous .




august 29, 2016august 29, 2016 by stephen barrett
don’t bee afraid! honeyfest saturday, sept. 10th
this post originally appeared in contact with kettering community magazine fall 2016 research has shown that the bee population has declined significantly since 2008 due to habitat loss, reduced food sources, pesticides, climate change, and bee diseases. but why should the average consumer care about an insect that is commonly feared and thought of as a nuisance? bees are pollinators--insects that cause plants to make fruit or seeds. they assist plants in reproducing by carrying pollen from flower to flower. many crops are dependent on pollinators including pumpkins, watermelons, pears, peaches, plums, apples, and blueberries.…




june 21, 2016 by stephen barrett
countryside park’s new pollinator garden
with financial support provided by the levin family foundation, a new pollinator garden has been installed in countryside park on the washington township recreation campus. included in the design are seventeen varieties of native plants, three butterfly houses, a bench, and stepping stones. the pollinator garden is located along the northwest edge of countryside park which runs behind rec west, the recreation center and east of the rec center. pollinator gardens help restore and maintain abundant and healthy populations of butterflies and bees that are essential to pollination. why are pollinators so crucial for human…




june 15, 2016june 15, 2016 by stephen barrett
37 million bees found dead after planting large gmo corn field treated with neonicotinoid class of pesticides
37 million bees found dead after planting large gmo corn field treated with neonicotinoid class of pesticides originally posted by green food magazine on march 22, 2016 millions of bees dropped dead after gmo corn was planted few weeks ago in ontario, canada. the local bee keeper, dave schuit who produces honey in elmwood lost about 37 million bees which are about 600 hives. “once the corn started to get planted our bees died by the millions,” schuit said. while many bee keepers blame neonicotinoids, or “neonics.” for colony collapse of bees and many countries…




june 14, 2016 by stephen barrett
upcoming community events
follow this link to check out these upcoming events in your local dayton community! pollinator workshop at brukner nature center on june 18th pollinator honey and bee festival at whole foods dayton on june 25th




january 13, 2016may 27, 2016 by propolis projects
important article about beekeepers’ grief after losing colonies
plain talk about varroa infestation and honey bee colony death





posts navigation

1
2
 



 propolis project is committed to re-establishing vigorous populations of pollinators in ohio


search for:




like us on facebook! 

like us on facebook!


contact us 


levin family foundation7812 mcewen rd.dayton, oh 45459937-223-1669  recent posts 

new pollinator habitat in east dayton


wpafb receives “bee city usa” designation


no more guessing


 categories 
awareness

global advances

projects

uncategorized


 






check out our facebook page!
propolis projects

















		© 2025 
all rights reserved · 
		powered by wordpress · theme by dinevthemes 












































