






bmw car club of america | heart of dixie chapter

































facebook




instagram


 












about

board and staff
bylaws


events

events
high performance driver’s education
autocross
street survival
hpde forms


news
photo gallery
join the club
contact
 





select page


  
 



 



 










welcome to the heart of dixie chapter
bmw car club of america















upcoming events




there are no upcoming events at this time.





































we’re going places. join us
every month, chapter members and friends from all over alabama share the passion we each have for our bmws. whether you have just bought your first bmw or drive your prized classic, everyone is welcome. we have monthly organized events including spirited drives to interesting places around alabama and southern tennessee, social activities and track-based driving events. our 600+ strong members are of all ages with diverse backgrounds and interests – you’ll fit right in!
take a few minutes to look around our website for our upcoming events and previous activities, then consider joining us for all the fun. you’ll be glad you did.
check out what we’re doing next and make plans to join us!

get involved





chapter news




bankhead national forrest fun run

march kicked off our regular series of monthly events. our first fun run of the year found 30 members driving from cullman,...
read more



2023 hod kick off party

our annual hod kick-off party for 2023 was held in early february at bmw of birmingham. backdropped by a m3 competition...
read more


 
bmw news











heart of dixie chapter sponsors













































want to join the club?
great! a membership to the bmw car club of america has numerous benefits. members have access to member-only discounts on hotels, car rentals, parts, rebates on new or cpo bmw vehicle purchases, access to national events and the monthly roudel magazine to name a few. click to join today – it only takes a few minutes.

followfollow



get involved



 









copyright © 2021 bmw car club of america. privacy policy



 


































