



free software and source code | feed your brain | rohitab.com




































skip to content
skip to menu




rohitab.com
…feed your brain 


search







home
api monitor
articles
downloads
contact us
my résumé
forums










api monitor 2.0 (32-bit/64-bit) – more information


api monitor is a software that lets you monitor and control api calls made by applications and services. its a powerful tool for seeing how windows and other applications work or tracking down problems that you have in your own applications. 32-bit and 64-bit alpha versions are now available for download.

current version supports 15,000+ api’s, 1,800+ com interfaces, breakpoints, memory editor and decoding of structures, unions, arrays, enumerated data types and flags.




 latest irc chat – join using irc client or web client




february 16, 2025 – chat in #rohitab (users active: 0, idle: 2) 00:00 — sun feb 16 2025 





 latest forum posts – browse forum



[c/c++] reverse engineering tutorial for newbies——————————————————— —===> reverse engineering tutorial for beginners more in depthiv. finding memory addresses (ollydbg)v. how 'jump patching' work … changing compression attribute on ntfs partition without compressing the file?recently one of my ntfs partition became unreadable. i recovered the files using a software which actually created a dump of every file. so, the software made a bit by bit copy of every file – whether … pe infection in pure chello everybody,   i started a few days ago with the intention of creating a pe infector, but wherever i tried to search i always found pieces of code in asm, particularly the payload would be in asm. … custom api definitions not workingi've been monitoring an executable which uses a 3rd party dll and i can see the function names in the summary window.   if i create a custom xml definitions file for the dll and specify only one  … win32 – increased cpu usage when using multiple buffersfirst post here. can someone take a look at my code? i have created a bunch of sine distortion graphic effects, but i've noticed that the two effects which distort the x and y axis at the same ti … 








leave a reply

click here to cancel reply.

you must be logged in to post a comment. login now.








cgi scripts
	
cgi-telnet
trãnslìngö


community
	
discussion forums
irc chat
pastebin


software
	
api monitor
boss!
freevoice
password decrypter


source codes
	
blackbat virus
seh in assembly
shadow virus


 forum posts[c/c++] reverse engineering tutorial for newbieschanging compression attribute on ntfs partition without compressing the file?pe infection in pure ccustom api definitions not workingwin32 - increased cpu usage when using multiple bufferswireless wep key crackinga small gfx engine with fireworks





back to top
© 2000-2012 rohitab batra. all rights reserved.










