



	physician's choice



















 





home


about


services


testimonials






 contact us












medical billing   services
providing every client with the attention they deserve. read more







ar recovery  services
for your business
get rid of any accounting issues with our team’s assistance.read more







medical coding  services
industry for over 20 years
our company provides various financial services including insurance, wealth management, tax consulting etc.read more



      













medical billing services
we offer a full range of comprehensive accounting services to companies throughout the us and european countries.







medical coding services
this service allows you to submit and view your tax returns and receive instant notification of the return receipt.







ar recovery services
our company provides various financial services including insurance, wealth management, tax consulting etc.










need help now?
 we are a professional medical billing service that offers physicians the opportunity to increase revenue by outsourcing the hassle of billing, giving providers more time and flexibility to care for their patients. make an appointment








 


hipaa
compliance
we guarantee hipaa-compliant software and adhere strictly to confidentiality. our staff has quarterly hipaa meetings to discuss the importance of security and the fast changing health care industry. we have zero tolerance for any breach of confidentiality. our server is monitored and protected with the most up to date firewall, insuring that no confidential information will be shared. hipaa only provides general security guidelines that are specific to health care providers. physician's choice is focused on being more than simply compliant. we are inherently compliant through being fundamentally secure. the challenges of data security are daunting. access to health care records can come from any number of places. we take security seriously and have never had a security breach.




security
the entire workforce is trained on privacy, security, and confidentiality. 24 x 7 security personnel manning our office.





protection
firewalls and antivirus software on all the computers are updated daily





confidentiality
all our employees must sign a confidentiality and non-disclosure agreement











  
satisfied clients 



  
team members 



  
successful cases 



  
satisfaction rate












our mission
our mission is to provide accounting of a superior quality. the responsive, personal attention we ovide for each client, regardless how large or small, is the key to our approach.

 
providing high-quality accounting

 
sharing professional experience

 
offering full support to all our clients











services
we can help! physician's choice provides billing services to medical professionals we know it can seem risky to hire an outside billing service. but, once you see our results and our dedication, you'll know you did the right thing.






hospital rcm
hospital rcm stands for hospital revenue cycle management. it refers to the process of managing the financial aspects of a hospital or healthcare facility, including the identification, collection, and optimization of revenue throughout the patient care cycle.





medical billing
it includes handling of billing processes for both professional services (physicians) and institutional services (hospitals). this comprises coding, charge capture, claims submission, and follow-up on claims.





medical coding
accurate and compliant medical coding is crucial for proper billing and reimbursement. medbillmaster provides coding services which ensure that diagnoses, procedures, and services are appropriately coded for billing purposes.





denial management
we manage accounts receivable by monitoring outstanding payments, following up on unpaid claims, and implementing effective denial management strategies to minimize claim denials and improve revenue collection.





analytics and reporting
we utilize healthcare analytics to analyze and interpret data related to revenue cycle management, identifying areas for improvement, optimizing performance, and making informed decisions.





docuhub
manage your documents digitally with our hipaa compliant storage solution





electronic health records
ehrs may include a range of data, including demographics, medical history, medication and allergies, immunization status, laboratory test results, radiology images.





practice management
practice management involves managing administrative tasks such as patient registration, scheduling, tracking, accounting, and reporting.













testimonials
what our clients are saying?





  
                  "during this time of poor reimbursement and frequent claim denial, physician's choice came to my assistance. with ann and her helpful staff we were able to lower our accounts receivable and come out of a dubious year with positive numbers, to my amazement and appreciation. i can recommend physician's choice as a billing service without hesitation."  
glenn volyn, md
ceo & founder





  
                  "the people at physician's choice always do their best to get the greatest benefit for both clients and doctors. they are exceptional people to work with. the do their jobs better than any billing company i have ever been involved with. thank you physician's choice!" 
shann ferch, ph.d.
designer






















frequently asked questions
get detailed answers to your questions about medical billing in the u.s. this medical billing faq answers all the questions on the subject including medical coding eligibility and requirements.




 how to choose medical billing services near me? 


                                       for healthcare entities considering medical billing outsourcing, it is important to choose an experienced medical billing company that can provide error-free billing and coding services for their specific specialty. finding the right partner near you is often a challenge. so, what are the factors to consider when selecting one? 
check the company’s reputation
look for the firm’s experience. the more experienced the medical billing company you choose, the better they will be at providing satisfactory services. also, check the firm’s track record and ensure they have a good reputation in the industry.
evaluate their knowledge of healthcare regulations
check whether the staff is provided regular training and whether they are up to date with current coding/billing standards. make sure that the team is well-versed in the latest versions of icd -10 and icd-11 medical codes and related regulations.
ensure that they are hipaa-compliant
make sure that the company adheres to the health insurance portability and accountability act (hipaa) guidelines, and that they are providing strict guidelines to their staff to protect confidential patient data.
discuss charges upfront
have a clear idea of the cost of their services before you sign up. reliable companies will not have any hidden charges and they will be open to discussion as well. also, they may provide discounts on large volume billing requirements. but make sure to prioritize quality service than cost.
reliable medical billing and coding companies can also assist healthcare providers with denial management.



 what are the benefits to outsourcing my medical billing needs? 

that’s an easy one.

we are medical billing experts. we know the industry inside and out and we are always up to date on the latest changes in coding, as well as the rules and regulations from varying carriers.
not only do we have extensive education and training in medical billing, we also have staff working around the clock, helping you get your cash faster.
when you outsource your medical billing needs to us, you no longer have to worry about all of the overhead costs associated with hiring your own medical billing staff (benefits, salary, continued training, etc.).
get rid of those hr headaches. no more worries about managing billing staff salary, payrolls, benefits, vacations, sick days, etc.
repurpose billing personnel administrative space into revenue generating space/rooms.
our services are billed as a percentage of what we collect, assuring we will do everything possible to maximize payment and minimize a/r days.




 what can i expect as your client? 

once you have signed on as a client, your practice will be given a dedicated account executive. this person is your primary contact should any questions or concerns arise. you can relax knowing that we have taken on the burden of the medical billing process so you can focus on your patient care. your account executive will also make in-person visits to ensure your front-end staff is following all protocols correctly for maximum efficiency, and we will notify you immediately when any changes arise. our medical billing services are done on a percentage basis, so you can be assured that we will do everything possible to get you maximum payments for your claims.



 do you stay in compliance with all of the billing regulations? 

we always work within the regulations and guidelines laid out by the office of the inspector general in the compliance program guidance for third party medical billing companies. whether we are working with insurance carriers, patients, or you, we strictly adhere to the legal and ethical standards of medical billing.



 what makes physician's choice medical billing unique? 

it’s true that there are a lot of medical billing companies out there, but none of them are quite like physician's choice medical billing. for one, we are owned and operated by people who have been in the trenches as business managers of healthcare facilities. this provides the company with an insight into the methods needed for maximum efficiency, and our level of talent is simply unparalleled in the industry. additionally, we take a proactive approach to medical billing, performing regular audits to catch errors before they become an issue. it’s also worth noting that we are a private company, so there are no stockholders controlling our operations—we only have to worry about keeping our clients happy.



 do you help negotiate contracts with our managed care clients? 


                                 not only do we help with the negotiation, it is one of our specialties. we know that your contract plays a substantial role in your profits, and we have the experience and know how to get you the absolute best rates. we can either assist you at the negotiating table or we can serve as your representative—either way, we will get you what you deserve. 



 can you help with physician credentialing? 


                                absolutely. we understand how time consuming the process of credentialing can be, so we are here to help in whatever way we can. whether that entails filling out paperwork or following up on your applications, we make the credentialing process easy. 











contact










 
our address
2310 n. molter rd, ste 107 liberty lake, wa 99019



 
email us
info@example.com



 
call us
509-926-1770


















 
               2310 n. molter rd, ste 107 liberty lake, wa 99019 phone: 509-926-1770 email: info@example.com 



useful links


 home


 about us


 services


 testimonials


 contact us




our services


 hospital rcm


 medical billing


 medical coding


 denial management


 analytics and reporting




follow us
     






 
                    © copyright physician's choice. all rights reserved
                
 
                                      
                    designed by 






 













