







solar resource data and tools | grid modernization | nrel


































skip to main content













toggle search







search nrel.gov

search















grid modernization



menu




research 

research 
renewable energy integration
grid technologies & systems
planning for reliable operations
power systems design & studies
power systems operations & control
security & resilience
sensing & predictive analytics


staff
publications
data & tools 

data & tools 
grid data & tools
powered by webinar series
solar integration data & tools
wind integration data & tools


facilities
work with us










 » grid modernization » solar resource data and tools
               







solar resource data and tools
nrel provides solar resource data and tools to help energy system designers, building
                  architects and engineers, renewable energy analysts, and others accelerate the integration
                  of solar technologies on the grid.
               



                           near real-time data sets
                           


baseline measurement system
offers live solar radiation data from approximately 70 instruments on nrel's campus
                              and historical measurements dating to 1981.
                           
measurement and instrumentation data center
provides irradiance and meteorological data from stations throughout the united states.





                           regularly updated data sets
                           


national solar radiation database
offers a serially complete collection of meteorological and solar irradiance data
                              sets for the united states and a growing list of international locations.
                           





                           historical data sets
                           


circumsolar radiation data: the lawrence berkeley national laboratory reduced data
                                 base
provides detailed intensity profiles of the solar and circumsolar region, direct normal
                              radiation data, and total hemispherical solar radiation data for 11 u.s. locations
                              from 1976 to 1981.
                           
cooperative networks for renewable resource measurements solar energy resource data
provides solar radiation and wind measurement data for select u.s. locations.
historically black colleges and universities solar radiation monitoring network
provides five-minute measurements of solar irradiance for six stations in the southeastern
                              united states from 1985 to 1996.
                           
national aeronautics and space administration remote sensing validation data: saudi
                                 arabia
offers high-quality solar radiation monitoring data from a network of 12 stations
                              in saudi arabia from 1995 to 2001.
                           
national oceanic and atmospheric administration solar data
provides archived solar radiation information from a network of 39 stations throughout
                              the united states.
                           
solar energy meteorological research and training sites data set
provides solar resource data for five sites across the united states for dates ranging
                              from 1979 to 1984.
                           
solar resource variability data
demonstrates the variability in both time and space of the solar resource across the
                              united states.
                           
solar spectra
provides integrated standard spectral irradiance data for the united states from a
                              variety of sources.
                           
spectral solar radiation data base
provides spectral solar radiation data for several u.s. sites for 1986–1988.
west associates solar monitoring network
provides solar resource data for 52 stations in six western u.s. states for 1976–1980.





                           models and tools
                           


bird clear sky model
estimates clear sky direct beam, hemispherical diffuse, and total hemispherical solar
                              radiation for horizontal planes.
                           
bird simple spectral model
computes clear sky spectral direct beam, hemispherical diffuse, and hemispherical
                              total irradiances on tilted or horizontal planes.
                           
disc model
estimates direct beam irradiance from user-supplied hourly average measured global
                              horizontal data.
                           
simple model of the atmospheric radiative transfer of sunshine (smarts)
computes clear sky spectral irradiances for a set of user-specified atmospheric conditions.
solar and moon position algorithm (sampa)
calculates the sun and moon position with very low uncertainty based on location,
                              date, and time inputs for the years -2000–6000.
                           
solar position algorithm (spa)
calculates the solar position with very low uncertainty based on location, date, and
                              time inputs for the years -2000–6000.
                           
solar position and intensity (solpos)
calculates the solar position and intensity based on location, date, and time inputs
                              for the years 1950–2050.
                           





                           publications
                           


quality assessment with seri qc
provides a quality-control method for global horizontal, diffuse horizontal, and direct
                              normal solar radiation data.
                           
seri standard broadband format: a solar and meteorological data archive format, nrel technical report (1988)
                           
describes a tape archival format appropriate for use with research-level solar radiation
                              data.
                           
solar resource glossary
defines solar radiation resource terms found in the data and tools collection.










renewable energy integration
grid technologies & systems

impedance measurement
advanced power electronics & smart inverters
generation & storage models
microgrids
grid simulation & power hardware-in-the-loop
protection
black start
standards & codes


planning for reliable operations
power systems design & studies

integrated energy systems
transient & dynamic stability analysis
distribution planning
transmission planning
power market design & modeling


power systems operations & controls

artificial intelligence
home & building energy management systems
microgrid controls
distributed optimization & control
advanced distribution management systems
autonomous energy systems
control room of the future
distributed energy resource management systems


security & resilience
sensing & predictive analytics

solar measurement & modeling
wind sensing & modeling
solar & wind forecasting
load modeling & forecasting
state estimation & forecasting
dynamic state estimation
dynamic reserves & flexibility estimation
stability assessment and control





grid data & tools
powered by webinar series
solar integration data & tools

solar power data for integration studies
solar integration national dataset toolkit
solar resource data & tools


wind integration data & tools

eastern & western data sets
wind integration national dataset toolkit













share
















 







national renewable energy laboratory



about
research
partner with us
news
careers









contact us
visit
subscribe to nrel















accessibility
disclaimer
security and privacy
site feedback


content editors
developers
employees











the national renewable energy laboratory is a national laboratory of the u.s. department of energy, office of energy efficiency and renewable energy, operated by the alliance for sustainable energy llc.










grid modernization delivered to your inbox

×



subscribe to nrel's energy systems integration newsletter to receive regular updates on what's happening in grid modernization research at nrel and around the world. see an example before you sign up.


email address






your personal data will only be used for as long as you are subscribed. for more information, review the nrel security and privacy policy. 


















content editors


