













home - gym quest gymnastics





























































  


 
 


skip to content


































 (804) 262-9400












 parent portal |  enroll now





































 (804) 262-9400






 parent portal |  enroll now






































 
homeclassesteamother servicesabout us faqscontact us








 









 





where children grow... stronger!

























































popular programs






















classes



take a look at our classes to find the perfect one for your athlete. 



learn more





















other services



go beyond classes and see what else we have to offer. 



learn more





















team gymnastics



join our gymnastics team to compete in meets across the country! 



learn more


























we are gym quest

we believe that every athlete deserves a chance to excel while having fun, regardless of age, skill level, or ability. we don't pressure kids to join a competitive team—instead, we foster a love of gymnastics itself.
we offer classes for everyone from preschoolers to high-level competitive gymnasts, as well as specially designed classes for kids with physical or mental abilities so they can develop confidence as well as physical and mental strength. we are safety certified and safe sport certified, ensuring that every child is safe in every class, at every age.






we are gym quest

we believe that every athlete deserves a chance to excel while having fun, regardless of age, skill level, or ability. we don't pressure kids to join a competitive team—instead, we foster a love of gymnastics itself.
we offer classes for everyone from preschoolers to high-level competitive gymnasts, as well as specially designed classes for kids with physical or mental abilities so they can develop confidence as well as physical and mental strength. we are safety certified and safe sport certified, ensuring that every child is safe in every class, at every age.










enroll online












contact us













you never know what you can do until you try!
our founder coach doug had the honor of running the olympic torch for the 2002 winter olympics after recovering from a devastating disease. he of all people knows what it means to "light the fire within," and it's so much more than just winning.
you don't need to be an olympic athlete to reach inside and light your own fire within. gymnastics trains us to be ready for anything life throws our way. it builds our physical and mental strength, focus, determination, self-confidence, and organization.
click here to read more of coach doug's olympics story, and call us today to embark on your gym quest with us!







call today






























gym quest gymnastics4.9based on 24 reviewspowered by googlereview us ondawn junius11:20 10 may 23my daughter is taking classes at gym quest and she loves it!sarah crown benbouzid23:31 26 jun 22i cannot recommend this gym enough. the ratio of coaches to athletes is better than any other. they help the wandering little gymnasts and make it fun; give constructive critique to the older kids while challenging them at the same time. my daughters leave feeling more powerful after each session. thank you to coach doug and coach colleen and the rest of the team.  we are so very thankful for your support.jeremy lawrence13:53 15 jan 22my 3 year expressed some interest in doing gymnastics and so we decided to try gym quest.the facilities are really well stocked and the staff is amazing. they are awesome with the kids, really able to keep them at least mostly doing what they should be. they're so friendly, and while it's not an overly demanding class, it really teaches them to follow instruction and some foundational skills. the fun activities like the parachute and bounce houses really engage the younger kids and give them a good little workout at the same time.i'm very happy we tried it out and i imagine we'll keep going for a long time to come.forrest mitchell17:41 12 oct 19we were told about this gym from a friend. we originally chose to start going to them due to how close it is from home. it's under 10 minutes from wyndham. it was a little hard to find at first, but once you've been there once, you know where you're going.we continue to choose this gym due to their excellent coaching, positive attitudes and how much fun our girls have when they are there. i also like it because they are building a solid foundation for my girls if they ever decide to do competitive gymnastics, though there is no pressure, from us or the coaches, to follow this path. they are also able to give a lot of personalized attention to each girl.overall, i would highly recommend checking them out.chloe parrish20:29 05 mar 17i went there just for the open gym today and the coaching staff are incredibly motivational and super nice. i definitely recommend gym quest for people looking for a place. this place has track, cheerleading, gymnastics, ariel, and much more i love gym quest. i'm definitely going to sign up!.! 



























 


















gym quest gymnastics
2196 lanier ln,
rockville, va 23146









office hours
monday: 3pm – 8:30pm
tuesday: 8:30am - 8:30pm
wednesday: 3pm - 8:30pm
thursday: 4pm - 8:30pm
friday: 4pm - 8:30pm
saturday: 9am - 1:45pm
















(804) 262-9400















parent portal 












crafted with  by the creatively disruptive team









 





























