ï»¿



































the miami hurricane - university of miami student newspaper








college publisher network


join the college publisher network
advertise across the network
view network affiliates
localprobook
4 point inspection florida











select your search method
search


 search this paper
 search web








music
jobs
top national college news
money













  



miami hurricane
search the hurricane

















browse the archives

home
news
sports
insight
blogs

home page
bunch's big blog
you're so vain
the cineblog
nick james, bitch!
stein on the sidelines
the university news

options

search
archives
login / register
letter to the editor
event submissions
message board
classifieds
dear v
multimedia
podcasts
syndication


about

who we are
the staff
employment
advertising
distribution locations
letter policy
corrections policy


contact

the newsroom
staff contact list
feedback
event submissions
dear v


register






quick links: multimedia // 
umtv //
podcasts // 
speak up // 
twitter // 
rss feed
the following articles make up the 'first impression,' the introductory publication to freshman and transfers of the university of miami. the miami hurricane will resume publication on aug. 25.








get oriented with orientation 2008
students, parents become involved with getting to know the university

by najwa-monique sharpe // contributing news writer 
warm lights and a sea of smiling faces calm the nerves of the university of miami's incoming freshman class. as they enter a large arena, where they will later cheer on the canes at basketball games with a brand new group of friends, everything seems to fall into place.…

post the first comment | 
read more







2008 football preview
canes look to take recruiting success onto the field

by pravin patel // sports editor 
coming off a 5-7 season, where the hurricanes missed out on their first bowl game in 10 years, the hurricanes look to take recent recruiting success and turn it into on-the-field wins. after a disappointing first season under head coach randy shannon, the canes will look to their young arrivals to step in and contribute right away.…

post the first comment | 
read more







the rat's farewell tour
get the most out of the last semester

by dan buyanovsky // insight editor 
the university of miami is all about traditions. keeping up with the old school feel of um while creating the new is essential to being a new cane, and going to the quarter-century old rathskeller during its final semester is certainly a must. the rathskeller, simply called the "rat" by students and professors alike, has been a hub for good food and fun times for the last twenty-five years.…

post the first comment | 
read more



featured stories
news

a letter from university president donna e. shalala
a letter from vice president for student affairs patricia a. whitely
a letter from student government president brandon gross
foundation being laid for the next decade at um
the wellness center: health oasis on campus

sports

off to omaha
signing day recap
you better believe!
canes cruise with dews
the vallverdus
um's top 10
sophomores win titles, revive diving legacy

insight

do you really need a car in miami?
the grove vs. sunset place
comparison piece on south beach vs. key biscayne
eclectic beaux arts festival draws many to um campus
your guide to party like a starï¿½miami style
brickell: the new nightspot
the 'lowe' down: all about um's art museum



issue summary



news

a letter from university president donna e. shalala
get oriented with orientation 2008
a letter from vice president for student affairs patricia a. whitely
a letter from student government president brandon gross
foundation being laid for the next decade at um
school of education ranked in top 4 nationally
knight center for international media opens
um group provides architectural experience for a good cause
architecture students work on waterfront plans
um theatre professor works at new york's lincoln center
center aims to improve the community's health and wellness
hyperion council: business students working for the community
'beyond the book' award extends classroom research to field
um alumna to be president of american bar association
festival miami showcases multicultural rhythms
undergraduate marine studies to move to rosenstiel
rosenstiel school's 'pied piper' wins provosts' award
marine science campus dives into current issues
how to get to football games at dolphin stadium
a breakdown of the current construction on campus
new 'oasis' market aims to cater to diverse dietary needs
um's progressive fundraising campaign nets $1.4 billion
cnn anchor anderson cooper speaks at um
um commuter students have a home on campus
how to get around at um
changes to campus food to emphasize natural, healthy options
all you need to know about the dining hall
rathskeller celebrates 35 years, will close in december
the wellness center: health oasis on campus
fifteen things every cane should know
long-lost book um's three millionth
in the spotlight: the school radio station
center provides career assistance for students
your professor as next-door neighbor
feel right at home with um's residential coordinators





sports

off to omaha
signing day recap
you better believe!
canes cruise with dews
2008 football preview
the vallverdus
men's tennis: 2008 in a nutshell
women's tennis: on their way up
leadership embodied
soccer: a goal within reach
freshman a standout for miami women's soccer
um's top 10
track and field: out distancing the competition
student, athlete and entrepreneur broadens horizions at um
volleyball struggles through 2007, looks forward to 2008
"stronger"
sophomores win titles, revive diving legacy





insight

do you really need a car in miami?
the grove vs. sunset place
comparison piece on south beach vs. key biscayne
miami international film festival returns to magic city
breaking down homecoming traditions u need to know
the rat's farewell tour
eclectic beaux arts festival draws many to um campus
getting the most dining bang for your buck
your guide to party like a starï¿½miami style
brickell: the new nightspot
the best boutiques for the miami heat
get involved early when you get to college
um grad sells shoes as art in south beach
the 'lowe' down: all about um's art museum




 

















national college advertising and marketing | privacy policy (8/15/07) | terms of use (4/28/08)
content submission agreement (8/23/07) | copyright compliance policy (8/25/07) | rss terms of use







advertisement


poll

what are your summer plans?



internship



camp counselor



beach bum



dreading the end of summer


submit vote
view results



 links blogs at themiamihurricane.comthe miami hurricane online classified adsibis yearbookumtv channel 96wvum 90.5 fmlogin














advertisement




  





©  the miami hurricane. 1306 stanford dr., university center, room 221, coral gables, fl 33146
general information | work for the miami hurricane | advertise with the miami hurricane | register with the miami hurricane
e-mail webmaster@themiamihurricane.com for web site problems.
powered by college publisher



college publisher powered by mtvu and mtv networks

