















whistling swan inn: luxury bed & breakfast in stanhope nj


























































stanhopenew jerseycall (973) 347-6369 for assistance









menu


main menu
skip to image rotation. please use up and down arrow keys to navigate between images.
skip to primary content
skip to secondary content
home
rooms

all guest rooms

great meadows room
the harmony suite
the high point suite
the lenape room
the morris canal room
the stillwater mini suite
the tranquility room
the walnut valley suite
waterloo village room


amenities
business accommodations
reservation policies
book now
check availability
gift certificates


breakfast

breakfast
visit our recipe blog


specials

specials & packages
weddings
events & parties


logo
book now
the inn

meet the innkeeper
history
the area

things to do
dining


photo gallery

wedding gallery tour




find us

directions
contact information


blog
 











where modern luxury meets victorian elegance







welcome to whistling swan inn
tucked into the beautiful skylands region of northern new jersey, this stanhope, nj home now known as the whistling swan inn, was built in 1905 and converted to a bed and breakfast in 1985.
we have kept the flavor of a vintage family home, from a friendly welcome and refreshments upon your arrival, to the sumptuous breakfasts in our dining room or on the pillared porch. whatever the season, a myriad of activities awaits you in the skylands — new jersey’s best kept getaway secret!
stroll in our victorian garden or read the morning paper on the wrap around porch. spend the afternoon enjoying the highlights of the skylands region including waterloo village, lake hopatcong, or morris canal. shop for crafts in chester, go antiquing in andover and lafayette, go horseback riding, or hiking and biking in the state parks. after a busy day, relax on our porch rockers, take a nap in the side-porch hammock, or sit in our parlor and enjoy pleasant conversations with new-found friends.
during your stay, enjoy fine dining at one of the sussex county gourmet restaurants in nearby newton, sparta, lake hopatcong, or chester, nj. or take a short walk to some of the restaurants near the inn, such as bell’s mansion and the stanhope house. the inn is also blocks away from the netcong train station, which can bring you to new york city in an hour and a half. top off your evening at a local entertainment spot, or simply take a stroll and enjoy the quiet. once the evening is over, continue your getaway with a glass of sherry and homemade cookies next to a crackling fire in our cozy guest parlor. when you’re ready to retire, relax in your jacuzzi tub or fall asleep to a movie from multiple streaming services.
the whistling swan inn hosts weddings, baby showers, bridal showers, victorian tea parties, and private dinners. we offer a variety of romantic packages for your new jersey vacation, which include a massage package or a roses and chocolates package, — the perfect idea for an anniversary, honeymoon, or romantic getaway.
we offer corporate rates for frequent business guests and special rates for extended stays. we are one mile away from the international trade center and less than ten miles away from picatinny arsenal. please see our business travel page for more information.
other on-site amenities include:
• free wi-fi throughout the property
• secure on-site parking
• tesla charging station










gift certificates
for the person who has everything, a gift certificate for a luxurious b&b experience is an excellent choice.
purchase gift certificate >



gourmet breakfast
our breakfast always gets high marks from our guests. you won’t want to miss it.
read more >



book today!
see why we were awarded trip advisor’s 2024 traveler’s choice award by booking direct!
read more >
















latest posts from our blog


heart-shaped sugar cookie sandwich recipe: 
			indulge in sweet romance with these classic heart-shaped sugar cookie sandwiches. a soft, buttery cookie filled with velvety buttercream creates the perfect valentine's treat. simple…


how a wellness retreat can set you up for a healthier, more balanced life: 
			spring 2025 wellness retreat: 3-night transformative experience join us for a rejuvenating spring wellness retreat at the whistling swan inn to realign your mind, body,…








whistling swan inn

110 main street
stanhope, nj 07874
https://www.whistlingswaninn.com/



latitude: 40.905323 longitude: -74.709445



phone: (973) 347-6369

 info@whistlingswaninn.com
responsive web design, marketing and hosting by acorn marketing
professional photography by
											christian gianelli

privacy policy | accessibility statement
view our site map




























