


home | texas association of sports officials









































home
sports

baseball
basketball
football
soccer
softball
volleyball
water polo


member services

members login
membership renewal
chapter officers
taso threads

baseball apparel
basketball apparel
football apparel
soccer apparel
softball apparel
volleyball apparel
water polo apparel


vendors
insurance
suggestions/comments
member assistance program


chapter directory

baseball
basketball
football
soccer
softball
volleyball
water polo


game/match reporting

private schools incident report form
uil school incident report form
uil good sportsmanship reporting form


about us

history
what we do
policies
board of directors


contact us
 




































membership area
are you a current taso member in any sport? click renew to either apply in your current sport or to become a member in a new sport below
||baseball is closed 
||basketball is closed
||football is open
||soccer is open
||softball is open
||volleyball is open
||water polo is open


login
renew




new applicants
become a sports official! click apply below if you have never been a taso member in any sport.
new member applications are open now for:
football, soccer, softball, volleyball, and water polo click faq video for more information, then apply to begin


apply




newsletter
subscribe to the weekly taso newsletter



sample
subscribe




texas way
course for officials
the texas way officials course is now available.


course for officials




 taso links


coaches & athletic directors
taso start program
tapps
uil
taso threads store






news & announcements

get the latest news and announcements in high school sports news, including uil updates and more.






become unflappable with emotional control
                        referee.com when people say, “there’s no need to get emotional,” that’s probably more true for officials than for the average ...                    





the texas way – officials
                        “the texas way” is an initiative created to improve sportsmanship at the middle and high school level directed to coaches ...                    





taso abuse of officials policy
                        all‑sports board of directors is very concerned with the number of incidents of excessive verbal abuse directed toward our members, ...                    





allways be recruiting!
                        recently, the kinesiology department with south texas college in mcallen, texas, hosted the fall 2023 kinesiology symposium for all kinesiology ...                    





officials needed for high school sports
                        by john arbter woodctystringer@gmail.com “we are aging out,” stated trinity valley volleyball official association (tvvoa) president michele bradshaw. this simple ...                    





taso – uil partner to recognize schools sportsmanship
                        we are all aware of the many challenges regarding sportsmanship across our great state. however, we are also aware that ...                    





participation in high school sports tops eight million for first time in 2023-24
                        nfh news more than eight million participants competed in high school sports in the 2023‑24 school year – an all‑time ...                    





become unflappable with emotional control
                        by referee when people say, “there’s no need to get emotional,” that’s probably more true for officials than for the ...                    




clinics & events



visit sports page to see full archive




welcome
taso is an independent organization, providing support, resources and training for texas high school and middle school sports officials.
with more than 160 local chapters serving 16,000+ members throughout the state, we are one of the largest professional organizations for sports officials in the country.
more


about us
taso works closely with the university interscholastic league (uil), the texas association of private and parochial schools (tapps), the texas high school coaches association, other coaches associations, the texas high school athletic directors association and many other organizations 
to ensure fair, challenging and safe athletic competition for texas high school and middle school student athletes.
history
what we do
policies
board of directors






gold vendors



stripes plus
phone: 806-352-1245
web site, click here



officials gear outlet
phone: 432-853-0514
web site, click here



ump junk
210-364-1110
web site, click here









friends we've lost

charlie carawayjanuary 18, 2025
ayinde tyehimbanovember 24, 2024
rickey upshawnovember 16, 2024
arthur bosqueoctober 15, 2024
robert nelsonoctober 17, 2024
harvey madrigaloctober 15, 2024
mark mooreoctober 4, 2024
socorro velazquezaugust 4, 2024
billy burton wisdomjuly 23, 2024
debra matthewsmay 8, 2024
gordon grabilloctober 24, 2023
andy granthamjune 13, 2024













			copyright © 2025 texas association of sports officials. all rights reserved.
		






×
×
×

 




