








american mensa












































search



log in









where brilliance belongs








join

admission retesting
take the mensa admission test
submit past test scores
take the mensa practice test
gifted youth admission
information for international members
rejoin american mensa


attend

events calendar
annual gathering
colloquium
mind games®
culturequest®
add an event
regional gatherings
leadership workshops


connect

contact national office staff
welcome to the new mensa connect
american mensa on facebook
member directory
local groups directory
special interest groups
board contacts
foundation trustees
mensa international
sight


lead

american mensa's national hearings committee
board of directors (amc)
certifications
financials
forms and guides
leadership development workshops
local group resources
officer handbooks
policy documents
special interest group resources
strategic planning


learn

about american mensa
conversations with mensa
gifted youth
leadership workshops
member primer
mensa for kids
the mensa foundation
the mensa name and logo


read

mensa bulletin
local group newsletters
email newsletters
mensa research journal
young mensan magazine
mensa world journal
brainwave
board meeting reports
officer handbooks
policy documents
interlink (archive)


recognize

national awards
group awards
foundation awards


volunteer

community service projects
volunteer for mensa international
volunteer marketplace


shop

take the mensa admission test
shop the mensa store
great wine for great minds
members-only benefits and discounts
download the mensa brain training app
shop mensa select® games
365 brain puzzlers page-a-day calendar
10-minute crossword puzzles page-a-day calendar
mensa 10-minute crossword puzzles paperback


play

culturequest®
games room
mensa for kids games
mensa select® games
mind games®


my mensa

my membership profile
renew my membership
my local group
mensa connect
benefits and services
member logo use
restore lapsed years for continuous membership
statement of member rights and responsibilities
test score release

















limited-time only: admission testing

enjoy 10% off private testing now through feb. 28! score at or above the 98th percentile to be invited to join american mensa.
find a test session




prior evidence review
qualify the quick, easy way by sending us evidence of scores from prior intelligence tests you've taken. for individuals younger than 14, this is the only way to qualify.
submit my scores




mensa practice test
wondering if you're mensa material? take our practice test and you'll know in 30 minutes your likelihood of success on our official admission test.
take our practice test














how the world woos


dating customs across the globe range from flirty whistles to zulu beadwork to matchmaking markets in shanghai. learn how to woo your way around the world.











the american dreams


like most dreams, the american dream is a yearning, a seeking, a striving somewhere over the rainbow. dreams are difficult to define, and the american dream is no exception.











polka-dot brain


the mother of a child with disabilities knows: no amount of smiling at a flight of stairs has ever turned it into a ramp — but there’s still reason to smile.











lincoln 2.0


could we build an artificial intelligence that could think, make decisions, and communicate like the man most regarded as our greatest president, abraham lincoln?












mensa for kids' excellence in reading


to encourage the joy of reading, the mensa foundation has developed the mensa for kids excellence in reading program. earn a commemorative certificate in recognition of your outstanding achievement and get an excellence in reading t-shirt, too!











discover mensa experiences: our newest members-only perk


save up to 60% on theme parks, hotels, concerts, movie tickets, and more! as a mensa member, you can now enjoy access to exclusive savings through our mensa experiences program. we've partnered with memberdeals to bring you members-only savings on some of the world’s greatest entertainment and travel brands!











2025 theodore talks: getting teder all the time


this free monthly interactive series offers talks with a principal investigator for zooniverse, an authority on chicago's culinary scene, a blues musician and historian, along with a host of others.




national events








annual gathering 2025


the largest yearly confab of mensans anywhere, the american mensa annual gathering started as a small, two-day meet-and-greet at the new york belmont in 1963. the event now spans five days and features a sprawl of talks, games, and entertainment unlike any other.













mind games 2025


an annual tradition since 1990, mind games is a four-day board-game-judging marathon, during which the year’s five best new-to-market tabletop games are chosen and awarded the coveted mensa select® seal. join hundreds of tabletop fanatics for a long weekend of around-the-clock board gaming.













mensa foundation colloquium 2025


the mensa foundation hosts and supports colloquiums to encourage and expand learning, research, and intelligence. this year's colloquium will explore the core distinctions between human and artificial intelligence (ai), with a focus on what uniquely defines human cognition.






 local & regional events 








the einstein effect: how the world's favorite genius got into our cars, our bathrooms and our minds



			       	february 23, 2025
			        

 san francisco regional mensa
						
join san francisco regional mensa via zoom on sunday, feb. 16 at 4:30 p.m. (cst) as benyamin cohen, journalist and award-winning author of the einstein effect: how the world's favorite genius got into our cars, our bathrooms and our minds, gives us a fascinating and funny overview of history's favorite genius, and explains why he still matters.










theodore talk -- made in chicago: stories behind 30 great hometown bites



			       	february 23, 2025
			        

 no group assigned
						
in made in chicago: stories behind 30 great hometown bites, authors monica eng and david hammond will discuss lesser-known mom-n'-pop places that serve more affordable – but no less satisfying – food to tens of thousands of chicagoans every day.










carolinah regional gathering



			       	march 7, 2025
			        

 piedmont area mensa
						
and now for something almost but not quite completely different — pamalot: the meaning of life of brain, live at drury inn. join us for a weekend of pythonesque (it's a real word, look it up) entertainment. you won't be able to swing a dead parrot without hitting a presenter, game, or trivia event. just don't expect the spanish inquisition.


















join

admissions testing
submit test scores
youth admission
rejoin mensa



about

our story
gifted youth
mensa foundation



my mensa

my member profile
my local group
new member primer
benefits and discounts



contact us

board of directors
national office staff
advertise
newsroom



follow us


















privacy policy
terms of use
site map


© 2025 american mensa










