






tv2 alarm and log for refrigerators, freezers, cleanrooms, etc...


















 







alarm and log refrigerators, freezers, cleanrooms, etcc...



home
products

freezer alarm
fridge freezer alarm 
					w 2 sensors
refrigerator alarm w 
					text/email alert
data logger w wired/wireless 
					sensors
master thermometer with 
					four sensors
master hygrometer w wired/wireless 
					sensors
clean room monitor - pressure, 
					temp, rh 
iv room environmental monitor
catalog - price list


applications

application notes 
articles about monitoring temperature
videos and powerpoint presentations

other applications and landing 
					pages 


support

software, users & installation 
					guides, etc...
master thermometer specifications
frequently asked questions (faqs)
some of our customers
search our web site for information
links to temperature related sites
our privacy policy


about 2di
request a quote
purchase online
search





temperature, humidity, pressure, etc...

text, email or phone 
				call alert
no monthly fees
free 
				secure pc software 
72 hour internal battery 
				backup for power failures
automatic data logging 
				of all sensors
visible temperature 
				history chart
color coded quickcheck™screen 
				for safety check
wired ethernet connection
				
21 cfr 11, cdc, fda 
				and jcaho compliant


tv2 videos

quickcheck™display

quickcheck display - any red number or text 
				is an alert.
'easy-touch, password protected menu system.
touch any reading (temperature, humidity 
				or pressure) to see logged data chart.



send me information

logs & charts all data

view or print out a complete data log at 
				any time.
use the trace-mode to scroll through the 
				entire history.
automatically backup the logged data to 
				any pc or server.






monitor multiple appliances or areas

four remote sensors - mix-n-match temperature, 
				humidity, differential pressure.
monitor refrigerators, freezers, -80° freezers, 
				warehouses, cleanrooms, ovens, etc...
wired sensors for temperature, humidity 
				or differential pressure. wireless - temperature, or humidity.





please send me 
				a quote 

receive a text/email or phone call if an alarm occurs

customized text, email and phone alerts.
a power-out alarm warns you if a power failure 
				occurs.
audio visual alerts on all alarm conditions 
				in addition to text, email or phone calls.



please send me a quote.
		

installing the tv2 in minutes

1. position the  sensors.
2. power the monitor - 120vac
3. set the date & time
4. link the sensors if you are using wireless sensors
5. set the alarms levels and delays.


that is it.  you are done.




link to installation 
			video

monitor 4 areas or appliances with one tv2
the tv2 quickcheck display shows four environmental variables.  
		any combination of temperature, humidity or pressure along with their maximum 
		and minimum values of each.  reset the max/min any time 
		by 
		touching the screen.
the quickcheck™display always indicates the safety status 
		of each sensor.  for example, the current temperature along with the 
		maximum and minimum points appear in green as long as the temperature is 
		within the safe range.  however, 
		if the temperature (or humidity or pressure) falls outside your safe zone 
		it immediately turns red. 
once that variable moves back into the safe zone it again turns 
		green.  because the color reflects the safety of the 
		room or appliance, a quick glance at the display is all that is needed to 
		see if everything is ok.  this quickcheck™lcd means that anyone, 
		at any time, can quickly verify that all is well with a single glance at 
		the display.
text, email or phone-call alert.
		
the tv2 alarm/logger has an external, normally open (n/o), 
		dry contact relay, to trigger a phone call, external alarm or other devices 
		any time an alarm occurs.  the optional auto-dialer calls several phone 
		numbers to deliver or leave a message if an alarm occurs. the external relay 
		can even be wired into a building alarm system.
please send me a data sheet.
downloads and backs up to a pc with the
		free secure software
download and install the free tview secure software on any 
		pc and you can access any tv2 on  your network at any time.  download 
		logged data on demand or automatically.  this software will find any 
		tv2 plugged into a usb socket or attached to you local area network so data 
		can be viewed or downloaded. 


temperature chart as it appears on your computer
		(click to enlarge)


alarms
the tv2 alarm/logger, has a number of alarms which have to do 
				with the tv2 itself, and additional alarms for 
				the conditions being monitored by the sensors.  any active 
				alarm is indicated visually on the tv2 with a message, a blinking 
				screen and in some cases a change of color.
most alarms cause the external normally-open (n/o) dry-contact 
				relay to close to trigger an auto dialer so that phone calls are 
				made to alert the staff whenever an unsafe condition has occurred.  
				alarms can also initiate a text or email message.


sensor condition alarms

high temperature 
					alarm - buzzer, flashing 
					message, closes relay, logged to memory
low temperature alarm -buzzer, 
					flashing message, closes relay, logged in memory
high humidity alarm -buzzer, 
					flashing message, closes relay, logged in memory
low humidity alarm -buzzer, 
					flashing message, closes relay, logged in memory
low sensor battery - 
battery indicator flashes red and icon 
					show a low percentage reading 
temperature outside 
					high or low set points - 
displayed temperature reading turns red, max or 
					min conditions turns red
humidity outside high 
					or low set points - 
displayed humidity reading turns red
sensor alarm not set -
alarm disables in red appears on display







tv2 monitor alarms

power out -
				intermittent buzzer, flashing message, 
				closes relay, screen sleeps after 20 seconds but continues to log 
				data.
low battery - 
				the battery icons shows only a partial charge and turns red



how safe is your data?
all collected data is stored in non-volatile memory so even if you 
			turn the tv2 alarm/logger off and come back 10 years later your data 
			will still be there.  
during power outages the rechargeable internal battery (lithium ion) 
			will continue to operate the tv2 for as long as 100 hours.  and 
			by operate we mean everything continues to work.

data logging continues
alarms will sound, show on the display and 
				be recorded
the relay will close if an alarm occurs
phone calls and/or emails will be made or 
				sent.
data can be copied to your computer.


where is the tv2 used? 
the tv2 alarm can be used anywhere you want to monitor environmental 
		conditions.  
for example:

pediatricians offices 
public health clinics
research laboratories
testing laboratories
hospital operating rooms
museums
cleanrooms
hospital nursing stations
pharmaceutical companies 
manufacturing plants
school kitchens
warehouses
nasa facilities
historical societies
fda laboratories
some of our customers 



instant alert with quickcheck display
the tv2 alarm tracks four different temperatures, humidity, or pressures 
		simultaneously and alerts you instantly if any of them become unsafe. the 
		color of the environmental variable changes to red if it moves ourside your 
		safe zone. one glance at the display tells you if all variables are within 
		your safe parameters or not.

in 
		addition to the quickcheck™display you can see the historical conditions 
		for each area or appliance being monitored.  to see the logged data 
		for any sensor simply touch that sensors reading on the  the easy-touch 
		display. 
for example, if a temperature is touched the display changes to show 
		the logged temperature data from last night, last week, last month or even 
		last year.  to see additional history simply touch the chart and it 
		will display scroll bars.  the chart can be scrolled to the left or 
		right to show earlier data.  it can also be zoomed into or out-of to 
		show much more historical information.  the chart is not only paperless 
		it is never ending.  once all of the non-volatile memory is filled 
		with data, the newer data will roll over oldest data, so you will always 
		have the last 80,000 measurements stored from each sensor.  
being able to see the data history makes it easy to spot trends.  
		this is particularly useful for troubleshooting issues with refrigerators, 
		freezers or areas in a warehouse or building.

all logged date is encrypted to comply with 21 cfr 11 requirements
		
once the data is logged and stored in the non-volatile memory of the 
		tv2 alarm it is impossible for the user to alter it.  it can
		only be viewed or printed out with the tview 
		software, not changed. 
logged data can be downloaded to a pc and even saved as an encrypted 
		file. and once saved, it can only be viewed or printed out thus compling 
		with the 21 cfr 11 requirements.  if the data has been electronically 
		signed the 'padlock' icon appears on the chart   a signed 
		file can only be opened if the same username and password is entered.
likewise if a chart is printed out from
		a 'signature verified' 
		or 'signature unverified' text box will appear at the top of the 
		printed chart as part of the
		21 cfr 11 requirement. 
                                     
		

once the encrypted tv2 data has been downloaded to a pc it can be exported 
		in unencrypted form to 'excel'.  once in excel it can be viewed and 
		manipulated, but the data is not encrypted and no padlock or verification 
		indication is shown.  the padlock and verification pen only appear 
		on printouts or on a computer screen if the data integrity has been maintained.

request information    
			specifications    
			users guide 

designed and manufactured in the usa

© 2024 two dimensional instruments, llc






to the top!



