

























st. joan of arc catholic church | san ramon, california



























































skip to main content









about
bulletins
realm connect
cyo basketball
cyo track
giving







go
 search *
 







































worship: mass & sacramentsformation: education & leadershipadult faith formationchildren & youth faith formationreaching out: parish ministriesgathering: community & parish events 

















 
welcome to st. joan of arc
catholic church
san ramon, california
“to be christ for others as christ is for us.”
 
 













mass schedule
saturday vigil
4:30 pm
sunday
8 am | 10 am | 12 pmweekdays
mon-fri: 9 am










confession schedule
saturday
3 - 4 pm
or by appointment
to schedule an appointment, call the parish office at (925) 830-0600










 
watch livestream mass
 
submit mass intentions
 
parish registration




















 

ash wednesday masses and services at st. joan of arc
 please join our parish for any of our ash wednesday masses and services:
+   6:30 a.m.: liturgy of the word and distribution of ashes
+   9 a.m.: mass and distribution of ashes
+  12:10 p.m.: liturgy of the word and distribution of ashes
+  5 p.m.: liturgy of the word and distribution of ashes
+  7 p.m.: mass (in the church and gym), and distribution of ashes
other lenten notes of importance:
+ parish mission: monday, march 31—wednesday, april 2, at 7 p.m. with fr. mark wiesner
+ stations of the cross devotion is offered during lent on fridays at 7 p.m. in the church. begins on friday, march 7 (the passion of the christ movie will be shown on friday, april 11 at 7 p.m. in the mpr in lieu of the stations). 
 
 














 

save the date: saturday, february 22: mass and  the blessing of our eucharistic adoration chapel with bishop michael barber 
 you're invited to join bishop michael barber and our parish family on saturday, february 22, at 4:30 p.m. for mass and, afterward, the blessing of our beautiful eucharistic adoration chapel. 
 














 

fr. mark wiesner leads our parish lenten mission: jubilee year of hope
 you're cordially invited to join us for our parish lenten mission led by fr. mark wiesner, pastor of the catholic community of pleasanton. his theme is: "jubilee year of hope." offered on monday, march 31, through wednesday, april 2, at 7 p.m. in the church.
 














 

friday lenten devotions at st. joan of arc
  
     · friday, march 7: stations of the cross—music ministry
· friday, mach 14: xlt (eucharistic adoration with reflections and music)
· friday, march 21: stations of the cross—simbang gabi
· friday, march 28: youth: pizza, prayer, and youth dramatization of stations of the cross     (stations in the church at 7 p.m.)
· friday, april 4: fr. johnson: traditional stations of the cross
· friday, april 11: move: “passion of the christ”: (mpr) parental discretion advised
 
 
















 




 
 caring circles ™ for dementia/alzheimers 
 february 21, 2025 
 caring circles ™ for dementia/alzheimer's caring circles ™ provides a safe space for sharing experiences, exchanging resources, and offering... read more  

 




 
 eucharistic adoration chapel blessing with bishop michael barter 
 february 22, 2025 
 for the last several months, construction crews and parish volunteers have been working hard to create a beautiful eucharistic adoration chapel in... read more  

 




 
 vbs 2025 registration opens! 
 march 4, 2025 
 registration for vbs 2025 opens tuesday, march 4th at 6:00 a.m.! more information and registration link coming soon! vacation bible school is on june... read more  

 




 
 ash wednesday masses and services 
 march 5, 2025 
 on wednesday, march 5, you're invited to attend one of the following masses or services: 6:30 a.m.: liturgy of the word and distribution of ashes 9 a... read more  

 
1 of 8
›


view the full calendar
 ical
 
 


































children & youth faith formation
our parish offers a robust faith formation program for all ages.


learn more














ministry outreach
join others in getting involved in the life of the parish.


get involved


















adult faith formation
deepen your relationship with god through prayer, learning, service, and community. 


learn more














parish giving
your contributions to the parish help us further our mission of jesus christ.


donate today





















parish regisration
are you looking for a parish to call home?


register with st. joan of arc










why catholic?
 
that's a great question.
we've put together some resources to help answer that question for you.
 
learn more



 


























 
2601 san ramon valley blvd
san ramon, ca 94583(925) 830-0600
parishoffice@sjasr.org
 










virtus online training
ministry scheduler pro (msp)
resources
st. joan of arc music
parish photo gallery
knights of columbus #9206





 

 

















designed & powered by on fire media | login 










