






woodbury magazine online | the leading luxury publication for the affluent women of long island's north shore.
































facebook




twitter


  
 
 










news + events

model entries


mini me
digital

spring issue
facebook
instagram
twitter
journal of hope
pinkbook


advertising

media kit
ad specs


promotions

dining + events
health + beauty
fashion forward
house + home
and more…


 


select page


  
 



 



 











 





 
 

 



 



 
 
 
 





 

fashion + beauty
beauty bank
thinking of rubbing charcoal on your face? dig deeper into the science behind medicinal beauty and test the waters with our product picks.
accessories
update your wardrobe with the perfect handbag, shoe or special statement jewel to freshen your spring wardrobe; the options are supreme. and quite frankly, will make you smile.
fashion
trends of the season seem to cover all ground from pastels to pops of color. meet heather, margaret, shari, niki, laura and their beautiful children sporting the best in spring fashion. over forty never looked so good.
 
 
 




 

travel + food
scotland bound
from sublime landscapes and rich history to world-renowned golf and 5-star hospitality, scotland is the perfect playground for your next adventure.
dinner theater
after savoring a particularly memorable meal you may have been stirred to describe its flavors as “jumping off the plate.” but a new trend is taking this expression quite literally.
 
 
 




 

health + body
fitness
should you ditch your personal trainer? here are ten ways to assess where yours falls on the spectrum.
nutrition
cancer is the second-leading cause of death in the u.s. here’s how a plant-based diet can make a difference. 
pediatric report
often times, epilepsy is obvious while other symptoms that are more subtle. take the investigative and medical steps to establish a diagnosis.
your body
answers to the most commonly asked questions from iuds to breast cancer risk factors.
 
 
 




 

in every issue
cool stuff
whether telecommuting to a 9-5 office job, running a home-based business or starting a side hustle, a well-appointed home office can make all the difference.
house and home
in this passion project, lucinda loya’s eclectic design is suffused with childhood connections.
bookstore
reviews of top-ranking new releases.
after hours
look who’s out on the town.
 
 
 



editorial

 
submissions for editorial content are being accepted please send all submissions to:

 
 
 



books
books@woodburymagazine.net

 
 


obgyn
obgyn@woodburymagazine.net

 
 


nutrition
nutrition@woodburymagazine.net

 
 
 



pediatrics
pediatrics@woodburymagazine.net

 
 


beauty
beauty@woodburymagazine.net

 
 


events
events@woodburymagazine.net

 
 
 



cool stuff
coolstuff@woodburymagazine.net

 
 


food
food@woodburymagazine.net

 
 


travel
travel@woodburymagazine.net

 
 
 



advertising

 
for advertising information, please contact us at ads@woodburymagazine.net
ad specs and formats accepted: 
preferable format: hires pdf’s (300dpi) with fonts embedded is the preferred file accepted. please name the file with the advertiser name to ads@woodburymagazine.net.
files over 10 mbs should be uploaded from your web browser to woodbury hightail account:
https://spaces.hightail.com/uplink/woodburymag
please call 516.367.4600 for any questions.
specs: full page finished/trim size will be 9.625″ w x 13.5″ h (must submit one of the two sizes below) if sending a bleed ad extend art .25″ on all four sides = 10.125″ w x 14″ h no type past 8.875″ w x 12.625″ h non-bleed size (will have a white border) : 8.875″ w x 12.625″ h
half horizontal (we do not have vertical half ads) 8.875″w x 6.125″h finished size (no bleed available on half ads)
two-third vertical 5.812″w x 12.625″h finished size (no bleed available on 2/3 ads)
two page spread finished/trim size will be 19.25″w x13.5″h (must submit one of the two sizes below): if sending a bleed ad extend art .25″ on all four sides = 20″w x14.25″h non-bleed size (will have a white border) : 18.5″w x 12.7″h

 
 
 



contact

 
we would love to hear your thoughts about our magazine and web site

 
 
 


email
editorial@woodburymagazine.net
address
woodbury magazine
po box 387, woodbury, ny 11797
we would love to hear your thoughts about our magazine and website
 
 





name


email address


message






12 + 10 = 

 
submit



 
 
 
 



overview

 
woodbury magazine captures the essence of long island today; lifestyle with substance. it delivers an upscale, informative solution for both advertisers and consumers seeking a luxurious, design-centric and inviting resource that offers a wealth of information to gold coast readers who value quality living.
created by and for affluent young mothers ages 28 to 55 (with powerful readership well beyond our core), woodbury magazine features service-oriented editorial covering the best in fashion, food, health, beauty, travel, interiors, technology, marriage and children with a regional spin. it boasts a specially targeted approach to reach the “new” women of the north shore. armed with discretionary income and unique purchasing power, its readership resides within the wealthiest towns in america.
the vision of the magazine parallels the special sophistication embodied in north shore consumers; a unique combination of the trends and style of new york city partnered with the prestige of the hamptons, without pretension. as a result, advertisers now have access to a specifically tailored environment reaching a key, targeted audience receptive to their brand.
published quarterly with targeted and powerful distribution across long island’s gold coast (plus hamptons each summer), woodbury magazine is revered for its quality and dedication to its readers, advertisers and charity partners.

 
 
 
  


  
 
 







facebook




twitter


2020, woodbury magazine. all rights reserved.  

 
 
 







subscribe to the woodbury magazine insiderwould you like to receive information on upcoming events, sales and promotions?fill out your email address to sign up for the woodbury wire.











subscribe!






you have successfully subscribed!




 












