








erin keane is a writer, critic, and journalist | kentucky colonel • shadow minister of bourbon and seersucker •  a claudia with a kristy wing












































twitter linked in instagram 


open search





 







kentucky colonel • shadow minister of bourbon and seersucker •  a claudia with a kristy wing



about erin keane
readings, events, and appearances
sample the work
erin keane’s books and literary projects











erin keane’s books and literary projects
coming soon: the blair water literary society podcast. sign up for updates here.
 


runaway is one of npr’s best books of 2022 — now in paperback!
“memoirs this smart and absorbing don’t come around all the time.” — michael schaub, npr
“[a] deeply felt family memoir that also functions as an exegesis of our social texts.” — lorraine berry, the la times
“a dazzling page-turner of a book” — kenneth womack, culture sonar
“[t]hese essays … enrich the growing body of work reexamining perceptions about art, artists, the past, and what matters.” — booklist, starred review
“a razor-sharp investigative memoir with a biting edge.” — autofocus
“this eagle-eyed inquiry hits the mark.” — publishers weekly
“keane’s prose soars, and her journalistic instincts shine.” — kirkus reviews
featured in:

selected for npr’s best books of 2022
reviewed in the la times: “a runaway’s daughter dismantles the fairy tale of the rescuer and his muse“
featured in largehearted boy’s book notes playlist series
excerpted in lithub: “what woody allen’s manhattan tells us about society’s relationship with powerful men” (also featured in memoir monday)
interviewed in the cut: “untangling the secrets of a teenage mother“
excerpted in salon: “a girl’s skeleton in the museum: on runaways, the jersey shore and a cold case that haunted me“
interviewed in autofocus: “the myths that made me” and wfpl/louisville public media
reviewed in booklist (starred), culture sonar, kirkus reviews, publishers weekly , leo, and still: the journal
podcast guest: “the perks of being a book lover” (listen to the episode)
podcast guest: “new books in film,” part of the new books network (listen to the episode)
featured in the lithub author questionnaire: “5 authors, 7 questions, no wrong answers“
selected for the millions’ most anticipated
selected for la times’ 30 books we can’t wait for this fall
selected for the oc register fall reading list
selected for garden & gun’s the southerner’s big fall reading list
selected for the avalon free public library’s best new books

runaway: notes on the myths that made me, my debut full-length nonfiction book, is out now: a memoir (“a lyrical, sharp feminist analysis,” says kirkus reviews) about my parents/pop culture/gender.
if you need me, i can be found at erin e keane @ gmail or on instagram and bluesky, mostly.





 








						© 2025 erin keane is a writer, critic, and journalist 
																															
twitter linked in instagram 



























