











department of physics – research, teaching and outreach in physics at uw–madison – uw–madison















































 





















skip to main content

university of wisconsin–madison






uw crest









department of physics

research, teaching and outreach in physics at uw–madison




search






menu
open menu


close





graduate
expand


collapse



prospective students
phd program
mspqc program
courses
student resources
phd program contacts
mspqc program contacts


undergraduate
expand


collapse



home
prospective majors
current students
courses
certificate in physics
advising and course enrollment assistance
major declaration form
independent study approval form
visiting scholars (visp)


research
people
expand


collapse



faculty
visiting faculty and researchers
department staff
research staff
phd students
mspqc students
emeritus faculty
board of visitors
search for people


news & events
expand


collapse



events
department news
the wisconsin physicist
subscribe to e-newsletter


climate & diversity
outreach
resources
expand


collapse



department resources
student resources


giving
 



contact
courses
jobs
visit
log in 





chamberlin hall, home of the department of physics at uw–madison



the ingersoll physics museum is the oldest "touch-me" museum in the country

                  museum information                



our research spans all areas of physics

                  research areas                






 


welcome to the department of physics at the university of wisconsin–madison!




the uw–madison physics department awarded its first phd in 1899. since then our students have earned degrees in virtually every area of physics, and our faculty have played key roles in myriad important research efforts. we are training over 200 phd students as the next generation of physics researchers who are already earning recognition and making significant accomplishments in their field. each year, our instructional teams teach introductory physics to over 5,000 undergrads from majors across campus. and we’re proud to have the longest-running hands-on science museum in north america (the ingersoll physics museum), one of the longest-running science demonstration shows (the wonders of physics), and the first ms in physics–quantum computing program in the country.

 
 
 
 






 



physics swag now available online!

order a student-designed t-shirt or a spherical cow sticker or keychain, now available online and shipped anywhere in the u.s.

 





 



the wonders of physics & physics fair

it's the most wonderful physics time of the year! the wonders of physics annual shows will be held feb 8, 9, 15, and 16 at 1pm and 4pm. also on feb 15, join us for the annual physics fair from 2-4pm. 

 





 



2024 alumni magazine

the 2024 issue of our alumni magazine, the wisconsin physicist, is now available online! 

 
 
 
 


newshighlights from aps dppfebruary 18, 2025probing the connection between the highest-energy astrophysical neutrinos and ultra-high-energy cosmic raysfebruary 14, 2025welcome, prof. jakob moritz!january 29, 2025baha balantekin honored at neutrino astrophysics workshopjanuary 28, 2025dan mccammon awarded distinguished career prizejanuary 23, 2025all physics news 
more

 




upcoming events



from data to discovery: machine learning and real-time ai at the frontier of particle physicswed, feb 19, 4:00pm - 5:00pm
spontaneous synchronization: from fireflies to schmidt-higgs mode in superconductorsthu, feb 20, 10:00am - 6:00pm
strengthening our profession through structured learning experiencesthu, feb 20, 3:30pm - 4:30pm
path to scale qccd architecture for trapped ion quantum computers fri, feb 21, 3:30pm - 5:00pm
"radiatively-cooled magnetic reconnection experiments on the z machine"mon, feb 24, 12:00pm - 1:15pm



all events ≫



 
 
 
 


code of conduct




conduct
the university of wisconsin–madison physics department consists of members with varied national origin, ethnic background, race, gender identity, sexual orientation, gender, age, physical ability, and religion. as a community, we are committed to being positive and inclusive in all regards. we follow the university of wisconsin–madison code of conduct. the members of university of wisconsin–madison must maintain a professional environment in an atmosphere of tolerance and mutual respect and abstain from all forms of harassment, abuse, intimidation, bullying, and mistreatment of any kind. this includes, but is not limited to, intimidation, sexual or crude jokes or comments, offensive images, secret recordings, and unwelcome physical conduct. members must keep in mind that behavior and language deemed acceptable to one person may not be to another.
remediation
any person who is concerned that an individual has violated the department’s code of conduct may bring the issue to the attention of the department’s climate and diversity committee who will assist in suggesting steps to resolve the issue. issues that cannot be resolved by the climate and diversity committee may be brought to the direct attention of the department chair or associate chair. the department chair/associate chair will seek information on the nature of the problem and discuss the complaint with all parties involved and appropriately inform the parties of the outcome. if the issue cannot be resolved by the chair/associate chair or if it would be inappropriate to bring the issue to either the diversity or inclusion committee or the chair/associate chair, the individual may contact the appropriate resources outside the department depending on the nature of the issue, including the office of student assistance and support, the associate dean in the college of letters & science, the ombuds office, and the title ix office for equity and diversity.

 
 
 
 


land acknowledgement statement




the department of physics acknowledges that the university of wisconsin–madison occupies the ancestral lands of the ho-chunk, a place their nation has called teejop since time immemorial. in an 1832 treaty, the ho-chunk were forced to cede this territory. decades of ethnic cleansing followed when both the federal and state government repeatedly, but unsuccessfully, sought to forcibly remove the ho-chunk from wisconsin. we commemorate the resiliency of the ho-chunk and other eleven first nations of wisconsin. this history of colonization informs our shared future of collaboration and innovation. today, we respect the inherent sovereignty of the ho-chunk nation, along with the eleven other first nations of wisconsin.

 
 
 
 















uwmadphysics
research, teaching, and outreach in physics at @uwmadison








share your love of love and quantum physics with t






we're proud *every* day of the amazing #womeninphy






the wonders of physics annual shows are in full sw
 





congrats to physics, astronomy-physics, mathematic



 


load more...






 follow on instagram







 

physics in the newsdan hooper featured in quanta article at the final parsec problemoctober 23, 2024bose featured in physics world panel on latest in higgs research in honor of  cern’s 70th anniversaryoctober 23, 2024halzen featured in aps story on neutrino detector experimentsoctober 17, 2024noah hurst, mst featured in r&d world article on advances in plasma fusionaugust 2, 2024raheem hashmani discusses microwaves in everyday health articlesjuly 31, 2024in the news archives 
more

 
 
 
 


@uwmadphysics















uwmadphysics
research, teaching, and outreach in physics at @uwmadison








share your love of love and quantum physics with t






we're proud *every* day of the amazing #womeninphy






the wonders of physics annual shows are in full sw
 





congrats to physics, astronomy-physics, mathematic



 


load more...






 follow on instagram







 
 
 
 






 
 
 
 




site footer content




university logo that links to main university website













































part of the universities of wisconsin


contact usphysics department
2320 chamberlin hall
1150 university avenue
madison, wi 53706-1390

 map
map marker


email: info@physics.wisc.edu
phone: 608-262-4526

x twitter


instagram


linkedin


youtube

 

website feedback, questions or accessibility issues: it-staff@physics.wisc.edu.
learn more about accessibility at uw–madison.
this site was built using the uw theme | privacy notice | © 2025 board of regents of the university of wisconsin system.

























