




funny poems about love, life, death and sex

























peculiar poetry


short funny poems +
short funny poems


love
life
death
sex
short and curlies




funny poems +
funny poems




youth to old age +
youth to old age


childhood
teenage years
birthdays
middle age
midlife angst
aging anxieties
growing old
retirement
old age
senior moments




life and death +
life and death


everyday life
family life
biographical poems
celebrity poems
poems about fame
sport poems




eating and drinking +
eating and drinking


eating
drinking
smoking
health




love and hate +
love and hate


funny love
raunchy rhymes
wedding poems
paul's pet peeves
grumpy old man




witty and wry +
witty and wry


clean
humorous
animal
twisted
the english
odes & ends




parody & pastiche +
parody & pastiche


literary parodies
nursery rhyme parodies
rude nursery rhymes
the literary life
nostalgic poems




rude and dirty +
rude and dirty 


rude
dirty
funny sex


nonsense poems




seasonal poems +
seasonal poems




christmas poems +
christmas poems


short funny
short dirty
is santa a woman?
humorous
funny 
dirty
max on xmas
festive frolics
parodies
religious
traditions
miscellaneous
christmas ebook


funny new year poems


funny valentine poems +
funny valentine poems


cheesy valentines
funny valentines
anti-valentines
twisted valentines
dirty valentines




halloween poems +
halloween poems


short
funny
dirty
scary


mothers day
fathers day




about the website +
about the website


about the authors
poems by age group







funny poems
peculiar poetry is a collection of short funny poems  for teenagers and adults by contemporary english poets patrick winstanley, paul curtis and max scratchmann. the poems have been variously described as 'really very funny, and very nearly poems', 'symptomatic of a deeply disturbed mind' and 'laughable'. 
funny poems of every shape and style 
the collection is diverse in both style and subject matter, 
      including clerihews, parodies and shape poems on subjects ranging from alopecia 
      to xenophobia. there is lighthearted poetry for teens about the angst of adolescence 
      and adult poetry, both funny and serious, about love, life and the universe.

nonsense verse and rude rhymes
 our newest recruit, max scratchmann, is a poet with a most individual voice. max's  initial collection includes clean funny poems, humorous hate poems and  literary parodies and nostalgic poems, but the field in which  max excels is nonsense verse. so immerse yourself in max's parallel universe and prepare yourself the wealth of poems to come. 
short poems about love, death and sex
paul curtis, our first poet in residence, is a writer of rare talent who has contributed  over four hundred funny poems to the site. his contribution includes collections of   sports poems,  twisted funny poems, rude nursery rhymes and dirty poems, together with his seminal series of short funny poems about love, life, death and sex. paul is also a prolific writer of romantic love poems.
wry and inscrutable poems
patrick winstanley's poems are wry, whimsical and weird - qualities which lent peculiar poetry its name. patrick's work ranges from  superficially cute and cuddly animal poems, via  funny poems about family life and famous people   (living, dead and indeterminate) to studiedly rude  poems about smegma, vaginoplasty and a host of other unmentionables. 
oddly conventional
peculiar poetry has bowed to convention and included poems for the major holidays and high days in the religious and secular calendars. there are sins of omission, but peculiar poetry currently offers christmas poems,  halloween poems, funny mother's day poems,  father's day poems and valentines poems, while our sister love poetry site has an extensive collection of paul curtis's romantic valentines poems. 
not for the fainthearted... 
as one reviewer famously put it, 'peculiar poetry combines the comic talent of karl marx with the intellectual genius of groucho marx.' so expect funny poems that are always wry, often witty, sometimes dark or dirty.  expect the unexpected…

















new poems
short funny christmas poems
a new collection of paul's funny poems written especially for christmas 2018 
short funny christmas poems
i'll take the red one
bimbette's visit to a sex shop proves to be an absolute recipe for disaster!
funny sex poems
in the london marathon
a quasi-philosophical poem which is definitely not about long disance runners
funny sports poems
are you wearing a fascinator?
there's something wonderfully sexually suggestive about the term fascinator…
funny wedding poems














home



copyright © peculiar poetry  / patrick winstanley 2002-2018 all rights reserved.
our sites: love poetry | erotic poetry | nonsense poems | funny poems for kids










