











albemarle nc photo tours and travel information
















favorites





















 









toggle navigation


















rental homes


hotels


activities


























hotels
for postcard-perfect long weekends, or full week stays that have exceptional access to indoor and outdoor pools, restaurants, and amenities, there's nothing quite like the convenience of a stay at a local hotel or motel. a number of area hotels have been welcoming guests for decades, and as a result, vacationers have come back year after year for the fantastic service and the million-dollar views.







vacation rentals
visitors are often surprised at the number and variety of weekly vacation rentals throughout the area.. vacation rentals are, in fact, an increasingly popular accommodation available to vacationers, and visitors will find that the sheer number of rentals available allows them to find an ideal retreat to fit their crew, from quiet condo complexes to brightly colored oceanfront sand castles.









elizabeth city, nc
elizabeth city, located in the northeastern corner of the state and part of the newly famed "inner banks," has developed a reputation as an up-and-comer on the north carolina tourism scene. with a growing cultural and arts center that features museums, theaters, a conference center, and a world of other amenities, eastern north carolina visitors are taking a second look at this otherwise small town, and are being pleasantly surprised by all the amenities and attractions that this coastal community has to offer.







edenton, nc
the small town of edenton may very be one of the first inner banks destinations to rise to regional and even national fame as a stunning spot along coastal north carolina to enjoy a full, historic vacation, just a few short miles away from the atlantic ocean-facing beaches. the coastal community is a small town at heart with a deeply rich history and a big personality that is sure to charm anyone looking for a quiet but engaging weekend destination that's relatively close to home.









columbia, nc
the small town of columbia, located approximately 45 miles west of the outer banks, is a rising star along the central north carolina coastline. an anchor of the informally named "inner banks" region, this small community of less than 1,000 residents is slowly becoming a destination all its own, even landing a feature article in north carolina's renowned our state magazine. the sudden growing interest is due to a number of features, not the least of which are breathtaking scenery, incredible wildlife, and a host of attractions, both old and new, that are ripe for exploring.







outer banks, nc
there's a reason why so many aspiring and professional photographers flock to the outer banks. ocean sunrises, sound sunsets, and miles of quiet wildlife in between create some breathtaking landscapes, ideal for photographers, painters, or plain-old vacationers who love an astounding view.










eastern 4h


grab your colleagues, classroom, wedding party or other special large group, and start planning a retreat to the stunning waterfront eastern 4-h center, a relatively new, (built in 2001), and hard-to-miss attraction in the heart of eastern north carolina in columbia.

columbia
252-797-4800
map it









asa biggs house


the home of one of north carolina's best known jurists and politicians, it has an interesting blend of federal and greek revival details. its awkward symmetry and rambling plan lend credence to local legend that biggs added a room with the birth of each of his 10 children.

williamston

map it











columbia, nc


the small town of columbia, located approximately 45 miles west of the outer banks, is a rising star along the central north carolina coastline. an anchor of the informally named "inner banks" region, this small community of less than 1,000 residents is slowly becoming a destination all its own, even landing a feature article in north carolina's renowned our state magazine. the sudden growing interest is due to a number of features, not the least of which are breathtaking scenery, incredible wildlife, and a host of attractions, both old and new, that are ripe for exploring.








northeast dragway


for a hot night out on the town, or a revved up saturday afternoon, there's nothing quite like a trip to the northeast dragway. a happening spot for gear-heads of all ages, this 1/8th mile track heats up on weekends with a wide range of dragsters, motorcycles, and vehicles in all forms, racing like mad to the dusty finish line.

hertford

map it











mulberry hill house


the mullberry hill house has been an acclaimed residence along the banks of the albemarle sound for centuries, and today, visitors in the market for an elite and relaxing stay can enjoy the unique mulberry hill inn's undeniable charm and prestige. the stately brick building has been painstakingly converted into one of edenton's favorite historic bed and breakfasts, and offers its guests a world of easy-going entertainment. adjacent to exceptional golf, boating, fishing, and just quiet open water views, this small but completely stunning home will surely provide edenton weekenders a lush vacation experience that they won't soon forget.

edenton

map it









hyde county, nc


this northeastern north carolina county - surrounded by the pamlico sound, the alligator and pungo rivers, home to north carolina's largest natural lake --lake mattamuskeet--, and bisected by the intracoastal waterway - is known as "the land of many waters". ocracoke island, once home to the pirate blackbeard and now a tourist mecca, is accessible only by air or water.










swan quarter


two stories prevail as to how hyde countys seat got its name. one legend has it named for the thousands of swan that came to "quarter" in the this little village at the head of swan quarter bay. the second, less romantic story, says it was named after samuel swann who settled in the area in the 1700s.








williamston, martin county


let nature's gifts lift your spirit in martin county. cast your line for striped bass in the roanoke river. watch horses with precision and grace compete at the sen. bob martin eastern agricultural center. camp on unique platforms in the tributaries and swamps of the roanoke river canoe trail. birdwatch in the roanoke river national wildlife refuge. learn about our heritage and culture at fort branch, a confederate civil war site, or st. james place museum, a restored circa 1910 primitive baptist church. tour the asa biggs house, which is listed on the national register of historic places. nature's calling you in martin county.












hertford, nc
traditional southern hospitality and small-town living is carefully preserved in quiet and undiscovered hertfort, north carolina. this prototypical small town has a world of amenities and attractions just waiting to be discovered by curious newcomers who venture off the main highway, including numerous historic sites, a charming downtown, and miles of riverfront water views.








colonial park


visitors to edenton's colonial park will find a veritable world of local attractions and gorgeously scenic landscapes just minutes away from the expansive parking area. a postcard-perfect place to picnic, paddle, or just take off for a leisurely waterfront afternoon, colonial park is a great starting point for virtually any newcomer to this inner banks region, and a lovely little representation of coastal life by the water.

edenton

map it









plymouth and washington county


the town of plymouth became the first incorporated town in washington county in 1787 when arthur rhodes divided 100 acres of his brick house plantation along the roanoke river into lots. in its heyday, it was the fifth-largest port in north carolina and the eight-largest town, and citizens thrived for a time before the civil war.








dismal swamp history


in the midst of the metropolitan area known as hampton roads, virginia, and extending well into north carolina, there is a unique primeval forest inhabited by a variety of mammals, 21 species of reptiles, 58 species of turtles, lizards, salamanders, frogs & toads, and over 200 species of birds, as well as history, mystery and lore... the great dismal swamp.








halifax county, nc


the western-most county in the albemarle region, halifax bridges the coastal plain and the piedmont. the roanoke river, a colonial trade route linking the interior of the state with the albemarle sound, brought the towns of halifax, weldon, roanoke rapids, and other halifax county communities into the the vast river-town network of coastal north carolina.








elizabeth city state university


although small, the diverse and distinctive elizabeth city has a world of opportunities that span all interests, many of which can be studied in detail at the acclaimed elizabeth city state university. this institution, and home of the ecsu vikings, has a long history of providing exceptional education to its students, allowing them to go out and succeed in all regions of northeastern north carolina and beyond.

elizabeth city

map it









u.s. coast guard air station elizabeth city


outer banks and inner banks coast guard personnel, as well as coast guard recruits from all over the nation, are very much familiar with the coast guard air station (cgas) in elizabeth city. this flagship station has been instrumental in leading the region in search and rescues missions, and is easily one of the largest and busiest coast guard air stations in the united states, embarking on east coast airborne operations as far away as the caribbean, the azores, and greenland. serving dual purposes as a military base that assists with search and rescue, maritime law enforcement, and international ice patrol, as well as an institute where aviation pros earn their wings, the station is a proud hallmark of the united sates coast guard, and a distinctive point of pride for elizabeth city and albemarle region residents.

elizabeth city

map it












select a city 



outer banks


crystal coast


beaufort, nc


cape fear


wilmington, nc


wrightsville beach


carolina beach


southport, nc









about us


contact us


advertise with us


link to us


privacy policy


© icwnet inc. 2025













