









artists registry connects artists with opportunity




























home
artists
art groups
call to artists
calendar of events
membership
about us 
contact

login













connecting artists with opportunity






welcome to artistsregistry.com

                        artists present portfolios of artwork. original paintings and sculpture, ceramics and giclee prints make a unique gift or a valued addition to your collection. we are connecting artists, art galleries, museums and organizations with art collectors and enthusiasts.

                        member benefits include personal control over your information. you can update your listing information whenever you need to. portfolio and premium members can change the artwork on their pages as often as they like.
                    




how does it work?

                       we give our members the ability to log into your account and edit your information right through your web browser. change your address or update your artwork as frequently as you like and see the changes instantly! don't worry if you don't want to do it yourself. we will help, just call or e-mail us.
                    




what are the benefits

                       all members now have personal control and instant gratification. when you fill out our membership form, your listing is created immediately. portfolio and premium members can upload images immediately and change them as often as you like. a one page portfolio gives you your own web address on our site and you get a top ranking in search engines because we get a top ranking. this provides a great opportunity for your artwork to be seen and enjoyed.
                    




become a member today ->









featured artist
cherie bosela

cherie bosela has been creating art since she could pick up a pencil and draw. she learned photography from her dad and took her first photography class in high school and continued with the medium all through college. she grew up in central florida and graduated from the university of central florida with a degree in art. she still lives and works at her studio in orlando.
during college she was always searching for her medium. she studied every medium available to her. she thought photography might be it since she had been experimenting with it for so long, but it was missing the hands on building and creating. she learned about antoni gaudí loved the mosaic work he included in all his architecture. the very first mosaic she made in 2000 was from a kit, and it ended up in the garbage. not happy with her results, she bought a few books about mosaics and started playing around with different types of tesserae. then she started playing with her photography under the glass. she finally felt like she found her mediums.

discover now

















artists registry

                            we are a community of visual artists and organizations. we connect artists together with galleries, museums and arts organizations and place member's artwork before the eyes of thousands of art collectors.
                        

                          copyright © all rights reserved | this template is made with  by colorlib





become a member today

join now













