







scania corporate website | scania group 






































































you seem to be located in .







go to site


stay on the group site




















 corporate website




               corporate website
            













































more




shortcuts



my scania




scania lifestyle webshop



































configure your truck





country selector



















































































welcome to scania





our purpose is to drive the shift towards a sustainable transport system, creating a world of mobility that is better for business, society and the environment.



















are you ready to master the road?





follow top streamers as they tackle the real-world challenges faced by truck drivers, with guidance from prodriver and expert coaching. watch their journey unfold.





prodriver































































winner of the sustainable bus award 2025





scania has received the sustainable bus award 2025 in the coach category for the gas-driven scania touring lbg/lng. recognising its commitment to setting new standards in sustainable transport and pioneering a greener future in people mobility.




find out more



















news






























scania introduces g38 to team up with its 770 v8






the robust newcomer – named g38 – is specially developed for working together with scania’s most powerful v8, the 3,700 nm, 16 litre 770 hp top-of-the-line legend. together they offer everything from fuel and weight savings to a smooth ride and great startability. 


































scania interim report january-september 2024 






scania delivers strong financial results for the third consecutive quarter this year.










































scania at pride and beyond






scania participates in pride parades every year to show support for the lgbtqi+ community. we do a lot to shape an inclusive and diverse workplace where everyone feels safe and accepted for who they are, but more can be done.


































the silent 70-tonne scania timber truck






sca’s first electric timber truck is a scania with a technical capability of up to 70 tonnes total weight. every year, sca transports about 8.5 million cubic metres of wood to industries.




















go to our newsroom







































scania´s new biogas engines






our updated 13-litre biomethane engines now offer more powerful engine options, and by coupling them with components from our super-based powertrain, they are 5% more fuel efficient compared to our former generation.




explore our gas trucks















































we drive real change





with some 58,000 employees in more than 100 countries,  scania is a truly global player. at scania you’ll be part of a company with over 130-year track record of innovation, as we continue on our ambitious journey to drive the shift towards sustainable transport.




join the scania team
































transport solutions





by combining smart transport solutions, technological innovation and partnerships, we’re working to make sustainable transport a reality.




discover scania’s transport solutions


















our commitments





our science based targets commits us to reduce emissions at the scale and pace science dictates necessary to limit global warming.




scania’s sustainability commitments


















road safety





scania provides a wide range of safety solutions to protect drivers, passengers and fellow road users against the dangers of the road. 




find out more about our safety solutions




















visit scania in your country





visit your market website for more detailed information and get in contact with your local sales person.




go to your local market site






















about scania



scania in brief

innovation

corporate governance

visit your local website

site map





sustainability



sustainability at scania

sustainable transport

sustainable business

initiative and commitments

progress and documentation





career



available positions

life at scania

students and graduates

career opportunities





investors



financial reports

bondholders





newsroom



news

press releases

image and videos





vehicle support



rescue and towing

radio manuals

radio type approval information
















            legal notice
          



            privacy statement
          



            cookies
          



            contact us
          



            whistleblowing
          



            rescue and towing
          






























© copyright scania 2025 all rights reserved. scania cv ab (publ), se-151 87 södertälje, sweden. tel: +46-8-55 38 10 00













to see this content, you need to allow cookies.



cookie settings



cookie policy link 








cookie information


we use cookies to personalise content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyse our traffic. we also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners. by clicking “i accept” , you are agreeing to give your consent to all cookies being used and the information being shared. you can also manage your cookies by clicking the “cookie settings” and selecting the categories you’d like to accept. for a more detailed explanation of how we use cookies, please visit our cookies section, which you can find by clicking the link below this text.









accept

reject all

cookie settings









cookie settings










													necessary cookies
												

													always on
													
												



 necessary cookies are needed for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. they are usually a consequence of you requesting services such as; setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. you can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but then some parts of the site will not work. these cookies do not store any personal data.






													performance cookies
												



														off
														
													

														on
														
													




 performance cookies allow us to count visits and traffic, which is an important source of improvement of our site. they help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and to see how visitors move around the site. all the information that these cookies collect is aggregated and is therefore anonymous. if you do not allow these cookies your visit to our site will not be counted in our statistics and will not contribute to performance monitoring and improvement of the website.






													functional cookies
												



														off
														
													

														on
														
													




 functional cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. they may be set by us or by third-party providers (see our cookie policy for further information ) whose services we have added to our pages. if you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. third-party providers may process your information, including personal data, when these cookies are activated.






													targeting cookies
												



														off
														
													

														on
														
													




 targeting cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners (see our cookie policy for further information). they may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. they are based on uniquely identifying your browser type and the type of internet device you use. if you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.






													social media cookies
												



														off
														
													

														on
														
													




 social media cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks (see our cookie policy for further information). they are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a profile of your interests. this may impact the content and messages you see on other websites you visit. if you do not allow these cookies you may not be able to use or see these sharing tools.










cookie policy link



cancel
save preferences

















