






ohiopyle rafting, whitewater rafting tours, raft rentals | ohiopyle trading post





























































toggle navigation









reserve a tour

whitewater rafting 










lower yough rafting
intermediate: 7.5 miles of continuous class iii–iv whitewater. the most versatile stretch of whitewater on the east coast.









upper yough rafting
advanced: 10 miles of steep, tight, and technical whitewater that will surely fulfill the most adventurous rafter's expectations.









middle yough rafting
mild: 9 miles of pristine beauty all accessible by leisure paddling and relaxed floating.









raft rentals
the highest quality self-baling inflatables in ohiopyle including rafts, duckies, and shredders for any part of the yough.









activities 


raft rentals
bike rentals
kayak lessons
fishing
kickstand ice cream
whitewater rafting




about 


about us
meet our guides
safety
faqs
job opportunities
blog
contact



accommodations
buy rafting photos















 
run with the best
								
experience the highest rated rafting outfitter on the yough.
								

book a tour






 
family fun
								
newest, safest rental equipment in ohiopyle.
								

learn more






 
best equipment for the ultimate safety
								
experience the otp difference.
								

book now






 
thrill seekers must apply
								
experience class v whitewater.
								

learn more






 
high performance duckies
								
inflatable kayaks connect you to the contours of the water.
								

rent today






 
rent a trek bike
								
experience the great allegheny passage on a trek bike.
								

learn more











the adventure of a lifetime
ohiopyle trading post & river tours: whitewater rafting for any skill level using the best quality equipment and safest record on the yough.



 
please give us a call at 724-329-1450, or reserve a tour online. let's make this season our best yet!









lower yough


learn more



versatile and challenging
intermediate level: 7.5 miles of continuous class iii–iv whitewater. fully guided, guide escort rafting, and raft rentals available. learn more | reserve a tour






upper yough


learn more



adrenaline junkies wanted
advanced level: 10 miles of steep, tight, and technical whitewater that will surely fulfill the most adventurous rafter's expectations. learn more | reserve a tour






middle yough


learn more



family fun
mild: 9 miles of pristine beauty all accessible by leisure paddling and relaxed floating with rafts, duckies, or shredders. learn more | reserve a tour








book your adventure online or call 724-329-1450






ohiopyle's premier adventure outfitter
whether you are a thrillseeker or just want to enjoy the beautiful bike trails of ohiopyle - we have an outdoor activity for you!








raft rentals


learn more



the best rental equipment
ohiopyle trading post is committed to maintaining the highest quality self-baling inflatables in ohiopyle including rafts, duckies, and shredders. learn more






kayak lessons


learn more



learn to kayak
learn one of the most amazing outdoor sports on the yough. with sections ranging from class i to class v it offers something for every level of boater. learn more






bike rentals


learn more



ride and refresh
enjoy a day of biking ohiopyle's scenic trails. we have a variety of the highest quality bikes including mountain bikes, pull carts, kids bikes, and cruisers. learn more













"my friends and i went rafting on the upper yough this weekend as part of a bachelor party weekend. let me just say that the entire trip was phenomenal. the weather cooperated, nobody died, the rapids were nuts, and the guides were top-notch."


mike r.
                                        philadelphia, pa






"before putting our rafts in the water, the primary instructor gave an entertaining and informative safety speech. even something mundane like that was interesting & lively. clearly these river guides know what they're doing!"


sara y.
                                        atlanta, ga






"our guide gave us the best possible experience... i would definitely do this again and would do it with ohiopyle trading company and even ask for the same guide if available."


carrie s.
                                        bryn mawr, pa






"wow - this was the highlight of our vacation! we did the lower yough with a guide in our boat. another company (when we were shopping around) tried to convince that we did not need a guide but they were so wrong! the guides at (otp) love their jobs. they made the trip so much fun."


mccoygang
                                        dagsboro, de














contact

 724-329-1450
 4 negley street, ohiopyle, pa 15470

join our mailing list

contact us


social

 facebook
 twitter
 youtube
 instagram
 pinterest
   tiktok
 tripadvisor



river gauges

lower yough
middle yough
upper yough
learn more about the water levels.






weather

ohiopyle weather









 2025 ohiopyle trading post | 724-329-1450
 
							site created by action creative

















































