







what's new | love 2 learn.net


















skip to main content










love 2 learn.net

resource reviews for catholic homeschoolers and others who "love to learn."
 






 

log in


 


menutoggle menu visibilityhome
faq
basics
a to z index
subject index













what's new




 



building big

author(s): david macaulay

    originally written as a companion to the pbs series of the same name, building big stands on its own quite well — a good thing, because the videos are no longer in production.



read more about building big 




jerome lejeune: saintly geneticist

author(s): ana braga-henebryillustrator(s): anita barghigiani

    a wonderful book that integrates faith and science!


ana braga-henebry and anita barghigiani have created an engaging book about venerable dr. jerome lejeune, the father of modern genetics. this lovely book is instructive for all ages! the book includes a timeline of important events in the life of dr. lejeune with dates and photographs from pivotal moments in his life. the author shares the story of dr. lejeune's childhood, his marriage, and his work as a pediatrician.



read more about jerome lejeune: saintly geneticist 




learning wrap-ups: basic math introductory kit


    these colorful key-shaped plastic flash cards allow students to practice basic math skills by wrapping a string around the ribbed edges of each card to identify the correct answer. (cards are attached together on a pivot point in groupings of 10 cards organized by operation.) the cards are cleverly self-correcting – when the child finishes each card, they simply flip it over; when all answers are correct, the string will match the diagram on the back of the card. the basic operations sets are simple equations where you match the equation to the correct answer.


read more about learning wrap-ups: basic math introductory kit 




algebra i: a teaching textbook

author(s): greg and shawn sabouri

    over the years i have used several different algebra programs with my children. with peter, this is the fourth algebra program we have tried. for various reasons, they have never met our expectations. at long last with teaching textbooks algebra i, we have found one that works.


    before writing a review, i wanted to wait until peter had completed most of the textbook, so that i would avoid any unpleasant surprises. right now, he has completed about 2/3rds of the text and my opinion has not changed. this program is a homeschool mom's dream come true.



read more about algebra i: a teaching textbook 




robin hood and the golden arrow

author(s): robert d. san souciillustrator(s): earl b. lewis

robin hood and the golden arrow retells the classic story of robin hood and his men in the sherwood forest in the adventure of the archery contest. the villainous sheriff of nottingham intends to trap robin at the contest but the merry men turn the tables in this lighthearted retelling for younger children. the oversize format and colorful watercolors bring the well-known story to life, adding some details from the original sources. the author's note at the end of the book explains a little about the origins and sources of the classic tale.



read more about robin hood and the golden arrow 




pocketful of posies

author(s): salley mavorillustrator(s): salley mavor

the entire book was stitched and photographed, and it is one delightful page after another! enjoy the book's page at the author's website as it offers many inside views plus this series of posts that show a lot of interesting photos on the making of the book, posted by the author!



read more about pocketful of posies 




akimbo and the crocodile man

author(s): alexander mccall smithillustrator(s): leuyen pham

    this series for young readers, written by my favorite contemporary author, has all husband and i look for in a children's book:



read more about akimbo and the crocodile man 




do re mi

author(s): susan roth

    a dear blog reader recommended this picture book on the life of guido d'arezzo, the benedictine monk who came up with the system for writing music one thousand years ago–the same system we still use today. i requested it via inter library loan since our library does not own the title.



read more about do re mi 




all the world

author(s): elizabeth garton scanlonillustrator(s): marla frazee

illustrators are so crucial in picture books! if you love our favorite picture book, the seven silly eaters, you will love the illustrations in this one by the same artist. in a good picture book, the illustrations have the power to take you to another world, even if temporarily. illustrator marla frazee's style is captivating, warm, delightful!



read more about all the world 




louisa

author(s): yona zeldis mcdonoughillustrator(s): bethanne andersen

    i love picture books and i love biographies... and i love it when both are combined successfully! this warmly illustrated picture book tells of the most beloved american author louisa may alcott. her family was definitely sui generis, holding unusual beliefs and moving often, and louisa began thinking and writing poetry at a very young age.


    this picture book sheds light on what a noble soul louisa had, filled of generosity, integrity and character. highly recommended especially for young readers who love the wonderful little women author.



read more about louisa 



1 of 122older ›
 


search


search 




 


parent resources

homeschooling basics
parenting / organization
educational theory
alphabetical index of reviews
liturgical year resources
favorite suppliers
booklists
 


reviews by subject

art
civics
enrichment
geography
history
language arts
languages
literature
math
music
practical skills
religion
science
 


contributors




 alicia van hecke  

 elizabeth yank  

 ana braga-henebry  

 susan kalis  

 margot davidson  

 mary c. gildersleeve  

 willa ryan  

 suchi myjak  

 john van hecke  

 mary-eileen swart  

 mary daly  

 kris correira  

 karen edmisten  

 melanie bettinelli  

 mary zelinski  

 maria rioux  

 nancy gerdes  

 macbeth derham  

 young reviewers  

 guest reviewer  

 more...  

 

 







unless otherwise noted, all materials at this website copyright © 1998-2024, alicia van hecke, suchi myjak (webmaster), or individual authors.
all rights reserved.
site design & administration: suchi myjak
contact info: please e-mail us at admin at love2learn dot net for questions or concerns.




 







