


mike's rpg center




















games
manuals
updates











game guides


nintendo

battle of olympus
crystalis
destiny of an emperor
dragon warrior
dragon warrior ii
dragon warrior iii
final fantasy
ultima exodus
ultima quest of the avatar
willow
zelda
zelda ii



super nintendo

7th saga
arcana
lagoon
lord of the rings
final fantasy mystic quest
uncharted waters
zelda


genesis

buck rogers
shadowrun
sword of vermilion



pc

arcanum
baldur's gate
baldur's gate ii
betrayal at krondor
fallout
gothic
icewind dale
might and magic vii
neverwinter nights
risen
witcher



partial guides


super nintendo

final fantasy ii
new horizons
secret of mana
soul blazer
super mario rpg



pc

ultima vii: the black gate
ultima vii: serpent isle
ultima viii: pagan
ultima ix: ascension



updates


friday, may 7, 2021
hello, everyone. no, i didn't die on the bike tour. i just haven't updated this site for a while.
                  the blog i kept for the tour is still up in anyone
                  is interested.
i haven't made any significant updates, but i've fixed up a few things. my site should now work
                  properly through https, and page elements on the top and side of my site shouldn't be getting jumbled anymore.
i've also removed my contact page. my apologies to anyone who has emailed me in the last few years,
                  but i haven't been monitoring this email account in a long time, and i don't intend to start
                  doing so any time soon.
i hope everyone is staying safe during this time of pandemic.
wednesday, jan 30, 2013
hey, everyone!  this summer i'll be participating in a bike tour across north america to raise
                  money and awareness to help fight poverty.  unfortunately, that means i won't be able to spend
                  very much time on my site over the next several months, but it's for a great cause.  i need to
                  raise at least $10000, so please consider sponsoring me.  you can do so
                  here.
                  every little bit helps.  you can find more information about the bike tour
                  here.  i've also started a blog to document my preparation
                  for the tour and to help raise money.  please visit. thanks!
thursday, jan 24, 2013
i'm sorry i haven't been updating my site very often lately, but i've been busy with other stuff.
                  i've gone through my genesis guides and cleaned them up like i had done for my nes guides last year.
although there hasn't been much new activity on my site for the past while, there's no need to be
                  concerned that it will disappear any time soon.  i make enough money from the ads to pay all my
                  hosting costs, so i have no reason to take down the site.
saturday, jul 21, 2012
i've gone over all my nes guides and cleaned them up.  specifically, i've redone all my maps to make
                  them look a little cleaner and have added watermarks to them, since many people have been
                  copying them to other sites within my permission and without giving me credit. i spent
                  a lot of time on the zelda maps in particular, so they should be much easier to use. i've also
                  moved the list of maps to the root page for each game to speed up navigation.  finally,
                  i've added quick links to the top of each walkthrough so you can jump quickly to the
                  section you're looking for.



news archive



© 2000-2011 mikesrpgcenter.com.  all rights reserved.





