

































































hickory news | hickory, north carolina | read hickory, nc and north carolina breaking news. get latest news, events and information on north carolina sports, weather, entertainment and lifestyles.





















skip to main contentskip to main content










        we are currently undergoing maintenance on some services, which may temporarily affect access to subscription accounts and the e-edition. we apologize for any inconvenience and appreciate your patience as we work to resolve the issues.
    

















39°











 log in
                                    
subscribe






guest


logout

read today's e-edition





























news


local



business



crime



nation & world



politics



state



education



news tip




obituaries


share a story



recent obituaries



find an obituary




opinion


submit a letter



letters



editorials



columnists



cartoons




sports


high school



college



professional




lifestyles


event calendar



arts & theatre



movies & tv



music



contests



comics



games & puzzles



play



church directory



food & cooking



home & garden



health



get healthy



home & garden



parenting



fashion



people



pets



travel



faith



sponsored content


brand ave. studios




print edition


e-edition



today's ads



special sections



hickory record archives




buy & sell


place an ad



jobs



cars



marketplace



public notices



shop local



today's deal




shopping


curated commerce




customer service


manage subscription



activate digital subscription



newsletter sign-up



subscribe



contact us



help center



gift subscriptions


mobile apps


weather: live radar






facebook





twitter





linkedin





instagram








© 2025 lee enterprises
terms of service | privacy policy






















































































subscribe
read today's e-edition




























                                        subscribe
                                    




























                                                    log in
                                                








welcome, guest

my account
 dashboard
 profile
 saved items

 logout







e-edition

news

obituaries

opinion

sports

puzzles

lifestyles

public notices

jobs









39°
mist

























        
        
            gallery: highlights from friday night's basketball games

friday was the end of the regular conference basketball season. here are some highlights from two girls' games and two boys' games as hickory, fred t. foard and st. stephens closed out the western foothills athletic conference regular season.  

















        
        
            hickory boys basketball tops statesville to take 2nd in conference

“i’m just proud of this team, going 15-4 after replacing eight of 11 guys from last year.”

















        
        
            conover paper company to pay $460k in covid-19 business loan fraud settlement

the u.s. attorney's office said the company lied about its ties to china.

















        
        
            rotary club of hickory sunrise supports foundation

the club has been providing scholarship assistance to cvcc students since 2010.

















        
        
            frye regional medical center honors service

the banquet recognizes and honors employees who have reached significant milestones over the past year.

















        
        
            see high school basketball scores from friday night

see live updates of the high school basketball games between hickory and statesville on friday, feb. 14.  

















        
        
            5 newton-conover seniors looking to make an impact at wrestling regional, state tournaments

“these guys have really put time in to be as good as they are and have the senior season they deserve," said head coach justin shuffler.










            curated commerce
        
6 cbd oils to try for relaxation





                
                the latest


















        
        
            msa welcomes tonya thompson as new partner

in her new role, she will continue to support the governmental audit team, ensuring outstanding service and strategic guidance for clients.




















        
        
            stronglead welcomes sheree watson as leadership coach

prior to joining stronglead, she served as ceo of graystone eye.




















        
        
            after shooting her 4 kids, wyoming mom called 911

a gofundme account for cliff harshman, the father, had topped $44,000 by tuesday afternoon.












sponsored








        
        
            powerhouse partnership: big auto injury attorneys, the popok firm and ‘legal af’ podcast by meidastouch network unite for justice

content by big auto injury attorneys. learn more about meidastouch network’s “legal af” podcast's new partnership with big auto injury attorneys and the popok law firm.












                
                interact with us


















        
        
            download our mobile app for a customized experience!

download it today! 




















        
        
            get the most important news in your inbox as it happens. sign up for breaking news:

get it delivered to your inbox! 




















        
        
            explore local history with our digital newspaper archives!

visit our online archives for thousands of historical articles, obituaries and announcements. 




















        
        
            read the e-edition now – the digital replica of the newspaper!

updated every day! 





















                
                latest video




















        
        
            germany's scholz rebukes vance, defends europe's stance on hate speech and far right




















        
        
            vance berates european allies over free speech at munich security summit




















        
        
            the day after: 'robust post-war reintegration plan critical for sustainable free democratic ukraine'




















        
        
            doge website lacks detailed records despite musk’s 'maximally transparent' promise












                
                sports
                
                    


















        
        
            jaxson dart ends his ole miss career with 4 td passes and a 52-20 romp over duke in the gator bowl

jacksonville, fla. — jaxson dart's final college pass was a 69-yard touchdown that got him chewed out by coach lane kiffin on the sideline.




















        
        
            hunter and haggerty lead no. 21 memphis to 90-62 win at florida atlantic

boca raton, fla. — tyrese hunter scored 20 points and pj haggerty added 19 as no. 21 memphis beat florida atlantic 90-62 on thursday night in the american athletic conference opener for both teams.




















        
        
            saturday's bowl games

orlando, fla. — it was a season of iowa state comebacks. and fittingly, that’s how it ended for the cyclones.




















        
        
            horvath's 95-yard td helps run navy past oklahoma

fort worth, texas — blake horvath set a navy record with a 95-yard touchdown run and then scored a go-ahead 6-yarder with 4:34 left as the midshipmen overcame an early two-touchdown deficit and stopped a late 2-point conversion attempt to beat oklahoma 21-20 in the armed forces bowl on friday.













                
                listen now podcasts




















        
        
            tariffs rattle small businesses, an atmospheric river and religion news | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            drone damages chernobyl nuclear plant; egg prices hit record high | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            hamas to release 3 israeli hostages; musk talks deleting agencies | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            how can you reclaim focus in a digital world? | the ethical life podcast

🎧 explore ways to sharpen your attention, stay present and build better habits for a more mindful, productive life.














                
                life & entertainment
                
                    


















        
        
            movie review: 'heart eyes' tries for laughs but ...

franchise first, concept second. that’s the thinking behind “heart eyes.”




















        
        
            goodyear blimp at 100: from ronald reagan to ice cube, 'floating piece of americana' still thriving

at 100 years old, the goodyear blimp is an ageless star in the sky. 




















        
        
            'elsbeth' becomes a family affair for carrie preston

carrie preston didn’t think her husband, actor michael emerson, was interested in her series, “elsbeth.” now he has a recurring role on the cbs whodunit.

















                
                local events
                
            









 your browser settings are preventing events from loading. more info






×
 update settings to continue…


please try the following steps to enable.


open firefox settings → privacy & security → website privacy preferences
make sure "tell websites not to sell or share my data" is not checked.
make sure "send websites a do not track request" is not checked.




open chrome settings → privacy & security → third-party cookies
under advanced, make sure "do not track " is disabled.




open edge settings → privacy, search, and services
under privacy, make sure "send do not track" requests is not enabled
open cookies and site permissions → manage and delete cookies and site data
make sure "block third-party cookies" is not enabled




open your browser settings and make sure "do not track " is disabled.




                                open your cookie preferences.
make sure "targeted advertising" is toggled on.make sure "do not sell or share my personal information" is toggled off.click save











                
                partner
                
            









sponsored








        
        
            powerhouse partnership: big auto injury attorneys, the popok firm and ‘legal af’ podcast by meidastouch network unite for justice

content by big auto injury attorneys. learn more about meidastouch network’s “legal af” podcast's new partnership with big auto injury attorneys and the popok law firm.












partner








        
        
            news blues? how to cope with somber stories, headlines and notifications

get healthy. if you want to break your bad news cycle, here are five ways to manage your media diet and cope with somber stories, stressful headlines and anxiety-inducing notifications.












partner








        
        
            get smart about how omega-3 fatty acids help your brain

get healthy. if you want to boost your brain power by adding more omega-3s to your diet, here are three benefits.












partner








        
        
            fear of white coats: how to overcome iatrophobia, a fear of doctors

get healthy. it’s common to be nervous before a doctor’s appointment. but having a phobia means much more than general anxiety. here are a few signs that point to iatrophobia.
















                
                curated commerce
                
                    


















        
        
            6 cbd oils to try for relaxation

affiliate content. find the right cbd oils to fit your wellness routine. 




















        
        
            best greens powders for 2025: a nutritionist’s top 5

affiliate. we asked a nutritionist to share their top 5 greens powder picks to boost your daily nutrient intake and support overall health.




















        
        
            auto insurance rates set to rise in 2025: how to save on premiums

affiliate content. learn practical ways to reduce your auto insurance premiums in 2025. 




















        
        
            ozempic vs. semaglutide: 10 weight loss medications compared for 2025

affiliate. compare 10 weight loss medications to find the right one for you. 





























                
                local businesses
                
                    



















        
        
            surry arts council



                                        po box 141, mount airy, nc 27030
                                    






















        
        
            piedmont baptist church



                                        cathy olsen, kannapolis, nc 28081
                                    






















        
        
            save the children



                                        310 kerr street nw, concord, nc 28025
                                    
















                
                print ads
                
            






















services





        
        
            taylorsville savings bank, ssb
























services





        
        
            burke mortuary, newton
























services





        
        
            emergeortho foothills region







































×
















facebook





twitter









sites & partners


place an ad

today's deal

event calendar

join our team

newsletter signup

get healthy




services


manage subscription

contact us

advertise with us

licensing

dealer returns

shopping






                        © copyright 2025
                        hickory daily record, p.o. box 968 hickory, nc 28603-0968
                    

terms of use
|
privacy policy
|
advertising terms of use
|
do not sell my info
|
cookie preferences




                        powered by blox content management system from bloxdigital.com.
                    












notifications
settings






you don't have any notifications.



get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.

topics

breaking news

subscribe






news alert

subscribe

























