








loon lake lodge and rv resort - oregon coast rv sites - cabins - boats




































































skip to content










 


menu 
home
specials
about
lodging
rv / tent sites
rates
reservations
activities
directions
contact
541-599-2244
 









welcome to loon lake lodge & rv resort
our resort is open april 1st to october 31st
for information on the blm campground at loon lake (not associated with us), please call (541) 756-0100.





call for reservations
(541) 599-2244


cabins / yurts

our comfortable oregon coast cabins sleep up to eight people and we offer vacation rentals priced for all budgets, or try our yurts for an exceptional value!
read more


rv / tent sites

for some of the best camping in the oregon coast range, loon lake offers affordable rv and tent sites in a scenic location with your favorite amenities.
read more


boat rentals

enjoy exciting watersports at loon lake, offering ski and fishing boats,  sea-doos, pontoon boats and even a houseboat for fun on the lake! 
read more




receive specials information in our email newsletter. sign-up here for best rates, opening april 1st.


make your own family fun at our beautiful resort! loon lake lodge and rv resort offers you some of the best lodging and camping near the oregon coast.


with many types of cabins, plus yurts and rv and tent sites you will enjoy your days at loon lake and the activities of the oregon coast range and the nearby towns. a loon lake vacation is fun and affordable when you stay with us! our on-site marina offers boat, paddleboard, houseboat, pontoon boat and sea-doo rentals – you must be 18 or older to rent. our sandy beach with a volleyball court and the summer activities planned by our staff will bring lots of smiles to your entire family.











photo gallery

from the vistas of loon lake’s surrounding mountains to the scenic campgrounds near the oregon coast, our photo gallery shows you the beauty found here.
read more


area activities

a visit to loon lake lodge is just one of many oregon coast range area activities you can enjoy when you stay with us. find out about other fun things to do here.
read more


amenities

loon lake offers boat rentals, a sand volleyball court, convenience store and deli, nature trails, a sandy beach, and miles of wind-protected water for family fun. 
read more


oregon coast

 the sights, activities and attractions of the oregon coast – including the nearby oregon dunes national recreation area – are a popular vacation destination. 
read more


*loon lake lodge and rv resort is not responsible or liable for any issues that may occur beyond our control. this includes, but not limited to; area wide power outages, incidents of extreme weather including thunderstorms, flooding, or snow,  roadway closures to the property, and pandemics. loon lake lodge and rv resort is also not responsible for any property or bodily damages that may incur.
 









find us on


 
 

 
newsletter signupclick the "subscribe" button at right to receive our future email newsletters with current specials and discounts.
subscribe





lodging / campinglodging
rv / tent campsites
group facilities
make a reservation
contact us
 

about loon lakeabout loon lake lodge
our location
features & amenities
loon lake in the media
fun activities
 

articles & informationoregon coast information
oregon dunes
useful readings
rules / regulations
privacy policy
 

call for reservations
541-599-2244
loon lake lodge & rv resort
9011 loon lake road
reedsport, or 97467
loonlakelodgeandrv@gmail.com 






					© 2025 loon lake lodge rv resort with cabins, yurts or rv/tent camping sites - all rights reserved | terms of use - privacy policy 



this website uses cookies to improve your experience. we'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.accept read moreprivacy & cookies policy




close






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are as essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.

 





								necessary							


necessary

always enabled




									necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. this category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. these cookies do not store any personal information.								












save & accept










 ×  






















