












david g evans ministries | david g evans ministries




































































home
about
media

tv
radio
live


event
store
give
contact
 


select page


  
 



 



 







					[rev_slider alias="banner_slider_1"]
				
 
 




					 events and speaking engagements
				
 

					 join us! experience a powerful time of ministry and fellowship
				
 
find out more

 
 
 




welcome! 

 


 

					 i’m david evans and i’m grateful for the opportunity to meet you.  my passion is about sharing the word of god to empower you to live the life you were destined to have. starting with you, i want to change the world and offer the same change and deliverance i received, through christ!
i’m looking forward to sharing with you a fresh perspective of god’s word to lift your thinking and transform your life.  the show is called elevate and it’s a weekly broadcast that will deliver inspiring insight in a practical manner to allow breakthrough in your life.
let’s think higher! live higher!
isaiah 55:8-9
				
 
about

 



 
 
 





 



 

tvradiolive




					be sure to catch this week’s new series called the “law of success” as david evans discloses the reasons why most people struggle to become successful.
				
 

onpoint is bishop david g. evans’ live call-in radio talk show. it is another way he impacts the lives of others as he sets out to change the world and offer the same deliverance he received, through jesus christ.
wfil-560 am – saturdays at 9 a.m.
tune in

 

you’re invited you to join us and experience god moving at bethany baptist church!
sundays – 8-10am & 11am–1pm
 wednesdays – 7-9pm
 watch live 

 
 
 
 
 
 




this week’s offer

 

law of success – 3 part series

 

					 the three message series “the law of success” and two bonus messages, “overcoming failure” & “in christ i can” will help you to identify and overcome the fears that are holding you back from the good life god wants for you.
learn how to:

identify if you are operating in fear versus faith
stir up the gift of god within you
fight fear and win


 





 
 
order now

 



 
 
 




be the first to get updates and exclusive offers from david g. evans

 


	notice: javascript is required for this content.





 
 
 
 
   
 
 









  david g. evans ministrties  
 p.o. box 1312 voorhees  nj 08043  





  





			866-74.evans (38267)
		

   
	notice: javascript is required for this content.





    
 


designed by legacy worldwide   

 
 
 





































