



cherry web design - quality custom web site design
























































login to web email:

























































web design services
cherry web design offers professional web design and custom programming, tailored to meet the demands of today’s new technology for businesses, schools and organizations. don’t be captivated by cumbersome and cost burdening systems of yesterday.  take a step forward to a world of new innovative solutions with 24 hour, 7 days per week, 365 days per year service!  your company’s future depends on it! enhance your business with automated online communications, sales, service, information, data processing and other essentials with a cherryweb solution today! 
hosting services:

php - programing language compatibility
ssh telnet - secure telnet service
control panel- e-mail, aliases, spam filters, auto responders, web mail- mysql setups- bandwitdh monitor- satistics- password protected directories
ssl (secure socket layer) - secure connections to your website for data processing, sales, order processing, private company client or personnel data uploads and downloads connectivity anywhere in the world there is internet access.

custom programingcontact forms, shopping carts, inventory, data processing, credit card processing, calendars, scheduling, forum boards, auctions, classified add programs, searches, e-mail auto responders, online quotes, news pages, private administration,  exclusive company areas and programs that are password protected and maintained. we have programing specialists at our disposal that are versed in perl, php, html, java, mysql.
contact us today for a free quote


network camera installation
cherry web design installs network camera systems for businesses and private homes. our complete camera design service will match your specific video requirements with a custom built camera system. 
our services include wired as well as wireless lan connections up to 2 miles away from the base. the cameras can be  accessed through a pc , mac or a mobile device. remote access to the camera system is through the internet. 
possible camera system uses:

construction sites
office buildings (inside or outside)
farms,
warehouses
highways
towns
homes
vacation homes

equipment we use clearview and mobotix cameras for their picture quality, reliability and support. all the cameras can be configured for wireless as well as wired communications. cameras also have multiple alarm configurations with the ability to to send pictures via e-mail, ftp images and video streams as well as recording on an  internal sd card. most cameras also come with two way audio capability. 
softwarecameras come complete with their own software, however we prefer to use blue iris softwareand clearview software due to their simple to use interface and powerful camera management configuration that supports multiple cameras manufacturers as well as numerous scenarios for events and recordings.
requirements for internet accesshigh speed internet access is advised due to the bandwidth of the video stream. recommended upload speeds should be at least 200 kbps. dsl, cable, satellite, wireless cell data cards and t1 connections are good choices. 
contact us today for afree quote

















© copyright -2019 cherry web design. all rights reserved. 













site updatedthursday, january 10, 2019













cherry web policies













