











 


organic, natural, and clean cosmetics, and lifestyle blog by afterglow





















































skip to main content







afterglow cosmetics home page




makeup
lifestyle
connected
about us
 




open search panel




website search



            enter search term:        


execute search 













natural beauty is a way of life 

                    read our blog                




afterglow's beauty beliefs





                        why choose cosmetics with                    

                        certified organic ingredients?                    



learn more about why certified organic ingredients







                        are your cosmetics                    

                        gluten-free?                    



learn more about certified gluten free makeup





all-natural cosmetics
cruelty-free cosmetics
cosmetics for sensitive skin
gluten-free cosmetics
soy-free cosmetics
bismuth-free cosmetics
fragrance-free cosmetics
paraben-free cosmetics
organic cosmetics






                        what does it mean to be                    

                        certified cruelty-free by                    

                        leaping bunny and peta                    

learn more about certified cruelty free makeup







                        are your cosmetics                    

                        vegan?                    



learn more about vegan makeup










                        gluten-free facts unveiled                    

                        get the free ebook!                    





afterglow blog
natural beauty is more than just makeup, it’s a lifestyle.
every week we bring you tips & tricks to be your most beautiful self.






a comprehensive review of the cellpower hydrogen water bottle


  can this bottle slow down the aging process? when the topic of anti-aging comes up, one of the first recommendations you probably hear to maintain youthful, glowing skin and a healthy body is to “drink more water.”  this is good advice on the surface, but if you glance around, you’ll see a sea of…read more »






the 8 best natural & clean mascaras to try in 2023


a guide to the best natural and clean beauty mascaras of 2023 looking to discover the best clean mascara available today? are you one of those who will go completely bare-faced except for mascara? you’re not alone! many women claim mascara is one of their most important beauty buys. if this is you, i know…read more »






the 18 best natural & clean foundations of 2023


here are the most coveted natural and clean foundations of 2023, expertly curated by kristin adams, a natural cosmetic industry expert. if you are looking for the best natural and clean foundations, this post is for you! below are my 18 best natural and clean foundation picks for 2023 that approximate the formulation, vibration, and…read more »







we're on instagram!
let’s be friends!click to connect with us.












support navigation
faq
contact us
terms of service
privacy policy
accessibility
cookie policy & gdpr
ca privacy notice
 


enter your email address: 

home
makeup
lifestyle
connected
about us
contact us
faq
terms of service
privacy policy
accessibility
cookie policy & gdpr
ca privacy notice
 
©2025        afterglow cosmetics, inc. — all rights reserved.
    

 



close video modal













we are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website.
you can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in settings.



accept
reject

 


















close gdpr cookie settings






 


privacy overview




strictly necessary cookies




google analytics




userway accessibility




powered by  gdpr cookie compliance

 








privacy overview

this website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.





strictly necessary cookies

strictly necessary cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.




enable or disable cookies










if you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. this means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.







google analytics

this website uses google analytics to collect anonymous information such as the number of visitors to the site, and the most popular pages.
keeping this cookie enabled helps us to improve our website.




enable or disable cookies










please enable strictly necessary cookies first so that we can save your preferences!







userway accessibility

this website uses the userway accessibility widget to provide a better user experience for differently abled users. userway cookie policy.
disabling this cookie will remove additional accessibility features from the website.




enable or disable cookies










please enable strictly necessary cookies first so that we can save your preferences!












enable all
save settings

 











