








queens' college, university of cambridge

















  


skip to main content




open/close
open search

							queens' college cambridge



home
about uswho we are
the president
news & events
college information
environmental policy
fellows' publications, awards & media
the bridge magazine
contact information
academic & staff vacancies
documents & policies

applying hereconsidering queens'?
undergraduate applications
postgraduate applications
access and outreach
open days at queens'
postgraduate virtual and in-person open days
admissions office contacts

teaching & learningdirectors of studies
supervisions
library
computing
examinations
distinctions & awards
graduation
after graduation
tutorial office contacts

life at queens'freshers
accommodation
catering
student clubs & societies
college facilities
student admin
health & wellbeing services
summer research programme

alumni & supportgiving to queens'
fundraising priorities & projects
floreat domus magazine
alumni news & events
faqs
in memoriam
philanthropic news
stay in touch
notable queens' alumni
alumni & development office contacts

visiting the collegetravelling to queens'
site map
tourist information
visiting cambridge
history
access guide
the porters
events & hospitality









search




close









queens' college welcome to queens'














queens’ college supports world-leading teaching and research in a beautiful and welcoming environment, and has been in the heart of cambridge for more than five centuries.
our large, diverse and friendly community helps our students pursue their interests and achieve their full potential. today we are a thriving body of about 500 undergraduates, 450 graduates and more than 60 academics.   queens’ is committed to enabling the widest possible participation, and we especially welcome students from non-traditional backgrounds to join our academic community. towards this goal, we are pleased to announce the creation of 22 alexander crummell postgraduate scholarships to fund mphil and phd students, and encourage applications from all eligible candidates. 





 

professor martin dixon to be awarded honorary king's counsel

  we are delighted to offer our congratulations to professor martin dixon, fellow of queens' college and... 04/02/2025
professor martin dixon to be awarded honorary king's counsel 


queens' success in the gates cambridge impact prize

  the gates cambridge scholarship turns 25 this year, and they have kicked off their celebrations with... 13/01/2025
queens' success in the gates cambridge impact prize 


tribute to professor roderick smith

  it is with great sadness that the college has learned of the death of queens' honorary... 10/01/2025
tribute to professor roderick smith 

 
1 of 323
>












applying here
        queens' college is part of the university of cambridge, a world-leading university for teaching and research. the following pages cover everything you need to know about admissions to queens' college.  
 



teaching & learning
        these pages are for current undergraduate students and supervisors. students will find information about directors of studies, whilst supervisors will find information ranging from the practicalities of booking teaching rooms to different approaches to teaching in queens'.  
 



life at queens'
        queens' is a community of students, fellows and staff, and so the college is a place where people study, work and live. from these...  
 



alumni & support
        alumni are members of college for life. this brings a host of benefits such as reunion dinners, business networks and a worldwide queens' community.  
 

























contactscontact information
directories
student websites
sign in with raven

quick linksundergraduates
postgraduates
fellows
staff

legalterms of use
privacy and cookie policy
accessibility statement









copyright © 2025 queens' college, cambridge, cb3 9et, united kingdom, +44 (0)1223 335511
queens' college is a registered charity, registered with the charity commission for england and wales, number 1137495







sion for england and wales, number 1137495
















