






east hanover moving services - local ny, nj, ct real estate resources


















































toggle navigation





 

home
about us
contact us






east hanover online
ny, nj, & ct real estate/living resources















2021-07-23 





top destinations for people moving out of new york city

top destinations for people moving out of new york city




for outsiders, living in nyc is the dream. however, it might be the opposite for new yorkers. many of them are considering moving to another place for many reasons — the high cost of living, crowded streets, or crowded apartments, to name a few. if you’re one of those people who wish to relocate, here … 











2017-10-12 





5 home improvement tips before selling your house

5 home improvement tips before selling your house




the real estate market has been classified as a bad market in recent times due to its unpredictable nature. what most people don’t understand in this market is that what’s bad for sellers, can be good for buyers. we have witnessed the increase of savvy buyers in the real estate market trying to take advantage … 











2017-01-31 





ny mover guide – what to know before moving to east hanover

ny mover guide – what to know before moving to east hanover




if you’re looking to move out of the big city and into a more family-friendly area, east hanover is the perfect place for you. before you relocate your entire family and belongings to this new jersey town, it might be wise to do a little research about daily life and various opportunities that the city offers. this short guide below will give you a helpful overview of what you need to know before moving to east hanover and what you can expect from its small town charm.
transportation
many people who live in east hanover make a daily commute into new york city for their jobs and even those who don’t work in the city travel there often for shopping and sightseeing. with residents that visit the big apple on a consistent basis, east hanover has developed an easy-to-use transportation system. many buses and trains travel to and from the city, and almost all of the stations are close to a park-and-ride lot. if you own a car, you can also easily get to other major cities such as morrison and newark, as east hanover is conveniently located near major roads that include interstate 280 and route 10.
shopping
while east hanover is a small town, it still has many different shopping options that are located right within the area. the riverwalk plaza shopping center is an outdoor mall that offers a variety of clothing, accessories, home goods, and more. hanover commons is also a large shopping area that attracts many residents over the weekend. with high-quality restaurants, coffee shops, and plenty of shopping, it’s the perfect place to find everything you need while having an enjoyable afternoon.
education
whether you currently have kids or plan to have a family in the future, east hanover has several excellent schools that provide academic programs and activities for students.
the most popular elementary schools in the area include the frank j. smith school (grades k-2), the central school (grades 3-5), and the st. rose of lima academy and preschool, which is for pre-school students all the way to 8th grade.
high schoolers attend hanover park high school, where students can participate in theater programs, sports clubs, and sat prep courses. no matter what type of education you’re looking for, you’re bound to find the right fit for your child in east hanover.
attractions
although new york city is a short distance away, east hanover has its own fun attractions and activities that appeal to all ages. the funplex is an indoor amusement park where families can enjoy go-carts, laser tag, number cars, arcade games, and a 4d theater, and is perfect for birthday parties and large gatherings. another favorite activity that locals enjoy is visiting the troy meadows, which is a nature preserve that’s ideal for relaxing, hiking, having an outdoor picnic, and enjoying the beautiful surroundings.
moving from nyc to nj
living in east hanover definitely has its perks. with great schools, fun attractions, plenty of shopping, and affordable real estate, it’s a great place to live a slower pace life and raise a family. even if a job still ties you to the city, the convenient public transportation makes commuting to new york a breeze. if you’re looking for moving services to relocate out of the nyc with ease, here are a few manhattan moving companies that we recommend:
cheap movers nyc
433 broadway #2
new york, ny 10013
(646) 570-1698
nyc green line movers corp
88 9th street
brooklyn ny 11231
(718) 499 0505
westside movers
963 columbus ave.
new york, ny 10025
(212) 874-3800











2017-01-19 





5 reasons to love living in east hanover, nj

5 reasons to love living in east hanover, nj




if you’re looking to settle down and plant roots in a fun and family-friendly community, look no further than the peaceful town of east hanover, new jersey. with a welcoming and cozy atmosphere, natural scenery, and easy access to the thrills of new york city and newark, east hanover is the perfect destination to live. … 











2017-01-11 





reasons to move out of manhattan and into the suburbs now!

reasons to move out of manhattan and into the suburbs now!




living in the exciting borough of manhattan, or anywhere else in new york city, can seem like the ultimate dream to many people. with views of the statue of liberty, skyscrapers gracing the landscape, and access to luxurious restaurants, what more could you possibly ask for? however, what most people don’t realize is that unless you’re a celebrity or loaded with money, it’s nearly impossible to live in manhattan comfortably. if you’re struggling to make it in this part of the big apple, here are a few reasons why you should move out of manhattan and into a suburb like east hanover today!
high cost of living
the cost of living in manhattan is extremely high, so unless you’re making well into the six figures, it can be difficult finding affordable housing here. apartments tend to be two times more expensive here than in other states around the u.s. and are often small, cramped, and overpriced. shopping and dining out in manhattan is best left to the affluent, as one meal alone could cost as much as many people’s entire grocery budget. additionally, income taxes are among the highest in the nation, which means you’ll hand over a large chunk of your paycheck to the government before it ever hits your bank account. to pay for your apartment and daily living, you’re probably working a lot, maybe even overtime, which means you’re not getting to experience things that you often enjoy. by comparison, east hanover has low tax rates and more affordable real estate, which means your paycheck can go a lot further here.
unfriendly atmosphere
most people probably wouldn’t classify manhattan as a friendly and welcoming place. looking someone in the eye and smiling is considered unwelcome here and can get you into trouble with other residents. most days, you probably keep your eyes down, mind your own business, and have little to no contact with those around you. it can be tough to live in this kind of brooding environment, especially if you’re the kind of person who loves interacting and making new friends. on the other hand, east hanover is a small town with just over 11,000 residents. here, community involvement and neighborhood friendliness are encouraged. our small town spirit was best exemplified in the way the town came together in the wake of hurricane sandy back in 2012. everyone banded together to clean-up and get things back in order instead of looking to his or her own interests. aren’t those the kind of people you want to call neighbors?
daily grind
with the number of hours you spend working, taking public transit, grocery shopping without a car, and taking care of errands, the daily grind in manhattan can become exhausting. in fact, this way of living often creates a lot of loners in the city. most people come to nyc to further their career and spend most of their time working and living frugally, which hardly leaves the time or money to enjoy other aspects of life. escape the grind by moving to the suburbs, where you can have luxuries like a yard, an entire house, a shorter commute, and even a car to run your errands!
it’s not like the movies
as far as the sights and sounds go, manhattan is nowhere near as glamorous as most movies portray. the buildings and subways are filled with dirt and grime, and the streets are often lined with trash. one survey even ranked nyc as the dirtiest, loudest, and rudest of all the 35 major metropolitan cities in the us. if you’re looking for a cleaner place to live, with fresh air, then east hanover is your place! here, you can be free of the smog and pollution of the big city.
moving from manhattan into suburban life
with hard work and the right connections, moving from manhattan to the suburbs is definitely worth your while. you’ll be able to afford a nice living space, have more free time for friends or hobbies, and still be able to commute into the city. in the long run, moving will give you a better quality of life and a peaceful mindset while still living in the greater nyc area. if you’re looking for reliable movers to get you relocated, we recommend calling imperial movers nyc, a locally owned moving business that specializes in cheap moves to and from manhattan. this affordable moving company has been helping customers and providing exceptional services for over a decade.











2017-01-06 





the five best restaurants in east hanover

the five best restaurants in east hanover




from authentic mexican cuisine to delicious gourmet hot dogs, east hanover has plenty of restaurants and delis that are top notch status. with a large italian community, it also boasts fantastic pizzerias and italian restaurants. if you find yourself in this new jersey town ready to satisfy a craving, we’ve compiled a list below of … 















				copyright © 2025 east hanover online				privacy agreement









