












		education review
					











skip to main content
skip to main navigation menu
skip to about the journal
skip to announcements
skip to the current issue
skip to site footer




open menu


															education review
													













					past volumes
				



					aquired wisdom/legados pedagógicos
				



					think tank reviews
				



					submissions
				



					about
				



										about the journal
									



										editorial team
									



										copyright and open access policy
									



										privacy statement
									



										contact
									







										search
									







					register
				



					login
				












about the journal
welcome! education review (issn: 1094-5296) publishes reviews of recent books in english, spanish, and portuguese, spanning a wide range of education scholarship and practice across the globe. we also publish autobiographical essays highlighting the acquired wisdom and pedagogical legacies of esteemed education researchers.
sign up to receive regular updates on what we publish.


the best reviews of the 21st century
really? some excellent reviews have been published in education review in its more than 25-year history. these may not be the absolute “best,” but they are very good — reviews of good scholarship that rise to the level of good scholarship themselves. in the opinion of the education review editors, these reviews deserve a second look.




				announcements
			



			think tank reviews at education review
		


		2025-01-08
	

education review now offers monthly feature of nepc reviews of think tank reports.


				read more
			

				read more about think tank reviews at education review
			









				current issue
			

				vol. 32 (2025)
			




					published:
				

					2025-02-12
				





					book reviews
				










			review of networks of trust: the social costs of college and what we can do about them, by a. s. laden
					



			paul s. shaker
		





		
	pdf

	













			review of difference and sameness in schools: perspectives from the european anthropology of education, by l. gilliam and c. markom (eds.)
					



			kathryn m. anderson-levitt
		





		
	pdf

	













			review of the succeeders: how immigrant youth are transforming what it means to belong in america, by andrea flores
					



			antonio vásquez
		





		
	pdf

	













			review of punished for dreaming: how school reform harms black children and how we heal, by b. l. love
					



			abdulrahman alajmi
		





		
	pdf

	













			review of the way to inclusion: how leaders create schools where every student belongs, by j. causton et al. 
					



			kristy mccowan
		





		
	pdf

	













			reseña de desafíos ante la estigmatización en educación. prácticas creativas e inclusivas con medios digitales, by b. vigo-arrazola
					



			henar rodriguez navarro
		





		
	pdf (español (españa))

	













			resenha do livro pesquisando com os cotidianos: uma trajetória em processo por inês barbosa de oliveira
					



			mirian maia do amaral, luciana velloso
		





		
	pdf (português (brasil))

	













			review of the alternative university: lessons from bolivarian venezuela, by mariya p. ivancheva
					



			mark ginsburg
		





		
	pdf

	













			review of assessing students, not standards: begin with what matters most, by lee ann jung
					



			krystle bassett
		





		
	pdf

	













			review of assessing student learning by design: principles and practices for teachers and school leaders, by jay mctighe and steve ferrara
					



			jonathan brinley
		





		
	pdf

	








					nepc think tank reviews
				





			nepc review: reassessing essa implementation: an equity analysis of school accountability systems (edtrust, september 2024) [reprint].
					



			derek gottlieb
		





		
	pdf

	








			nepc review: learning systems: shaping the role of artificial intelligence in education (bellwether, september 2024) [reprint].
					



			t. philip nichols
		





		
	pdf

	









				view all issues
			






		language
	




						english
					



						español (españa)
					



						português (brasil)
					






		make a submission
	


			make a submission
		



books for review [english]

we are currently seeking reviewers for select books in english. please check out our book review wishlist featuring titles of recently published or soon-to-be-published books and consider submitting a review.



books for review [portuguese]

janeiro 2024

pedagogias fora e dentro da escola  
autoras:  viviane castro camozzato e patrícia ignácio
mais informações e livros
solicitar para revisão
mais informações para chamada



support


education review/reseñas educativas/resenhas educativas is supported by the scholarly communications group at the mary lou fulton college for teaching and learning innovation, arizona state university. 











 



 




education review 
issn 1094-5296








  maps and locations jobs directory contact asu my asu








copyright and trademark accessibility privacy terms of use emergency















