





















home | uc davis business law journal
























































      skip to main content
    






menu


uc davis business law journal


















uc davis business law journal






 












open search




search













main navigation (extended config)



          issues





archives





interviews




mastheads




symposium




          about





current members


join


submissions


subscriptions





contact


































            current issue
    




 



vol. 25, no. 1, january 2025
 


so delaware, maybe we should believe in magic after all? non-reliance clauses, movie scripts, and the sound of silence.





      
                  guzmán rodríguez carrau
      
      
    
  
              
  








premerger review of "killer acquisitions" in tech





      
                  zi xuan (daisy) chen
      
      
    
  
              
  








heeding christ’s charge to protect children: applying vicarious liability for mormon clergy abuse





      
                  quaid freeman
      
      
    
  
              
  








apple vs. the free internet? privacy and antitrust in mobile app advertising





      
                  brandon baum-zepeda
      
      
    
  
              
  



























                features
      
symposiumthe business law journal is proud to present:the law of innovation: from idea to ipofriday, february 21, 20259:30 a.m. - 3:30 p.m.@ king hall, room 1001panel 1: basics and foundationspanel 2: creation and protectionpanel 3: late stage developmentregister here  

















university of california, davis, one shields avenue, davis, ca 95616 | 530-752-1011

questions or comments? privacy & accessibility principles of community university of california sitemap last update: november 7, 2023 
copyright © the regents of the university of california, davis campus. all rights reserved.


this site is officially grown in sitefarm.















