

byg publishing, inc.















byg publishing offers the following free resources



the teenager's guide to the real world is getting
rave reviews across the country! 
this groundbreaking book by marshall brain is a great
guide for teens who want to take control of their lives, 
understand the adult world and launch themselves into success
at school, at home, in the workplace and in their interpersonal relationships.
the online site for the book
includes an amazing description, table of contents and the complete text of 20 
of the chapters from the book. it also includes a wide variety of 
free online resources
to supplement the book, including topics such as 
colleges, careers, studying resources, summer jobs, job skills, 
web page creation, teen organizations, smoking and much, much more.
see also:

how to make a million dollars



visit pink fern



understanding and controlling your finances
introduces you to the "world of personal finance." it helps you to 
sort out your financial options and shows you how to manage 
your financial resources more effectively.

careful parents helps parents understand how to keep their kids safe in today's high-tech world! for example, the site covers unexpected toxins that your child can easily get into around your home -- tylenol, honey and antifreeze can all be deadly in amazingly small doses. the site also covers a variety of physical hazards -- everything from dog and alligator bites to balloons and scalding water. if you are a parent, or if you are taking care of a friend's kids for the afternoon, careful parents is a must read site!



empahsis on teaching discusses the qualities of good teachers and good teaching. 



how stuff works
explains how things work in the world around you. if you have ever wondered how
your car's engine works or what makes a refrigerator cold, then this site's for you!

the bluebird house site
describes how to create a bluebird house kit that is easy to produce and costs very little. you can use the kits as
a youth project, or you can assemble them yourself and put them around your property if you are interested in attracting
bluebirds.




byg publishing, inc.
http://www.bygpub.com - info@bygpub.com
p.o. box 40492 - raleigh, nc 27629


questions or comments, email: 
questions@bygpub.com


© 1997 byg publishing, inc.












