


















home - st. mary's health system


















































































skip to content













about us

why st. mary’s health systemleadership

st. mary's board of directorssenior leadership team 
covenant healthage-friendly health carequality, safety & patient experiencenursing and patient care
mychartnews & eventsgivingcareerspricing 

(207) 777-8100


open search box








services





behavioral and mental health
cardiology
diagnostic imaging services
emergency department
endoscopy services
general surgery
 


gynecologic services
infusion center
laboratory services
neurology
nutrition center
orthopedics
 


physiatry
primary care
pulmonary medicine
rehabilitation
senior health
sleep disorders
 


urgent care
urology
workmed occupational health
wound care & specialty services
vascular surgery
virtual primary care
 
 




  





find a provider







for new patients







urgent care







our locations







billing & pricing




 
 

patients & visitors





billing & insurance
financial assistance
forms & resources
map
mychart and your health records
mychart
 


patients & visitors
directions and parking
your hospital stay
visitor guidelines
interpreter services
 


 
 




  





find a provider







for new patients







urgent care







our locations







billing & pricing




 
 

our missionwellness(207) 777-8100 



























 search  











lewiston, maine


 search  









our mission:
care you can
believe in








st. mary's gynecologic services:
your health
our commitment








st. mary's orthopedics:
here to get you
moving again








st. mary's virtual primary care:
the care you need
where you need it















find a provider







for new patients







urgent care







our locations







billing & pricing










primary care
health care as unique as you
do you need a primary care provider? call us to find a provider that fits your unique needs: (207) 777-8899.
our trusted primary care providers want to get to know you and your unique health care needs. they strive to walk alongside you and ensure you have the expertise and guidance you need at every step of your healthcare journey.
find a provider












									who we are								



									patient experience								



									quality care								



									no surprises act								




caring for lewiston since 1888
fueled by our legacy and mission, we continue to meet the evolving needs of the greater lewiston-auburn community. st. mary’s offers the combination of talented and compassionate caregivers and state-of-the-art medical technology to meet androscoggin county’s health care needs.
learn more


human-centered health care
we’re dedicated to delivering compassionate, comprehensive and highly personalized care that leaves you feeling confident, supported and prepared to navigate life’s health challenges.
our locations


consistency you can count on
over the past 130+ years, quality has become a hallmark of st. mary’s health system. we never stop working to improve quality, safety and the patient experience we deliver.
learn more


you have the right to receive a “good faith estimate” explaining how much your health care will cost.
pricing






























health and wellness
view all stories





thrive
community




for winfield “win” brown, all roads lead to lewiston






thrive
mindfulness




three steps to a less stressful and more joyful holiday season






thrive
recipe




recipe: cheddar-apple cracker bites






thrive
ask the doctor




relieving chronic pain – ally reppel, md






thrive
screenings




an extraordinary breast healthcare experience






thrive
ask the doctor




ask the doctor: is hip replacement considered routine surgery?





news & events
view all news














st. mary’s health system welcomes kelley stanley, md to poland family practice

st. mary’s health system is proud to announce the expansion of our primary care services with the addition of dr. kelley stanley to poland family practice!
read















cozy coats event - january 22

this program is part of a strategic 5-year plan to meet the behavioral health needs of the community and allows us to close serious gaps in the continuum of care.
read















it takes all of us
community members like you have kept high-quality care close to home for more 135 years. learn how you can help advance our mission and impact by contributing to the st. mary’s health system foundation.





learn more
ways to give
make a gift











thrive magazine
the fall issue is here! it’s filled with helpful health and wellness stories. we hope you’ll read it, subscribe to receive it and share it with your family and friends.
read the issue












st. mary's health system


						93 campus avenue
lewiston, me 04240					

(207) 777-8100





contact us
our locations



find a provider
price transparency
pay my bill
visiting st. mary’s



news & events
careers
care compare
thrive magazine



for health care professionals
about covenant health


































privacy policy
terms of use

copyright © 2025 st. mary's health system. all rights reserved.

hipaa privacy practices
nondiscrimination notice





 subscribe to thrive magazine
							




 



 translate
							

















(207) 777-8100find a providerour locationsurgent carerequest appointmentabout us

our historyleadership

st. mary’s board of directorssenior leadership back 
quality, safety & patient experiencediversity, equity and inclusionnursing and patient careabout covenant health back
covenant healthservices

behavioral and mental health services

adult inpatient behavioral and mental health servicesadolescent behavioral and mental health servicesbehavioral emergency departmentinpatient treatment for substance use, abuse, and addiction  back 
cardiologydiagnostic imaging servicesemergency departmentendoscopy servicesgeneral surgerygynecologic servicesinfusion centerlaboratory servicesneurologynutrition centerorthopedicsphysiatryprimary carepulmonary medicinephysical/occupational/speech therapysenior healthsleep disordersurgent careurologywound care & specialty servicesworkmed occupational health servicesvascular surgery back
patients & visitors

billing & insurancefinancial assistanceforms & resourcesmychart and your health recordsdirections and parkingyour hospital stayvisitor guidelinesmychart back
mychartour missionwellnesssupport st. mary’spricingcareersnews & eventscontact us

			× close panel		

























