


auto dealerships for sale, auto dealership broker - gordon page and associates automobile dealership brokerage (buy sell planning of dealerships assisted) and consulting firm offering listings of auto dealerships for sale and providing intermediary services for car dealerships and franchises.























mr. gordon thomas page
      

      september 2, 1936 - january 25, 2018



info@gordonpage.net








             




gordon 
            thomas page, 81, of tampa, florida went to be with our lord and 
            savior january 25, 2018. he was born on september 2, 1936 in 
            detroit, michigan and moved to tampa in 1989. he is survived by his 
            beloved wife, linda, of 60 years and sons, gordon, jr., lance, todd 
            (erika) page; grandchildren, ty, isla, ella, weston and briggs page; 
            sisters-in-law, nieces and nephews. he was predeceased by his father 
            and mother, edward and bertha (andrus) page, brother, gary page, and 
            mother-in-law, hedy stenzel. gordon was a graduate of cass technical 
            high school. he was a member of wayne state university’s class of 
            1958, pi kappa alpha fraternity and spent the summer of 1957 in 
            europe with the men’s glee club on a uso tour entertaining american 
            troops. he owned chevrolet dealerships in athens, ohio and 
            milwaukee, wisconsin. he spoke at national automobile dealers association 
            conventions and authored and published the book "deals on wheels.” he 
            owned an automotive consulting firm, gordon page & associates, which 
            allowed him to assist new car dealers nationwide. he was a member of idlewild baptist church 
            in lutz, florida and enjoyed 
            singing in the choir. he was a great husband, father and friend. he 
            will be dearly missed. 


            https://www.dignitymemorial.com/obituaries/tampa-fl/gordon-page-7741240



       



kiyosa newman
november 04, 2019 | 
      winona, ms
grief can be so hard, but 
      our special memories help us cope. remembering you and your loved one 
      today and always.
 






thomas corde
september 18, 2019
he was like a father to me, 
      the greatest salesperson i have ever known, took me under his wing and 
      nurtured me. to  mrs. page and the boys, may the love and the peace 
      of god bind your hearts and minds now and forevermore.
 






tom parmer
may 5, 2019
i just found this. so sorry 
      for your loss. i lived down the street on briarwood dr in athens ohio. 
      gordie and i would play together and we rode the same school bus. i guess 
      they never found him. rip.
 



brittany williams
january 29, 2019
sorry for your loss. i just 
      watched on unsolved mysteries about son. i pray you guys have peace.
 



jerry holzimmer
march 5, 2018 
      | rochester hills, mi
long time friend from grosse 
      baptist church. sill remember a group of fellows were at church picnic on 
      bob-lo island and saw a group of girls from my high school (denby). we 
      talked a little and that is where gordon met linda and the rest is 
      history. praying for you linda and you family.
 



ralph salansky
march 01, 2018 
      | naples, fl
to one of my very best 
      friends that i have known since august, 1950. gordon has been my very 
      faithful friend for all of these 68 years. how many folks can say that !! 
      i have enjoyed gordon & linda so much during my life as my christian 
      buddies since we have shared many happy and some very sad moments from 
      time to time. i will never forget our trip to the hawaiian islands 
      together in 1961. what a joyous and memorable time we experienced together 
      seeing all the sites and coming home with such a deep tan that my children 
      didn't know who we were.

      i feel very honored and blessed in living my earthly life knowing the page 
      family and look forward to a heavenly reunion with our members who have 
      gone on before us and as we prepare ourselves for an eternity with our 
      lord an savior. may we all live in remembrance of our wonderful friend, 
      gordon.
 



rebekah peterson
february 28, 2018 
      | minneapolis, mn
may your pain subside and 
      warm memories of time together take its place. i will always keep an eye 
      out for gordie, always.
 



david zink
february 22, 2018 
      | port austin, mi
to linda todd and lance 
      words cannot describe the feeling i have of your loss of mr. page,there's 
      been so many years since we seen each other i have been following the 
      where is gordy's post on facebook.

      your family was always our favorite neighbors.
 



patty garner
february 21, 2018 
      | henderson, ky
mr. page, i'm sorry you 
      never got to learn what happened to gordie before you left us, but you 
      will get the answers you need now that you're with god. may he wrap his 
      arms around you and comfort you from now on. my thoughts and prayers are 
      with your loving family.
 



john clark
february 12, 2018 
      | smyrna, de
to the family of gordon. 
      sorry to hear about your loss. gordon and i were pledge brothers at wayne. 
      i enjoyed his friendship during our time at wayne. may your thought of 
      gordon be happy ones as i remembered the great times we had together in 
      fellowship. bless you, gordon. ppka
 



carol (andrus) and richard wazlavek
february 10, 2018 
      | canton, ga
richard and i were so sorry 
      to hear of my cousin gordon's passing. growing up and living in atlanta, 
      our interaction with the family in michigan was limited to a number of 
      summer trips in various station wagons, but they were memorable. i dearly 
      loved aunt bertha, and loved visiting her home where she would show me 
      around her flower garden (that's where i got that bug!) i only remember 
      gordon and gary from when they were already young men - all the more 
      reason to impress me! i loved gordon's "bigger than life" personality, and 
      am still proud to point out his book to people i've advised about buying 
      cars. prayers and condolences to linda, the boys, and the rest of the 
      family.
 



miska upton
february 08, 2018 
      | tampa, fl
gordon will truly be missed. 
      my husband ron and i dearly loved this precious man. he had a heart of 
      gold and was such a blessing to our family. we enjoyed his singing heart 
      in our choir for many presentations and services. linda and family you are 
      in our prayers. until we meet on the side and sing a song there. god bless 
      you. all our love.
 



wayne and mary stefanko
february 08, 2018| columbus, oh
dear linda, gordon jr., 
      lance and todd, sorry to hear of your husband and father's passing. but as 
      the apostle paul tells us in scripture, "to be absent from the body, is to 
      to be present with the lord!" what a blessing we have as christians, 
      knowing that you will see him again in glory!

      wayne and mary stefanko- (previous members of garfield baptist church)
 



aj and don
february 04, 2018 
      | tampa, fl
a member of our seekers 
      family who will be sorely missed. his infectious smilie and greeting was 
      uplifting. rip gordon.

 



les and hope barnett
february 02, 2018 
      | tampa, fl
may his memory be a blessing 
      for all time.
 



bob and jane mitchell
january 28, 2018 
      | pewaukee, wi
gordon and linda page and 
      their three boys were nearby neighbors to us when they lived in 
      brookfield, wisconsin, they were active members of our church and 
      respected in the automobile sales business. in those days, the country 
      went through tough financial times, and gordon had to shut down his 
      chevrolet dealership. with his positive christian attitude, gordon never 
      gave up, and even wrote a book then. he alway advised people to have a 
      "god-filled day". - bob&jane mitchell & family

 



       




       












