




caregivers support | touch community services














































                                shop
                            

                                contact us
                            

                            sign in/sign up
                        







                                    my account 


my dashboard

my profile

logout













donate 










                                        get assistance 






our resources


                                                                tips and articles
                                                            



                                                                events and workshops
                                                            



                                                                community stories
                                                            





our services



                                                                            caregivers
                                                                        



                                                                            children, youth, and families
                                                                        



                                                                            corporate programmes
                                                                        



                                                                            counselling and mental wellness
                                                                        



                                                                            cyber wellness
                                                                        



                                                                            professional deputies and donees
                                                                        



                                                                            school programmes
                                                                        



                                                                            seniors
                                                                        



                                                                            special needs
                                                                        










                                        get involved 





                                                    how you can help
                                                



                                                    donate
                                                



                                                    volunteer
                                                



                                                    partner with us
                                                



                                                    fundraise
                                                



                                                    legacy giving
                                                



                                                    community stories
                                                






                                        about us 





                                                    who we are
                                                



                                                    awards & accolades
                                                



                                                    our financials
                                                



                                                    annual reports
                                                



                                                    media centre
                                                



                                                    join our team
                                                



                                                    community stories
                                                



                                                    our locations
                                                



                                                    touch in the news
                                                















                                    donate 
                                



                                    volunteer 
                                






                                        shop
                                    

                                        contact us
                                    

                                    sign in/sign up
                                

                                    my profile
                                

                                    my dashboard
                                

                                    logout
                                




                                    donate 
                                



                                    volunteer 
                                



























session expired
your current session has expired. please refresh the page to continue.





refresh























caregivers support  


 
we help caregivers live well by leveraging their strengths and building a supportive care network around the family. knowing where to turn to for help can make all the difference when you’re caring for a loved one. 


































                    caregivers support care line
                

feeling stressed and unsure of how you can better care for your loved ones? don’t worry — our care coordinators are here for you.
they are trained to deal with common issues that caregivers face. since 2012, they have been helping around 150 caregivers every month to brainstorm practical care solutions.
call or whatsapp us at 6804 6555
monday – friday, 9:00am – 5:00pm (except public holidays)




















                                other ways to contact us
                            



 
email us about your caregiving situation
 caregivers@touch.org.sg
join our support groups
you will find a safe space to share stories and challenges, and get tips on caring for your loved ones.
 facebook caregivers support group (for seniors)
 facebook caregivers support group (for persons with special needs)
 telegram caregivers support group

















                    empowering your caregiving journey 
                
together with your loved ones, you can thrive in our community. our programmes are designed to care for you and build a strong support network around you and your family. 






carer lighthouse 
in-person group session 
caregivers 
this two-month programme connects caregivers and equips them with relevant resources for support.  
examples of topics discussed: 
stress management communication long-term care planning
get in touch with us to learn more about this programme.






customised talks and workshops 
advocating for caregiving 
community & corporate partners 
we work with our partners to customise talks and workshops for the community, raising awareness for caregiving issues. 
get in touch with us to explore partnership opportunities. 






collaborating with caregivers 
advocating for caregiving 
caregivers, community & corporate partners 
as caregiving needs grow more complex, we leverage our partnerships to empower caregivers now and in the future.  
get in touch with us to discuss potential projects. 






volunteering opportunities 
advocating for caregiving 
members of public 
join us in advocating for caregivers by participating in our roadshows and other outreach events. 
volunteer with us and make a positive contribution to caregivers in our community. 


















                        explore more services
                    






home-based training (raise) 

                                    we offer a short-term home-based skills training programme, providing holistic support for persons with disabilities and their caregivers.
                                



                                    learn more
                                






professional deputies and donees

                                    we provide qualified professionals who can be appointed as deputies or donees to manage the affairs and decisions of individuals who lack mental capacity.
                                



                                    learn more
                                






counselling and mental wellness

                                    we empower individuals with therapy and counselling, promoting mental wellness nationally through programmes for students and employees.
                                



                                    learn more
                                
















hear from the people we’ve helped 






























caregivers



“if it had not been for touch, i do not know how my son will be like today. i trust the life skills coaches. they are always so patient and will involve me when there are activities for caregivers.”  
mdm tan hum seow, 77, caregiver to her 54-year-old son with an intellectual disability
read more













caregivers



“i’m now more aware of caregiving resources, and i enjoy learning from the experiences of other caregivers.” 
mr glenn poh, caregiver to his 73-year-old mother who has dementia 
read more




































                                    all services
                                

                                    donate
                                

                                    volunteer
                                






contact us









tcs@touch.org.sg








blk 162 bukit merah central
#05-3545 singapore 150162
(view on google maps)
















office

+65 6377 0122



fax

+65 6377 0121














follow us on














































































                            acceptable use policy
                        

                            terms of use
                        

                            privacy policy
                        


                        © touch community services ltd 2025. all rights reserved.
                    
























