






healthy home


































































country












english



简体中文



繁體中文



español








							login
						


customer login
member login















  shop
products

stemactive
stemactive gel
stemactive pets
amaze
prime
ao·12


join
company

our story
passport to paradise
now 2025


  













welcome to healthyhome, and a healthier, happier you. make the home the center of your health with the right products that make you feel your best.
watch now to learn more!


























stemactive
stem cells are critical for your body's repair and rejuvenation systems.
learn how stemactive helps to increase the supply of circulating stem cells in your body and why that’s important to you and those you love. now with ac-11®!
learn more













stemactive gel
stemactive gel is designed to boost the number of master cells in your body known as stem cells.
these cells play a key role in healing and repair, combating aging and illness. support your health with stemactive gel, an essential addition to your wellness routine.
learn more


















amaze
loss of collagen might show up as wrinkled or sagging skin, weakened or sore muscles, discomfort in joints, weakened or lifeless hair, and more.
adding amaze, a clean, all-natural collagen to your daily routine helps your body to produce more of this critical cellular structure so you look and feel your best.
learn more
















ao•12
fortifiy your body’s defense against free-radical damage with powerful antioxidants from nature.
our cutting-edge formula in ao•12 absorbs into your body easily, helping become a protective force in immune-system support.
learn more
















prime
uncover a groundbreaking discovery in cardiovascular medicine that not only supports heart health, but also significantly slows down aging.
meet prime, an exclusive nitric oxide booster designed for more than just heart health.
learn more


















stemactive pets
fortifiy your body’s defense against free-radical damage with powerful antioxidants from nature.
optimize your pet’s health with stemactive pets, a premium stem cell supplement.
							this daily chewable uses patented technology and breakthrough stem cell research to deliver the most effective ingredients providing your pet with optimal health.
learn more












quality counts













cgmp
 current good manufacturing practice regulations as established by the u.s. food and drug administration. cgmps provide for systems that ensure proper design, monitoring, and control of manufacturing processes and facilities.









nsf
the product has been tested by one of the most respected independent certification companies in existence today, nsf, with a focus on ensuring public health, safety, and environmental quality. 









usp
the u.s. pharmacopeia monitors uniform preparations for the most commonly used drugs and supplements, with tests to ensure their quality, potency, and purity. the usp verified mark on a dietary supplement label confirms that what’s on the label is in the bottle, and it allows consumers and healthcare professionals to choose supplements with confidence. 





























healthyhome



product returns: 3581 s mountain vista parkway, provo ut 84606
						
corporate office: 350 s 400 w, lindon, ut 84042

english: support@healthyhome.com
							
chinese: chsupport@healthyhome.com
							
spanish: soporte@healthyhome.com
							
product information: productquestions@healthyhome.com

main customer care: 1-385-323-5377
								
toll free customer care: 1-833-596-7100
						


















useful links




subscription policy
terms & conditions
member login
enroll as executive member
enroll as member
privacy policy
refund policy 














all transactions are processed in the usa
































processing, please wait…


we care about your privacy! we use cookies to personalize your experience and keep things running smoothly. you can choose to accept all cookies or opt out.i understandopt out




