













































dailytoreador.com | the voice of the texas tech community since 1925.
   


















skip to main content






                        sign up
                    


                        log in
                    







                            dashboard
                        



                            logout
                        








my account
 dashboard
 profile
 saved items



 logout
                        












home


about us

contact us

advertise with us

print edition

corrections

archives

local events

promote your event


news





la vida


profiles




sports


football

men's basketball

women's basketball

baseball

softball

women's soccer

tennis

golf

track/cross country

volleyball




opinions


columns

cartoons

blogs

editorials

letters to the editor

submit a letter




multimedia


photo gallery

video gallery

podcasts


puzzles



classifieds





special sections


spike dykes

housing guide


toreador housing



buy photos





work for us


dt advertising & delivery

la ventana

daily toreador






facebook





twitter





youtube





instagram



























site search





search









donate here!







menu
























                                                        search
                                                    















open user controls






log in using your account
log in




don't have an account? sign up today














my account
 dashboard
 profile
 saved items



 logout
                        
















17°












 home


news


la vida


sports


multimedia


opinions


puzzles


classifieds


special sections


toreador housing


buy photos


work for us











weather alert





extreme cold warning until thu 12:00 pm cst














weather alert


...extreme cold warning remains in effect until noon cst thursday...

* what...dangerously cold wind chills as low as 17 below zero
expected.

* where...the south plains, rolling plains, and the far southern
texas panhandle.

* when...until noon cst thursday.

* impacts...the cold wind chills as low as 17 below zero could
result in frostbite or hypothermia if precautions are not taken.

precautionary/preparedness actions...

dress in layers including a hat, face mask, and gloves if you must
go outside.

keep pets indoors as much as possible.

make frequent checks on older family, friends, and neighbors. ensure
portable heaters are used correctly. do not use generators or grills
inside.

&&


























        

        
            tech to focus on second-half scoring ahead of cincinnati matchup

texas tech women’s basketball (14-13, 3-11 big 12) will look to tighten up its second-half offense against the university of cincinnati (14-10, 6-8 big 12) at 6 p.m. wednesday in the united supermarkets arena. 























        

        
            measles cases reported in west texas in unvaccinated individuals

a drive-up measles vaccine clinic will be offered for unvaccinated individuals from 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. tuesday-thursday at lubbock public health, located at 2015 50th st. 























        

        
            tcma creates comedic short film

every year, texas tech’s creative media association brings student filmmakers together to create a short film. 























        

        
            tech, baylor participate in play4kay initiative, raise cancer awareness

one out of every eight women is diagnosed with breast cancer in their lifetime, a cause near to texas tech women’s basketball. 
























        

        
            baylor’s late-game defense holds tech scoreless

texas tech women’s basketball fell short to no. 25 baylor university 66-60 after a late-game defensive stand from the bears held the lady raiders scoreless for the game’s final two minutes on saturday in the united supermarkets arena. 























        

        
            no. 12 tech matches three-point record in victory over osu

no. 12 texas tech men’s basketball matched a program-record 16 three-pointers on saturday to defeat oklahoma state university 93-55 in stillwater, oklahoma. 























        

        
            lincoln records perfect game; tech softball sweeps day 2

no. 8 texas tech softball freshman pitcher samantha lincoln tossed a perfect game saturday at the bevo classic to help the red raiders earn a day-two sweep over the university of massachusetts 3-0 and defeat the university of maryland 4-1. 





















                
                news
                
                    























        

        
            measles cases reported in west texas in unvaccinated individuals

a drive-up measles vaccine clinic will be offered for unvaccinated individuals from 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. tuesday-thursday at lubbock public health, located at 2015 50th st.  read moremeasles cases reported in west texas in unvaccinated individuals























        

        
            police blotter: tech pd responds to several alcohol-related reports

all information is pulled from the texas tech police department crime log.  read morepolice blotter: tech pd responds to several alcohol-related reports























        

        
            lubbock incentivizes student teachers to stay

with incentives from lubbock independent school district including paid residencies, early contracts and signing bonuses, a majority of texas tech student teachers cho… read morelubbock incentivizes student teachers to stay
























        

        
            professors advance heart research with aha funding

three texas tech professors received funding from the american heart association to support the research of cardiovascular diseases and events, the leading cause of de… read moreprofessors advance heart research with aha funding























        

        
            department of education budget cuts raise financial aid concerns

roughly $370 million in financial aid is disbursed to 76 percent of texas tech students, and their access to this resource could be at risk after recent budget cuts in… read moredepartment of education budget cuts raise financial aid concerns























        

        
            leda works to increase city’s post-graduation retention rates

lubbock economic development alliance is striving to secure and expand its impact on college students through focused programs and marketing strategies that promote st… read moreleda works to increase city’s post-graduation retention rates










more news













                
                trending now
                
            






        

        
            lincoln records perfect game; tech softball sweeps day 2



        

        
            tech rowing paddles past obstacles for team growth



        

        
            department of education budget cuts raise financial aid concerns



        

        
            tech softball looks for undefeated weekend in bevo classic



        

        
            no. 1 texas run-rules tech softball 11-0










                
                editor's picks
                
            









+3











        

        
            tech, baylor participate in play4kay initiative, raise cancer awareness

one out of every eight women is diagnosed with breast cancer in their lifetime, a cause near to texas tech women’s basketball. 























        

        
            loved ones remembered at annual techsan memorial

on march 22, 2023, jayne roberts lost her only grandson. 























        

        
            ‘we're a failing nation:' trump, harris debate for first time

former president donald trump and vice president kamala harris debated for the first time tuesday night, using the 90 minutes to outline campaign ideals and take ample…












+3











        

        
            will rogers, soapsuds wrapped in school tradition

texas tech’s campus features a lot of traditional aspects. from spanish architecture to memorial circle and flowerbeds filled with colorful tulips, features like these…















                
                sports
                
                    






















        

        
            tech men's basketball cracks top-10 in ap poll

texas tech men’s basketball has only progressed since entering the associated press polls on jan. 27, most recently moving up to no. 9 in the country on monday.  read moretech men's basketball cracks top-10 in ap poll























        

        
            no. 9 tech to ride road momentum against tcu

after a program-high 38-point road victory on saturday, no. 9 texas tech men’s basketball (20-5) will continue its road trip at 7 p.m. tuesday against texas christian … read moreno. 9 tech to ride road momentum against tcu























        

        
            no. 1 texas run-rules tech softball 11-0

the nation’s leading transfer class wasn’t enough to prevent old traditions as no. 1 university of texas run-ruled no. 8 texas tech softball 11-0, marking the fifth ti… read moreno. 1 texas run-rules tech softball 11-0
























        

        
            tech track and field sets multiple records in separate meets

texas tech track and field broke multiple records and set new personal bests while competing in two different meets on friday and saturday.  read moretech track and field sets multiple records in separate meets























        

        
            no. 12 tech set for rematch against osu

no. 12 texas tech men’s basketball (19-5) will attempt a series sweep of oklahoma state university (12-12) at 2 p.m. saturday in stillwater, oklahoma.  read moreno. 12 tech set for rematch against osu























        

        
            tech softball looks for undefeated weekend in bevo classic

no. 8 texas tech softball is headed to rival territory for the university of texas tournament friday through sunday in austin. the red raiders will face no. 1 universi… read moretech softball looks for undefeated weekend in bevo classic










more sports














                
                follow us on twitter
                
                    


tweets by dailytoreador 








                
                latest galleries
                
                    










+21











        

        
            lady raiders fall 66-60 to baylor in #play4kay game











+17











        

        
            no.12 tech defeats arizona state 111-106 in double overtime











+12











        

        
            tech rodeo team hosts weekly jackpot events











+10











        

        
            friends play billiards in sub














                
                la vida
                
                    























        

        
            first tech challenge pushes young engineers into gear

middle and high schools across west texas have spent the past six months getting into gear to compete in first tech challenge, a youth robotics competition put on by t… read morefirst tech challenge pushes young engineers into gear























        

        
            tcma creates comedic short film

every year, texas tech’s creative media association brings student filmmakers together to create a short film.  read moretcma creates comedic short film























        

        
            tech’s sibling saturday reconnects students, siblings

texas tech’s 16th annual sibling saturday event on feb. 15 merges family bonding with tech traditions by using interactive themes and events for all ages.  read moretech’s sibling saturday reconnects students, siblings
























        

        
            student incorporates hip-hop, graffiti into art

the smell of paint fills the room as hip-hop beats through headphone speakers. canvases are spread across the floor and rough sketches line the walls.  read morestudent incorporates hip-hop, graffiti into art























        

        
            dagrosa takes degree beyond us

setting her bag down on the conveyor belt, the young woman prepares herself as she heads to board the plane. soon she will be far away from the united states with a de… read moredagrosa takes degree beyond us























        

        
            tech rowing paddles past obstacles for team growth

what started as a small group of texas tech students passionate about rowing has quickly evolved into a devoted team competing in regattas and facing the challenges of… read moretech rowing paddles past obstacles for team growth










more la vida












                
                text links
                
            



dt's print issue
dt's 2023 raiderlife
dt's 2023 raiderland
dt's 2023 raiders' choice winners
dt's 2023 fall housing guide
strengthsquest










                
                latest video
                
                    










1:31











        

        
            centennial wrap up

a slideshow of photos capturing various centennial events in honor of texas tech's birthday.  












2:14











        

        
            finals prep; spots for studying on campus

follow rebecca salas as she shows her favorite, under–appreciated places on campus to get prepared for finals. 












2:34











        

        
            fight night or finals fright? students share opinions

whether it’s fighter versus fighter or students versus finals, the final match is coming! check out what students have to say about pop culture news.  












0:07











        

        
            space exploration raiders test rover















                
                opinion
                
                    





















        

        
            sniper elite resistance offers little change from previous installment

rebellion’s sniper elite resistance release on jan. 28 on all platforms. it serves as a prequel to the previous installment, sniper elite 5 as it follows the french re… read moresniper elite resistance offers little change from previous installment























        

        
            doncic trade causes uproar in dallas maverick community

dallas mavericks fans are in the midst of a frenzy after the trade of franchise guard luka doncic to the los angeles lakers.  read moredoncic trade causes uproar in dallas maverick community























        

        
            tila's thai cuisine simple but tasty

the classic scent of roasted peanuts fills the air before the first bite is taken. upon taste, the mixture of fresh and tangy flavors hit the taste pallet with the sig… read moretila's thai cuisine simple but tasty
























        

        
            'one of them days' simple fix for bad day

“one of them days” is the perfect heartfelt comedy for anyone needing a little extra help to get through one of them days.  read more'one of them days' simple fix for bad day























        

        
            marvel rivals’ animations bring characters to life

released on dec. 6, 2024, by netease games, “marvel rivals” is the newest hero shooter on the block that maintains an atmosphere ripped straight out of the comics alon… read moremarvel rivals’ animations bring characters to life























        

        
            'black ops 6' repeats problem areas of previous iterations, good overall

the sixth installation in the “black ops" series for “call of duty” released at 11 p.m. on oct. 24 with many jumping in to see how it measures up to its previous itera… read more'black ops 6' repeats problem areas of previous iterations, good overall










more opinion








                
                local events
                
                    











































facebook





twitter





youtube





instagram







dailytoreador.com
    texas tech university
    lubbock, tx 79409
    
phone: 806-742-3388
email: dailytoreador@ttu.edu





                
                sections
                
            



news


sports


la vida


local events


opinion


corrections


photos


videos


weather





                
                services
                
            



about us


contact us


advertise


submission forms


promote your event







×
browser compatibility


your browser is out of date and potentially vulnerable to security risks.we recommend switching to one of the following browsers:

microsoft edge
google chrome
firefox










© copyright 2025
daily toreador - dept. of student media, texas tech university
texas tech university, lubbock, tx

 | terms of use

 | privacy policy

powered by blox content management system from blox digital.
















