





























northern nevada medical center | reno and sparks, nv





















skip navigation



 





find a doctor
health records online
physician portal



search


775-331-7000775-331-7000



loading
















menu









back







close






services featured services: behavioral health 
diagnostic imaging 
ear, nose and throat care 
emergency services 
cardiovascular care 
heartburn and reflux center 
laboratory services 
lung care 
neurology 
orthopedics and surgical services 
podiatry 
rehabilitation services 
stroke care 
telehealth 
wound care 


patients & visitors patient services: patient information 
health records online 
advance directives 
price guide 
no surprises act 
patients are our top priority 

billing and insurance: billing 
online bill pay 
insurance 
health insurance marketplace 

visitors: visitor information 
directions and maps 
phone directory 
send note to patient 


events events: event calendar 

programs: patient and family advisory council 
volunteering 


about about us ask the ceo 
awards and accreditations 
contact us 
news 
northern nevada medical group 
hospital leadership and board of governors 
northern nevada sierra medical center 

resources blog 
living well - summer 2024 
living well - fall 2023 
patient stories 
health information library 


careers 




find a doctor
health records online
physician portal
 



search form

search 



























    view er wait times  








          er wait time
        
  
6 min.er at mccarran nwview maprequest a time


6 min.er at spanish springsview maprequest a time


9 min.er at northern nevada medical centerview map

 

	if you are having a medical emergency, call 9-1-1. refresh your screen to get the latest wait time. for the most accurate wait time, call the hospital.






















          northern nevada medical center  is one of america’s safest hospitals 
see our awards 


























	    	find a doctor	    












	    	pay your bill	    












	    	health records online	    












	    	careers	    










 











how can we help you?

search form

search 












  
   
living well digital magazine summer/fall 2024
a routine stress test leads to triple bypass. read this story and more in living well.
read living well


    
   
service update
we continue to welcome united healthcare members to the northern nevada health system.
learn more


    
   
heart and vascular institute
advanced cardiac care for you at the heart and vascular institute.
learn more


 


previous next 








































new specialty hospital in northwest reno is poised to offer acute rehabilitation and adult behavioral health services

new specialty hospital in northwest reno is poised to offer acute rehabilitation and adult behavioral health services
northern nevada health system announces the opening of northwest specialty hospital, located at 6225 sharlands avenue.
read 

northern nevada medical center earns an "a" hospital safety grade from the leapfrog group 

northern nevada medical center earns an "a" hospital safety grade from the leapfrog group 
the grade is based on over 30 performance measures reflecting errors, accidents, injuries and infections, as well as the systems hospitals have in...
read 

northern nevada medical center uses innovative digital program for cpr training and improved cardiac arrest survival

northern nevada medical center uses innovative digital program for cpr training and improved cardiac arrest survival
innovative program verifies cpr expertise to help increase cardiac arrest survival.
read 


 









 







careers


 







our awards


 







events



 
















northern nevada medical center2375 e. prater way, sparks, nv 89434775-331-7000775-331-7000 








contact us
about our hospital
careers
news
northern nevada medical group



facebook
instagram
linkedin
youtube









	the information on this website is provided as general health guidelines and may not be applicable to your particular health condition. your individual health status and any required medical treatments can only be properly addressed by a professional healthcare provider of your choice. remember: there is no adequate substitution for a personal consultation with your physician. neither northern nevada medical center, or any of their affiliates, nor any contributors shall have any liability for the content or any errors or omissions in the information provided by this website.

	the information, content and artwork provided by this website is intended for non-commercial use by the reader. the reader is permitted to make one copy of the information displayed for his/her own non-commercial use. the making of additional copies is prohibited.


site map
privacy policy
terms of use
hipaa notice of privacy practices
physician disclaimer
nondiscrimination notice
language assistance
accessibility statement
price transparency
code of conduct
compliance hotline






© 2025 northern nevada medical center reno–sparks. all rights reserved.














