 





tetra mou – wireless world communications













































































 
 
 




home
wireless 

technologies
standards
5g
at home


industries 

partnerships
itu


future 

trends
forecasts
innovations


blog
about us
contact us
 









 





welcome to 

tetra mou 

a uk based industry association that promotes tetra technology. 







types and application of  

wireless network  

wireless networks fetch important changes to data networking and make an integrated network authenticity.  

read more  







global standards for  

mobile technology 

mobile networking refers to technology that can support voice and data network connectivity using wireless through a radio transmission.  

read more  



 






about us
we work with both local and international telecommunication operators, regulators and manufacturers. our esteemed company played a vital role in international mobile telecommunication. tetra also achieved another milestone by signing the memorandum of understanding with best communications.






wi-fi 
wi-fi is used by various electronic devices such as smartphone, laptops, etc and it is a low powered wireless communication.
read more






bluetooth
the bluetooth technology allows the user to connect different electronic devices to a system for the purpose of sharing data wirelessly.
read more






infrared
infrared communicates using ir radiation. ir is a longer wavelength mainly used for security purpose for short-range communication.
read more






mobile
mobile phone uses a single frequency band and they have a larger range of networks and a signal that comes from a satellite like gps devices.
read more





the international telecommunication union (itu)




originally established in 1865, as the international telegraph union, it is the oldest existing international organization. the headquarters of itu is in geneva, switzerland and has 12 regional area offices around the world.
itu emerged with an agreement between 20 european states, to make sure that the standardization of international telegraph networks between its signatory members.
itu is an agency of the united nations which plays an important role in international telecommunication management for nearly 150 years. however, itu has faced much opposition from global development.


read more








streaming series by tetra mou






bbcpie – the 2020 debut of the very best creampie interracial website. a lot could be said but it’s better to watch all of the content in stunning 4k hd quality. bbc creampies are here to use your bandwidth!


https://bbcpie.org


anal4k – another year and another big debut. this time it’s all about internal creampies… and backdoors. take a look at this 4k footage of the most beautiful girls sporting their backs.


https://anal4k.org


teen sneaks – remember the fun old times when having sex actually required you to be sneaky and clever? this is the storyline of adult time newest original series.


https://sneakingteens.com



transfixed – transgender niche entering the new era of pleasure. thanks to adult time this is a big 2021 comeback for the series that redefines the transexual entertainment on the web. are you ready for new episdoes?


https://transfixed.tube



brazzers exxtra – something extra to your usual brazzers time. watch all the newest and the most intense episodes from the brand in this subseries dedicated to unsorted and uncategorized kind of fantasies.


https://zzxxtra.com



rocco siffredi – the iconic italian stallion is here. you wanted to see all his newest productions? there is no better moment than this. watch rocco and his crew in action as his new home is filled with the finest video content.


https://siffredirocco.com


2023 selection of entertainment






nubiles et – adult entertainment could be a great example of ever-growing needs in terms of bandwidth. the quality of video is becoming better, there is more tv shows and pop culture entertainment than we can digest.


visit nubiles et



dare dorm – watch the very best of dorm dares going wrong. girls and guys doing all kind of silly stuff in order to impress, have fun and get laid.


watch dare dorm episodes



dancing bear – when parties used to be fun. watch real stuff footage of some crazy parties where gang of females call for help of male strippers. unrestricted sexual fun that turns to blast of a night. those times aren’t coming back so it’s nice to watch how it used to be back then! 😉


see dancing bear footage



big tit creampie – your source for the most adventurous girls out there. not only they are busty and beautiful but they are also willing to explore the world of creampies. are you ready to join them?


see big tit creampies



why not bi – explore the source of the finest bi adventures on the web. this is the place to find all your answers when it comes to the most exciting mmf threesome scenarios where swinging both ways is encouraged!


watch why not bi


recent articles




third generation partnership project in wireless communicationthe 3rd generation partnership project (3gpp) was developed in december 1988. the 3rd generation partnership project (3gpp) was developed by the cooperation of seven world’s primary telecom standard development organizations in december 1988. the seven telecom organizations are arib, atis, ccsa, etsi, tdsi, tta, ttc which provide the necessary reports and specification defining 3g cellular [...]read moreupcoming trends of wireless communication industrynowadays, wireless technology is just an idea and it has become the best part of the largest bearers of digital data all over the world. this technology made the functioning of various slots of industries smoother and faster. every enterprise, whether small or large, depend on the wireless technologies to further thrive their infrastructure. in [...]read morespecifications of latest wireless technology productswireless communication technology defines the data communication method without a direct physical connection between two or more devices. the devices communicate and connect through wireless signal and the technological devices have significantly upgraded over the years. currently, there are various types of devices using wireless telecommunication technology which allows the user to remain in contact [...]read morewireless communications technology market forecast 2018 to 2023wireless communication technologies have transformed the means of data exchange. wireless communication technologies have transformed the means of data exchange, communication and transactions by giving way to the new digital economy. technological growth over the years, major industries in the wireless markets and the increasing array of digital devices and enhanced interfaces for real-time web [...]read moremajor industries in the wireless network marketwireless networks are a type of computer network which helps in providing the connectivity of the wireless data within a number of network nodes. this type of network saves a lot of money because it doesn’t need any long wire or cables to offer the connection. the telecommunication network can be easily installed on any […]
read morethe wireless advantage of 5g5g network technology integrating the cutting-edge network technology with the latest advanced analysis, 5g or the fifth-generation wireless is the latest reiteration of the wireless communication sector. the wireless network has grown over time – from air-water boundary breaking to exceeding network speeds, we have seen it all. 5g wireless system will offer faster speeds [...]read moreload more










innovations to break air-water boundary




air-water boundary breaking is a longstanding problem in transmitting the data between aircraft devices and underwater. in order to overcome this problem researchers have designed a new system using wireless communication.
the scientists have established a system for a submarine to plane communication without arriving at the surface of the water. advancement of technologies helps to meet the underwater challenges and paves the way for air-water communication.


read more


latest wireless technology products





do you need any wireless communication system for your organization?
installing a wireless and telecommunication network is always not a challenging task at all, though a few important steps are there. our experts will provide you with a better service and the security issues have been met by the latest, stronger features that efficiently protect the sensitive data and network access.


contact us









 





tetra mou © copyright | all rights reserved 








 
























