





gfpl







































 


skip to content



my accountsite searchcatalog searchmy accountsite searchcatalog searchtoggle navigationbrowseonline resourcesrequest an itemstaff recommendationscatalog/catalog searche-books, e-magazines, audiobookslinkedin learning, mango languages, chilton auto databasestaff book reviews
servicesusing the librarylibrary cardsmanage accountcheck-out, renew, place holdsbookmobilelibrary partner sharing and interlibrary loanslittle free librariescomputer servicescomputer usewifi & hotspotsada servicesadditional servicesmeeting roomstest proctoringnotaryfax, copy, scan, & printcomputer uselibrary-related appsmobile printing
programs & eventscommunitycommunity programsbook clubsbookmobilebookmobile homebound servicebookworms united book challengeyouthkidsteensfeatured eventsdigital workshops continue through to may 1bookworms united book challengefree for all: the public library documentarycalendar of events
aboutget involvedemployment opportunitiesvolunteerdonate to great falls public librarymore informationboard of trusteesbudget and policieslibrary foundationmill levymanagement agreementmission and historylocation, hours, staffstrategic planmaster plangreat falls public library annual report 2024
toggle navigationbrowsecatalog searche-books, e-magazines, audiobookslinkedin, mango languages and chilton auto databaseonline resourcesrequest an itemstaff recommendationsservicesusing the librarybookmobilecheck-out, renew, place holdslibrary cardslibrary partner sharing and interlibrary loanslittle free librariesmanage accountmango languagescomputer servicesada servicescomputer usewifi & hotspotsadditional servicesfax, copy, scan, & printgenealogymeeting roomsmobile printingnotaryparking & pick-uptest proctoringprograms & eventsevent calendarcommunity programskids programsteen programsaboutbudget and policiescity/library management agreementcontact usdonate to great falls public libraryemployment opportunitieslibrary board of trusteeslibrary foundationvolunteerstrategic planmaster plan
 





homewendtagency2025-02-07t09:09:30-07:00 
great falls public library
connecting people and knowledgewhere the community gathers and learning awaits – that is the great falls public library. check out the latest bestsellers, get lost in research, find your next bedtime story, or listen to thousands of audio books. here, knowledge has no limit.
explore the catalogbookmobilefind out where we’ll be next.
e-books, e-magazines, audiobooksavailable through montana library 2 go and the libby app.
mobile printingwireless printing for mobile devices.
bookmobilefind out where we’ll be next.
digital resourcesavailable through montana library 2 go and the libby app.
mobile printingwireless printing for mobile devices.
learn, connect, & grow
events at the librarybook clubs, children’s story time, live music, and more! find community or learn something new at our next event! we’ll save you a seat. 
view calendarfebruary 17library is closed for presidents day
event info
february 18 @ 10:00 am - 11:00 amthe very arbitrary book club for february
event info
february 18 @ 10:30 am - 11:30 ambookworms storytime for february and march
event info
february 19 @ 10:00 am - 12:00 pmlittle shell tribal health medicaid signups
event info
february 19 @ 10:30 am - 11:30 ampreschool storytime for february
event info
february 20 @ 10:30 am - 11:15 amfebruary books & babies: a lap bounce program
event info
12nextload more eventsall the happenings.all the happenings.staff selectionsscience fiction
how rory thorne destroyed the multiverseby k. eason
"a fairy-tale set in outer space. it’s a familiar story until teenage rory defies expectations and decides to save herself."
-- katherine, youth services specialist
look up the book
fantasy
the olympian affairby jim butcher
"this is the second book in the fabulous cinder spire series by jim butcher.  it has talking cats, flying pirates, swashbuckling adventure.  quite a fantastic read!"
-- susie, library director
look up the book
young adult fiction
tigerby jeff stone
"this is the first title in a captivating series about five young men who flee from their homes after they are destroyed to master their style of kung-fu and uncover secrets from their past. this is a must read title! "
-- lukas, safety specialist 
look up the book
historical non-fiction, non-fiction
how the word is passedby clint smith
"this is an incredible thought provoking book on the history of slavery in america and the ways is still resonates in our modern society. "
-- amanda, library specialist
look up the book
non-fiction, self help
how to keep house while drowningby kc davis
"this book changed how i looked at my home, cleaning, and chores. care tasks can feel never ending and never good enough, and kc starts by reminding us that 'clean' and 'messy' are morally neutral. she looks at cleaning through a realistic lens, acknowledging that we are tired, busy, low income, and disabled in a myriad of ways. she also reminds us that we are living in our homes, and they need to work for us and our families."
-- amma, library clerk
look up the book
fiction
this book is full of spiders: seriously, don’t touch itby jason pargin
"warning: you may have a huge, invisible spider living in your skull. this is not a metaphor.
this book is hilariously written in a way that will keep you laughing the whole time. its a fun ride and full of ridiculous scenarios and witty commentary. 
from jason pargin (writing under david wong), the writer of the cult sensation john dies at the end, comes another terrifying and hilarious tale of almost armageddon at the hands of two hopeless heroes."
-- caitlyn, custodian
look up the book
latest staff book reviewsee all staff recommendationslatest staff dvd reviewstay in the know
library newsfrom the newest speaker series and author events to library celebrations, resources, and happenings, we cover it all right here! 
discover the latest7febblack heritage evening gallery 2025 
4febtax help montana/gfpl changes for 2025as tax season begins for 2025, there are some changes happening with tax help montana and the gfpl. 
24janfree film on libraries showing on april 8the gfpl cordially invites the public to watch free for all: the public library starting at 6:30 pm on tuesday, april 8. it is free to attend in the cordingley room. doors open at 6 pm. 
our mission
about the librarybuilt on generations for generations, the great falls public library has served as a community hub for great falls since 1890. more than to simply provide books, we are on a mission to create real connections by providing social, cultural, and recreational learning opportunities. 
learn more



 
 
subscribe to our weekly newsletter.can’t get enough of the library? subscribe to the wowbrary newsletter and get the latest events, book releases, and news delivered straight to your inbox! 
click to subscribe
great falls public library301 2nd ave northgreat falls, montana 59401406.453.0349
questions@greatfallslibrary.org
hours of operationpickup window sun-sat: 9am to 6pm
library openmon: 9am to 6pmtues: 9am to 8pmwed: 9am to 6pmthurs: 9am to 8pmfri & sat: 9am to 6pmsun: 1pm to 6pm 
my accountcontact usfaqsstaff logindonatedo you want to contribute financially to the great falls public library? every donation makes a difference and every donation is appreciated.
406.453.0349©2025 great falls public library


 
 
page load link

 


search for:










 




skip to content



open toolbar

accessibility tools
 




accessibility tools



increase textincrease text 



decrease textdecrease text 



grayscalegrayscale 



high contrasthigh contrast 



negative contrastnegative contrast 



light backgroundlight background 



links underlinelinks underline 



readable fontreadable font 



reset
reset









go to top




