


meditation center






the world wide online meditation center


the online meditation center is a user-friendly site, providing free, easy, straightforward meditation instruction.
if you are just learning to meditate, you'll find everything necessary to get started quickly and easily in our "meditation basics" rooms and our "core meditation" rooms. if you are already practicing meditation, you may discover some new methods to deepen your practice.

a variety of meditation techniques have been included, each producing its own unique experiences and benefits. the concise instructions for each meditation make it easy to read through it and try out the technique straight away.

the information you'll find here is universal - drawn from many of the world's spiritual traditions - not representative of any one path.
from the directory, you can access any room in the center - each containing instructions for a specific meditation, or information to enhance your meditation experience.
my 20 favorite meditation tips.

spiritual sun meditation - guided by jim malloy

• sign up for our free weekly newsletter ~ a daily dip in the light
 concise meditation quotes and tips, designed to encourage you to keep up your meditation practice, and help you meditate with greater confidence and ease. your e-mail address will remain completely private and will be used only for the newsletters.  sign up 
evolve please!
 how upgrading your consciousness will transform the planetby jim malloy
the universe is pushing us to evolve - to upgrade our consciousness.
much of the discomfort we are now experiencing is being caused by this upgrade and our human tendency to resist change. but you are free to choose - to go with the powerful stream of evolution or resist it. if you choose to go with it, this book will show you how.
   
pdf: free
 • free guided audio meditations available.
in our audio meditation room you'll find a variety of guided meditations for: relaxation, stress reduction, sleep, meditation instruction, higher guidance, and more.
all of our audio meditations are now free to listen to and download.
 •  sketches of my journey
a series of short personal narratives about experiences i've had along my spiritual path. i hope you will find them encouraging, inspiring and entertaining. the first sketch - "initiation" - describes my very first meditation experience.
• meditation for spiritual awakening ~ taught by jim malloy
 an online course with guided audio meditations, to assist you in awakening to a higher state of awareness, and living in the love, peace, beauty and joy of that state. this course is ranked as one of  
nurtureyourspirit.org's top spiritual awakening courses. available from dailyom on a choose-your-payment-amount basis. all income from the course is donated back to dailyom. learn more. »
it is my hope that you will discover meditation to be easy, enjoyable and profoundly beneficial.
your host & instructor,  jim malloy

mission statement from the instructor
i teach meditation not only because i've seen how dramatically it improves the lives of individuals, but also because meditation accelerates our spiritual evolution. more people meditating will inevitably lead to more peace and compassion on our planet. ~ jm






to translate this site, go to google language tools and paste meditationcenter.com in the url box.




meditation basics

general information roomdefinition and uses of meditation; guidelines for getting started; about the instructor.
glossary & faqs roommeditation-related terms. frequently asked questions.
8 important points8 points for making meditation easy and enjoyable.

core meditationsmeditations for connecting with your essence... your inner spirit.
inner light meditation roomuses light as a vehicle to connect you with your essence.
mindfulness meditation roommindfulness meditation uses breath awareness to connect you with your essence.
mantra meditation roomuses a mantra to connect you with your essence.

relaxation & stress reduction
relaxation meditation roomremarkably easy meditation for relaxation and stress relief.
audio meditation roomfree meditation mp3s, including meditation instruction and guided meditations for various purposes.

healing meditations
energy healing rooma meditation for sending healing energy directly to an affected area.
color healing rooma meditation using color for healing at all levels, physical, mental, emotional and spiritual.

centeringmeditation in action.
centering roomseveral easy and effective techniques for staying in your calm center in daily life.

ascension -- enlightenment the ultimate goal of the meditator's journey.
ascension roomthe goal of the spiritual journey is known by different names in different traditions: enlightenment, spiritual awakening, self realization, nirvana, ascension, etc.

further information
 q & a blogget answers to your meditation questions.
lecture hallarticles to assist you with meditation and your spiritual journey.
question & answer roomanswers to some of the meditation questions we've received over the years.
book shope-books available for immediate download.
resources roomsites offering info on personal growth, spiritual awareness, alternative healing, etc.
kudos roomrecommendations we've received from various publications, and feedback we've received from our visitors.

we welcome your comments and suggestions.
the world wide online meditation center
e-mail: jmalloy@meditationcenter.com

  
   



illustrations by vicki ellen behringer
design assistance by shirley kaiser
video assistance by shamar brown
header pic by karla magusha
copyright © 1998-2025 the world wide online meditation center. all rights reserved.
all text, graphics, html and contents of this website are protected by us and international copyright laws 
and may not be reproduced or distributed in any manner without the explicit permission of the world wide online meditation center.








