

robot store (hk) -- robot parts, mit handyboard system, lego, mindstorms, ev3, humanoid robot, tank base robot, mobile base kits, robot parts, robot kits, sensors, dc motors, gearbox, gear box, solar battery, stepper motor, wheel, tire, robot parts, rf module, digital compass, sonar, tamiya models, owi kits, elkits, robot cooling fans, motor cooling fans












        robot store (hk)
 


'building a robot from scratch '
 













home


order information 


handyboard link


download


contact us














 














 products 


metallic robot platforms


 mit handyboard system 


 avr/pic boards


 makeblock kits


 micromouse and accessories


 soccer robots and accessories


 sensors


 motors


motor drivers 


robot base platforms


 advanced robot platforms


 gearboxes and wheels


 mechanical parts


hardware gadget


lego accessories


science kits


communications and control and control


robotcraft kits


robot kits


solar parts and kits (beam)


robot arms


order information


educational discount 


 








hot products 
              



owl and inchworm robots 

low cost metllic tank base and humanoid robot platforms... 



 
let's hacking rescue crawler to a rescue robot... 

 



we carry may products which are suitable for stem (science, technology, engineering and mathematics) and steam (science, technology, engineering, art and mathematics) 
              educations.
              we are able to provide custom made  metallic tanks and mobile base for your projects that based on your requirements. we can manufacture the tank with length from 50cm to 200cm with payload from 1kg to 150kg in our own factory. also, we can  build low cost pipe inspection robot platform in any sizes. please contact us: patrick@robotstorehk.com
              for more information.we are an authorized distributor of mit handyboard system  and expansion board developed by dr. fred martin of massachusetts institute of technology (mit)  media lab with a licensed interactive-c development tool for handyboard and lego rcx. handyboard is used in mit 6.270 lego robot design contest 



             
 we have large collection of parts for science projects and robot constructions such as various robot platforms, sensors, gear box kits, servos, dc motors, stepper motors, drivers, and mechanical parts etc.
we also carry professional research robot platforms and robots for soccer, micromouse, robotcon, wro, first robotics, and sumo competitions.
orders received will be shipped in the same day. that is, we will ship the order without waiting your money to arrive! our philosophy of doing business is based on mutual trust and honesty.

no minimum order and quantity and you will save more...
 
            

 



 





what is new? 




march 01, 2019 -- world's largest selection of robot arms (dobot), robot hand and fingers, mechanical fingers, 6 dof arm etc.
dec 11, 2018 -- more metallic mobile platforms are added
oct  10, 2018 -- we can custom made your metallic tank or base with length from 50cm to 200cm with payload from 10kg to 150kg or  based on your requirements if you cannot find here



 






shakespeare


 



 copyright © 2019 robot store (hk) 
         all rights reserved. email: info@robotstorehk.com
 







