






home | lafferty equipment manufacturing, llc






































toll free 1-800-999-2820




 










menu


























                                tools
                            






                                account
                            







search






















 
tools






 
account



login
register




home
products
support
learning
contact















									conveyor-mates™ with spreader nozzles
								

									lafferty conveyor-mates™ include machined stainless steel spreader nozzles, which rotate to provide targeted coverage at variable widths. portable and mount-in-place systems available.
								
lafferty conveyor-mates™ include machined stainless steel spreader nozzles, which rotate to provide targeted coverage at variable widths. portable and mount-in-place systems available.

									browse available models
								













sentry & sentinel hand sanitizer dispensers

deploying a hand sanitizer dispenser helps to prevent contamination and infection through hand contact. robust, industrial design, low maintenance requirements and ease of use make these  stainless steel systems the hand sanitizer dispensers of choice.

perfect for medical facilities, food prep areas, schools, public meeting places, anywhere people come together!
completely foot operated - no hand contact points
promotes employee hygiene and prevents cross-contamination
draws liquids or gels from any container which allows cost savings afforded by using bulk packaged chemicals
machined stainless steel pump and all stainless steel construction

browse available models






gemini level masters™
dilute & dispense a 2-chemical blend


water-driven, dual-venturi, proportioner
chemicals do not mix as concentrates
dual-float design with fail-safe valve
maximizes chemical resistance to chlorine dioxide and enhances safety
level master tanks include rigid suction tube for easy dispensing

browse available models


















watch the video series




















equipment designs perfected by more than 40 years of experience
we provide the technical and manufacturing expertise to solve your chemical cleaning and application challenges














foam applicators
sanitizer applicators
multifunction hose drop stations

















proportioning systems
transfer systems

















fogging systems

















central chemical distribution systems
entryway sanitation











getting started
find and maintain the right equipment for the job














browse equipment



							explore hundreds of systems and parts for any chemical dilution and application project. installation and operation instructions provide detailed performance specifications, utility requirements, parts diagrams, and more.
							explore














catalogs


 
							flip through interactive digital catalogs for an overview of each lafferty product range and to compare similar products. our professional and mobile-ready segmented catalogs can be downloaded or printed for offline use. view














learning center


 
							discover new products and learn how to maintain equipment. the lafferty learning center explains core concepts and presents selection guides, faqs, and best practices.explore











search



							search using complete or partial part numbers and product descriptions.
							




















planning tools


 
							calculate dilution ratios and design comprehensive cleaning system. 
							view
view









contact us


 
							share your cleaning and chemical handling challenges with us.
							contact








precision machined equipment
providing over a century of combined manufacturing and field experience














quality


 manufacturing the highest performing and most durable product lines for solving cleaning and application challenges since 1976. 













performance


 consistently proportion chemicals and produce high quality foam, spray, or fog with equipment designed to provide years of service. 













support


 our phones are answered by real people who provide solutions, industry knowledge, and a can-do attitude for our customers. 


















markets served
with the widest range of chemical application equipment designed to suit a wide variety of general and specialized applications, our passionate focus on superior quality, outstanding reliability, and attention to detail ensures years of consistent performance.
lafferty equipment solves the unique chemical application needs of industry and many other applications.

complete balanced system approach











food and beverage






agriculture and horticulture






industrial cleaning






chemical manufacturing






metal processing






concrete and construction






carwash






fleet and vehicle wash






pharmaceutical manufacturing






pulp, paper, and printing






military and defense






hospitality and entertainment






janitorial sanitation






institutional facilities






hood and vent






companion animal health






breweries






asphalt release















planning tools









		interactive planning tools
	




		metering tip calculator
	




		double dilution calculator
	




		pump fed central system planning
	




		entryway system planning
	




		fogging system planning
	




		chemical compatibility
	
 

		segmented product catalogs
	



				1
			

		city water pressure venturi systems
	



				2
			

		boosted pressure venturi systems 
	



				3
			

		high pressure venturi systems
	



				4
			

		compressed air foamers and sprayers
	



				5
			

		pump fed central systems
	



				6
			

		entryway, drain, and hand sanitizing
	



				7
			

		foggers and fogging systems
	



				8
			

		industrial
	



				9
			

		chemical management systems
	



				10
			

		vehicle wash & detailing
	



				11
			

		jansan / commercial / residential
	



				12
			

		supermarket / deli / small area
	



				13
			

		pressure washer systems & soft wash
	
 



 




lafferty equipment manufacturing, llc 5614 oak grove road north little rock, ar 72118
tfn: 1-800-999-2820




downloads
catalogs




terms and conditions
privacy policy
sitemap



























comments and/or questions about this website should be addressed to contact@laffertyequipment.com







© copyright 2002 lafferty equipment manufacturing, llc


















