







the entertainment magazine





the entertainment magazine
official website

celebrating 29 years online! 


the entertainment magazine on line website (emol.org) was launched in january 1995. since
 then, more than 44 million visitors (source: google analytics) from around the 
world have watched and downloaded free movies and cartoons, read about 
entertainment, and discovered things to do in dozens of community event 
calendars around the world. the site originated as the entertainment magazine newspaper with its print publishing roots in 1978.daily events calendar
download free movies
emol on social media:

facebook | 
  instagram | 
  emol videos
emol youtube | tiktok @emoltucson





books, authors
celebrities
entertain america
entertainment book
film
games
home improve
movies
music
virtual reality
social media
facebook
instagram
emol videos
emol youtube
tik tok@emoltucson

archives
arizona memory project
internet archive


features
free downloads
tucson with the barnetts
arizona book shelf
tucson book shelf
coupons online
dining gift cards
education
free offers
genealogy
health
reporters/staff

shopping deals
promo codes
singles dating










destinations
travel home page
arizona: marana | oracle phoenix | sonoita
tombstone | tucson | yuma

california: san diego | san francisco | san jose
florida
hawaii
illinois
mexico

nevada: las vegas
laughlin | reno
new mexico

new york

washington dc


publications
entertain tucson
tucson chronicles
tucson teen
teen on line
robert-zucker.com

rss
emol rss feed
special sections

arizona renaissance festival
iron door mine legend

kabbalah/mysticism






today's official entertainment book offers:


the
 entertainment book no longer publishes a printed edition. instead, 
download the entertainment book app and get even more discount dining 
and travel coupons across the united states and canada.



download free books
the entertainment magazine, in conjunction with bzb publishing (the publisher of emol.org and the entertainment magazine) produces print and digital books for the public. 
download free book 
pdf samples. full version copies are available through amazon.com and 
other retailers. read sample chapters of the following new releases:

entertaining tucson
									by robert e. zucker
canyon of gold by flint carter

treasures of the santa catalina mountains
									
								  by robert e. zucker
kabbalah's secret circles by robert e. zucker                                  
traveling show
									
								  by robert e. zucker
searching for arizona's buried treasures by ron quinn
mysterious disappearances
								by ron quinn
twilight of consciousness by robert e. zucker                            
visit robert zucker's author's page on amazon.com
see all books available through bzb publishing.

entertainment magazinethe print edition of the entertainment magazine was first published in 1985. go to the wayback machine to see early web editions of the entertainment magazine online since 1995.
other related titles held by bzb publishing inc., include:

entertainment magazine (issn 0742-9568)
tucson teen (issn 1044-954x]magazine (issn 0742-9568)teen on line (issn 1088-0984).

bzb publishing web properties:

emol.orgentertainmentmagazine.netentertainmentmagazine.orgentertainmentmagazine.usazentertain.comtucson chroniclesusaentertain.comentertaintucson.comrobert-zucker.com

amp version of
the entertainment magazine home page
terms of services
staff | contact us

emol.org
 (the entertainment magazine) participates in the amazon services llc 
associates program, commission junction, google adsense, google analytics, rakuten (linkshare) and other affiliate 
advertising programs. fees are earned by linking to affiliated sites.
the entertainment magazine on line (issn 1087-8971) and entertainment magazine (issn 0883-1890) are published through bzb publishing, inc. portions of this site are hosted in cooperation with southwest alternatives institute, inc. (sai). contents may not be reproduced, reprinted, digitally stored or posted online without express permission from the publisher. all rights reserved.
the entertainment magazine
tucson, arizona (usa)
phone: 520-623-3733
email: emol@emol.org
â© 1995-2024 emol.org  
 the entertainment magazine is an affiliate for brands featured on this 
site and receives a commission on sales completed through links from our
 site. better business bureau approved member.  all rights reserved.
click here to revoke your choice







