



paladin armory




paladin armory
manufacturer of custom
firearms and suppressors
phone 406-492-4570
e-mail: paladin@paladinarmory.com

 

 


warning!!!
there is a sophisticated
nigerian internet scam using real ffls and below market pricing to lure unsuspecting
buyers to send payments to individuals and addresses in the usa that are not associated
with the actual firearms dealers.  before sending money to an individual or address
that is not listed on the actual ffl, find the real ffl through an independent internet
search and contact them directly to verify your order.  if you suspect the ffl may be
forged, contact atf to verify the ffl and address.
atf-41f (formerly 41p) update: this regards a
presidential order issued in sep 2013 to require each "responsible person" (rp)
associated with any legal entity, such as a trust or corporation, to provide personal
information to atf and local law enforcement when filing an atf form 1 (tax-paid request
to register and make a nfa), atf form 4 (tax-paid request to transfer an existing
registered nfa), or atf form 5 (tax-exempt request to transfer an existing registered
nfa).  personal information provided by each rp to atf includes two photographs, two
fbi fingerprint cards, and a completed atf form 5320.23 (nfa responsible person
questionnaire).  a photocopy of the form 1, 4, or 5 and a copy of each rp's 5320.23
is provided to the chief law enforcement officer (cleo) in your area.  the cleo
usually is the chief of police or sheriff.  the cleo no longer signs or approves any
of the forms.    the changes to the filing process became effective on 13 july,
2016.  any forms filed prior to this date are grandfathered in under the old system.
consult this page for future updates, or check
our legal tips page for more details. 
welcome to the world of exotic
"nfa" firearms.  illustrated on these pages are some of the national
firearms act (nfa) registered suppressors (silencers), suppressed rifles and pistols;
short-barreled shotguns (sbs); smooth bore pistols (aow); short-barreled rifles (sbr);
machine guns; and custom tactical/scout carbines we manufacture here in our facilities.
 we also reactivate dewats and can assemble your parts kit with the proper
paperwork.  in addition, we are set up to refinish, repair, and custom engrave
firearms.  we even have a discount page where you can browse through a wide variety
of firearms (both conventional and nfa) and accessories we have on inventory closeout. 
we can custom design or alter most
firearms to meet your needs, so if you don't see what you want, please contact us and
we'll work with you to build the firearm you desire.  in the process, we will advise
you on what we think will work and won't work, what is safe and what is not, and what is
legal and what is not.  our ultimate goal is to combine ingenious design with quality
workmanship to produce firearms that meet your personal preferences or specifications.
 to back our promise, we provide a five year warranty for repair or replacement on
any of our workmanship.
perhaps you are uncertain what it is you
need, or wonder whether it is practical or justified.  nfa firearms sometimes appear
daunting or even sinister.  but in truth they fill a variety of niches.  for
example, the original concept for the silencer was to allow backyard target practice and
introductory firearms training.  it performs essentially the same function as a car
muffler.  the notion of it as an assassin's weapon was largely a fiction created by
hollywood in the 1930's and sustained to this day.  in truth, a silencer does
not silence a firearm anymore than a muffler silences a car engine.  it simply
suppresses the sound level to a point where, hopefully, the shooter can fire a pistol or
rifle without the need for wearing hearing protection.  however, if the bullet being
fired reaches the transonic range (beginning at approximately 92% the speed of sound), it
will produce a constant distinctive, loud crack.  the bullet will cease
"cracking" when it drops below the transonic range, and the crack (or sonic
boom) will dissipate.  the crack will not expose the shooter's position because the
sound wave radiates outward.  when the wave
strikes an object, it bounces off it at various angles, further distorting the origin of
the sound.  it is for these reasons that most
aficionados prefer to use the more descriptive term “sound suppressor” instead
of silencer.  it would even be appropriate to consider the silencer as an oversized
muzzle brake or flash hider because it hides the muzzle flash and effectively reduces felt
recoil by 50% or more.  but unlike either of these devices, it also eliminates most
of the muzzle blast (the loudest noise you hear), thus further concealing the location of
the shooter.  there are several downsides to using a suppressor.  they add bulk,
length, and weight to the firearm, thus throwing off its balance.  this added weight
will displace your shot group, though properly fitted suppressors should not interfere
with accuracy.  lastly, they create back-pressure that will quickly foul the chambers
of semiautomatic and automatic firearms, but having an adjustable gas system can help
alleviate this issue.  
the short barrel rifle (sbr) and short
barrel shotgun (sbs) are designed with handiness as their primary attribute., while
mechanically they function the same as any other rifle, shotgun, or handgun.  
generally, any shotgun with a barrel under 18" and any rifle with a barrel under
16" is considered short barreled.  if the overall length of the firearm with its
stock attached (or folding stock extended) is less than 26", it too is considered
short barreled even if the barrel remains longer than 16"/18".   attaching
a shoulder stock to most handguns makes it a sbr, but exceptions are made for many older
handguns such as the luger, 'broomhandle' mauser, and inglis hi power, or for handguns
fitted with a 16" or longer barrel (thompson contender).  a short barrel is
particularly desirable when you wish to store or transport a firearm in a vehicle, carry
it through heavy brush, or maneuver it in the tight confines of a bedroom or hallway.
 unlike most aows, it is legal to switch back and forth between a pistol grip and
shoulder stock.    
you can find 26" long pump-action
smoothbore handguns in most any gun store.  typically they sport a full pistol grip
and 18" barrel, which makes them a bit ungainly.  atf actually classifies them
as "firearms".  they are not to be confused with the smooth bore pistol
version of an aow, which may be quite similar looking, but uses a shorter barrel.  
indeed, most pump action aows start life as smooth bore pistols and then are converted
into aows.  once a smooth bore pistol is registered as an aow, it can be shortened -
but no shoulder stock can be attached to it.  the aow configuration provides greater
maneuverability in the very close confines of a vehicle or tent, but reduces potential
accuracy and slows recovery time between shots.  there are other types of aows, some
of which have shoulder stocks, that are covered more thoroughly on our sbs/aow
page.   
the machine gun is a fully automatic
firearm (including burst fire).  this means a single pull of the trigger discharges
more than one shot.  mechanically operated firearms, such as a gatling gun, do not
fall within this classification.  neither do so-called bump-fire techniques and
specialty stocks or trigger activators that allow simulated full automatic fire.  the
true machine gun combines the attributes of the rifle and shotgun (while the submachine
gun combines the attributes of the pistol and shotgun).  they can be categorized by
size and ammunition type, with the larger heavy and general purpose machine guns, normally
firing at least a full-sized rifle cartridge, being the original and most effective
machine guns of all.  their excessive weights and supporting mounts make them very
stable for firing out to ranges of a 1,000 yards or more.  the much lighter, handheld
assault rifles typically employ smaller intermediate cartridges of less lethality and
effective range.  and the submachine guns use even weaker, short range pistol
ammunition.  because these latter two types are less stable and more difficult to
control in fully automatic fire, the net effect is their accuracy when fired fully
automatic is seriously degraded except at very close pistol and buckshot shotgun range.
  however, when fired semiautomatically, they can exceed the effective range and
penetration of any pistol cartridge or buckshot.  this makes the assault rifle and
submachine gun a jack of all trades and master of none.  at close range the shotgun
is deadlier; at medium to long range the rifle is superior.  in all cases the pistol
is handier and more concealable, but much weaker and less accurate.  yet the machine
gun in its various forms holds a mystique that is difficult to justify.  again we
must default to hollywood's very visual expression of this particular firearm as the
personification of raw and deadly accurate power.  the truth is somewhat more
subdued.  any properly trained person can be taught to ignore the sound and fury of
machine gun fire and focus instead on its true strengths and weaknesses.  the soldier
knows he has a limited amount of ammunition with which to engage the enemy.  does he
waste it by filling the air with sound and fury, and in the process, expose his position?
  or does he conserve ammo for that necessary shot?  by contrast, should he
break an ambush or charge into a room firing fully automatic and generating scatter-hell?
  certainly, to the novice the machine gun remains a powerful psychological force,
one to be irrationally feared because we are conditioned by society to view it that
way.  thankfully, for the recreational shooter, or anyone who has been granted the
opportunity to shoot one, these ponderous matters are of no relevance.  even those
who generally fear or despise firearms will quickly discover the adrenaline rush created
by the false sense of firepower that "full auto" generates.  in conclusion,
there simply is no denying that shooting machine guns is just plain fun!
our services are available to all
government military, law enforcement, and security organizations, private companies,
firearms dealers, and private individuals who comply with the applicable federal and state
laws.  if you're a novice or need more clarification, then click legal tips for a short history and explanation of the
federal laws controlling nfa manufacturing, distribution, and ownership. 
warning: if you are active duty or reserve military or law enforcement personnel, you
are not exempt from any of the federal regulations regarding
possession and manufacture of nfa firearms or certain parts.  only government
entities may register and possess such devices for issue to authorized personnel. 
anyone attempting to acquire nfa firearms or certain parts on behalf of an organization
must do so using an authorization letter prepared on organizational letterhead, and signed
by your commander, police chief, sheriff, or department head.    
for ordering information click orders, or to learn more about our company, click history.  to view our product line and services,
select anyone of the icons below.  if you can't find what you're looking for, please
contact us at paladin@paladinarmory.com.  we enjoy answering client questions and
should be able to build a custom suppressor or firearm tailored to fit your individual
needs.  after all, that's our specialty.  and as always, enjoy safe shooting!



suppressed .22 rifles

company history

accessories & options



suppressed .22 pistols
click
    here for

inventory close-outs

sbs, aow, & tactical shotguns


 

sbrs & tactical/scout carbines
 

custom built & scrc suppressors

machine guns



legal tips

ordering information
 

refinishing, gunsmithing & engraving services
 


 
there have been  accesses to this page 



to view
    and purchase some of the finest wildlife art in the world please visit



         


quinn
    wildlife art



 
<> 



to order a
    replacement buffer that will quiet down your ruger 10/22 action please visit





tuffer
    buffer



 
<> 


