








lp | experience the law firm built on client service








































 







skip to main content




menu







services

overview
corporate
employment & executive compensation
financial services & restructuring
homeowners association
intellectual property
litigation
real estate
tax planning
trusts & estates



about

overview
the lp way
diversity, equity & inclusion
corporate social responsibility
value & pricing
representative matters



people


insights


clients


careers


contact







lead with purpose. logic with passion. lean into potential





evenfeld


earlstein


formed in 1999, levenfeld pearlstein was born of the desire to create a different kind of law firm – one that prioritizes collaborative relationships built on trust. we continue to be guided by this principle as we strive to be the legal industry standard for exceptional client experience.  
an integrated approach.we provide novel solutions to a spectrum of legal matters, from corporate to real estate and tax planning to trusts and intellectual property. at every step, we design our approach to align with client goals. look to lp for thoughtfully considered, personalized counsel across a range of specialties.explore our services
a trusted team.when you work with lp, you benefit not only from our individual and collective knowledge, but from our approach to providing an exceptional client experience at an outstanding value: the lp way™. this commitment sets us apart and guides our unique combination of capability and care that drives results. meet our team
a place to thrive.people are our greatest asset at lp. we’re focused on finding (and keeping) the industry’s best and brightest, with diverse experiences to fuel our growing practice. together, we create a vibrant, collaborative culture that champions continual learning and meaningful opportunities for growth. join lp
latest insights



 february 12, 2025
valentine’s vows: how making a commitment to employee ownership can foster loyalty and motivation
read more






 february 12, 2025
keeping romance alive in premarital planning
read more






 february 12, 2025
the love story of digital real estate transactions
read more






 february 05, 2025
what happens if you die while going through a divorce? lauren wolven explains it all on the “how not to suck at divorce” podcast
read more






 february 05, 2025
faq: navigating loan assumptions in real estate acquisitions
read more






 february 03, 2025
independent sponsors and capital raising: a conversation with greg tobben at access capital partners
read more




connect with us. whether you’re seeking counsel or exploring a new career opportunity, we’d love to speak with you.
get in touch



120 s riverside plazasuite 1800chicago, il 60606usat +1 312 346 8380contact
disclaimer
privacy policy
payment

search



© 2025 levenfeld pearlstein, llc
 


we use cookies to enhance your experience and to help us improve our website. to find out more about how we use cookies, read our privacy policy. by continuing to use this website, you agree to our use of cookies.


accept








