












seventh-day adventist church | experience the mission















skip to main content









seventh-day adventist church
experience the mission



toggle navigation






home
about us about us
past presidents
our history
mission
special events
contact us

administration
education education
about us
accreditation
calendar
columbia union code
columbia union priority: inclusion, diversity & equity
education directories
find a school
professional organizations
resources

ministries ministries
office of the president
office of the executive secretary
office of the treasurer
acs
asi
children's ministries
communication communication
communication resources
visitor news website

curf
education
church planting
general counsel/parl
health ministries
it services
ministries development
multilingual ministries
office of evangelism
pathfinders
women's ministries
youth and young adult

entities entities
conferences conferences
allegheny east
allegheny west
chesapeake
mountain view
new jersey
ohio
pennsylvania
potomac

health systems health systems
adventist healthcare
kettering health

higher education higher education
kettering college
washington adventist university


find a... find a...
adventist website
acs center
adventist book center
adventist senior living facility
camp meeting
career
church
school
camp or retreat center

sunset calendar
 


log in
 


search form

search






























columbia union kicks off pentecost 2025 and prayer emphasis 
columbia union conference leaders invite members to unite in prayer, asking the holy spirit to guide them as they reach out to their communities during pentecost 2025.






wgts 91.9 listeners give generously to 'loads of hope' project
wgts 91.9 listeners extended hope to hundreds by donating 1,347 bottles of laundry detergent to families with this basic and important need. 






read the latest visitor
the january/february 2025 visitor is online! read it here. 






watch a recording of the january 4 columbia union conference day of prayer 
watch a recording of the columbia union conference day of prayer event.









who we are, how we serve
the columbia union conference coordinates the seventh-day adventist church’s work in the mid-atlantic united states, where 150,000 members worship in 860 congregations. we provide administrative support to eight conferences; two healthcare networks; 81 early childhood, elementary and secondary schools; a liberal arts university; a health sciences college; a 49 community services centers; 8 camps; 5 book and health food stores and a radio station.
mission
values
priorities


we believe
god is love, power, and splendor—and god is a mystery. his ways are far beyond us, but he still reaches out to us. god is infinite yet intimate, three yet one,
all-knowing yet all-forgiving.
learn more



 







potomac conference to relocate administrative offices to silver spring
  








story by potomac conference staff
the potomac conference executive committee voted to relocate its administrative office from staunton, virginia, to silver spring, maryland, following the administrative committee’s recommendation. this decision marked the end of decades of debate and previous unsuccessful efforts to move the office. 
read more about potomac conference to relocate administrative offices to silver spring
 



adventist healthcare sets forth new vision while sharing its multi-year strategic plan
  








story by adventist healthcare staff
adventist healthcare has released its 2025-2030 strategic plan and a new vision statement, opening the next chapter in the system’s 117-year history of providing comprehensive health and wellness services in the washington, d.c., region. 
read more about adventist healthcare sets forth new vision while sharing its multi-year strategic plan
 



mountain view conference welcomes new faces
  








story by liz bailey
three new families have recently joined the mountain view conference (mvc) team.
jessica lindao, a member of the parkersburg (w.va.) church, has recently accepted a call to serve as the administrative assistant in the mvc office. an answer to prayer, she comes equipped with many talents and skills that will help the office run smoothly. she is married to juan rugel, and they have one son, alex rugel (pictured above).
 
read more about mountain view conference welcomes new faces
 



maryland governor and state officials learn about community needs
  











 
read more about maryland governor and state officials learn about community needs
 



ken norton named voice of prophecy bible school director
  








story by eddie schwisow
ken norton, president of the montana conference, has accepted the voice of prophecy’s invitation to serve as the discover bible school director. he will begin his service at the ministry on march 2.
norton will replace bill payne, who recently became the director for sabbath school and personal ministries at the north american division. 
read more about ken norton named voice of prophecy bible school director
 

1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
…
next
last








readnews from the columbia union
 sign upfor our visitor email newsletter
 subscribeto the visitor magazine



 





watch our youtube videos
follow us on twitter
like us on facebook




 


5427 twin knolls road, columbia, md 21045
telephone: (410) 997-3414
monday - thursday, 8 a.m.–5 p.m., closed on friday
email our webmaster





legal notice and privacy policy




      
  ©2002-2022









