




london tours - where to stay in london -  hotel specials - london guide for travellers













  
 the essential london guide since 1999.  
"... chock full of information on where to stay, what to do, getting around, shopping, events and more in london." consumerreports.org 



home
where to stay
hotel specialsreservations


touring london
london events
attractions/ticketstheatre tickets


sightseeingmuseumsshopping
nightlife (21+)


getting about
restaurants
weather
links



photo by photosforclass.com


welcome to offtolondon.com
 since 1999, we've been helping london visitors find and book the right london hotel,  or find a bargain among our last minute offers. looking for london tours? we offer a wide variety of tours and interesting things to do while in london including bus tours, tours by car with a private driver guide, walking and bike tours,  and river cruises on the thames. you can also  buy official london theatre tickets directly from the west end or tickets to popular attractions like the tower of london so you can skip the lines at the entrance.  transportation from the airport to your hotel and back to the airport on departure... no problem. we also link to information about london events, free museums, shopping destinations, london casinos, nightclubs, dance and comedy clubs.  we've helped thousands make the most of their visit to london. enjoy your visit! 




london tours we have hundreds of tours available both in london and out. click here to see all types of tours or click below for some popular options.


favorite london  tours
london eye: river cruise experience
private walking tour: tower of london & tower bridge
london hop-on hop-off bus tour 
london 1 day sightseeing tour
london sightseeing river cruises on the thames 

 thames cruises: dinner & showboats experiences
vintage bus tour: thames cruise & optional london eye
private black cab tour of london's hidden treasures
day trips & excursions out of london.
historic pub tour
walking & biking tours
walking tours of london 
family friendly tours
kid-friendly attractions & experiences
london group tours
day trips & excursions
 food, wine & nightlife tours
london morning tour 
click for more tours
 

   history day tours from london visit historic castles, the kingdom of wessex with its ancient stone circles, the mystical island of avalon and the legends of king arthur; bath, stonehenge and the cotswolds and many more fascinating places.  click for details  

 
paris by eurostar- 3 days  
a fantastic three day paris by eurostar tour from london. travelling by high speed eurostar and staying in paris city centre 3* hotel accommodation, with a coach panoramic tour, all transfers, boat cruise on the river seine and guide included. optional half day trips.  
 click for details

 3-days in paris by coach cross the chanel by boat and spend 3 days in paris. accommodations include a 3 star hotel in city centre. your guided tour of paris includes a cruise on the seine, a full day in paris seeing the sights including notre dame, sacre coeur moulin rouge, and a visit to the louvre.   
click for detailsmore overnight trips from london















for serious tourists choose 1, 2, 3 or 6 consecutive days - it's your passport to london! you get free entry to over 60 of london's top attractions as well as passes for travel on public transport including buses, tubes and trains.
  



instant entryto attractions
get tickets on your smartphone. no printing, no waiting.
tower of london 
london city cruises
london eye
hop-on hop-off open bus tour + tower of london
click here for more


 royal palaces & attractions 
in central london
tower of london
the london eye
apsley house
buckingham palace
queen's gallery
royal mews
kensington palace
st. james's palace
st. paul's cathedral
clarence house
whitehall
  banqueting house
  horse guards
  cenotaph
  cabinet war rooms
houses of parliament
jewel tower
leighton house
royal greenwich
royal hospital, chelsea
spencer house
somerset house
westminster abbey
windsor castle
wellington arch
kenwood house
lancaster house
burlington house
globe theatre
royal albert hall
albert memorial 
in greater london 
ham house & garden
chiswick house & gardens
syon house & park



 
 narrative history of london the more you know about the city the more you will enjoy your visit. 


hidden london by jan collie 
whether you're a newcomer or a real old hand, hidden london will surprise you. simply pick a theme and follow the links to wherever they made lead.








guides & itinerarieslondon in three days
 our pre-tested itinerary for london first timers. click here .  


london guide for the uninitiated
find your way to the best london has on offer.  click here .  


 out & about in london
 on the scene
how to spend 48 hours in london: sports and entertainment edition
7 places in london musicians must visit
where to find the best burgers in london
the steampunk craze continues to grow

food & drink 
food & drink in london pubs
london's thameside pubs, greenwich
five clubs to spot a celebrity in london
five epically old pubs in london 
 london travel tips
pandemic travel tips for city workers travelling overseasplanning your move to london
a london guide for the uninitiated
london travelling tips you should know
 sights & sounds
speakers corner, hyde park
view london from the shard
changing the guard at buckingham palace boxpark, the world's first pop-up shopping mall
hidden gems of east london
 resources
online ged classes.
 when in london, visit the best dentist in finchley for your perfect smile.
 



 






 bookmark us now  & recommend us to your friends. they'll thank you.  if we can be of further assistance,   send us an email .about us
privacy statementcontact usadvertising rates & info.  © unica online all rights reserved.





