

 









john p. fischer tiles, inc. - john p. fischer tiles, inc.


























































































menu





home page


about us


why john p. fischer?


specialties


walk-in shower enclosures


radiant floor heat


luxury vinyl flooring


shower doors


vanities


tile




faq


news & info


contact

 















you can rely on our experience and vast selection of quality products. 
							let's transform your bathroom or kitchen together 
							 















					complete your home				





our selection of amazing tile, flooring, and bathroom products is unsurpassed. so is our over 60 years of providing great customer service.






      learn more    
















					your headquarters for:				












					walk-in shower enclosures				













					radiant floor heating				













					luxury vinyl flooring				













					shower doors				













					bathroom vanities				













					porcelain, marble, glass, ceramic, stone, & mosaic tiles				









 


					expertise & experience				






you’ll love the incredible selection of tiles, flooring, and shower enclosures at john p. fischer tiles inc. some products are immediately available, with most available within just two weeks. we are your one-stop destination for the best advice and products to make your home improvement project complete.










					your perfect bathroom or kitchen in just 6 steps				
 









take your measurements

it’s even better if you also provide photographs of the room you wish to enhance.













come to our store for a visit

no appointment needed to browse the showroom mon-sat. one-on-one consultations available.













let's find the best solution

our design consultants are available to make your vision a reality.













create a plan

we’ll offer suggestions that work within your budget and also your design direction.













the design

from a kitchen backsplash to a walk-in shower enclosure, our team can handle projects of all sizes.













pick up or delivery

your contractor or installer will complete your project in practically no time.









 

					the very best products				


					sourced from all over the globe, including:				











for over 65 years, florida tile has delivered the most innovative and beautiful tile in the industry. this commitment has taken them from being a small, ceramic trim producer in lakeland, florida to a leading manufacturer of porcelain floor and wall tile across the usa.










cotto d’este’s mission is based on the values of italian beauty: taste, elegance, and style that bring the highest levels of excellence to our everyday lives. an innate passion for all that is art and culture is combined with a consolidated and deep-rooted tradition in ceramics.










high performance levels and refined aesthetic quality, have made lea ceramiche products greatly acknowledged by numerous industry experts in the international panorama.













since 1974, panaria has been an expression of the great ceramic tradition of panariagroup industrie ceramiche s.p.a., an italian multinational group and world leader in the manufacture and distribution of ceramic surfaces for flooring and cladding.










since 2007, arc has been the pioneer in structural, pre-formed, curb-less, level-entry showers. barrier free showers are an important advancement in shower design, eliminating the curb, which is a major tripping hazard and makes cleaning difficult. an arc design is easy and fast to install, and a perfect platform for covering with custom tile.










founded in paterson, new jersey in 1946, the century bathworks story is as much about quality as it is longevity. over the years, they were known as “the innovators” and it’s not hard to see why. high-end, framed shower and bath enclosures are their specialty, but they also excel with semi-frameless hinged shower enclosures and high-quality medicine cabinets.











					request an appointment				



do you have a bath or kitchen project? whether it’s a detailed vision or just some vague ideas, your project starts with an appointment in our store. our design team will assist you in selecting the perfect products.






					give us a call				


					(973) 427-7870				



					or visit us at:				


					1096 goffle road, hawthorne, nj 07506				







your name(required)


first



last

your email(required)

best number to call you?(required)your question or message?(required)commentsthis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
 











22880









					what a few of our customers have to say				









 

					great tile store. good selection and excellent customer service.				

 


vic lehmann





 

					best tile outfit on east coast 👌 great company. totally professional. highly recommended.				

 


todd cox





 

					janice at fischer tile is outstanding! dealing with her for a master bathroom remodel made the job so much easier! ty janice! also, had a delivery made from fischer, john, the delivery man is one of the best delivery people i ever met. ty john!!!				

 


richard durante





 

					gordy is one of the best i have worked with he is so knowledgeable, patient, organized, responsive and has a great eye! love fischer tile and i am picky and rarely leave reviews!				

 


lissa canavan





 

					great store and i can charge my electric car while i shop!				

 


ken jones





 

					bob is top notch. if you want no service & cheap tile, go to home depot. only quality products here.				

 


eric basek





 

					great showroom, lots of samples, very helpful staff.				

 


andre floyd









 







 
“stylish and practical, the right tile flooring can provide a beautiful backdrop for any room in your home”.  no appointment needed to browse the showroom mon-sat. one-on-one consultations available.

 

get in touch 

phone: (973) 427-7870
email: send us an email
address: 1096 goffle road, hawthorne, nj 07506

 



 

become a subscriber 
receive notice of special events & promotions

name(required)


first



last

email(required)

phonethis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
  











92495





 




home
john p. fischer
why john p. fischer?
faq
contact
privacy policy
 


						copyright © 2023 john p. fischer tiles, inc. | all rights reserved enlightened marketing by zen marketing & powered by webcentrex llc										"										"																																																																																			











































