


	home






















search



×





search





menu

homeeventsresultssolutionsabout uscontact ussommer sports brochure













sommer sports events

enjoy amazing event experiences! find your next event now!.

sommer sports events









sommer sports event services









event management



event management & consultation
sommer sports event management
sommer sports offers turnkey solutions, from event conception all the way through the execution of a great event! make your event successful and worry free by utilizing sommer sports 40+ years of event experience. no event is too big or too small.

more info >>





event timing



race timing services
sommer sports event timing
sommer sports is an industry leader in event timing with more than 35 years of timing experience. sommer sports times with both active and passive chip technology and offers real-time live results via web. display boards, text messaging, email and more.more info >>




equipment rental



event supplies & equipment rental
sommer sports equipment rental
sommer sports has all the equipment needed to stage at great event including crowd control barricades, aluminum truss, finish line structures and inflatables, tables, chairs, cones, bike racks, buoys, event and course signage, sound systems and much more.

more info >>


















































































































































































get social
















useful links 
information and registration links for sommer sports events
adventhealth great floridian triathlon
florida xtreme 500k coast to coast triathlon
sommer sports race results
coming soon 











about us

sommer sports is a multi-sport, event management and race timing company that creates events that enrich people's lives and provides and extraordinary experience for all involved. ,   with four decades of event experience, sommer sports is one of the most respected names in the event industry. 











terms of useprivacy statementcopyright 2025 by sommer sports, inc.



back to top













