








home - businesswomen’s association of south africa (bwa)















































		skip to content










 



home
contact
 



 

join usjoin us 







 







 







main menu

 









home
contact
 









 






  





 a platform for the inspiration and empowerment of women 







 
join us














here's to strong women. may we know them.may we be them. may we raise them. 







who we are 



since 1980, the businesswomen’s association of south africa has enjoyed a rich history of service to its diverse membership through networking, training, mentoring,knowledge-sharing and national recognition. today the bwa is recognized as the leading and most prominent organisation for women in south africa. as a non-profit organisation….. 






read more




















 



mentorship 



20% 







 



networking 



50% 











 



development 



40% 







 



coaching 



10% 











 















become a member 



join our dynamic association and you will become part of a vibrant, passionateandsupportive community of professional like-minded women from diverse professionsandsectors. the bwa gives a voice to all women in business, inspiring them to dream big,personally and professionally, so join now to hone your skills and develop your networks. 











 



corporate 







 



government  







 



social enterpreneur 







 



profesional 













join our mailing list at the businesswomen’s association of south africa and unlock a world of benefits tailored for ambitious women in business and leadership.  








 







 
the mandate of the bwa is to empower and inspire women by promoting opportunities to support, connect and grow their businesses and careers.

 

 



quick linkshome
contact
privacy policy
 







contact info nadmin@bwasa.co.za

 









© 2025 businesswomen’s association of south africa (bwa)
 



powered by businesswomen’s association of south africa (bwa)
 










































