




changes to been there readers' tips and photo competitions | travel | the guardian


























































































skip to main contentskip to navigationskip to navigationprint subscriptionssearch jobs sign inintinternational editionuk editionus editionaustralia editioneurope editionthe guardian - back to homethe guardiannewsopinionsportculturelifestyleshow morehide expanded menunewsview all newsworld newsus politicsuk newsclimate crisismiddle eastukraineenvironmentscienceglobal developmentfootballtechbusinessobituariesopinionview all opinionthe guardian viewcolumnistscartoonsopinion videosletterssportview all sportfootballcricketrugby uniontenniscyclingf1golfus sportscultureview all culturebooksmusictv & radioart & designfilmgamesclassicalstagelifestyleview all lifestylefashionfoodrecipeslove & sexhealth & fitnesshome & gardenwomenmenfamilytravelmoneysearch input google-search searchsupport usprint subscriptionssearch jobsholidaysdigital archiveguardian licensingabout usthe guardian appvideopodcastspicturesnewsletterstoday's paperinside the guardianthe observerguardian weeklycrosswordswordiplycorrectionssearch input google-search searchsearch jobsholidaysdigital archiveguardian licensingabout ustravelukeuropeus enter our photo competition and you could win a fantastic trip to manitoba, canada. photograph: alamyenter our photo competition and you could win a fantastic trip to manitoba, canada. photograph: alamyreaders' travel photo competitiontravel this article is more than 11 years oldchanges to been there readers' tips and photo competitionsthis article is more than 11 years oldbeen there has transferred to guardianwitness – visit the site to enter our readers' tips and photo competitionsthu 22 aug 2013 16.38 bstsharesince 2005, guardian travel's been there site has been offering a view of world travel through the eyes of real travellers – you – with tips, blogs, pictures and advice straight from the horse's mouth. the been there site has now closed but we are still running our weekly readers' tips and monthly photo competitions. to enter both go to guardianwitness. here's what you need to know:been there photo competitionwe are rightly proud of our monthly photo competition as the standard of travel photography it generates is incredibly high. this year, all the monthly winners will see their shot mounted by point 101 and exhibited in the winners' gallery at the guardian's offices in london at the end of the year. the overall winner receives the trip of a lifetime to manitoba, canada, courtesy of the canadian tourism commission. with the chance to shoot arctic wildlife as well as optional kayaking tours and a stop in winnipeg, it is an amazing opportunity to stretch your photography muscles among spectacular scenery. september's theme is work and don't forget to read the terms and conditions.been there readers' tips competitioneach week there is a force ten spindrift 300 tent worth £540 up for grabs for the best tip posted on a particular subject. tom hall from lonely planet is our judge. this week the theme is australian beaches. don't forget to read the terms and conditions.explore more on these topicstravelreaders' travel photo competitionsharereuse this contentmost viewedmost viewedtravelukeuropeusnewsopinionsportculturelifestyleoriginal reporting and incisive analysis, direct from the guardian every morningsign up for our emailhelpcomplaints & correctionssecuredropwork for us privacy policycookie policyterms & conditionscontact usall topicsall writersdigital newspaper archivetax strategyfacebookyoutubeinstagramlinkedinnewslettersadvertise with ussearch uk jobsback to top© 2025 guardian news & media limited or its affiliated companies. all rights reserved. (dcr)

