


state bank of spring hill | home









log on to online banking  |  help  |  contact us






















about sbsh






personal banking






business banking






online banking






locations






contact us
























  201 s. webster p.o. box 387 spring hill, ks 66083       phone: 913-592-3326   fax: 913-592-3446



















note: the state bank of spring hill (sbsh) has provided links to other web sites strictly for your convenience. sbsh is not affiliated with the operator of the web site you are entering, does not monitor this web site and has no control over or responsibility for the content, products or services provided by this site. sbsh does not endorse or guarantee the products, information or recommendations provided by this site and is not liable for the failure of products or services advertised on this site. the operator of the site you are entering may have a privacy policy that is different than that of sbsh. in addition, it is possible that linked third party web sites may provide less security than the sbsh web site. 









online banking services













												check your balance, transfer funds, balance your checkbook all from home. simply log on to state bank of spring hill's online banking service from anywhere in the world and your account information will be right at your fingertips. it is easy to sign up for and even easier to use!


more information  




notice of expiration of the temporary full fdic insurance coverage for noninterest-bearing transaction accounts

												by operation of federal law, beginning january 1, 2013, funds deposited in a noninterest-bearing transaction account (including an interest on lawyer trust account) no longer
												will receive unlimited deposit insurance coverage by the federal deposit insurance corporation (fdic). beginning january 1, 2013, all of a depositor’s accounts at an
												insured depository institution, including all noninterest-bearing transaction accounts, will be insured by the fdic up to the standard maximum deposit insurance amount
												($250,000), for each deposit insurance ownership category.

												for more information about fdic insurance coverage of noninterest-bearing transaction accounts, visit http://www.fdic.gov/deposit/deposits/unlimited/expiration.html



already a member?
												click here to logon now!































member fdic   
about state bank of spring hill  personal banking services  business banking services
			  locations and hours help  contact us  privacy policy  
 equal housing lender








