










british institute of embalmers


















office: 01564 778991
		email: info@bioe.co.uk



british 

institute
of embalmers




home
about
education
events
articles
members section
resources
privacy policy
contact us








welcome



			health and safety information - flu pandemic


			covid-19: infection prevention and control guidance


			covid-19: guidance for care of the deceased

the british institute of embalmers was founded in 1927 by a group 
			of 15 funeral directors who recognised the need for a separate 
			organisation for the professional embalmer.

			the 'memorandum of association' lists 19 objectives for which the 
			institute was established. many of these are legal statements 
			concerning the activities in which the institute may be concerned 
			and, whilst vital for the correct functioning of the institute, are 
			not directly concerned with embalming itself.

			those, which give the clue to the purpose of the institute, are as 
			follows:-

			(a) to support and protect the status, character and interests of 
			persons professing or practising the art or science of embalming the 
			dead.

			(b) to promote the efficient tuition of persons seeking to study and 
			practise the said art or science.

			(c) to encourage, by providing lectures and tuition and by testing 
			by examination or otherwise, and by awarding certificates, prizes 
			and distinctions, and by instituting and establishing grants, 
			rewards and other benefactions, the study and practice of improved 
			methods:

			(i) for preserving and disinfecting bodies of the dead;
			(ii) for preventing or lessening the danger of such bodies 
			propagating disease;
			(iii) of branches of knowledge having relation to the treatment, 
			sanitation and disposal of such bodies.

			(d) to consider all questions affecting the interests of persons 
			engaged in embalming, sanitation, and disposal of the bodies of the 
			dead, and to initiate and watch over, and, if thought desirable, to 
			petition parliament, or promote deputation's in relation to any to 
			any public measure affecting any matters aforesaid, and to promote 
			improvements in the principles and administration of the law 
			relating to the treatment and disposal of the bodies of the dead."
click here to 
			view our privacy policy









			rachel shipley fbie - president




copyright © 2007-2022 british institute of embalmers. all rights reserved.
				company registered in england & wales no. 00236671
		site created and maintained by 
		oak technology









