





chincoteague island va | chamber of commerce & official tourism center
















































































chincoteague chamber of commerce







contact








phone number


757-336-6161






toggle navigation menu





navigation


close navigation







plan your visit


toggle






directions


things to do in chincoteague


toggle






kayaking


activities planner


dining


nasa rocket launch viewing


shopping


accommodations


trolley schedule





pet-friendly


self guided tours & itineraries


weddings


business & group travel


blogs & podcasts





2025 visitor guide


directory


toggle






accommodations


toggle






bed and breakfast


campgrounds and rv parks


cottages and private rentals


hotels and motels


property management rentals





activities


business services


civic organizations


festivals


food


toggle






dine in and take out


dine out only


specialty food shops


ice cream


seafood





healthy living


shopping


toggle






artisans and galleries


bookstores


convenience stores


distributors and wholesalers


florists and plant shops


hair salons and barber shops


hardware stores


specialty shops








events calendar


toggle






community events


easter decoy and art festival


chincoteague seafood festival


chincoteague oyster festival


chincoteague old-fashioned christmas parade





chincoteague ponies and pony swim


toggle






pony event schedule


pony swim shuttle buses


chincoteague pony auction day


spring and fall roundup


100th anniversary of pony penning





membership


toggle






chamber mission & overview


member application & benefits


member badge


advertising


networking


business person & citizen of the year


economic development resources 


entrepreneurs





jobs


webcam





phone number


757-336-6161






















your chincoteague island story begins here!








your chincoteague island story begins here!
chincoteague chamber of commerce and certified visitor center

chincoteague island, virginia’s only resort island, is the most beautiful island on virginia's eastern shore. world famous for its oyster beds and clam shoals, chincoteague is nestled between assateague and wallops islands. assateague island, virginia is home to the chincoteague national wildlife refuge where you will discover the world-famous chincoteague ponies, diverse wildlife and waterfowl, assateague lighthouse, and award-winning beach at assateague island national seashore.wallops island is home to nasa wallops flight facility supporting rocket launches and seasonal visitor center experiences. our islands offer spectacular sunrises and sunsets, fantastic woodlands and marshes, scenic water views, and countless outdoor adventures. the chincoteague chamber of commerce and certified visitor center, as the official tourism office, is happy to help plan your stay on our beautiful shores.
















explore our resort island
unparalleled beauty of tranquil beaches
we hope this guide serves as the stepping stone to you creating your own chincoteague memories. the chincoteague chamber of commerce & certified visitor center looks forward to helping you plan your visit and sharing all our islands have to offer with you.

view our visitor guide
request a visitor guide













view some of our
frequently asked questions







when is the chincoteague chamber of commerce & certified visitor center open?





the chincoteague chamber of commerce & certified visitor center is the official tourism office for the town of chincoteague. we are open daily monday to saturday from 9:00am - 4:30pm and are located in the center of the turn circle at 6733 maddox boulevard. we are happy to assist you in person, over the phone at 757-336-6161, or via email. stop in to talk with our knowledgeable staff, browse brochures and menus, and learn the must-do's during your visit. purchase your official virginia is for pony lovers shirt ($30), and chincoteague-opoly game ($50 cash/check only) too.
our chincoteague island visitor guide & membership directory is the perfect source to learn about all you can enjoy while visiting chincoteague and assateague islands including accommodations, activities, dining, shopping, and more. paper copies of this annual guide are also conveniently located in the box at the bottom of the porch steps or you can request one be mailed to you through our website or by calling the office. a digital version is always just a click away, if you prefer to view it from your computer or device.
we are happy to also offer interactive mobile technologies to explore hotels, restaurants, activities, shopping, audio tours, and more while building an itinerary to capture all you can enjoy while visiting the beautiful land across the water. download the chincoteague app for apple or android, use the interactive outdoor kiosk located in the chamber yard, or online with our 'plan your trip' widget.
we look forward to helping you 'discover your love of chincoteague island'!







how can i download the chincoteague app?





planning the perfect getaway in chincoteague just got easier! the chincoteague chamber of commerce is excited to offer the chincoteague 'plan your visit' widget which is an interactive way to map out everything you don’t want to miss in chincoteague. the widget provides a new way to explore what chincoteague island has to offer, including hotels, popular restaurants, activities, shopping, itinerary building, audio tours, and so much more. 
the widget is available three convenient ways:
1. on chincoteaguechamber.com, the official tourism website for chincoteague island, va
2. the chincoteague app which is available for both android and apple
3. an interactive outdoor kiosk conveniently located in the chamber yard in the turn circle on maddox boulevard









how can i enjoy the chincoteague national wildlife refuge & assateague island national seashore va?





the chincoteague national wildlife refuge and assateague island national seashore, va are open the following hours throughout the year.
may through september - 5:00 a.m. - 10:00 p.m., dailyoctober - 6:00 a.m. - 8:00 p.m., dailynovember through mid-march - 6:00 a.m. - 6:00 p.m., dailymid-march through april - 6:00 a.m. - 8:00 p.m., daily
the wildlife loop is open during normal operating hours for walking and biking but is also open to drive daily from 3pm to dusk.
entrance to the refuge is free if you are walking and biking or there are daily, weekly, and annual fees if you plan to drive your vehicle over. annual military and senior passes are also available.







when is pony swim?





this is probably one of the most confusing and often mistakenly answered questions..... 
pony swim and auction are always the last consecutive wednesday and thursday in july. pony swim back, which takes place on friday, can be on august 1st.
for instance in 2024, the last consecutive wednesday and thursday are july 24 & 25 - so those are pony swim and auction days. the swim is not july 31, which is the last wednesday, because thursday is august 1.
if you are ever in doubt or would like more details about pony swim events, please check out our pony swim events schedule page.







what are some frequently asked questions about the chincoteague ponies?





the chincoteague volunteer fire company has developed a thorough list of frequently asked questions.... and answers regarding the chincoteague ponies.




more faqs
















discover our ponies

discover our ponies



more details









meet our members

meet our members



more details









wander our trails & itineraries

wander our trails & itineraries



more details









explore our festivals

explore our festivals



more details









view our webcam

view our webcam



more details














what's happening now?
discover virginia's only resort island
what's happening on chincoteague island? check here to plan your days and evenings while visiting our beautiful island. enjoy!

chamber sponsored festivals
view events calendar








civa recent accolades
some recent awards of the civa







bedrooms


this entire island induces a sense of calm within me when i’m here. it’s something i really cannot explain. it’s a feeling that cannot be bought or sold. almost like if you step back, breathe deeply and open your heart, you can feel this island embrace you. it is a wonderful feeling and part of that magic are the people here. they are such an intricate part of that welcoming. it is no wonder that so many are saddened to leave.   – steven turchin

bedrooms




steven turchin







bedrooms


coastal living magazine named chincoteague #1 ‘happiest seaside town in america’ – 2014

bedrooms




coastal living magazine 







bedrooms


budget travel named chincoteague island #2 in ‘100 coolest small towns in america’ - 2015

bedrooms




budget travel 







bedrooms


southern living magazine named chincoteague island #5 in ‘south’s best top 10 islands’ - 2017

bedrooms




southern living magazine 







bedrooms


chincoteague is the perfect destination for families who adore nature, relish relaxation, and appreciate a sense of community. as an historic gem of the eastern shore, chincoteague provides outlets for everyone, from sportsmen and sunbathers to fun-seekers and foodies.               - michael c. upton, travel writer and longtime chincoteague visitor

bedrooms




michael c. upton







prev






next

















harbour rentals, llc










hampton inn and suites










refuge inn










fairfield inn & suites chincoteague island waterfront










best western chincoteague island










seaside vacations & sales










comfort suites chincoteague island bayfront resort










miss molly’s inn










island resort










island getaways, llc









prev





next








chevron up


return to top












search




search


search






quick links

things to do in chincoteague
weddings
chamber board of directors and team members
member badge
press
group travel
privacy policy
health & public safety awareness
public service announcements



contact us

chincoteague chamber of commerce and certified visitor center

6733 maddox boulevard
chincoteague island, va 23336

757-336-6161
email us




facebook




twitter




pinterest




youtube




instagram




trip advisor





e-newsletter signup











email address








subscribe






copyright © 2025 chincoteague chamber of commerce. all rights reserved.

web design by intercoastal net designs


































































































































































































































































































































































