


the wild bohemian home page






















home page subject categories: 
about this site 
altered consciousness 
beat generation 
haight-ashbury 
rainbow gatherings 
woodstock 




other pages on this site: 
like if it's got anything to do with wild bohemian cats and chicks,
you'll probably find it here. included here are links to pages about hippies,
the beat generation, the grateful
dead and other bohemian bands, outlaw
bikers (including the hells angels), plus everything else bohemian
i can find, all the way back to... diogenes and
the cynics (funny no 60's band thought of using that name, however
a certain light show artist did). there's
a hip dictionary you can use if you don't understand
the meaning of some of the words and there's even a who's
who where you can find out more on the people mentioned here. there's
a new text-only index page to the entire site.
we hope the new format makes things easier to find. to return to this directory
from any other page (or from another part of this page), click on your
browser's back button. 









how to get the most
out of this web site






if you don't see the marquee above, you need to upgrade to netscape
3 or higher. if you have netscape and only see a gray bar, try clicking
on reload.



find out about the importance of keeping the internet accessible for
everyone.



to hear the sound files, you need to download the realaudio player.
once installed, you can hear what my voice sounds
like.


access trouble
if you have trouble accessing this site, see
the technical notes near the end of this page


browser problems
if you find these pages hard to read, here's some adjustments you can
make



find out about privacy issues on the internet 


introduction
what this site is all about and how to get the most out of it - hippie
memorial - credits


the editor's desk
what's new on this site, feedback on your email and other editor's
column stuff: this monthly column is posted close to the 9th of every month






to reduce the
clutter, i have turned the list into a nice little table: 





sites about the haight-ashbury
and the hippies


my haight-ashbury archives
this is all the stuff i've written and collected about the haight-ashbury
over the years. if you've got questions about the era or the people involved
with it, there's a good chance you'll find the answer in here.


the head shop
here's where you can find the latest information on cd-roms, books,
recordings, computer programs and other items that hippies find groovy.


other haight-ashbury related sites
this is where you can find out what's going on in the haight-ashbury
right now. it includes everything from the haight-ashbury free press to
the haight-ashbury free clinic, plus maps of the area and what is located
where, and it even has some historical sites and research sites in case
you get stuck with writing a term paper on the subject.


hippies in the here and now
like the above page, this one is about hippies in the here and now,
but in other places besides the haight-ashbury.


ken kesey and the pranksters
this is all the stuff on the web about ken kesey, the pranksters and
the cuckoo's nest. you can check out his web site and check out several
others, download all sorts of photos of ken, the furthur bus and other
stuff, or you can visit the shock shop, groove on the disturbed ward or
check out the scene in the operating room on ms, where they do the lobotomies.


the hippie radio station
ken kesey wasn't the only one who had a band of pranksters. i had my
own, and our prank was to start a hippie radio station where it would be
least appreciated ...in dallas, texas. man, you should have seen how it
upset the squares, and this is the story about that.


progressive sites for social change
environmental and networking gophers, and other progressive sites.




sites about the rainbow gatherings

the welcome home
page www site
the newsgroup alt.gathering.rainbow
you'll probably have to use your newsreader to get there.
tribe of
dot - rainbow icq chat

 
other bohemian sites of various kinds

burning man - here's
how a friend of mine who attended describes it:

"thousands of people drive to the middle of nowhere, build a city
out of the dust, live, create, and party in it for a week, then burn it
to the ground. no spectators permitted." 
the outlaw biker page - bohemians on
harleys who like to be dirty all the time
the ravers at hyperreal
and their techno music
wisdom's maw - government
acid tests, perry lane, neal cassady, hells angels, etc.
back to top of page




sites about altered states of consciousness
bohemians have always had in interest in altered states of consciousness.
drugs are one way to alter consciousness,
but there are many other ways that don't involve the use of drugs. that's
what most of these sites are about. 

the astral projection
home page - out of body experiences
the newsgroup alt.out-of-body
my experiences at esalen
institute and with the human potential movement - new
what my first isolation tank trip
was like (10,331 bytes)
centering the energy in an  sweat lodge
meditation
faq for the alt.meditation
newsgroup. also has links to sites about yoga
new millennium magazine - a forum on consciousness
paul rodrguez's
page - with links about joseph campbell, alan watts, and all sorts
of other interesting sites.
the newsgroup alt.consciousness
back to top of page




sites about the beat generation
you know, like kerouac, ginsberg,
neal cassady, lew
welch and all their friends. plus jazz, poetry readings, bongo
playing, smoking "tea", wild drunken orgies and even homosexual
beatniks carrying on in the dormitories down at columbia university
(or so the dean thought). ah, those were the days, although i think us
hippies managed to outdo the beats in several ways... 

the beat generation archives - articles
about or by the beats and beat generation related sites - all the beat
generation sites are now on this new page.
back to top of page




...and finally, the biggest mess the hippies ever made!
remember when the fat lady sang and the so-called summer of love went
belly up? well, after drug dealers started murdering each other
left and right and hippies got tired of being hassled by the police, runaway
teenagers and rubbernecking tourists, the general consensus was that the
haight-ashbury was no longer a groovy place to hang out, so we all split,
including the grateful dead. but that only left a little mess (actually,
the park department thought it was pretty big, but they hadn't seen nothin'
yet). 
the hippie scene kept growing around the country until we were over
400,000 strong. when every one of them (minus ken kesey and myself) shows
up at a bash called woodstock and the fat lady (actually jimi hendrix)
sings, man, that left a mess like nobody had ever seen before, and it took
them months to get it cleaned up. i think that was the last mess
the hippies ever made. the next year, we had earth day instead. in case
you're wondering why kesey and i didn't make the woodstock scene, like
all i can say is it was one hell of a bummer for both of us, man, and not
one caused by drugs either. actually, it was caused by the squares' reaction
to drugs, but i don't want to go into that and i don't think kesey does
either. anyone got a good gif of this mess? 
some web sites about woodstock

the music festival
homepage (3-5-98)
http://www.woodstock69.com
glenn
weiser's woodstock 69 pages
woodstock nation online
woodstock nation foundation,
inc. not-for-profit
back to top of page



suggestions or comments?
call 1-800-hip-cats of course! no man, scratch that. if you call that
number, there's no telling what might happen. it might even cause your
server to crash or some equally bad bummer, so e-mail me at colinp1@mindspring.com
instead! 

by the way, ever click on one of these buttons
only to have it cause the server to crash? i knew i had when i clicked
on the one on kesey's site. never trust a prankster. 



technical notes: access problems and bad links
whenever you have trouble accessing this (or any other site on the internet),
it's usually an indication of server overload. server overload occurs whenever
too many people try to access a server at any given time. this can cause
pages to take forever to load, server timeouts, or error messages to occur.
it makes the web page appear to malfunction, even though there's nothing
wrong with it. the best thing to do when this happens is to bookmark the
site and try it again later. in the meantime, try accessing a site in another
time zone. 
please understand that there's nothing a webmaster can do to prevent
this problem, it's just the nature of the internet. servers can only handle
so much bandwidth, and when that gets exceeded, things jam up. some commercial
sites solve the problem by putting up mirror sites in other time zones,
but that can be expensive and is usually not an option for non-commercial
sites like this one. 
web sites on the west coast tend to get hit the hardest, because we
start getting hit with traffic from the east coast, then with traffic from
all the other time zones to the east of us. the reverse is not true because
when traffic from the west coast starts hitting them, traffic from their
own time zone has died down. the trick is to figure out the best time to
access sites on each time zone. hint: weekends are a very good time to
access web sites because business related traffic is very light and students
are usually doing other things besides using the internet to do their assignments.
weekday afternoons seem to be the worst time to access web sites.

sometimes when a site is not jammed up, you might get an error message.
one of the most common is the 404 error. what that means is that
the web page you tried to access is no longer on the server. whenever you
encounter such an error, you should e-mail the webmaster and let them know
the url of the bad link and what page it occurred on. one time, someone
wrote about a bad link, but they failed to mention which page it was on
and i had to search the whole web site to find it, and we're talking about
over 100 pages on this site. back to top of page


formatting problems: 
because of the differences in web browsers and computer
monitors, writing a web page that will look great in all of them is impossible.
webmasters can only hope to write a page that will appear properly in the
majority of cases. for example, netscape 6.1 has a new feature called my
sidebar. very few web pages are written to display properly when it is in place
since it changes the aspect ratio of the display. you should close it first
before you surf the web. to do so, click on view and uncheck my
sidebar.   
most web sites are written for the the following display
settings: 800x600 and the browser window fully maximized. if you use a
higher resolution than that, you may have trouble reading the text. as a check,
you should be seeing six copies of the background graphic (the haight-ashbury
street sign) in the horizontal (side by side) direction. people have written me
about this problem in the past, but the new monitors seem to be better about
this. nobody has written about it in the last five years, so i assume it's no
longer a problem. you may also have to adjust the brightness or contrast of your
monitor to get the clearest picture. 

copyright: except as noted, all the text and graphics on this
site are copyright © colin pringle, and are shareware. nothing may
be used for commercial purposes without permission. 














copyright © 1995-2002 colin pringle (colinp1@mindspring.com)

filename: index.htm 
(please mention this filename when reporting bad links or other problems
on this page) 
last revision: 5-21-2002 
spell ck 


