 same-day flower delivery baltimore md | local baltimore florist   skip to main contentfor our freshest, most beautiful blooms, please shop our florist’s choice options, as we may be experiencing
delays in receiving shipments of certain flower types.please note that for all other orders, we may need to replace stems so we can deliver the freshest bouquet possible, and we may have to use a different vase.we promise to always deliver a fresh, beautiful, and completely one-of-a-kind gift of the same or greater value as what you selected.deliveries may also be impacted by covid-19 restrictions. rest assured that we are taking all recommended precautions to ensure customer satisfaction and safety.   delivery impacts may include:restricted deliveries to hospitals or nursing homesrestricted deliveries to office buildingsrestricted access to certain regional areasin addition, we may be using “no contact” delivery procedures. after confirming that the
recipient is available to accept, their gift will be left at the door and the delivery driver will step back a
safe distance to ensure they receive their gift.please see our about us page for more details. we appreciate
your understanding and support!×gift now, deliver laterwith gift now, deliver later, you'll send smiles twice! here's how: smile 1when you complete your purchase, your lucky recipient will instantly receive a surprise email that includes your card message and a picture of the flowers you chose. smile 2as soon as possible (usually within two weeks), we'll contact your recipient to schedule delivery of their gorgeous floral gift. trust us, it'll be worth the wait!×wine for every occasionwe offer a wide-selection of premium wines to perfectly pair with your floral gift.ordering a bottle (or two!) from our site is easy. just make sure that:you're 21 or olderthe person picking up or receiving the delivery is 21 or older× open coupon details ×     flowers by chris 100% florist-designed and hand-delivered!  same-day design and hand-delivery!*   proudly serving baltimore, md                  since 1978 flowers by chris - flower delivery in baltimore, md free delivery for local online orders*    search   flowers by chris start over how does this work? main menu  flowers by chris           search deal of the day valentine's day occasions     valentine's daywinterbirthdaysympathy and funeralany occasionlove and romancethinking of youi'm sorry flowersnew babyget wellanniversaryjust becausethank youcongratulationsbusiness gifting birthday     all birthdaybirthday for friendbirthday for herbirthday for mombirthday for colleaguebirthday gift basketsbirthday for him sympathy and funeral     all sympathy and funeralfuneral sprays and wreathsfuneral service flowerssympathy for home or officesympathy plantsloss of a pet flowers, plants & gifts     flower typetulipssunflowersorchidsliliesrosesplantsgreen plantsblooming plantsorchid plantscolorpurplepinkmixedyellowwhitegreenorangeredbluecollectionspremium collectiongift basketsmodernour custom designsby priceflowers under $50flowers $50 to $60flowers $60 to $80flowers over $80  our shop     corporate eventsdelivery policyholiday collectionwedding flowersplant installations about usflower deliveryocean city, mdpatterson park, mdcanton, mdfells point, mdfederal hill, mdhampden, mdhighlandtown, mdinner harbor, mdlittle italy, mdmount vernon, md  free*    ends in:     deal of the day  valentine's day occasions occasionsvalentine's daywinterbirthdaysympathy and funeralany occasionlove and romancethinking of youi'm sorry flowersnew babyget wellanniversaryjust becausethank youcongratulationsbusiness gifting  birthday birthdayall birthdaybirthday for friendbirthday for herbirthday for mombirthday for colleaguebirthday gift basketsbirthday for him  sympathy and funeral sympathy and funeralall sympathy and funeralfuneral sprays and wreathsfuneral service flowerssympathy for home or officesympathy plantsloss of a pet  flowers, plants & gifts flower typetulipssunflowersorchidsliliesrosesplantsgreen plantsblooming plantsorchid plantscolorpurplepinkmixedyellowwhitegreenorangeredbluecollectionspremium collectiongift basketsmodernour custom designsby priceflowers under $50flowers $50 to $60flowers $60 to $80flowers over $80  our shop  about us delivery & substitution
policy all flowers & giftscorporate eventsholiday collectionwedding flowersplant installations flower deliveryocean city, mdpatterson park, mdcanton, mdfells point, mdfederal hill, mdhampden, mdhighlandtown, mdinner harbor, mdlittle italy, mdmount vernon, md       free*   ends in:  why buy from us?  ▲ ▼100%satisfaction  guaranteerealwe are a real local florist100%florist designed  and hand delivered * free local delivery is available for local online orders only. for orders being sent outside of our local delivery zone,
a delivery fee based on the recipient’s address will be calculated during checkout.     100% satisfaction guaranteed   we are a real local florist   100% florist-designed and hand-delivered   shop by popular occasions             valentine's day    birthday       sympathy & funeral         just because    love & romance   send joy today: same-day flower delivery in baltimore   valentine’s day special bouquetfrom $99.95 devoted to you™ red rosesfrom $99.95 classic love bouquet™from $89.95 cupid's arrow™from $79.95 perfect wrapped long-stemmed red rosesfrom $99.95 you and me™from $39.95 12 classic red rosesfrom $99.95 florist's choice daily dealfrom $79.95 rosy rapture™from $129.95 romance of roses™from $119.95 six red rosesfrom $54.95 two dozen red rosesfrom $199.95 happy thoughtsfrom $49.95 wishes and kissesfrom $69.95 joyful heart™from $59.95 why buy from us?fastsame day designand hand-deliveryjointhousands ofhappy customers100%florist designed and hand delivered     off is yours!code will be automatically applied in checkout. coupon redeemable for online  purchases only. valid through .our lovingly reviews read more reviews read more reviews         flowers by chris    10 w eager st, suite 101, baltimore, md 21201    (410) 727-3434      get driving directions  flower delivery in baltimore mdwelcome to flowers by chris, your trusted local flower shop for exceptional flower delivery in baltimore, md. our talented team of floral designers creates stunning arrangements for any occasion, ensuring that your special moments are adorned with fresh, vibrant blooms. as a local business, we are proud to serve the baltimore community with personalized service and high-quality floral designs. choose flowers by chris for all your flower delivery needs in baltimore, md, and experience the difference that comes with a dedicated, passionate local flower shop.sending flowers in baltimore or beyond, your maryland florist has you coveredif you're looking for flower delivery in baltimore, md, you're in the right place! our local flower store is proud to offer a wide selection of fresh flowers and arrangements for any occasion. from birthdays to anniversaries, weddings to sympathy arrangements, we've got you covered.not located in baltimore? don't worry! we also offer delivery to several nearby towns including ocean city, patterson park, canton, fells point, federal hill, hampden, highlandtown, inner harbor, little italy and mount vernon so you can surprise your loved ones with beautiful blooms no matter where they are.but what sets us apart from other flower delivery services? our florist's choice daily deal, of course! this unique florist-designed arrangement is perfect for any occasion and is sure to bring a smile to anyone's face. let our experienced florists hand-select the freshest flowers available and create a one-of-a-kind arrangement just for you.ordering flowers online from our local flower store is easy and convenient. simply browse our selection of bouquets and arrangements, choose your favorite, and enter your recipient's information at checkout. we'll take care of the rest, delivering your beautiful blooms right to their doorstep.                      powered by    flowers by chris is a lovingly momentmaker in baltimore, md.   buying local matters. discover how lovingly is committed to strengthening relationships by helping local florists market, sell, and deliver their floral designs online.               google business page flowers by chris10 w eager st, suite 101 baltimore md 21201+1 (410) 727-3434   copyrighted images herein are used with permission by flowers by chris.  ©
2025  lovingly, llc. all rights reserved.  lovingly and the lovingly logo are trademarks of lovingly holdings, llc terms of serviceprivacy policyaccessibility statementprivacy request formdelivery policy          top 4 reasons to buy from
flowers by chris 100% satisfaction guaranteewe take pride in our work, and stand behind every arrangement we deliver. if you are not completely satisfied
with your order, please contact us so that we can make it right. we are a real local floristwe've been baltimore local florist  since 1978 and we are proud to serve this community. there are a lot of "online companies"
that pretend to be a local florist, hurting both you and small businesses like ours. you can feel confident that you will get an amazing
arrangement that is supporting a real local florist! 100% florist designed, hand deliveredbuying from us means that all arrangements are designed by artists who know
the floral trade. we hand-deliver every single arrangement so your recipient
is sure to love their gift! no wilted, sad, flowers in a box here! your design will be exquisitely arranged and sure to be loved! join thousands of happy customersour customers and the happiness of their friends and family are our top priority! when you buy from us, you are getting an arrangement that is sure
to impress and delight! we will personally ensure that you're happy with your arrangement!×* free local delivery is available for local online orders only. for orders being sent outside of our local delivery zone, a delivery fee based on the recipient's address will be calculated during checkout. ×                   