




  






home - blaine chamber of commerce, wa























 menu 















blaine, washington












join the chamber 





























blaine, washington












join the chamber 






















event applications









become a sponsor









volunteer









schedule a meeting














reserve the boardroom

members

become a member
member login
benefits of membership
member directory
member directory by category
member map



about the chamber

become a member
about us
officers & board of directors
contact us



events

event calendar
annual events
vendor applications
submit event



visit blaine

blaine welcome center
resourceful links
relocation info
doing business in blaine













































go









pages



members



categories



quicklinks



events





























event videos by joey winkler


















4th of july updates



























































welcome






 





to the blaine chamber of commerce

we want to welcome you to our unique oceanside destination! with legendary views of drayton harbor and the salish sea, blaine is a world-class, year-round destination. providing inspiring arts, culture, and thrilling outdoor adventures.  













read more





























































volunteer






















































upcoming events




 























sponsorship opportunities




we offer many sponsorship opportunities. this is a great way to put your company's name on programs and events in blaine! when participating as a sponsor, your business will be engaging customers and the community. giving you a platform to network, build relationships, and get noticed! please contact us  today and take your business to the next level!






















benefits of membership




as a chamber member, you will gain opportunities to build your presence in the community. the chamber is here to support and promote success. we offer networking opportunities, referrals, and will help you create partnerships along the way. 









































































 blaine chamber of commerce

  546 peace portal drive, blaine, wa 98230

  800. 624.3555

  info@blainechamber.com



 © copyright 2025 blaine chamber of commerce. all rights reserved. site provided by growthzone - powered by chambermaster software.
























 


