



the positive mind -- radio archive




















about the positive mind center
in the heart of new york city, helping people for over 40 years
located on 57th street, the positive mind center delivers comprehensive mental health counseling and psychotherapy. founded by armand dimele over 40 years ago. 
learn more about the center





17 sep 2019navigating change part iia continuation of our prior discussion on change.rss feedfacebooktwitter

10 sep 2019navigating changechange is a powerful teacher that can bring profound existential reckoningrss feedfacebooktwitter

21 aug 2019end of summer psychological breakreflections on the end of summer rss feedfacebooktwitter

14 aug 2019books, the beach and self-soothingsummer time brings us opportunities to unplug and reconnectrss feedfacebooktwitter

10 jul 2019exploring the enneagram typesan overview of the 9 "types" in the enneagramrss feedfacebooktwitter

03 jul 2019independence4th of july specialrss feedfacebooktwitter

24 apr 2019daddy don't gofilmmaker emily abt discusses her documentary about fatherhood, "daddy don't go"rss feedfacebooktwitter

17 apr 2019beautykevin explores what beauty is and how to define itrss feedfacebooktwitter

10 apr 2019spring feeling part iidiscussion on spring psychology continuedrss feedfacebooktwitter

03 apr 2019spring feeling part ias the weather changes we explore the psychology of spring timerss feedfacebooktwitter

27 mar 2019let's talk about deathmichael hebb and dr. jordana jacobs join us to discuss the importance of discussing death.rss feedfacebooktwitter

20 mar 2019art therapy and incarcerationwith guest lesley achitoff, director of the creative arts therapy program at rikers islandrss feedfacebooktwitter

30 jan 2019smart phones and relationships part iimore on how social media and technology has changed communication and relationships.rss feedfacebooktwitter

16 jan 2019getting the love you want part iiiharville hendrix and helen lakelley hunt return to the show for another discussion on relationshipsrss feedfacebooktwitter

09 jan 2019smart phones and relationshipshow has smart phone technology changed society and relationships? callers weigh in.rss feedfacebooktwitter



next 15 episodes 




from the listeners

		listening to the positive mind opens the door to the workings of your mind & why you do the things you do. true, there's no "free pass" to peace of mind but this show helps to put you on the path." - cricket




radio show categories

enneagramprograms featuring the enneagramrecent researchprograms about cutting edge researchangerprograms about passive-agressive, bipolar disorder and other anger related conditionsemotional fragilityprograms about fragile emotionsdepressionarmand discusses living with depressionstress, tension and anxietyprograms pertaining to stress, tension and anxietypositive perceptionsarmand looks at the lighter side of psychologybehavior and personalitya collection of radio programs discussing various human behaviours and tendanciesaddictionsa short series on addictions, compulsions and self destructive behaviorsbirth orderarmand discusses his ground breaking theory on birth orderinterviewsvarious interviews of armand and his special guestsdrama of the gifted childa discussion about narcissism, dependency, grandiosity and depressionthe refugee syndromea totally new perspective on feelings of isolation and alonenessthe psychology of menthis is the men's serieshuman sexualityremarkable insights relating sex, evolution and how we got to be who we arerelationshipslearn about what makes a good relationship and how to make your relationships stronger



 



the foundation for positive psychology
helping people in need
established in 1978, the foundation for positive psychology has a mission encourage people to learn about themselves, and improve their lives through positive thinking.
	funds are used to cover production and delivery costs for "the positive mind", and to provide therapy to those who cannot afford it. 










the crew



armand dimele
original host of "the positve mind" for 35 years. his presence among the radio waves will always be remembered, as his reach as both a therapist and a host spread across the world.  he  was a board certified diplomate in clinical social work, a certified rehabilitation specialist and a registered graduate education supervisor.



kevin o'donoghue
kevin is the co-host and producer of "the positive mind" on wbai 99.5 fm in new york city. a native of queens, ny kevin was armand's only student and close colleague for the last 3 years of his life. kevin is happy to continue the legacy of armand on the air for many, many years to come.   
contact me



ben starr
ben is a co-producer of "the positive mind". for his tenth birthday, he received a clock radio from a neighbor, beginning of a lifelong love of radio. after listening to the program for years, ben became part of the team in 2014.
contact me






niseema dyan 
niseema is co-producer and featured guest on "the positive mind". she hopes to educate the listeners about the importance of the body mind connection.  
contact me



linda vanella
linda is a featured guest who co-hosted the show with armand and joins us to provide a clinical voice that adds the feminine perspective and expertise in trauma and ptsd. 
contact me







links
the positive mind center
contact the show


follow us
facebook
twitter


other links
podcast rss feed




© copyright 2025, the dimele center.  all rights reserved. 




