




home :: alabama jubilee hot air balloon classic

























schedule
balloons
about
contact









memorial day weekend | may 24 - 25, 2025 | decatur, alabama
hot air balloons | food & vendors | entertainment | arts & crafts | auto show | tractor show

free admission
free parking


 

visitor information
thanks to our generous and loyal sponsors admission & parking for the alabama jubilee are free!
 


events & activities
hot air balloons
this is the main event! the hot air balloon activities of the alabama jubilee hot air balloon classic consist of four flight and event timeslots, the first is early saturday morning (6:00am - 8:00am) and the second is late-afternoon saturday (5:00pm - 8:00pm); then again in the morning and evening on sunday. 
the mornings are reserved for aircraft competition tasks between pilots and their crews (sometimes called 'races'...though this is no speed contest).  evenings consist of half of the balloons flying from the field and half of the balloons staying on the jubilee field tethering and glowing.
tethered rides are at the discretion of each pilot and are free.   paid flights are not offered during the event.





                    balloon tethers & paid rides                



tethered rides are offered on the alabama jubilee schedule as part of our evening operations each day. 
tethered rides are at the pilots discretion and are free.   
we do not offer paid balloon flights during the event.
tips:


lines for the rides can be long so arrive early for the wait.


minors (under 19) must be accompanied by a parent or guardian.


pilots may have a minimum age for rides. typically over the age of three (3).


balloons are aircraft, not fair rides. fuel is limited to one or two hours.


if weather conditions change, the balloons may have to discontinue with short notice. 


please refrain from smoking on the launch field.  balloon fuel is liquid propane.


be mindful of tie-down ropes. do not cross these unless you are given approval by the crew.


do not touch the balloon equipment unless directed to by the pilot or crew.


balloons have weight and capacity limits. large groups will be asked to split-up.








                    when to see the balloons                



due to weather conditions, balloon activities are held in the earliest and latest hours of the day. the best time to arrive at the field is before 6:00am for morning and 5:00pm for evening.
balloon inflations and flights are often canceled, delayed, or postposed due to weather conditions.






                    balloon events & tasks                



the alabama jubilee balloon events consists of four balloon events.
each morning there is a is a competition flight for the balloons.  in the evenings half the balloons will fly with the other half staying on the field for tethers and a balloon glow.
for those who often ask how you compete in a balloon, a brief description of balloon competition tasks are below:
saturday morning - hare & hound race
one balloon designated as the 'hare' will launch before the others.  once in the air they try to follow the first balloon. 
the first balloon will land and roll out a large fabric 'x' onto which the "hound" balloons will try to drop a bean-bag marker.  whoever is closest to the center wins.
sunday morning - lynn layton key grab
this is a 'fly-in' that brings the balloons from off the field back onto it for the lynn layton key grab.
balloons must fly a predetermined distance, usually three miles, and attempt to navigate back to the field in order to grab a ring from the top of a tall pole.  a secondary goal is to drop a bean-bag marker at the center of an 'x' that is laid-out near the pole.






                    handicap accommodations                




handicap parking at all lots is open to all vehicles with permits. 
considerable additional handicap parking is available, with permit, at the entrance to the baseball fields. 
in the event that handicap parking reaches capacity, drop-offs are allowed in the baseball field lot adjacent to the launch field.
an accessible viewing area is provided at the driving range covered tee area. 







                    parking                




event parking at point mallard park parking lots and remote lots is free.  
parking within the park is limited, lending to heavy traffic in the evenings.  plan to arrive early and enjoy all the activities.  at the end of the evening, stick around and enjoy the band while the departing traffic clears.
shuttled remote parking - there will be shuttle service available from the general electric appliances parking lot outside at 2328 point mallard dw se from 3:00pm - 10:00pm.  parking in remotes lots is also free, but there is a bus fee of $5.00 cash per person round-trip. children 3 and under are free.







                    directions                



the official address of point mallard park is 2901 point mallard circle se, decatur, al.
please be aware that gps directions will likely guide you through residential neighborhoods to blocked streets during the event.  to avoid this, ensure that you enter via church street and point mallard drive.

 










                    food & merchandise                 



we have many food and merchandise vendors at the alabama jubilee hot air balloon classic including: fried foods, pizza, funnel cakes, ice cream, lemonade, inflatable activities, face paint, drinks, kona ice and much, much more!  you'll have to visit our midway to find-out all that we offer because we are signing-up vendors right-up until the last moment to pack the most in!
if you would like to be a vendor at the alabama jubilee, please submit an application from our contacts section as early in the year as possible. 






                    entertainment                



the alabama jubilee features live acts and shows in the late afternoon and evening. veterans are honored during an onstage ceremony and live radio acts ham it up!
our schedule is constantly updating so check back often to find out the latest!






                    arts & crafts                



visitors are invited to explore the arts and crafts show put on by the decatur art guild on the soccer field nearby.
there are lots of interesting treasures to be found from traditional wall-art, to yard-art, custom knives, and trinkets of all kids its sure to excite and delight! 
if you would like to be a showing artist, please contact the decatur art guild. 






                    tractor show                



each year the southland flywheelers host an antique tractor show across from the water slides. the show features the best restored and maintained tractors in the southeast. come and see the tractors on display and the roaring power of the demonstrations!






                    automobile show                



come and see the classic cars at the alabama jubilee auto expo. marvel over custom restorations, original vintage autos, kit cars and more.
if you own a classic car, you too can participate. show up early between 8:00am and 12:00pm on saturday to enter your car. there is a $20.00 entry fee and all proceeds support local automotive students. prizes are awarded at 12:30pm! 
for more information contact: donald allen at 256-227-4681 or joe betterton at 502-821-8727









                    event rules                




smoking is not permitted on the launch field due to use of propane.
dogs and other pets are welcome but discouraged.  it is common for pets to be frightened by the balloon burners and fireworks. they must be leashed and bagged after.
lawn chairs, wagons, and small picnic items are allowed.  please keep your setup at the edges of the field.
tailgating tents or 'pop tents' must be kept along the tree-line. small umbrellas and shading devices are acceptable away from the balloon launch zones.
only authorized staff vehicles are allowed on the event field including golf carts not used by jubilee officials.
you must move your items if requested by a pilot or crew.

keep clear and do not walk over any tether lines or tie-offs. 

do not touch or walk over the balloons while on the field.
tethered rides require a signed waiver of lability. children 19 and under must be accompanied by a parent or guardian.
you are allowed to bring food and beverages into the park.
the alabama jubilee is a 'no drone zone'.  you may not operate a drone from the field, over spectators, in any manner that poses risk to person, property, or balloons during the event.







                    parking & handicap facilities                




event parking at point mallard park parking lots and remote lots is free.
handicap parking at all lots is open to all tagged vehicles. 
additional handicap parking is available, with permit, at the entrance to the baseball fields. 
in the event that handicap parking reaches capacity, drop-offs are allowed in the baseball field lot adjacent to the launch field.
an accessible viewing area is provided at the driving range covered tee area. 
shuttled remote parking - there will be shuttle service available from the general electric appliances parking lot outside at 2328 point mallard dw se from 3:00pm - 10:00pm.  there is a bus fee of $5.00 cash per person round-trip. children 3 and under are free.







                    volunteering                



the alabama jubilee is non-profit event organized and operated by volunteers.
if you or your organization are interested in volunteering for general duties during the event, please email us at info@alabamajubilee.net
would you like to crew for a balloon?  many of our pilots come from other states and need crew when they arrive.  it is a fun way to get involved and learn more about the sport of hot air ballooning.  many past crew are now pilots themselves!  for more information about crewing, contact our balloon coordinator, called a balloonmeister, by emailing  balloonmeister@alabamajubilee.net






                    tips                



 


balloons fly early in the morning and late afternoon.  mornings are at 6:00a.m.; afternoon 5 - 8:00p.m.


tethered rides are limited and require a signed waiver of liability.  children under 19 must be accompanied by a parent or guardian.


many pilots will not tether children three and under. the loud burner noise can damage their hearing.


paid flights are not sold during the jubilee.


dress appropriately, wear sunscreen, and stay hydrated.


smoking is not allowed on the launch field.


dogs and other pets are discouraged due to the loud noises and crowds.  if you do bring your pet, don't forget food and water for them. pets must be leashed and bagged after.








sponsors
the alabama jubilee has the best sponsors around and we could never put on a great show year, after, year free to the public without them!  if you would like to become a sponsor please download an application from our contacts page and send it back to us!



event sponsors
















gold sponsors




















silver sponsors




3m corporation
afs foundation & waterproofing specialists 
ascend performance
b & t land clearing llc
cook’s pest control
daiken america
decatur baptist church
decatur family eyecare
decatur morgan hospital



eva bank
first solar, inc.
inline electric
jimmy smith jewelers
peck funeral home
regions bank
remax platinum
renewal by anderson
security associates of al/ms inc.



stovall marks insurance
suburban propane
whataburger
window world of huntsville



bronze sponsors



gobble-fite lumber
hyosung usa inc.
johnston rv
leaf filter north llc
leafguard



regions bank
renasant bank
texas roadhouse
wahl family
whitt's barbecue



field sponsors


wzdx fox 54
wzyp









 























                    copyright 2025.                     built with concrete cms.                

log in 












