


crossword construction kit - crossword creator for windows - home page







































































































quick and easy crossword puzzles


























home
buy now
download
support
features
links

search


















"as an educator, i consider this as the best program for designing crossword programs that i have ever seen - and i've tried them all! keep up
 the great work. this program is worth every cent!"
-h.w., canada















crossword construction kit is a must have tool for educators, students, publishers, corporate trainers and puzzle enthusiasts to quickly produce professional looking puzzles.

  create puzzles for vocabulary, spelling, chapter reviews, foreign language studies, job training, newsletters and much more. use existing puzzle shapes or design new ones to match your subject material or insert supporting graphic images.

try crossword construction kit 5!










        try the 30-day evaluation and see for yourself how much you'll enjoy using the new crossword construction kit 5.
click here to get started. 
        
introductory video.



















unique puzzle designs
        design your own puzzle page layout -- drop, place and size the puzzle, graphics and text components onto the layout. print, save to clipboard or export as an image to
		load into a graphics program.
      




interactive puzzles
        create interactive puzzles to upload to web pages. allow visitors to play and solve the puzzles online. add timers and sounds to enhance the experience.		
      









 



 



 




click an image to print or solve a puzzle
java runtime environment (jre) is required









click image to solve or print this puzzle




easy to use

enter the words and clues.
select a puzzle shape and layout.
press a button to create the puzzle.
choose from the four best fits.
print the puzzle or upload.


bottom line
crossword construction kit is invaluable for busy teachers, corporate trainers and others who need to quickly generate puzzles for their
students, employees, etc. save time, effort and ultimately money with this easy to use crossword creator.














 


screen shots








"absolutely fantastic! the price is amazing as well. sign 
      me up before you realize you're giving it away!"






-earl, north carolina







 









portableversion
take crossword construction kit with you. plug your usb drive into any windows computer and create puzzles.







customer comments
read what customers say about crossword construction kit.







system requirements
windows 11, 10, 8, 7, vista. windows server 2022, 2019, 2016, 2012, 2008, 2003. jre

























press kit | contact us | trademarks | privacy
      copyright © 2024 insight software solutions, inc. all rights reserved. 
       







