







home - vista hospitality




































































 






 







skip to content






vista hospitality
commercial property acquisitions and management

home aboutour history and vision our team our foundation our charitable partners  serviceshotel management resort management marketing services consulting & development financial services receivership services brand relations team creation  portfoliohotels & resorts commercial real estateoffice buildings shopping malls  retirement homes restaurants & dining previously owned  newsnews awards & recognitions  contactcontact career opportunities  



 
home aboutour history and vision our team our foundation our charitable partners  serviceshotel management resort management marketing services consulting & development financial services receivership services brand relations team creation  portfoliohotels & resorts commercial real estateoffice buildings shopping malls  retirement homes restaurants & dining previously owned  newsnews awards & recognitions  contactcontact career opportunities  






















view our properties 
							explore our services 
							

 

 























who we are 



the perfect partner 



the vista group of companies excels in the value-add and opportunistic investment and management of hotels, resorts and other commercial properties in the united states and canada.our forward-thinking and entrepreneurial perspective makes us an ideal property management partner within north america. 






discover vista











 















what makes us different 



our history of excellence 







9 



major markets 







1700+ 



rooms in portfolio 







500k+ 



sqft of office and retail space 







25+ 



years of experience 







we plan and invest for the future and reimagine spaces to achieve new vistas of possibilities. our empowering culture and robust capabilities allow us to work towards purpose-driven profits. 






view our services















 







properties 



our portfolio 



since 1991, the vista group of companies has shared our vision of excellence with countless clients in the hospitality industry. our history of success and continued growth makes us your first choice for hospitality property management. 






view portfolio















our main objective is to ensure profitability and success in our properties 














hotels & resortsour impressive hotel and resort portfolio speaks to our leadership in strategic support services and property management. we ensure the highest levels of guest satisfaction at each of our properties. view propertiesoffice buildingsas experts in commercial real estate with hundreds of thousands of commercial square footage, we are committed to state-of-the-art security, ample parking space, and most importantly, luxurious aaa office space for you as a tenant. view propertiesshopping mallswith hundreds of thousands of retail and commercial square footage in our portfolio, we have been home to famous brands such as swiss chalet, harvey’s, mr. sub, smoke’s poutinerie, dollarama, hart, designer depot, and world gym to name a few.view propertiesretirement homesat vista group of companies, we specialize in creating unique and memorable environments for residents and visitors of our properties. our retirement residences combine a caring and hospitable atmosphere with personalized care for each resident.view propertiesrestaurants & diningwe offer different types of restaurant concepts at our properties. we provide moderately priced entrees in casual to formal settings, and customize each menu to feature a mix of classic cuisines that will elevate your dining experience.view propertiespreviously ownedthe vista group of companies have acquired, managed, and sold numerous types of properties in its history. our track record of success is testimony to vista’s ability to achieve higher levels of profitability and returns on investment.view properties 

 previous slide


 next slide















proud partners of the following brands 








 









 









 









 









 









 













 









 









 









 









 









 













 









 









 









 









 









 









 









 













 









 









 









 



























 






contact us












 












the vista group of companies is an experienced private owner/operator of hotels, resorts and other commercial properties in both the united states and canada. 







canada 



105 king street eastkitchener, on n2g 2k8519-744-4400 







usa 



2-8 hawley streetbinghamton, ny 13901607-722-4469 







explore vista 



portfolioservicescontact 















© 2025 the vista group of companies. all rights reserved. website accessibility. 







website design & development by cryodragon inc. 












go to top





































skip to content



open toolbar

accessibility tools
 




accessibility tools



increase textincrease text 



decrease textdecrease text 



grayscalegrayscale 



high contrasthigh contrast 



negative contrastnegative contrast 



light backgroundlight background 



links underlinelinks underline 



reset
reset












































