










home - auburn hills chamber of commerce




















































 




















skip to content































 
member loginjoin


























menu 
about us our vision contact us follow us on social media board of directors staff ambassadorsmembers join why join ahcc trustee membership member login member portal how to member directory committeesbusiness services member to member resources news jobs certificates of origin grand openings & ribbon cuttings employee welcome packets advertising packagescommunity about auburn hills visit auburn hills non-profitsevents calendar online learning library event photos sponsorship








 















 
 


 
 


 
 


 
 


 
 









































welcome to the auburn hills chamber!






choose a faster, more direct route to get to the people, businesses and opportunities that can make all the difference for you and your company.
the auburn hills chamber of commerce can help open the right doors at every stage of your career and business life cycle.

















					join				








					directory				








					member to member				








					news				








					events				



















chamber trustees







































upcoming events










view all events

































learn more
















 
why join our chamber? 
learn what sets the auburn hills chamber of commerce apart from others and how we accomplish our mission through core.
learn more 



















 
trustee membership 
looking for maximum exposure? consider maximum membership with a trustee package.
learn more 










new members










































auburn hills chamber of commerce








 












© 2025 auburn hills chamber of commerce
 | 
site by growthzone












uniting organizational leaders in driving a world-class business community.





























auburn hills chamber of commerce













3395a auburn road, auburn hills, mi 48326p.o. box 214083 auburn hills, mi 48321 














248.853.7862 














info@auburnhillschamber.com 















































© 2020 auburn hills chamber of commerce. all rights reserved. site by growthzone.









 

















