






aaa pressure washers and supplies | the pressure washer, jetter and steamer experts





































home
repairs
products
resources
 





select page


  
 



 



 














custom jetter 12gpm @ 3000 psiwhether it is parts, accessories, power washers or jetters, or a fleet of equipment, count on us
financing options available with montly payments as low as $649









custom trailer buildswe can build it to meet your needs
financing options available









optima steamer sales and serviceelectric or diesel fired – the optima steamer is the #1 steam cleaner in the world
financing options available








optima xdthe optima steamer™ xd is an improved version of the original dmf. double-sized tanks, lcd display, and added safety features make the xd the most user-friendly model yet.
financing options available









hannay reels is the leading manufacturer of durable hose and cable reels for both oem and aftermarket applications, offering thousands of standard models along with a wide range of custom design capabilities. 
authorized distributor














custom jetter 12gpm @ 3000 psiwhether it is parts, accessories, power washers or jetters, or a fleet of equipment, count on us









custom trailer buildswe can build it to meet your needs









optima steamer sales and serviceelectric or diesel fired – the optima steamer is the #1 steam cleaner in the world








optima xdthe optima steamer™ xd is an improved version of the original dmf. double-sized tanks, lcd display, and added safety features make the xd the most user-friendly model yet.









hannay reels is the leading manufacturer of durable hose and cable reels for both oem and aftermarket applications, offering thousands of standard models along with a wide range of custom design capabilities. 
authorized distributor










questions?



call us: 480.539.1122










products
we carry a full line of hot and cold water pressure washers, custom jetters, steam cleaners, and some heavy duty degreasers.
we can typically find the match for your specific need



pressure washers
pressure washers, allow you to clean surfaces using water and high pressure. choosing the right pressure washer comes down to the type of jobs you will be tackling and the surface of what you’ll be cleaning.

jetters
sewer jetters, also known as “hydro-jetters” or “water jetters” are powerful drain cleaning machines that use high-pressure water jets to clear obstructions in residential and commercial drain pipes as well as larger municipal sewer systems.

steam cleaners
steam cleaning allows the cleaning and sanitizing of almost any surface. from mobile car wash, or equipment and commercial cleaning, to beverage and food service sanitization, steamers can help your business run smarter and grow faster.

parts & supplies
we stock many of the more commonly used items to try and keep you on the job, and if the part you need is not on our shelf we can typically get it here within 2 days as long as it is available. 
the availability of higher end parts or items that do not wear as often can be ordered for just about any pressure washer- if we don’t have it we can get it
check out the catalog!

misting systems & pumps
we can make your summer more bearable with a custom misting system install.
call and ask for don for more information!
 

learn more






service and repairs
we repair all brands of pressure washers. we’ve seen it all but call to check on availability!



estimates
we provide estimates for repairs for all pressure washers for $69.00 – $129 homeowner pressure washers inspection fee must be paid when dropping it off.

pump repairs
we can rebuild all major pumps as long as the head is not damaged – cat, giant, general, ar, comet. 

engine repairs
we do some minor engine repairs, if the engine is in need of major repair an estimate will be provided for customer to choose appropriate options to follow.

service-oil changes/tune up
we provide engine and pump oil changes for pressure washers and jetters, diesel and gas engines.  prices vary based on time; quantity of oil needed, and filters required.

learn more






custom & refurb equipment
we can take your old pressure washer and give it a make-over or a complete overhaul – quotes for all work available, we can custom build trailers, and jetters to meet your needs.  come see us, we are more than happy to help with whatever your pressure washing needs are.



jetter trailer mach12
the mach 12 jetter is a custom built jetter for the serious plumbing professional in mind, our top techs worked with a couple of major jetter techs to design a very nice, maintenance friendly, operator friendly jetter.  come by and take a look!

special budget designed trailers
you want a trailer built to your specs and plans come see us we can make your vision a reality, within the limits of dot regulations of course.

custom built trailers 
we have our own custom wash trailer set up on the floor for you to view.  it has two axles to help with that heavy water tank transportation, custom ordered heavy duty chassis and frame, 325 gal water tank, mi-t-m hot water skid unit, and all the components you need to get the job done.

refurbished units for sale
on occasion we get pressure washers and surface cleaners in that the customer would like us to repair and sell; we will post them to web site when available or call us to see what we might have.

learn more








our partners































about us

aaa pressure washers & supplies has been serving the valley for over 17 years
aaa pressure washers and supplies is the dba of aaladin of arizona, a pressure washer repair company founded in 2003 by don labarge.  this company was started to take care of maintenance for r&g vent, a company which was previously owned by don.  as the company grew it expanded operations by buying aaa pressure washing & supplies.  now with 17 years in business and seasoned mechanics having over 60 years combined experience in troubleshooting, repairs, and fabrication, we can meet even the most unique service needs





our office1130 w birchwood ave, mesa, az 
view map



hours of operationm-f 7:30 am-4:30 pm; closed sat & sun
480.539.1122



email usget a free quote
send message









name


address


email address


phone


message




send your request













 








copyright © 2021 aaapws 














