

































































bristol herald courier | breaking news | read bristol, va and virginia breaking news. get latest news, events and information on virginia sports, weather, entertainment and lifestyles





















skip to main contentskip to main content










        we are currently undergoing maintenance on some services, which may temporarily affect access to subscription accounts and the e-edition. we apologize for any inconvenience and appreciate your patience as we work to resolve the issues.
    

















46°











 log in
                                    
subscribe






guest


logout

read today's e-edition





























news


local



virginia video network



crime



state & regional



education



politics



business



nation & world



news tip



virginia video network




obituaries


share a story



recent obituaries



find an obituary




opinion


submit a letter



letters



editorials



columnists




sports


high school



college



professional



betting



other




lifestyles


event calendar



arts & theatre



food & cooking



movies & tv



music



contests



comics



puzzles



play



home & garden



health



get healthy



parenting



fashion



people



pets



travel



faith




join the community


news tip



share video



send a story



share a photo



brand ave. studios




print edition


e-edition



special sections



bristol herald courier | bristol news |



bristol herald courier archives




buy & sell


place an ad



jobs



cars



marketplace



public notices



shop local



deals




shopping


curated commerce




customer service


manage subscription



activate digital subscription



newsletter sign-up



subscribe



contact



bristol herald courier store



help center



gift subscriptions


mobile apps


weather: live radar


public notices






facebook





twitter








© 2025 lee enterprises
terms of service | privacy policy






















































































subscribe
read today's e-edition




























                                        subscribe
                                    




























                                                    log in
                                                








welcome, guest

my account
 dashboard
 profile
 saved items

 logout







e-edition

news

obituaries

opinion

sports 

puzzles

lifestyles

public notices

jobs









46°
cloudy
























        
        
            nba: mac mcclung (gate city) goes for nba dunk three-peat tonight

about a year ago at this time, mac mcclung thought his dunk contest days were done. he’d been in the contest at the nba’s all-star weekend twice, won it both times with plenty of flair and figured there was nothing else to prove. then a week later, he found himself practicing new dunks. and …

















        
        
            jury gives boswell life sentences on murder charges

boswell, 23, was found guilty on three murder charges, including premeditated first-degree murder, first-degree murder in perpetration of aggravated child abuse and first-degree murder in perpetration of aggravated child neglect.

















        
        
            megan boswell case: a detailed timeline

the case concluded thursday with a sullivan county jury finding evelyn's mother megan boswell guilty on all counts and sentencing her to life in prison.

















        
        
            virginia responders prepare for weekend flooding threat

the national weather service office in morristown, tennessee, has issued a flood watch from friday night through sunday morning for wise county, including appalachia, big stone gap, coeburn and norton.

















        
        
            valentine's day rush for roses always a busy time for florists

valentine's day is always one of the biggest holidays of the year for florists.

















        
        
            county leaders, residents express concerns over solar regulations

this proposed ordinance now goes back for a rewrite by a county planning commission committee following a joint meeting on tuesday between the washington county board of supervisors and the washington county planning commission.

















        
        
            nascar: after an apparent win at daytona, abingdon truck series team faces heartbreak

nascar officials ruled that his no. 75 henderson chevrolet was too low in the rear on both sides










            curated commerce
        
6 cbd oils to try for relaxation





                
                the latest










        
        
            update: flood warning affecting southwest virginia until 3 a.m. sunday

on saturday at 9:55 p.m. an updated flood warning was issued by the national weather service in effect until sunday at 3:30 a.m. the warning is for bristol area and norton as well as lee, russell, scott, washington and wise counties. 




















        
        
            update: flash flood warning for bristol area and washington county saturday night

on saturday at 8:42 p.m. the national weather service issued an updated flash flood warning in effect until 10:45 p.m. for bristol area and washington county. 












        
        
            appalachian estimates it will be friday night before most power is restored

the company estimates it will be late friday before electric service is restored to most impacted areas.












sponsored








        
        
            powerhouse partnership: big auto injury attorneys, the popok firm and ‘legal af’ podcast by meidastouch network unite for justice

content by big auto injury attorneys. learn more about meidastouch network’s “legal af” podcast's new partnership with big auto injury attorneys and the popok law firm.












                
                interact with us


















        
        
            2025 bristol readers' choice



















        
        
            2025 bristol readers' choice



















        
        
            download our mobile app for a customized experience!

download it today! 




















        
        
            get the most important news in your inbox as it happens. sign up for breaking news:

get it delivered to your inbox! 





















                
                latest video




















        
        
            germany's scholz rebukes vance, defends europe's stance on hate speech and far right




















        
        
            graham boys @ virginia high 2




















        
        
            graham boys @ virginia high 3




















        
        
            graham boys @ virginia high 4












                
                sports
                
                    


















        
        
            friday's college roundup: locals lead uva-wise, king to softball wins; ex-john battle teammates face off in juco baseball game; di teams play at uva-wise

the softball team at the university of virginia’s college at wise posted two victories on friday and the winning pitcher in each game was from far southwest virginia. 




















        
        
            friday's high school roundup: twin springs vs. eastside today in cumberland district boys playoff; eli bright (west ridge), zeshawn thomas (george wythe), hamilton osborne (rye cove) among many other stars. plus region 1d, 2d standings

the twin springs titans gave their loyal fans – known as the big red army – something to cheer about and also set up a major boys basketball battle. 




















        
        
            thursday's high school roundup: george wythe boys, girls are med champs; patrick henry boys (20-3), honaker girls (22-1) win again; plus much, much more

ten different players scored for george wythe as the maroons got a team effort in a 68-56 win over archrival fort chiswell on thursday night that clinched the mountain empire district regular-season boys basketball title. 




















        
        
            thursday's college roundup: king men's hoops team wins sixth straight; ut lady vols win; taylor clay (eastside) hitting .538 for uva-wise softball team

jordan akal scored 29 points as king university pushed its winning streak to six games with a 99-84 conference carolinas men’s basketball win over shorter. 













                
                listen now podcasts




















        
        
            tariffs rattle small businesses, an atmospheric river and religion news | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            drone damages chernobyl nuclear plant; egg prices hit record high | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            hamas to release 3 israeli hostages; musk talks deleting agencies | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            how can you reclaim focus in a digital world? | the ethical life podcast

🎧 explore ways to sharpen your attention, stay present and build better habits for a more mindful, productive life.














                
                life & entertainment
                
                    


















        
        
            movie review: 'heart eyes' tries for laughs but ...

franchise first, concept second. that’s the thinking behind “heart eyes.”




















        
        
            goodyear blimp at 100: from ronald reagan to ice cube, 'floating piece of americana' still thriving

at 100 years old, the goodyear blimp is an ageless star in the sky. 




















        
        
            'elsbeth' becomes a family affair for carrie preston

carrie preston didn’t think her husband, actor michael emerson, was interested in her series, “elsbeth.” now he has a recurring role on the cbs whodunit.

















                
                local events
                
            









 your browser settings are preventing events from loading. more info






×
 update settings to continue…


please try the following steps to enable.


open firefox settings → privacy & security → website privacy preferences
make sure "tell websites not to sell or share my data" is not checked.
make sure "send websites a do not track request" is not checked.




open chrome settings → privacy & security → third-party cookies
under advanced, make sure "do not track " is disabled.




open edge settings → privacy, search, and services
under privacy, make sure "send do not track" requests is not enabled
open cookies and site permissions → manage and delete cookies and site data
make sure "block third-party cookies" is not enabled




open your browser settings and make sure "do not track " is disabled.




                                open your cookie preferences.
make sure "targeted advertising" is toggled on.make sure "do not sell or share my personal information" is toggled off.click save











                
                partner
                
            









sponsored








        
        
            powerhouse partnership: big auto injury attorneys, the popok firm and ‘legal af’ podcast by meidastouch network unite for justice

content by big auto injury attorneys. learn more about meidastouch network’s “legal af” podcast's new partnership with big auto injury attorneys and the popok law firm.












contributor








        
        
            from young to old, a good pair of eyeglasses can improve your prospects

contributor content. a proper pair of prescription lenses can prove useful for all ages. now that prescription eyeglasses can be purchased online at a broad range of prices, everyone can enjoy the better wellness and prosperity offered by better vision and look good doing it, too.












contributor








        
        
            celebrate national clean your desk day with these work-life must-haves

contributor content. in honor of national clean your desk day, this article highlights some of the must-have products and services for balancing work and life. these work-life essentials are designed to boost energy, enhance communication, and reduce stress.












contributor








        
        
            common tactics used by scam binary brokers: what every trader should know

contributor content. not all internet brokers conduct themselves honorably. some use dishonest tactics to take advantage of unwary traders. making wise selections and safeguarding your finances depend on your ability to comprehend these strategies.
















                
                curated commerce
                
                    


















        
        
            6 cbd oils to try for relaxation

affiliate content. find the right cbd oils to fit your wellness routine. 




















        
        
            best greens powders for 2025: a nutritionist’s top 5

affiliate. we asked a nutritionist to share their top 5 greens powder picks to boost your daily nutrient intake and support overall health.




















        
        
            auto insurance rates set to rise in 2025: how to save on premiums

affiliate content. learn practical ways to reduce your auto insurance premiums in 2025. 




















        
        
            ozempic vs. semaglutide: 10 weight loss medications compared for 2025

affiliate. compare 10 weight loss medications to find the right one for you. 


























                
                extras
                
                    

















        
        
            2025 bristol readers' choice

















        
        
            2023 salute to nurses

















        
        
            may 2023 tricities living

















        
        
            march 2023 tricities living






view all








                
                local businesses
                
                    



















        
        
            r & m heating and cooling, inc



                                        141 dabney drive, marion, va 24354
                                    






















        
        
            max kendall lumber co.



                                        8261 mountain valley rd, axton, va 24054
                                    






















        
        
            booher



                                        unknown, bristol, tn 37620
                                    
















                
                print ads
                
            






















ads





        
        
            counts auction co
























ads





        
        
            johnson city eye clinic
























ads





        
        
            anderson auctioneers llc
























ads





        
        
            bristol herald courier







































×
















facebook





twitter









sites & partners


swva today

place an ad

become a carrier

join our team

newsletter signup

public notices

get healthy




services


manage subscription

contact us

advertise

licensing

dealer returns

shopping






                        © copyright 2025
                        bristol herald courier - tricities, po box 609 bristol, va 24203
                    

terms of use
|
privacy policy
|
advertising terms of use
|
do not sell my info
|
cookie preferences




                        powered by blox content management system from bloxdigital.com.
                    












notifications
settings






you don't have any notifications.



get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.

topics

breaking news

subscribe






news alerts

subscribe

























