

home | gloucester county public schools















































































skip to contentclick for employment opportunities!frontlinestaff emaillet's talksearch sitegloucester county public schoolsconnect. engage. inspire.click for employment opportunities!frontlinestaff emaillet's talksearch sitemenuschoolstranslatemenuschoolstranslateskip galleryclick here to view the faq.end of gallerylet's talk2024-25 calendarstudent registrationcode of conducteducational foundationschool cash onlinehelp desk request for employeestech resources for familiesspotlightprevious spotlight itemwe were honored to have lily bland, a third grader from botetourt elementary, lead us in the pledge of allegiance at the january 14, 2025 school board meeting.at the january 14, 2025 school board meeting, we celebrated the achievements of our phenomenal senior of the month, bailey wilson.at the january 14, 2025 school board meeting, we celebrated the achievements of our phenomenal senior of the month, addison boughan.at the january 14, 2025 school board meeting, we celebrated the achievements of our phenomenal senior of the month, brandon wood, jr.second-grader, dalton chadwick from petsworth elementary school led attendees in the pledge of allegiance at the november 12th school board meeting.at the november 2024 school board meeting, mariah linkous was celebrated as one of our seniors of the month. mariah is a dedicated student who excels academically, assists in the front office, and holds a job. we are incredibly proud of her achievements.we also recognized cody keck, a hardworking senior who holds a job and will graduate early. his commitment to our community is inspiring.hannah broadwell was commended for her life-saving quick response in identifying the signs of a stroke. her actions may have saved a life. mr. keith nuttall, our community volunteer of the month, was honored for his continued dedication to petsworth elementary. since retiring, mr. nuttall has returned to volunteer, bringing his warm demeanor and genuine care to the students and staff.peasley middle school student aysha williams leading the pledge of allegiance at the october 2024 school board meeting. fifth grade honor roll student, delaney layton, from bethel elementary, led the pledge of allegiance to start off the april 9th, 2024 school board meeting.savanah gross, a student from achilles elementary, led the pledge of allegiance at the march, 2024 school board meeting.knox oberndorf, a third grade student at abingdon elementary, lead off the meeting with the pledge of allegiance.march's senior of the month, casey bowen was recognized at the school board meeting for academic excellence and outstanding character.avery watkins, february's senior of the month was recognized for her commitment to excellence at march's school board meeting.the volunteer of the month award was presented to cara fuscia form achilles elementary, recognizing her contributions to the school community at march's school board meeting.petsworth second grader riley field was our pledge leader at the october 11, 2023, school board meeting. kate hunter, a third grader at botetourt elementary was our pledge leader at the january 10, 2024, school board meeting.riley daniel, a 4th-grade student at abingdon elementary school, lead us in the pledge of allegiance with confidence and pride. you're a shining example of leadership in our school community!lily armstrong, a 4th grade student at abingdon elementary lead everyone with the pledge of allegiance at the september 2024 school board meeting.haylee hartleben was recognized as the senior of the month at the september 2024 school board meeting.abingdon recognized shelley armstrong as the volunteer of the month at the september 2024 school board meetingnext spotlight itemfind usgloucester county public schools6099 t.c. walker roadgloucester, va 23061phone: 804-693-5300dr. anthony vladu, superintendentstay connectedcopyright © 2025 gloucester county public schools. all rights reserved.powered by apptegy visit us to learn more

