




boston tea party swings – let the revolution begin!





















































skip to content











homeabout

event support staff policies history
hotel 




event info

schedules

event schedule intensives workshops dj schedule 
 staff

invitational staff west coast swing lindy hop & balboa djs emcees 
 compete

general rules competitions j&j results videos 

register

passes, comps shirts & apparel
connect






menu
close





home
about

event support staff
policies
history


hotel
event info

schedules

event schedule
intensives
workshops
dj schedule


staff

invitational staff
west coast swing
lindy hop & balboa
djs
emcees


compete

general rules
competitions j&j
results
videos




register

passes, comps
shirts & apparel


connect






















 






 






 


















join the revolution 



celebrating 25 years! 



march 20-23, 2025 
















register now!















book your room















event schedule





















 
















celebrate with us 



we invite you to join us as we celebrate 25 years of the boston tea party!the boston tea party (btp) is the only remaining crossover swing event in the u.s. we feature competitions and workshops in lindy, balboa, west coast swing (wsdc), and blues. this year we will also offer workshops in carolina shag. 













event highlights 



free thursday and sunday night dances with a weekend pass!signature wcs/lindy invitational crossovermasters division: j&j and strictlymini privates with teaching staffbeginner program: meet & greet with dedicated workshop trackamateur crossover and our signature take the lead (switch it up) comps back by popular demand!tons of workshops to choose from in four styles of swing (details on the schedule)! 













come swing with us 













the spirit of competition!crossover? we have it!of course, we still have our signature invitational crossover, but now we have one for everyone else as well! we offer j&j and strictly competitions in lindy hop, balboa, and west coast swing (wsdc sanctioned). 



the soul of partner dancing!social dancing all day and all night long! (and shoe vendors to refresh your soles!) 













 











 







 


























				copyright @ 2025 - boston tea party | website design: ruby lairprivacy  |  cookies  |  terms  |  code of conduct
photos: nadege lebert			






































