











florida trend - florida's business authority




















































 






facebook
twitter 
youtube 
linkedin








news
health care
education
real estate
florida 500
movers & influencers
legal elite
business beat
exclusives











subscribe
news alerts
 
news
health care
education
real estate
florida 500
movers & influencers
legal elite
business beat
sponsored reports
news releases
 
business florida
florida small business
florida next
 

350 biggest companies
best companies
nonprofit
regional portraits
leadership insights
higher education

 
media kit
subscribe
news alerts





subscribe    






best companies to work for
350 biggest companies
leadership insights
florida higher education
business  florida
regional portraits
nonprofit
florida trend's next
florida small business
sponsored reports

















february 17, 2025














movers & influencers

	personal promotions, transfers, board appointments, civic accomplishments and philanthropic activities for the week of february 10, 2025.







last chance to register: best companies to work for in florida

	last chance! applications close in just 3 days! stand out as one of the best workplaces in florida—your team deserves this recognition. sign up now: https://bestcompaniesfla.com/. deadline: feb. 14, 2025 







florida icon: alzo j. reddick

	meet florida trend's february icon  alzo j. reddick: "when i tell you something, if you’ve got any money to bet, bet that i’m telling you the truth."







viewpoints: mary mayhew, president/ceo, florida hospital association

	mary mayhew, president and ceo of the florida hospital association, details her organization's primary focus, lists some of the association's areas of advocacy and explains how "data-informed decision-making" is crucial to fha's efforts.







agriculture's ‘silicon valley'

	florida's agricultural sector is embracing artificial intelligence to tackle industry challenges and revolutionize farming.







we're going to figure this out

	city and county officials across florida share how they're helping communities adapt to climate change and sea level rise.







the biggest landowner

	taxpayers own more of florida than anyone — and they're hungry for more.







florida small business 2025

	florida small business, published by florida trend, is a comprehensive resource for entrepreneurs starting, growing and expanding their businesses in florida.







biggest landowners: land lords

	what do a church, a power company and a fertilizer have in common? they're among florida's leading private landowners.







viewpoints: aligning resources for the future of southwest florida

	dr. jeff allbritten, president of florida southwestern state college, expands on his institution's role in regional economic development.







florida's top 10 private landowners

	a roundup of the top 10 private landowners in the sunshine state






<
>







florida business news



florida continues to gain million-dollar earners, data shows

the number of seven-figure earners in florida continues to increase at the same time as the metric trends down for most other u.s. states.
is the sunshine state being snubbed? these artists aren’t coming to florida on 2025 tours 
some huge names are hitting the road in 2025 but a significant amount of artists touring this year aren't making any stops in florida while on the road.
citrus growers have mixed feelings about tariffs, retaliation by canada 
while economists heaved a collective sigh of relief at the delay of proposed tariffs, some florida citrus farmers said they actually would have benefited from the tariffs.
 drought conditions spreading across florida. will fire danger follow? 
recent rains, not to mention a tornado, in florida haven't changed the fact that several counties are experiencing drought conditions, especially in south florida. 
eligible taxpayers in florida file for free with irs direct file 
the internal revenue service reminds taxpayers in florida they can file their taxes for free with the agency using irs direct file. the web-based service offers guided help for preparing and filing a federal tax return from a smartphone, tablet or computer.
read more florida business stories



who said that?

holding the line does not mean do nothing. it actually takes a lot of work to hold the line.








florida has the worst passing rate on national nursing exam in the country, but it's improving



nih funding cap threatens medical research at florida universities





desantis wants to eliminate florida property taxes. could he pull it off?



sunshine state officials embrace sustainability













for subscribers
read the february issue »
access an issue 





florida trend magazine
· last month's issue
· subscribe now!
· buy a single issue
· get digital access







florida news releases
florida trend video pick



sunshine state officials embrace sustainability




panel pauses population estimation updates; small-business owners struggle to fill vacancies; florida federal workers face uncertainty; state lawmakers protect park land; adapting to climate change and sea level rise.
video picks | 
     viewpoints@floridatrend


ballot box


how do you rate the importance of childhood vaccinations?




 extremely important
 very important
 somewhat important
 not very important
 not important at all


vote








see results











about us
contact us
site map
circulation services



advertise
terms & conditions
	privacy policy

florida trend media company801 third street southst petersburg, fl 33701727.821.5800










free news alertsstay on top of florida business by signing up for any of our free enewsletters. they are easy to read on any device, and always filled with timely news, insights and analysis.



subscribe and get a free gift!now you can read florida trend anytime and anywhere.  subscribe today for the format that suits your lifestyle best: print, digital or all access!



© copyright 2025 trend magazines inc. all rights reserved.









