




 home | tim reynish













welcome to timreynish.com


home
biography
news archive
repertoire
conducting
recordings
conferences
reference




composers
repertoire by country
concertos
commissions
chamber music
programme notes
categories
premieres
programming




conducting articles
sherborne summer school
interpreting specific works
interviews




library
book reviews
links




cds
audio files
videos




 

welcome to 

welcome to my homepage may 1st 2024



  stop press – news from munich  -  bands meet symphony orchestra











  
  
  

  
  


    july 7th in munich


    sir simon rattle conducts bayerische rundfunk and local bands.
    percy aldridge grainger/lincolnshire posy
    lorenz dangel/“phon”
    commissioned by the symphonieorchester des bayerischen rundfunk,
    world premiere


    hector berlioz/“grande symphonie funèbre et triomphale”, op. 15


    timo dellweg/“kaiserin sissi”


    martin scharnagl/“euphoria”


    july 7th sees the culmination of sir simon rattle’s huge project in which he
    and colleagues in munich auditioned over 120 local bands, four of which will
    play alongside the symphoniorchester bayerischen rundfunk, wind brass and
    strings in the berlioz symphonie funebre et triomphale and their newly
    commissioned work phon.

  
        please click for full interview with simon
    



    a belated happy new year to everyone; it was so great to meet so many
    conductors worldwide at the midwest band clinic exhibition with mid-west
    sheet music and the maecenas exhibition. for information on our new maecenas
    publications, follow this link on your browser

  
        https://maecenasmusic.co.uk/latest-news.html
    


    all scores and parts available in usa and elsewhere at
    



        https://www.midwestsheetmusic.com/page/our-store/
    



    highlights in the maecenas catalogue for me are



    adam gorb        out of the darkness for wind ensemble


    world premiere  start at 5.45



        https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pqnzkqhvaya
    


    score $44.00    score & parts $160.00


    out of the darkness follows the implications of its title: a progress from
    sombre introspection to something much more hopeful. the years from 2020 to
    2022 were troubling worldwide but hopefully a brighter future can be
    attained in the face of present-day challenges. this is 'serious' gorb,

    gripping, spiritual, a voyage through struggle and challenge demanding an
    ensemble's full technical and expressive skill.


    adam gorb       double concerto for violin, viola, and wind ensemble  
    university of georgia wind ensemble premiere




        https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4ga20y5dx0o&list=pleavpk3st0vlvne0moz-xvncbk-mvjdlh&index=3
    


    the work is in two movements, the first includes an element of comedy, the
    second, slower movement being more tragic. here, bell like sonorities are
    balanced against soaring lyrical passages where the soloists pit themselves
    against the increasing backdrop of the ominously threatening winds. however,
    the mood becomes more joyous reaching an elusive and intricate coda
    mirroring the opening of the work. the double concerto is a moving and
    powerful piece with a strong sense of line and texture and, as always
    demonstrates gorb's strikingly flawless craftsmanship. please note: the set
    of parts includes the two solo parts.


    score £55       score and parts $170.00


 
  terry greaves   werneth
   
    parts and score $170.00   score $43.00



        https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aqxlkguehku&list=pl-u_5aypcka4hwlwol6v0r9wrkwbiazae
    


    1. miniature march – 4:20 
    2. sad and sentimental waltz – 3:50 
    3. skittish scherzo – 2:20 
    4. elegy – 2:30 
    5. rondo from rio – 3:50



    over fifty years ago i joined the city of birmingham symphony orchestra and
    i used occasionally to play with the bbc midland light orchestra. this was
    in the heyday of british light music  with composers like
    
        ronald binge
    
    , eric coates,
    
        frederic curzon
    
    , robert farnon,
    ron goodwin,
    
        albert ketèlby
    
    , billy mayerl,
    
        angela morley
    
    , sidney torch,
    gilbert vinter,
    
        haydn wood
    
    and the doyen of them all, ernest tomlinson whose 100th birthday it is this
    year. brilliantly catching the spirit of that by-gone age is terry greaves
    in werneth, a suite of five dances ideal for a community band or a light
    programme in school or university, three of them actually written for the
    bbc mlo.



    peter racine fricker      sinfonia in memoriam benjamin britten for 17 wind
    and brass instruments



        https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ph7n6rx_rz8
    


    3 flutes, 2 oboes, cor anglais, 2 clarinets, 2 bassoons, 2 horns, 2
    trumpets, 3 trombones


    written shortly after britten’s death in 1976, this is a work of the
    greatest importance, not only to wind players. one of the most enthalling,
    moving and eloquent scores by this major composer, now available in a
    carefully prepared edition. features an important part for first oboe!


    parts $125            score $43.00


    two major romantic works arranged for wind ensemble



    johannes brahms
    
        serenade in a
    
    for woodwind choir


    score and parts $120.00   score $42.00


    arranged derek smith  3 flutes (3rd doubling piccolo), 2 oboes, 3 clarinets
    in a and bb, 2 bassoons, contra bassoon, alto saxophone, 2 tenor saxophones
    and baritone saxophone.


    johannes brahms serenade in a, originally for orchestra with no violins,
    arranged by derek smith (after op.16) for woodwind and saxophones. for
    brahms the serenade was a light-hearted response to the serenades of mozart
    and haydn. he imagined them as loose-limbed entertainment rather than
    titanic struggles with symphonic form. derek smith’s arrangement of the
    second serenade stays faithful to the original brahms woodwind writing
    whilst representing the rich dark sonorities of the strings and horns with
    an extra clarinet and quartet of saxophones. there are five varied movements
    each of which may be played separately.


    full orchestra score performance here:



        https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bknigk6uszm
    



    gustav mahler/adam gorb         rondo burleske


    score and parts $200.00 score $65.00


    the rondo burleske appears as the second scherzo of the ninth symphony. in
    character it is at first sprightly then suddenly hysterical and finally
    demonic. the 'burlesque' element reflects the reality and grotesqueness of
    the city culture surely referencing the extremes of mahler's own artistic
    experience in vienna. in this transcription gorb faithfully represents the
    exhilarating character and textures of mahler's writing lending his own
    imaginative flair for colour to the orchestration and in doing so
    triumphantly bringing mahler's artistic achievement to the wind orchestra
    repertory.


    full orchestra performance here:



        https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=izcbjs5xfdu
    




    two new cd releases from mark morette


    featuring maecenas works by greaves, fricker and gorb



    volume 13




    alarcón: cello concerto


    andrew reynish - cleveland symphonic winds



    ito: as time is passing on


    singapore philharmonic winds



    chen qian: ambush! from all sides


    grand symphonic winds


    greaves: werneth





    volume 14 released on march 15th



        https://www.prestomusic.com/classicaproducts/9592825--timothy-reynish-international-repertoire-series-volume-14
    


    theofanidis, christopher: the here and now
    


    university of kentucky wind symphony, chorale and lexington singers


    holloway, robin: entrance - carousing – embarcation


    rncm wind orchestra


    fricker, peter racine: sinfonia for 17 wind op 76:


    cleveland winds


    gorb, adam: out of the darkness


    boston conservatory wind ensemble


    making it better


    to access a digital copy of my book making it better, enter the link below
    on your browser.


    making it better 
    creating a wind repertoire in the uk - a personal reflection on over 40
    years of


    commissioning, performing, recording & publishing 
    by tim reynish



        https://musicwebinternational.com/2023/05/making-it-better/?fbclid=iwar2rb2veijyekasnaijnedknuuc1yrahh8zknjsjsqahdv76v3wkf20ddvs
    




    european repertoire







    sami ruusuvuon writes:


    i have collected a list of significant european symphonic wind band music
    works from the 20th century to the present day. my source of information has
    been wind music professionals from various countries, conductors, sheet
    music publishers, recordings and literature. my aim was not to list the
    thousands of european wind band compositions but to choose the most
    representative, interesting compositions from different countries that would
    spur interest. my criteria specified that the work was composed between the
    early 20th century and the present day, was published and is available
    online. my ambition is to keep completing the catalogue, so i would be happy
    to receive suggestions by email at
    
        sami.ruusuvuori@gmail.com
    




        https://en.samiruusuvuori.com/teosluettelo-1
    







wasbe
 visit the world association for symphonic bands and ensembles website


 


©tim reynish 2012-2024
contact tim reynish







