






havasu regional medical center


































skip to site content







                928.855.8185	
              



                about us              



                contact us              



                patient portal              



                bill pay              



                careers              



                schedule appointment now              


















                  find a doctor                  



                    services 


breast healthcancercardiologycardiac and pulmonary rehabilitationcardiopulmonary servicesdiabetes careemergency roomdigestive healthimaginglabor and deliverylaboratory servicesorthopedic center of excellencephysical therapy & outpatient rehabsleep clinictraumasurgeryurologywound care 



                    patients & visitors 


visiting hours & policycafeteria & gift shopchaplain serviceschaplain educationadvanced directives and living willscaringbridgeinformation, classes, and eventsdaisy awardhow to obtain your medical recordsinfection preventionlocationsnon-discrimination noticenotice of privacy practicespatient guidepatient portalpatient rights & responsibilitiespay my billphysician ownedsponsorship requestthird party applicationsunderstanding your healthcare costs 



                  get care now                  



                    information, classes, and events 


courses for healthcare professionals 














search























diagnostic scheduling: pre-registration for radiology and surgery
call 928.302.5000 












advanced care for what'sclose to your heart. 

learn more










welcome to havasu regional medical center
havasu regional medical center is a patient-centered community hospital with the resources and the technology to serve as a regional healthcare provider. it's a compassionate place that combines the best in local hometown care with the latest in world-class medical technology. havasu regional medical center is a the joint commission-accredited, medicare-certified 171-bed hospital located in lake havasu city, arizona.
get care now
learn more about us















expanding heart care across western arizona


advanced care. local heart. 
from prevention to chest pain to diagnostics, our advanced cardiac services at havasu heart & vascular center use today's technology to keep you healthy, with the same care and compassion you've trusted for generations. now with a new name.

learn more: havasu heart & vascular center









havasu regional medical center skilled nursing facility public closing notice


effective december 9, 2024, the havasu regional medical center skilled nursing facility, which is located at 1811 e. mesquite avenue, lake havasu city, arizona 86403, will cease operations. the decision to close the skilled nursing facility was a difficult one and was made after careful consideration due to the age and condition of the skilled nursing facility and growing availability of long-term care beds in the lake havasu city area. this decision was especially difficult given our team of dedicated employees and our highly reputable program and services. however, this change will allow havasu regional medical center to invest more resources in core hospital programs that our community needs.
click the link below for more information. 
  
havasu regional medical center skilled nursing facility public closing notice



community health needs assessment for mohave county


click the link below to view the mohave county community needs assessment.
 
  
mohave county community needs assessment



havasu regional medical center introduces electrophysiology services


lake havasu city, az (december 4, 2024) - havasu regional medical center (hrmc) is proud to announce the launch of its electrophysiology (ep) program, marking a significant advancement in cardiac care for the region. as the only hospital in the mohave county to offer this specialized service, hrmc is committed to providing high-quality, cardiac care close to home for patients and their families.
click the link below to read more.  
havasu regional medical center introduces electrophysiology services





find a doctor



doctor's name, condition or procedure


search




chat with us
our chat assistant can help direct you towards finding a provider or scheduling an appointment.
schedule now











101 civic center lanelake havasu city, az 86403


privacy policy





about us
find a doctor
services
patients & visitors
get care now
information, classes, and events
price transparency



















                            we use cookies to make our site work, including measuring elements related to the site's performance as intended. by using our site you agree that information about you and your visit may be collected and/or sent to third parties for these purposes. we do not sell or share your information, nor do we use analytics, advertisement, or other non-necessary cookies. for more information about our online privacy practices, please visit our online privacy policy.
                            






















