


 





kentucky oaks | derby week events | events | derby week events









































   
racing

races

derby & oaks preps how it works 
 leaderboards

derby horses oaks horses 
 news

derby news oaks news 

wager

expert picks future wager triple crown twinspires
experiences

about kentucky derby

derby & oaks history derby & oaks winners 
 come to the derby

derby week events special events event faqs 
 visiting information

what to expect what to wear travel information event information 
 derby at home

watch & follow betting at home recipes 

storetickets

derby week events

2025 kentucky derby and oaks sign up 2025 derby week tickets sign up opening night dawn at the downs 502'sday champions day thurby 
 derby seating experiences

featured building projects reserved seating luxury dining premium dining private suites standing room only + general admission derby experience packages 
 ticket information

access my account ticket admission policies ticket exchange ticket faqs churchill downs virtual venue 

first time visitor?search





















kentucky oaks


									america’s premier and most lucrative race for 3-year-old fillies.								





 









home > come to the derby > derby week events > kentucky oaks








longines kentucky oaks
friday, may 2, 2025
the longines kentucky oaks, now celebrating its 151st running, is america’s premier race for 3-year-old fillies. held each year the day before the kentucky derby, the oaks offers a $1.5 million purse and awards the winner the iconic 'lilies for the fillies' garland. as one of the longest-running sporting events in u.s. history, the oaks is steeped in tradition and meaning. oaks day is also a celebration of breast cancer awareness, with fans embracing the 'pink out' tradition by wearing shades of pink to honor this meaningful cause.
event day details
to be announced!

where to watch
view broadcast schedules and get the latest updates on where watch or listen to the kentucky oaks. watch and follow the kentucky oaks
 
event day highlights
to be announced!
kentucky oaks charitable initiative
the kentucky oaks survivors parade is a moving tradition that celebrates breast and ovarian cancer survivors and encourages those still fighting their cancer battle as they march on churchill downs’ historic racetrack prior to the running of the longines kentucky oaks. the 16th survivors parade will be presented on friday, may 2, 2025, and will honor the 150 survivors and fighters who have been selected.
charitable donations
this event could not happen without the help of our charitable sponsors. if you or a loved one would like to make a donation, please visit the norton cancer institute survivors or donate to horses and hope of the kentucky cancer program.

fashion
if you are planning to attend the kentucky oaks, we encourage you to artfully incorporate the color pink into your wardrobe — from hats to handkerchiefs, suits to sundresses, sunglasses to stilettos! the focus on pink both honors the oaks official flower, the stargazer lily, and celebrates churchill downs’ advocacy and fundraising efforts for women’s health issues. consider showcasing your elegant and creative ensembles in the kentucky oaks fashion contest, for an opportunity to win a exciting prize package.

parking information
entry to your specific lot is unique and directions to your lot should be followed closely. these maps and directions can be found here:
view parking maps > 



ticketmasterkentucky oaks 2-day package available now
buy nowpremium salesfor premium tickets, you can give us a call at 502-636-4447 or click on the button below to get connected to one of our team members.
premium concierge 
parking information & faqslearn morederby insiderget the latest kentucky derby news, exclusive offers, party planning tips and more!sign up






things to know



event information faq’s
find some commonly asked questions we receive from our guests prior to attending the kentucky derby.





						learn more					





watch and follow
watch & follow everything kentucky derby on nbc and the peacock app.





						learn more					





what to wear
get the latest fashion trends and tips to prepare for derby week.





						learn more					











your expert guide to louisville
make the most of your visit to churchill downs home of the kentucky derby by exploring louisville kentucky.





						learn more					





churchill downs virtual venue
view various sections to familiarize yourself with historic churchill downs racetrack.





						explore churchill downs					











official kentucky derby collection
shop the latest kentucky derby fashions, collectibles and more!



						shop now					







derby week events
make it an unforgettable experience by joining in the festivities that surround the lead up to the kentucky derby.



						guided experiences					







visiting information
find everything you need to perfect your derby experience from expert guides to the best of what louisville has to offer.



						learn more					

















follow for updates and exclusives
missed something? catch up on past kentucky derby news 











   

   

   

   

   

   

   




   

kentuckyderby.com
700 central ave, louisville, ky, 40208
502.636.4400 



contact us


send us your feedbackadvertising & sponsorship opportunitiesbecome a licenseecoady photographyderby experiencesmedia center 



legal


privacy policyticketing policydata privacyresponsible gamingaccessibilityabout cdiprint friendly 



© 2025 churchill downs incorporated. all rights reserved.
churchill downs, kentucky derby, kentucky oaks, the “twin spires design”, and churchill downs incorporated related trademarks are registered trademarks of churchill downs incorporated. 







 
