








bob marks – vocal coach






























skip to main content
























 


 home
 about bob
 coaching

 online
 workshops
 bob’s book
 info  | tips

 faqs
 sheet music
 selecting songs
 articles
 why bob?
 online warmup

 

 





    
         contact    
    


        socials    
 









        newsletter    



  






 









 





















 home
 about bob
 coaching

 online
 workshops
 bob’s book
 info  | tips

 faqs
 sheet music
 selecting songs
 articles
 why bob?
 online warmup





    
        contact    
    













































thank you for visiting my website! for over three decades, i’ve devoted my professional life to providing support and guidance to singers navigating the challenging show business industry. whether in my new york city studio or online, i help performers from around the world improve their vocal technique, increase audition repertoire, and enhance performance skills. i’ll be happy to answer any questions you might have, or schedule a time to work together. click here to contact me!















 videos



 












        isle of klezbos & stephanie lynne mason    


 












        alicia reyes with nicholas ferroni    


 












        good morning britain interview britney spears conservatorship    


 












        bob promo reel by allen fawcett    


 












        zoom musical theatre audition talk with denise simon    


 












        theatrical artist’s prep q&a    


 



 podcasts




  
bast – be a singing teacher – podcast 





  
taiwan orange singple zoom interview 2022 





  
jen rudin casting director podcast 





  
“the musician toolkit” with david lane 











 book











        who’s talking?    


 












        emery allen     
watch now

 












        alyssa marvin     
watch now

 












        denise simon     
watch now

 
  


now available on amazon in hardcover, paperback, and kindle editions. “bob marks’ 88 keys to successful singing performances” is packed with important information including what you need to know about voice lessons, how the vocal mechanism works, preparing for singing auditions, building your music repertoire, and includes some anecdotes from broadway professionals about memorable auditions they’ve had.




    
        learn more    
    




    
        buy now    
    











 what people say! 



 

                        nancy carson                    
carson-adler agency
“i want to strongly recommend robert marks to instruct your students. i have known him nearly as long as i have been an agent and completely trust him as a vocal coach. not only does he give them appropriate material and coaching to get them the job, but he can also be trusted to keep their voices healthy. when i was writing ‘raising a star,’ he was the only vocal coach that i chose to quote.”
 

                        winona costello                    
brandon, ms
“as we flew home today we were rehashing our week, and believe it or not, all of the students and parents felt that you were top on their list of folks they studied with this week in new york city. thanks for your encouraging words, new music suggestions and your kind way that you have with children and teens. it was such a positive experience for them to work with you. again, many, many thanks for your time spent with each of them. god bless all of your endeavors.”

 

                        seth riggs                    
creator of speech level singing
“every person that bob marks has sent me to study vocal technique has really had their material well prepared and polished. bob has a knack for selecting just the right songs and styles to make his people shine.”

 

                        constantine maroules                    
american idol, broadway
“done all right thanks in part to you, sir! thanks for the love – you rock!”
 

                        martin charnin                    
director/lyricist
“bob marks expertly coaches actors for their singing auditions — my own daughter included!”
 

                        sarah jessica parker                    
 actress
“robert marks gave me self-confidence about performing, and provided me with fresh material to sing, unique to my personality.”
 

                        jeannette lovetri                    
director, the voice workshop
“not only is bob marks knowledgeable and experienced, but i totally trust him to keep my students healthy. he’s the best!”
 

                        robyn kreiser                    
national finalist for american idol
“i hope you remember me! i had seen you a few months ago to prepare a song for the miss new jersey pageant. you picked the song for me and i just wanted to let you know that i won the talent portion of the contest. i didn’t win, but because of you i won talent!”
 

  










 a bit of historical name dropping! laura bell bundy, kerry butler, bridget fonda, sarah michelle gellar, deborah gibson, ariana grande, nikki m. james, ricki lake, constantine maroules, lea michele, sarah jessica parker, natalie portman, christy carlson romano, jamie-lynn sigler, britney spears, ashley tisdale










        subscribe to my newsletter    email (required) *constant contact use. please leave this field blank.


    
        contact    
    




        follow me    


facebook 

twitter 

instagram 

youtube 

wikipedia 



        member    

 


  
                        national association of teachers of singing (nats)                    
 





  
                        american society of compsoers, authors and publishers (ascap)                    
 





 


 
                        ny singing teachers association                    
 
















  
©  bob marks. all rights reserved. 
 





 












 








