



george macdonald and michael phillips linked with george macdonald: father of the inklings






























 
welcome 
          to macdonaldphillips.comsee also george macdonald: father of the inklings @
                            fatheroftheinklings.com




availability 
              and ordering informationfor paypal ordering and updated availability and price lists, see father of the inklings @
                            fatheroftheinklings.com




the 
                        legacy:
                        who is george macdonald?
michael phillips 
                       
                        who is michael phillips?


george 
                        macdonald's writings:
                        a historical 19th century bibliography of his published 
                        works
george 
                        macdonald’s writings:
                        “the new classics”


michael 
                        phillips’ writings: 
                        a 20th and 21st century bibliography of his 
                        published works
leben:

                        the macdonald/phillips magazine


“dear 
                        george macdonald…”: 
                        responses from readers
“dear 
                        michael phillips…”:
 responses from readers


from 
                        the heart of george macdonald: 
                        a selection of quotations
george 
                macdonald’s scotland



george 
              macdonald’s faith in historical perspective
 








important notice
 
we are in the process of building a new sister website with a wider range of articles about george macdonald and by michael phillips, and to facilitate the ordering of books. please visit "george macdonald: father of the inklings" @ fatheroftheinklings.com







many 
                of you have probably come to this website because you are interested 
                in books written by either george macdonald or michael phillips. 
                you want information on how to obtain a certain title, or perhaps 
                several titles, that you have not been able to find. we hope we 
                will be able to help you!
however, 
                you should be forewarned that of the 120 or so titles written 
                by george macdonald and michael phillips, many are out of print 
                and unavailable at any given time. it can be a daunting task to 
                locate the older and more obscure works. additionally, at this 
                time of renewed interest in macdonald, and as michael phillips 
                continues to pen new original works, the books of both authors 
                are coming and going in and out of print on a regular basis. therefore, 
                availability is constantly changing. for updated price and availability lists, see "the bookstore" @ fatheroftheinklings.com
we 
                will do our best to help you obtain what titles we have available.
this 
                website concerns only the works of michael phillips and those 
                macdonald titles that he has been instrumental in bringing into 
                publication. this is not a search service nor a complete listing. 
                there are other publishers now making macdonald books available, 
                as well as additional sources for locating out of print titles.




contact 
                            us...and see the new website fatheroftheinklings.com
you 
                            may email us at:
macdonaldphillips@sbcglobal.net

you 
                            may surface mail us at:
macdonaldphillips
p.o. box 7003
                            eureka, ca. 95502
                            u.s.a.
additional 
                            ordering information is included on the page: availability 
                            and ordering information. you may also order books from "father of the inklings" @ fatheroftheinklings.com




this 
                is primarily an informational website, not an exclusively sales-based 
                one. we hope to provide you with interesting and useful information 
                on george macdonald and michael phillips, both biographical and 
                bibliographical, and provide an extensive listing of their publications, 
                as well as information on which of those titles are currently 
                available.
our new sister website "george macdonald: father of the inkings" has been designed to facilitate ease of ordering, as well as to offer additional material on george macdonald and new writings by michael phillips.
please visit "george macdonald: father of the inklings" @ fatheroftheinklings.com
 





copyright 
  © 2004, 2005, 2006. all rights reserved.
  web development by page 
  weavers.
 




