























cell con















































 2 enterprise lane, bedford, pa 15522															                                    	



 (800) 771-7139															                                    	



 sales@cell-con.com															                                    	









home
battery packs

custom smart battery pack assembly
li-ion smart battery packs
lifepo4 smart battery packs
nimh custom battery packs
custom large format batteries
stock smart battery packs
liftcase battery


battery chargers

stock battery chargers
lithium ion (li-ion), polymer battery chargers
lithium iron phosphate (lifepo4) battery chargers
nimh battery charger, nicd
lead acid battery chargers


capabilities
markets served
contact us
 























								custom smart battery & charger solutions				            
established in 1983, cell-con, inc. specializes in designing and manufacturing custom rechargeable lithium battery packs and battery chargers. we also offer an extensive line of stock battery chargers, smart batteries, and power supplies.
contact us today













										about cell-con, inc.				                    

										a leading u.s. manufacturer				                    


a leading u.s. manufacturer of custom and stocked battery packs and power systems. our solutions include custom battery packs & chargers, ul approved battery chargers from stock, power supplies, dc/dc converters, and additional value-added services. for over 40 years, we have served as a world class supplier to original equipment manufacturers in the medical, industrial, and military markets. our extensive design and development experience allows us to function as a single source for high quality electronic products in today’s portable device marketplace. our products, services, and superior customer care allow us to exceed customer expectations while maintaining lasting relationships with our partners.


established in 1983
best products, services and customer care









									our features					            

									products offered					            







													custom smart battery packs						                        


assembled in the usa, cell-con designs and assembles custom battery packs to meet the needs of application regardless of complexity.









													custom large format batteries						                        


if your application requires a larger format custom battery from 300wh to 30kwh and beyond, we are ready to provide a solution.









													battery  chargers						                        


choose from our extensive product offering of lithium ion, lifepo4, nimh and lead acid battery chargers with power ratings from 15w to 300w.









													stock/smart batteries						                        


reduced development cost and speed to market are two primary benefits of working with our offering of stock / smart batteries.













									our expertise					            

									markets served					            



are you looking for a custom battery solution and management system specific to your industry needs?
chances are, we have worked on a similar application over the past five decades and can provide a solution that matches your product requirements.  our reach is extensive, having providing solutions to countless applications in a wide array of marketplaces. below is a sampling of the markets the products we manufacture are currently being used within.
while our custom battery packs and chargers can be found serving various markets across the globe, we are located in pennsylvania- with our production facility near pittsburgh and our corporate headquarters outside of philadelphia. please feel free to contact us to see how we can help make your project a success.



medical
industrial
military
material handling
data storage
oceananic
sensors
utilities
telecom
tracking
mobility
robotic
















800.771.7139
sales@cell-con.com





							custom solutions		                
home
battery packs
battery chargers
liftcase battery
capabilities
markets served
 


							contact info		                




2 enterprise lane
bedford, pa 15522
814.623.7057




							battery/charger application		                
click below to fill out the battery/ charger application. a representative will contact you after reviewing your completed submission.
project information worksheet







copyright© 2024 cell-con, inc. all right reserved.




















