




home - zucca wines





























































































skip to content





 



 
 







 



 
 
home
our winery
gary’s newsletters
subscribe
 

















our storyin 1994, after retiring from our professional careers, we, gary and carol zucca, started zucca mountain vineyards in the california sierra nevada foothills near the town of murphys.  after 25 years of winemaking, tasting room managing, wine events, and wine club tours to european wine regions, we re-retired and moved to spain.  this website tells our story. 








 



























our family 





 from left to right, tony, jill, gary,        carol, poppy (the dog), alana, sofia, matt, michelle. not pictured: hyun, sofia’s husband (the photo was taken in about 2014 and she’s grown up now).















our adventures and memorieswe started our adventure in valencia, spain. to keep old friends, wine club members, and anyone else interested in wine and living abroad, gary started writing occasional newsletters about our experiences and observations as expats.last year the wine country seemed to call us back, so we bought an old house in falset, a small town in the monsant wine region east of tarragona.  after doing a major remodel on the house, we moved here in january 2024.  our latest newsletter is about our visit to haro, the “capital del rioja”, the largest major wine region in spain.  click here to read it, or click newsletters to read about our earlier adventures and memories. 








 













 








our memoriesbelow are many pictures and facebook posts that bring back memories of winemaking, wine events, and wine club tours in europe.our memories on facebooka taste of spain in the zucca gardengearing up for crush 



































thanks for all your support over the years. keep in touch! 























zucca mountain wineyards
 

about us
 we are closed and have retired to spain.
 

navigationhome
gary’s newsletters
subscribe
 

linkscookies policy
privacy policy
 

follow us
instagram
facebook
 


 





©2024 zuccawines. all right reserved. 







 
















sign-up now - don't miss the fun!












  launch login modal





user login





create an account
close





  launch register modal





create an account





back to login
close



 







































