




blog it like it's hot — livejournal
























































































































































?

?









































































































































                                    





























































































































































livejournal






find more


communities


rss reader




shop









                                help
                            







                                    search
                                









                                    log in



























log in




                                        join free
                                    

                                        join
                                    







                                          english
                                        
                                        (en)
                                

english (en)

русский (ru)

українська (uk)

français (fr)

português (pt)

español (es)

deutsch (de)

italiano (it)

беларуская (be)













































tvqueen04
—














< no suspend reason >









readability




















                    more
                














tvqueen04







                                archive
                            



                                photos
                            



                                video
                            





readability






























log in


no account?
create an account








































remember me



                                forgot password
                            




                        log in
                        














log in









qr code

























































no account?

                    create an account
                
by logging in to livejournal using a third-party service you accept livejournal's user agreement









recent entries
archive
friends
profile


            blog it like it's hot
        

            i'm a gangsta, but y'all knew that...
        



blurbhello, you! welcome to the new and improved blog it like it's hot! take a look around, and enjoy what you see!  let me know how i'm doing with a comment or an email.  smooches! 
linkspink is the new blogperez hiltonbrandi's spacei'm on facebook, too
september 2006 12
3456789
10111213141516
17181920212223
24252627282930





14 september 2006 @ 09:47 pm
i'm a hussy without being a hussy!  


ok, so i wrote this fantastic blog last night because i was on a high from the awesome events of the evening, and then it got deleted, as i vented below. i am going to try now to go back to that place and recapture the mojo to recreate the post…
 
in honor of awesomeness…
 
because i chatted on the phone with three of my favorite people in life, went to the driving range with my sexy new hot pink golf clubs and didn’t completely suck, and i got to watch an entire john mayer concert live from nyc, i have been inspired to write…so here goes:
 
first of all, i want to send a big congratu-effing-lations out to the hottest mama in all the land:

 
ok, so i know britney doesn’t exactly look like this anymore, but this is the way i will always remember her: with a hot pink thong over her jeans and brian friedman dancing on her left. mrs. k-fed gave birth to baby boy #2 early tuesday morning…and now it’s time for the comeback!
 
also, i guess i have to send the obligatory birthday shout out to sean p. – one year of kicking it gangsta baby style. he’s actually getting cute, i guess…
 
so…in case you didn’t know, tuesday was one of the greatest media release days of all time, and i have decided to share my reviews with you all now. first up:

 
now, i am a total latecomer on the sss timberlake. as a self-proclaimed music snob, i felt it my job to scoff at the solo careers of any and all members of n’sync, including the curly-headed, high-pitched front man. it wasn’t until that smokin’ rendition of “senorita” on snl that i realized that this kid can really groove. he’s back after, i don’t know, four years-ish, with his sophomore album, futuresex/lovesound. i have no idea what that means, but it’s a pretty good song. “sexyback” has already become one of those songs that is officially overplayed, but no one really cares. it still causes a furor when it comes on during a saturday night out. lots of the tunes on this album have an old school sound to them, some are even evocative of nkotb in their hotter days. the record also features guest turns by timbaland, of course, as well as three six mafia and will.i.am. also, take note of the “what goes around…” interlude, which my salacious heart can only hope was inspired by miss spears herself. overall, it’s a good listen, and it’s only $10 at target, so check it out. it should be easy to find since there are four times more copies left of it than our next album:
 
seriously, there was only one of these left today. if you know me at all, you probably already know that i have somewhat of an unhealthy obsession with this guy’s music. again, i tend to stay away from bubble gum pop music, and i hate, hate, hate “your body is a wonderland.” luckily, i hardly associate john with that at all anymore. room for squares was my soundtrack in college, and will always be one of my favorite albums.  heavier things was jm’s second work, and while i enjoyed it, i didn’t feel the same love for it that i did for rfs. continuum has won me back over. for a lot of years now, mayer has been claiming to be an “old soul with a blues heart,” but we never really got a taste of that in the pop music he produced; however, the tide has turned with the new album. you will find a lot of old school influence on this track also, but it's more buddy guy than joey mcintyre. his mix of blues guitar, profound lyrics and driving melodies can only be described as sultry. yeah, i said it. sultry.  don't look at me.  if the concert that i watched tonight is any indication, the tunes are even more amazing live, which i am super excited about. i thought megha would have to hose me down during the performance of “slow dancing in a burning room.” you know how well mayer puts lyrics together, and the ones in this song just kill me. i think he has been working on his singing faces too, as he was looking slightly less hideous last night. also keep an ear out for “i don’t trust myself (with loving you)” and “belief,” which features some fairly blunt political sentiments, and  ben harper on guitar, which i think is pretty cool. anyway, for another $10, you can pick up continuum, also--if you can find a copy, that is.
 
of course, there’s also this:
 
if you are one of the eight people in america who doesn’t watch grey’s, leave immediately and buy this. you have about two weeks until season three premieres to catch up. season two was amazing…it’s worth the dough, i promise. and patrick dempsey is worth all the hype.
 
also released on tuesday:
 
ok, so i haven’t actually heard this album, but bob seger and the silver bullet band:greatest hits is the greatest road trip cd of all time, so this has to at least be worth a listen. here’s to hoping that there are many more trucker-inspired driving songs on it.
 
and of course:
 
lionel’s still got it, y’all. maybe i just like the song because the guy from csi:miami and miss nicole richie are in the video. i mean, have you seen “the simple life 3”?? it’s awesome…”wasted”!
 
so the last few weeks have been quite the whirlwind…i was lucky enough to travel with two lovely ladies to one of my favorite cities in all the land, washington, d.c., for labor day. the grand opening of bebar (d.c.’s hottest new nightspot) was the main event of the weekend, so we made sure to get cruise-azy three nights in a row. i honestly didn’t know i still had it in me, but at least it made for some great photos:         
 
it’s a good thing i don’t like sitting still because i immediately came home, unpacked my sexy clothes, repacked my business clothes, and flew to san diego for work. it is actually really nice to get out of the office, and i got have dinner with one of the cutest couples in the world:
 
mr. & mrs. smith were great hosts…it was so good to see them, and see how well life has been going since their wedding in july. 
 
in addition, i took the campaign to bring back the hat to the streets of houston last sunday:
 
do you know how many stares you get when you wear a beret in target on main? almost as many as a dude in a fedora. i love it…long live my favorite accessory.
 
i have to send out a quick rip to former texas governor ann richards, who passed away from complications with cancer yesterday. she once made a hunting trip to honey grove, and posed on a harley for the cover of texas monthly. she was one of the people that personified living in texas for me, and she will be sorely missed.
 
also, i would like to request a moment of silence for the marriage of whitney and bobby…it’s a tragedy when two people so devoted to each other can’t make it work. it must’ve been all the crack…
 
 
 
i would also like to say rip to cnn.com’s credibility. when this is your only breaking news, you’re just not trying hard enough…
 
 
sooooo…i am writing this blog at work. while i am certain that this is severly frowned upon, i am really enjoying it. maybe i’ve figured out how to juggle work and fun after all! woohoo!
 
 
 
 
    
current location: my cribwhat i'm listening to: um, hello...see the post
 
1 comment | talk to me




 

14 september 2006 @ 12:07 am
(no subject)  


i just typed a really, long kick-ass entry for you guys, and then the browser shut down and ate it.  obviously, livejournal's autosave doesn't work quite like they intend it to...so maybe tomorrow the inspiration will hit me again.  i don't know, it doesn't come too often these days...
 
talk to me




 


 


22 june 2006 @ 10:12 pm
put sufjan stevens on, we'll play your favorite song...  


well, well, well guess who's back? yeah, it's been too long, i know that. i hope that i will be able to get back into the regular swing of things, too. now, a lot has happened since we were last together, so let's get to it... you may or may not have heard that ryan reynolds is back on the market:  he finally dumped that buddha-lovin' female angst rocker-chick. i can only see the positive in this: 1. ryan is single again, and 2. jagged little pill part deux (hey, if uncle joey can inspire a hit like "you oughta know", don't you think ryan deserves a whole album?). oh, and ryan, if you're reading this, may i make a suggestion???  now that's a hot couple. write that down. speaking of sexy newly-single men, jt and cameron broke up!!! (obviously the lead story yes, but i don't have a picture of myself with justin...yet)  finally! as much as it pains me to admit, i'm quite a fan of the timberlake. i never quite figured out what he was doing with that skinny tree-hugger anyway. ohhh and bonus: check out a clip from jt's new single that just happened to leak today, also... hey justin, if you need another new project, why don't you try to help this out:  oh, britney...thank you so much for that matt lauer interview. it gave me quite a few laughs on a rainy saturday afternoon. now we know that "you're country!" and you "don't care what people think" about you, but come on...it takes a special woman to go from blonde to brunette like *that*... no, i wasn't referring to myself (ok, maybe a little), i was talking about my favorite blond turned brunette turned blond, reese "i've got arms" witherspoon:  it's rare that we get to see reese and her hot husband together, so i would like to document it now...done. yeah, they're gorgeous. and they're suing star magazine, so they're ok by me... and finally, i will leave you with one last uplifting photo:  ahhh...sweet success. sure lc has her own new hit show on mtv, and you're "starring" in what appears to be an awesome "horror" movie (that looks like it has all the potential of "house of wax") but you've still got it. keep up the whoreaceous good work! go team lc!!a couple of interesting links:*if you want to read about how "pure" hilary duff is, go ahead.  i'd rather keep my dinner down.*harry potter and the order of the phoenix: summer 2007!!  yes!*damn! seal is potent!  heidi klum is preggo...again!*jamie kennedy's tribute to bob saget...see, it just has to be good!soooo...yeah.  i have been really absent over the past couple of months.  i am still trying to get used to this "8-5" idea that so many people to think so highly of...living in houston has actually proven to be more fun than i expected, so for the first time, my social life has also gotten in the way of my daily posts.  imagine that!i don't know how many of you watched angelina jolie's interview with anderson cooper on tuesday night, but i feel i would be remiss not to mention it here.  it is so refreshing to see someone interview angie and actually let her focus on where her passions lie, instead of making her answer two hours worth of questions about "how she knew brad pitt was the one."  of course they talked about mad, z and shiloh, but the focus was really on angie's humanitarian efforts and on raising awareness in honor of national refugee day.  it is good for the american public to be able to associate a face with a cause, and although it seems that we are hearing more and more about suffering in africa, i still don't think that we, as americans, can even begin to grasp what life must be like in many of the war-torn regions that were highlighted during their interview.  it is really something interesting to think about, and i know that i personally would love to be able to say that it made me appreciate everything that i'm blessed with just a little more.  oh, and anderson cooper on "the daily show" was pretty awesome, too.  jon stewart totally called him out on why cnn has to make everything a production instead of just reporting the news, which i think tiana and i pointed out during "angelina jolie: her mission and motherhood."  seriously, why can't it just be another episode of ac 360??and that concludes the current issues portion of this blog.  in related news, still no suri cruise!  there ain't no baby, y'all.  (britney has officially inspired me to embrace my country roots.  next i will be wearing bad weave and chewing gun on national tv!)i hope every last one of you is doing fabulously, and that we get to spend some more time together really soon...   
what i'm listening to: sufjan stevens - illinoise
 
talk to me




 

08 may 2006 @ 08:08 pm
don't look at me  


welcome to my live blog of tonight's episode of 24.  actually, it is just a coincidence, but damn...i missed last week's episode, but somehow jack has commandeered a diplomatic flight, secretary hellar survived his thelma and louise act, and president logan has been dubbed "the worst president ever" by cnn.  that's a pretty great accomplishment considering their disdain for the current administration.  oh, and there's going to be a 24 movie...in london.  the bauer power hour is going global, bitches.and now they landed a plane on the freeway. awesome.good news and bad news... good news first:she cleans up nicely, y'all.  but the bad news: she looks preggo...i guess we will have to stick with those hot remixes for now.speaking of hot mamas...check out how awesomely huge gwen is looking these days:that is going to be one genetically blessed child.  baby rossdale vs. baby jolie-pitt vs. freakzoid suri cruise vs. the barron trump vs. moses martin?  i'd watch that.speaking of the cruises, mama and daddy had a parents' night out this weekend:i guess selling her soul to the devil really took it out of katie...she looks like a robot.  a robot that is showing off her nursing bra.  seriously.  and can i point out that their hands aren't even interdigitized??  what a crock.and for the most random picture of the day:i can only assume there was a "has-been, might-be, never was" famous conference that i didn't know about over the weekend.  paige davis, really?  what's she doing now that she conquered the world of home remodeling and butchered roxie hart when i saw chicago  on broadway?  i guess she's about done.  and lance bass is still gay gay gay.  good.dammit...i thought pres. logan was going to blow his brains out.  of course, 24 never takes the easy way out.  yes...so i have been sans internet for approximately seven days now.  luckily...i now have dial-up in my hotel room.  apparently, this hotel can have an ice skating rink in the lobby, but wi-fi is a little too much of an undertaking.  i am in ocean city, md, for work right now, and i must admit that although i do miss my bed, my car and my tivo, it is nice not to have to sit in a grey cube in my office everyday.  you know what else is awesome??  visting my friends in dc, deciding that we are so over the scene there, and driving to nyc for the night.  that's hot.  not so hot?  spending sunday close to death.  hot?  bebar and these sexy bitches that i saw on washingtonpost.com:ok...this has taken approximately four hours on my sweet high speed internet, so i am going to sign out now...i keep having dreams of  putting my journalism experience to work and writing an in-depth summation of my views on current events, mainly immigration issues, but tom and katie always win out.  stay tuned for more serious content.  or more britney pregnancy photos...whichever matter more.
 
talk to me




 


 


20 april 2006 @ 08:43 pm
it's raining babies!!  


well, kids...unless you are deaf, blind and dumb, you have no doubt heard the joyous news that l.ron crazybaby was "born" this week.  i'm scared, i really am.  suri...some say it means "princess" but i only hear "devil".  you all know that i was never really a believer in the whole "pregnancy" so i am still a little suspiscious of what is actually going on over in e-meter land.  surprisingly enough, there hasn't been an official photoshoot yet, but you can bet your boots it'll happen soon.in what has to be one of the most amazing twists of fate ever, brook shield's little bundle of depression came into the world the same day.  god is awesome!!  and i say it again...the irony in that slays me!  speaking of future therapy-bound children:  people defnitely won the bidding wars this week.  not only did they get the barron trump, but they got moses! check it out:gwyneth is just too lovely.  i mean melania is stunning, obviously, but gwyn looks so happy (and that little fruit is pretty sweet, too).  i do find it kind of hilarious that the donald was bragging about his son being the new cover boy, and then suri cruise had to swoop in and steal little barron's thunder.  i can almost see the story now: tom made headlines last summer when he publicly denounced brooke sheids' use of anti-depressants during her postpartum "baby blues."  (see sidebar: tom vs. brooke...will their babies play together???).  (end serious journalism, begin full minute-by-minute coverage of april 18th).ok, i love the martins so much, here's one more for good measure:ok, i don't really like kids that much, but that's some cute shit!on a completely unrelated topic, lindsay lohan can turn from fashion princess to couture victim in 2.4 seconds:i don't even know...that dress is just bad (and a wardrobe malfunction waiting to happen)!!have i mentioned lately how much i love fox?  not only are they pioneers of unbelievably trashy reality television, but even on a sinking ship like "the o.c." they still manage to work in lines like (from the mouth of seth cohen): "yes my name is kumar.  i'm half indian, half jewish.  i'm a hin-jew."  classic cohen.  kirsten also hit the hooch again!  it's just so good, isn't it, kiki??  and....on an even more exciting note:  so you think you can dance??  is back in may!!  woo-hoo!speaking of the o.suck, these pics of mischa and her "dog" are kinda cute: that thing looks a little more like a furry dog/cat hybrid to me, but more power to ya, marissa!and finally, on a more somber note: the final episode of will & grace has been taped:yeah, i know, i wish it was of jack and karen, too, but that's all i could find...i know that a lot of people think the show isn't as funny as it used to be, but i don't know how anyone can watch the gay nephew episode or the taye diggs series and not still have faith.  no matter what, these guys defnitely changed the face of the american sitcom, and i for one will be quite sad to see it go.  luckily, it is so highly syndicated that i am currently tivo-ing five episodes a day! yes, tivo is back and better than ever.  i think now i may have time to get my life back.  ok, yeah, i see now that that sentence was a little sad...i need a hobby or a pet or something.  oh wait, maybe i will just start writing in my blog again...how does that sound??  seriously, though...i really want to try and start updating again, because we all know that i need to keep my wits about me if i am ever going to stay sane in a 6x6 cube.  boo!
 
talk to me




 


 


05 april 2006 @ 09:35 pm
alien baby!!  


i think little miss katie strapped her belly on backwards today: i'm sorry, but that just don't look right, yall.
 
talk to me




 


 


03 april 2006 @ 09:19 pm
like a phoenix from the ashes, jack bauer emerges...  


yep, it's monday kids, and you know what that means...43 minutes of real-time television that causes this girl to shout!  of course, they pull this "is jack bauer really dead??" shit every season, and we all know he never is, but the comeback is dramatic nonetheless.  i must say...i think jack has gotten ruthless in his old age.  two shots to the back here, a slit throat there...jack bauer takes no prisoners.  we should've known that little p-word logan was behind all this.  i guess his overwhelming incompetence was just a front for his illegal actions.  no matter, kiddies, jack will take him down in approximately 8 more hours.well, now that that's over, let's move on...save me from myself, i'm about to talk about tom cruise.  i just can't help it, the man has totally lost it.  while poor (stupid) katie sits at home "pregnant", he is running off to germany to appear on wetten das?  i have no clue what that means, but it sounds german and cool...das bier? tom rides a motorcycle!  tom talks to a pretty lady!  he is so manly and butch!  and he has all of his priorities in order...oh, wait.  yep that's right...i am guessing that we are going to get another war of the worlds-like press tour this summer.  joy!  talk shows everywhere are removing their sofas even as we speak!  all i know is, any man who knocks me up and then tells me our wedding can wait until he is ready better sleep with one eye open, ok??speaking of people who just make it too easy, check out how hot britney is looking: yowsa...brit's not looking so hot these days.  if she is pregnant again, i am just going to assume that she is trying for a cuter baby.  yep, i'm going there...in a handbasket.i would like to present this next picture as exhibit a in my case against fergie:yeah, i just don't see the "hotness" you people speak of.  but once again, the duhamel trumps anything i could ever try to say.have you seen the newest cover of time??hahahaha!!! can't you just see the statue of liberty saying," get outta my face!"  "talk to the hand, oookkk??"it seems that in light of recent rumors of a short-lived but torrid affair with one nick lachey, kristen cavalier (yeah, that's wrong) has decided to actually become jessica simpson:nice weave, honey!  you did sell your soul for reality tv, too, though, so maybe you really can relate to miss simpson...well, the day that 1 in 10 of you men have waited for is finally here...brokeback mountain is released on dvd tomorrow:
now you can enjoy all the hot cowboy on cowboy action in the privacy of your own home.  in honor of this gay event, i will throw in madonna's tour dates free of charge.  confess, bitches!also out on dvd tomorrow: crash: director's cut.  correct me if i'm wrong, but isn't every release the director's cut??  irregardless, they are clearly trying to capitalize on their surprise best picture upset, and who can blame them?  ignore all the critics who vowed to boycott the oscars after that "powerpoint presentaion turned movie" (premeire magazine) took home the biggest prize.  much like jack twist, they don't know how to quit you.and in a bit of parting wisdom, a book reccomendation:sooooo funny, and so freakin' true.  i really think this woman and i are probably soulmates.  she is on best week ever, so obviously she's cool.   the other night i was shopping in target when a woman said "m'am you need to watch your little boy, he's just everywhere."  of course i replied, "oh, that's not mine!!"  i was so offended...not that this random woman was walking around dispensing parental advice, but that she mistook me for the parent of the blonde devil child on the next aisle.  ew!  this kid was totally the inspiration for this book, though...screaming, dragging randm luggage through the store, all while his parents sweetly replied, "not today, honey.  we're only getting one.  you need to come with mommy....honey, let's go...no, we're not getting that one.  i know, it is pretty isn't it?  but we don't need it, sweetie."  gag...vickie would've had me outta there immediately if not sooner...but that's because she knows what's up.parting is such sweet sorrow...but i shall return, as i hope you will, also!   
what i'm listening to: howie day - she says
 
talk to me




 

03 april 2006 @ 06:51 am
george is her mcdreamy!  


holy mother of robin to both george clooeny and val kilmer's batman! in case you missed grey's last night, it's true...chris o'donnell is still alive!  he looked kinda hot all scruffy and seattle-like...i am sure meredith is gonna check on that, despite her vow of celibacy.  in other grey's news, george's "woman" is a little crazy, and has apparently made him her world.  i guess that's sweet or something...i have everything ready to make a proper update this evening, but for now i must go surrender to the man.  have a glorious monday!
 
talk to me




 


 


28 march 2006 @ 10:58 pm
rip bep  


that's right, kids.  special correspondant jason wood has just informed me that it is time to say "adios!" to those gods of the catchy hook, the black eyed peas.  i don't have any more info at this time, but i can only assume that this is will.i.am, taboo, and the other guy's way of getting rid of fergie while they go back to keepin' it real.  i hope that fergie doesn't pull one of those "solo career" moves.  let's face it...there's no stefani here.  she is definitely a team member, but not the star.  what does she care anyway...she gets to go home and drown her sorrows in sweet tad hamilton lovin'.  i'd ditch my band for duhamel any day!
 
talk to me




 

22 march 2006 @ 09:20 pm
(no subject)  


genius.  sheer genius.  south park does it again.  if issac hayes thought he was going to leave the show without being skewered (literally), he was sorely mistaken. "we shouldn't be mad at chef for leaving us.  we should be mad at that fruity little club for scrambling his brain."  in the episode, chef is brainwashed by a group who worship a man who became immortal by sodomizing children...it sounds crude when i type it, but it was funny the way they were obviously making a joke of scientology yet again.  to add insult to injury (admit it, it hurt, tom cruise), they recreated the scene where "this is what scientologists actually believe" flashed across the bottom of the screen.  it was funny the first time, but it was hilarious when they were doing it slyly.so i have been a little behind on the updates lately, but you have to realize that i am trying to adjust to waking up in the morning, going to bed at a decent hour, and trying not to think that i have sold myself out to the man.  it is so hard to sit in a cube all day, working on something that you are really dispassionate about,  but almost everyone does it every single day.  i would much rather be here all day, doing this, something i care about and that doesn't make me feel idiotic...but i guess that you have to put in the time somewhere.  at least i have a 401k.  ok, i will quit my bitching now...i am really happy to have a job, i swear.  katie holmes may or may not be "giving birth" today in ohio...i hope the reign of terror is coming to an end. sianora, chicken little!  way to go, america!!  
and remember, don't f*** with matt stone and trey parker.  they are smarter than you.
 
talk to me




 


 

 


go earlier
viewing most recent entries


 
 





























