


the institute of telecom resellers































we invest in people. show your industry that you are a leader



we look forward to working together with you and helping you  with your career.



reach the telecom decision makers who purchase your products and services


iinstitute of telecom resellers emeiaaa.
europe, middle east, india africa, asia and the americas
join us !!!







dear telecom professional,

divestiture took place on january 1, 1984 in the usa  and the bell system 
    		    was dead. in its place was a new at&t and seven regional bell operating 
    		    companies (collectively, the rbocs.) most see this as the birth of global 
    		    competitive telecoms. mr barrington roy schiller was invited to sit on the board 
    		    and international resale committee of the tra,
    		    telecom reseller's association in washington usa, the trade association 
    		    which was formed to represent the new breed of new telecos which were being born 
    		    in this new deregulated environment of competitive telecoms. a decade later 
    		    europe followed so in
    		    1996
    		    barrington roy schiller brought senior executives in the international telecom 
    		    world together to form this association, which was based upon the work of 
    		    the tra . the 
    		    remit was to promote competitive telecommunications in europe via resale in accordance 
    		    with the roll out of the wto accord.

    		    the itre was therefore formed as a non-government
    		    organisation as the first european association for national and international 
    		    carriers , ptts and resellers  to lobby and better understand the deregulated environment and be informed of
    		    the latest legislation and services available to them. the itre also offered a one-stop-shop to companies both
    		    in and outside of europe as a forum to allow them to exchange information.
the itre evolved with time and soon had 
    		    members which could offer legal, regulatory and accounting 
    		    services, staff recruitment, site finding, research, marketing, financing, 
    		    purchasing, advice on all telecom matters, consultancy, grants, acquisitions and 
    		    mergers. switching, switch sales, diallers,  intelligence reports, 
    		    bandwidth, call centre management, billing and a host of other products and 
    		    services.
as such the 
    		    beginning of 2003 saw the roll out of the wto accord all but completed and 
    		    millions of new telecom staff had joined the industry with each being trained by 
    		    those who had come before so we of the itre changed the emphasis from 
    		    corporate assistance to making our prime goal  that of making the industry "a 
    		    profession"* and to offer professional personal 
    		    membership" to bona fide executives in telecom and allied telecom 
    		    (publishers, conference organisers, lawyers etc) industries and giving them true 
    		    professional status and use the letters memb. itre or asso. itre after their name to 
    		    add to their professional status.
to promote the continuing professional development of our members we 
    		    now organize networking, corporate hospitality, conferences , exhibitions, travel and 
    		    accommodation to telecom events, newsletters, media purchasing, speaking and 
    		    publishing opportunities under a common academic framework.

membership is available to all bona fide senior telecom executives and 
also to companies who are willing to support their employees continuing 
professional development in this multi-billion-dollar industry. some 
of our members are the leading companies in the industry. others are small 
companies wishing high growth from highly motivated, trained and connected 
staff. each corporate member is represented by and can sponsor their 
senior executives. (the decision makers)

this coming together of telecommunications professionals fulfils the demand of 
the industry to acquire and pool knowledge and promote 
the industry as a profession standing as one united front. 
we never forget however that our first and foremost remit is to promote 
reselling and to support our reseller members with teh best carrier rates at the 
best quality possible as well as assisting new resellers to enter the market. we look forward to working 
together with you in this exciting industry, if you are a senior telecom 
executive join us today
 barry schillerfounder and director generale-mail us!













please follow us on







please join us to discover the world of competitive telecoms
    this month's campaign:
    combat fraud in your establishmentâ  with us and our global partners




home
 benefits


benefits


professional benefits


personal benefits


services


consultancy


your place


publications


source guide


optel


optel notice


fees


affiliates
development


professional development


common academic


join


rates


application form


corporate application form


council


members


links


regulatory links


regulatory addresses


links


fun


quotes


quiz


 ethics


what is a professional?


corporate ethics


contact







