






psi beta | community college national honor society in psychology








































facebook




instagram


 linkedin
 advisors
 students
 












home
about

letter from president
mission statement
history
staff and council
region map
faq
brochure
hall of fame
statement on inclusion
policies and documents
partner with psi beta
national presidents
psi beta newsletter


students

student login
benefits of membership
how to join
chapter delegates
career resources
student research journal
psi beta merchandise
certificate replacement


advisors

register new members
start a new chapter
become an advisor
career resources


chapters

starting a new chapter
chapter handbook
leadership
chapter resources
induction ceremony
chapter delegates
research
chapter activity submission


awards

award winners – 2024
overview and deadlines
research award
building bonds award
chapter service
chapter excellence
college life award
faculty advisor award
leadership award
student community service


research

national research project
nrp study help guide
poster help
undergraduate research resources
visit our journal
research journal info


store
contact psi beta
 


select page


  
 
 













welcome, new studentscongratulations on receiving an invitation. enter your code here.
click here to join








the official psi beta store
get your gear!











what is psi beta?


founded in 1982, psi beta is a national honor society for students attending two-year colleges, inviting students who plan to major or minor in psychology, as well as students who simply have an interest in psychology. our mission is to encourage professional development and psychological literacy of students by promoting and recognizing excellence in scholarship, leadership, research, and community service.








membership


membership is offered through your local psi beta chapter and is open to students who maintain a minimum gpa of 3.25 and have completed a college-level psychology course with a grade of b or higher. chapters’ functions and activities are operated by the psi beta student members and faculty advisors, and the national council guides the affairs and policies of the organization.







the benefits of psi beta membership
psi beta provides a means of national recognition and other lifelong benefits








recognition

present your research nationally. wear honor regalia accessories at graduation, and sport psi beta apparel.








lifetime reference

psi beta is a career reference throughout your lifetime. we will always affirm your psi beta membership.








award eligibility

qualify for psi beta student scholarships and enter a variety of annual national award competitions.








new opportunities

learn leadership skills and gain research experience. meet outstanding psychology professionals.







see all psi beta benefits













how to join

if you have an invitation code from your chapter advisor, click here to register.
if you have not yet been invited but are interested in psychology and meet the requirements, contact the psi beta chapter advisor at your school and ask to be invited. the chapter advisor will verify your qualifications and provide you an invitation code which you’ll use to register and pay a fifty-dollar one-time membership fee.



















does your school need a chapter?

what if your college doesn’t have a psi beta chapter? students have been the motivating factor behind the establishment of psi beta chapters. check with your psychology department or existing psych club to ask them about starting a psi beta chapter.
how to become an advisorhow to start a psi beta chapter














total members




active chapters




new members this year







our partners







 


 





 


 











 


 





 


 





 


 





 


 




















join us in our mission to recognize outstanding undergraduate students!







 








psi beta

certified member of the national association of college honor societies, affiliate of the american psychological association, and affiliate of the american psychological society







important links

how to join
benefits of membership
psi beta store
awards information



need help?

faqs
edit your account info
advisor login
how to become an advisor
how to start a new chapter









facebook




instagram


designed by elegant themes | powered by wordpress 





















