





crafty jane's – crafting with m.e – handmade gifts and blog












































skip to content
 


crafty jane'scrafting with m.e – handmade gifts and blog 

menu


home
about me
my blog

craft
living with cfs/me and disabilities
discussions
food
animals
rhymes


items for sale
my gallery
dates for 2025
links
my account












welcome to crafty jane's|crafting with m.e|handmade cards and gifts|my blog to see the cards and gifts available to buy, visit my facebook page
email me jane@craftyjanes.co.uk if you want an item making.
please take a look at my gallery for examples of things i can make.
my cards and gifts are made with lots of love and attention to detail, often some blood sweat and tears too and tailored to the recipient.
this not a business, just a way of getting some reward for the things i make.  i am unable to work due to ill health and spend many long hours on my own unable to do normal daily activities.  
please do take a look and share with friends.
thank you for visiting.
jane
 view my blog view items to buy 










a selection of things i've made my gallery 

 

view more






latest blog posts 







craft / outlawz challenge cards / tuesday colour 

aqua and pink 

i am nearly a week late with this blog. in my defence i have been busy with my daughters 18th birthday. i decided to make her a memory and message book, but didn’t realise just how much time it would take and plenty of blood sweat and tears involved. thankfully she loves it, but i am way behind with making …






 



craft / outlawz challenge cards / rhymes 

love is in the air 

wow how fast did january go? mind you i think it’s partly because my daughter and husband both have birthdays the first week in february, so i go straight from christmas into getting sorted for their birthdays and this year it is a big one for my daughter, 18!! it feels like the last 18 years passed in a flash …






 



craft / outlawz challenge cards / rhymes 

happy new year 

a bit late to the party with my blog for the challenge that began on sunday, it’s been a crazy few weeks and not much sign of any let up, so here goes. the rhyme chosen was the apt the year by ella wheeler wilcox wilcox was an american writer and poet, she started writing poetry aged 8 and had …




read my blog















										copyright © 2025 crafty jane's		 – 
onepress theme by famethemes					



follow my blog with bloglovin




