















file taxes online - e-file federal and state returns | 1040.com®














































javascript must be enabled for the correct page display


skip to main content


sign instart filing








pricing
how it works




why 1040.com?


about us
our guarantees
filer reviews







resources


tax calculator
tax guide
free printables
after filing...
track refund
check e–file status
print return



blog





support

supported tax formscontact support

sign instart filing























the feel-good tax company
let’s get started





you've worked hard enough for your money. filing your taxes should be the easy part.
feel good knowing it's done right, on time, and for one honest, simple price of $29.99.















we make it easy
we let you know what kind of info to have on hand before you get started. then, we walk you through our simplified forms and run calculations ourselves - no math homework for you!





we go at your pace
it's not a race. you can stop and start again at any point and your information and progress is saved. getting started is the easy part. finishing, well, that's also the easy part.





we simplify pricing
no bait and switch pricing tricks or gimmicks. no 'gotchas' for extra forms. just one honest price of $29.99, no matter the forms or needs of your situation. that's how we roll. feels good, doesn’t it?


learn more









“quick, easy, straightforward. i've been using 1040.com for 5 years now and have never had a problem. 1040.com invests in clean water projects around the world as well... which is the main reason i got started with them in the first place. thank you!”
                        john p.


                        “extremely easy to follow. much cheaper than h&r block and turbo tax. no hidden fees. will definitely use this site from now on.”
                        laurie s.


                        “so easy to file! i’ve been using 1040.com since i started my first job and i’ve never had a rejected or audited return. so easy if you’ve never filed yourself, they walk you through the whole thing and make sure you don’t miss anything!”
                        jennifer a.












“quick, easy, straightforward. i've been using 1040.com for 5 years now and have never had a problem. 1040.com invests in clean water projects around the world as well... which is the main reason i got started with them in the first place. thank you!”
                                john p.




                                “extremely easy to follow. much cheaper than h&r block and turbo tax. no hidden fees. will definitely use this site from now on.”
                                laurie s.




                                “so easy to file! i’ve been using 1040.com since i started my first job and i’ve never had a rejected or audited return. so easy if you’ve never filed yourself, they walk you through the whole thing and make sure you don’t miss anything!”
                                jennifer a.

















feel good about what you’re spending.
goodbye, guessing games. feel-good filing is just $29.99 + tax, no matter how complex your finances are.
start filing now











news and updates to keep you in-the-know.

we’re moving! 1040.com combines blog and tax guide



tax news                
june 24, 2022








a free resource built with you in mind.

our tax guide provides concise articles in layman’s terms for headache-free learning.








printable checklists to make your tax prep even easier.

with these hands-on filing checklists and expert-tested templates, we’re here to help you gear up for tax filing.










 











we’re here for youinstagramfacebookyoutube




resourcestax calculatortax guidefree printablesrefund statuscontact us








what makes us different?
you’ll love our unique approach to filing taxes—it’s simple, transparent, and carefully designed to provide you with a stress-free filing experience from start to finish.learn about us









do not sell or share my personal information
terms of serviceprivacysitemap
© 2025 drake software, llc, a taxwell company. all rights reserved.




































