










starker – starker services, inc.






















































menu




close menu


home
real estatereal estate professionals
contract


investorsinvestors
security of funds
information on tics


attorneys & escrowattorneys & escrow
closing costs


taxtax professionals
tax 8824 instructions
tax partnership llc’s
tax 1031 treasury regulations
irs.gov


exchangestarting an exchange
types of exchanges
exchanges updates


resourcesfree information package
what we do
45/180 day calculator
faq
disaster extensions


 
















                        about
                    




                        contact
                    



                        starting an exchange
                    













real estate

real estate professionalscontract
investors

investorssecurity of fundsinformation on tics
attorneys & escrow

attorneys & escrowclosing costs
tax

tax professionalstax 8824 instructionstax partnership llc’stax 1031 treasury regulationsirs.gov
exchange

starting an exchangetypes of exchangesexchanges updates
resources

free information package45/180 day calculatorwhat we dofaqsdisaster extensions
 






                starker services            



            your investment profits with irc §1031 tax-deferred exchanges        


                get informed            


















                why starker            





                starker services, inc., is the nation's oldest, largest and most experienced independent qualified intermediary firm, successfully completing thousands of exchanges each year. formed in 1987 following the landmark starker tax court decision, our sole function is to provide a staff of highly trained professionals available to discuss exchange strategies and prepare accurate documentation supporting all types of tax deferred exchanges. every major real estate firm has used starker to counsel their clients in the strategies, which may be used on the sale of real or personal property.            









qualified intermediary services
trusted intermediaries who manage and oversee 1031 exchange transactions



1031 exchange consultation
specialized advice to help investors plan and execute a 1031 exchange



replacement property identification
guidance in identifying and selecting replacement properties according to irc §1031 rules



1031 exchange documentation
preparation and provision of the legal documents necessary to complete a 1031 exchange



tax deferral strategies
various strategies to minimize or defer capital gains tax



education and training resources
educational materials and specialized courses to understand 1031 exchanges and related laws











                        over
                    

                        250,000
                    


                    successful 1031 exchanges completed!
                





                    starting an exchange
                












                starker insights
            




                get the latest insights and updates on 1031 exchanges and industry trends with starker news
            





                    more insights
                











                            maximizing returns with strategic 1031 exchange timing                        

the recent changes in tax regulations have introduced significant alterations to the rules governing 1031 exchanges, affecting real estate investors […]











                            new tax regulations impacting 1031 exchanges                        

the recent changes in tax regulations have introduced significant alterations to the rules governing 1031 exchanges, affecting real estate investors […]










                    more insights
                










                client testimonials
            


































                                        exceptional service                                    




                                     want to thank you for your diligent work during the successful 1031 exchange.  things went smoothly because you kept everyone on track with what they needed to do to make the exchange comply with the irs rules. thank you for your efforts!  we will keep you in mind if/when we need to do another such exchange.                                                                  









                                        georg e.                                    

                                        1st time exchanger/real estate investor                                    































                                        exceptional service                                    




                                     i’d like to express my sincere appreciation for the outstanding service i received from starker services. their professionalism and commitment to ensuring a positive experience did not go unnoticed. planning and executing a 1031 exchange is a challenging process requiring extensive knowledge and attention to detail. from the first contact i was impressed with the availability and friendliness of the staff. kayvon and the rest of the staff truly exceeded my expectations, providing the guidance and support to instill confidence at every step of the process and at any time. it is rare to find such dedication, and i look forward to being a returning customer.                                









                                        oscar k.                                    

                                        real estate investor                                    























            faqs
        






                    what is a tax deferred exchange?                








                a 1031 exchange is a tax-deferred transaction that allows real estate investors to sell a property and reinvest the proceeds in a like-kind property while deferring capital gains taxes.            




                    should an exchange be considered?                








                you have 45 days from the sale of your relinquished property to identify potential replacement properties, and 180 days total to close on the purchase of the replacement property.            




                    what is capital gains tax?                








                you have 45 days from the sale of your relinquished property to identify potential replacement properties, and 180 days total to close on the purchase of the replacement property.            




                    isn’t capital gains tax only 15%?                








                you have 45 days from the sale of your relinquished property to identify potential replacement properties, and 180 days total to close on the purchase of the replacement property.            




                    what does like-kind mean?                








                you have 45 days from the sale of your relinquished property to identify potential replacement properties, and 180 days total to close on the purchase of the replacement property.            











                starting an exchange
            








                types of exchanges
            
















                        20 south santa cruz avenue, suite 304  los gatos, ca 95030                    







                            phone number
                        



                            (800) 332-1031                        








                            fax
                        



                            (408) 356-0808                        








                            email
                        



                            1031@starker.com                        





                    links
                


                        real estate
                    

                        investors
                    

                        attorneys & escrow
                    

                        tax professionals
                    

                        starting an exchange
                    

                        about
                    

                        contact
                    






                            subscribe
                        

                            subscribe to receive the latest updates and news
                        















                ©2025 starker. all rights reserved.            
























