
















home - ohc - mfl occupational health centre















































skip to content









search for:








	connect with us facebooklinkedintwitter
 

search for:



 





menu

about ohc

mission & vision
2023-2026 strategic plan
board of directors
staff
annual reports


programs & services

medical
workplace education & services

psychological health & safety


cross cultural development program

train the trainer program


special projects

sexual harassment in the workplace
healthy nail salon workers


past initiatives


community resources

resource centre

resource sheets


ergonomics
health & safety regulations
injured worker support
webinars
sector partners


covid-19

resources & information
information for essential workers
worker rights
covid vaccines
worker mental health
ventilation resources
social distancing for workers
at-home ergonomics


news
events
get involved

contact
mailing list
donate














 
 
you can download the report here




help support ohc
make a donation




healthy workplaces.healthy workers.healthy communities.
the mfl occupational health centre (ohc) is a community health centre funded by winnipeg regional health authority and donations. the centre helps workers, employers, and joint health and safety committees to improve workplace health and safety conditions and eliminate hazards.









upcoming events


repetitive strain injury awareness day in-person event 2025 
					february 27 @ 9:30 am				
view more


recent news



cross cultural community development program 

for 25 years, the occupational health centre (ohc) has worked with a variety of cultural communities in manitoba to increase their capacity around workplace health and safety through the cross-cultural… read more




what are you doing? using strength-based approaches in occupational health & safety 

occupational health & safety (ohs) is often viewed through a compliance-first lens, where the focus is on enforcing rules and reacting to problems. but what if we flipped the script?… read more




shifting paradigms: embracing trauma and violence informed approaches to de-escalation in the workplace 

violence is pervasive in canadian workplaces and in society. it is important to understand that individuals who experience violence (physical, emotional, or psychological) and those who witness violence or are… read more




you are invited to submit a proposal to develop and deliver a project! 

“addressing the mental health, substance use and complex trauma needs of workers in manitoba: a feasibility and implementation study for program development.” please submit your proposal no later than end of day… read more



view all


 





donate

hours:
monday - friday 9 a.m. to 5 p.m.
our resource centre is open to all.
 167 sherbrook street
winnipeg, manitoba
canada, r3c 2b7



phone204-949-0811
fax204-956-0848
contact us by email
connect with us:facebooklinkedintwitter








