






































property tax 
pay property taxscheduled paymentsreminder emailimportant datesformsfaqportfolio serviceportfolio loginregister to pay subsequent taxlogin to pay subsequent taxregister and bid for tax salesfee calculator 

motor vehicle 
vehicle renewalimportant dates & fee increasesformsfaqpersonalized plate applicationfee calculator 

driver's license 
important datesforms and manualsfaq 
support



 sign in







username



password



sign in





forgot password?
forgot username?















iowa county treasurers
egovernment alliance

property tax  vehicle renewal  find my county          
      








welcome to the official home page of iowa state county treasurer's association
click the map below to see individual county homepages
 
links to other resources










forgot username
















details
















contact
















forgot password
















registration













fee calculator






enter the amount you intend to pay to see the non-refundable fee(s) associated with each payment type.


              email is required.
            




submit 











login






username



password





sign in





forgot password?
forgot username?










register






username





first name





last name





phone





email address






password


password must meet the following requirements:

at least one letter
at least one capital letter
at least one number
be at least 8 characters






retype password











submit













terms






dishonored payments may result in an additional fee up to $30 per iowa code 554.3512


 


late fees


payments initiated on the last day of each month must be completed before midnight. for those transactions that are initiated but not completed before midnight and where delinquent fees may now apply, the shopping cart will automatically be cleared and new transactions must be started. this will only apply for those transactions that already have late fees or that may now be delinquent because of the calendar change.  


service delivery fee


we are pleased to offer the convenience of payment by use of credit cards and e-checks online. as a governmental agency, we are restricted from deducting the costs associated with these forms of payment from your tax amount due. therefore there will be a non-refundable service delivery fee applied to your total to help cover these costs. you will have the opportunity to review the total charge and exit the system prior to completing the transaction. payments made during the annual tax sale or any adjourned tax sale may be refunded. however, service delivery fees will not be refunded.  


payment methods and authorization


we currently provide two convenient methods for making your tax payments: electronic check and credit cards.

electronic check provides quick and easy electronic transfer of funds from your checking account. electronic check payments returned may result in the maximum charge allowed by law by your county treasurer. refer to your county treasurer's home page for specific information.

authorizationby checking the "i accept the terms and conditions" checkbox below i authorize my bank to debit my specified account for the amount of my payment and for the convenience fee. this is a one-time payment which will occur on the next business day or as soon as practical thereafter. if my payment cannot be completed for any reason, including insufficient funds or error in the information which i submitted, i will retain the same liability, which is my sole responsibility, for payment as though i had not attempted to make the payment. i also understand that additional fees and penalties may be collected to the extent of applicable law.


credit cards are another payment option we offer. we can accept visa, mastercard, and discover cards. for details on use of credit cards and associated fees, click here.





 








why register



when you register an account, you are able to enjoy the benefits of the following information being stored:

your account information -when you have an account, your parcels, payment and contact information will all be stored securely. you will not have to enter that information from year-to-year.
your receipts  with an account, you will always have access to your past transactions, and can review previous payment amounts and dates. 
your receipt numbers  when paying by e-check, once your account is registered and you initially enter your receipt number, you will no longer have to enter that number again.













designed and maintained by govtech services
privacy policy - terms and conditions
version-20241227























