






hawaii trails | your moving to hawaii relocation guide for island life












































skip to content



 

menu


home
about us
inquire now











hawaii trails
your moving to hawaii relocation guide for island life
get started contact now
 








best relocation guide about us know more
 



welcome to hawaii trails, your guide to relocating to hawaii. our blog aims to guide people moving from the us mainland to hawaii. our articles will include advice on everything from the actual relocation (how to transport your belongings or set up utilities) to living there (finding a job or…








island locations paradise place 

 





facts about our company? 





relocated

2358






moving team

289






positive feedback

100
%






relocation success

100
%















7 must-read books on hawaiian history, culture & modern life

 2020-02-15 author: hawaiitrails category: living in hawaii 
 

hawaii is one of the world’s most beautiful places. if you want to understand hawaiian culture, history, and modern life, you’ll find many excellent resources. these books offer insights that can make all aspects of this chain of islands easier to understand. whether you’re planning a short term visit, heading…


read more




how much does it really cost to live your dream life in hawaii?

 2020-02-09 author: hawaiitrails category: living in hawaii 
 

there is nothing more mesmerizing than the sunset at kailua beach or more captivating than the rains coming across the face of diamond head. moments like these capture the imagination of tourists and locals alike and make the aloha state a favorite destination. but, what if you want to make this paradise your…


read more




everything you need to know about finding a job in hawaii

 2020-01-30 author: hawaiitrails category: hawaii employment 
 

hawaii, for many people, is the perfect vacation spot. tourists may have considered traveling there for holidays, but many people are moving to hawaii because of the vast job market. it has already been considered one of the best cities to live in, and people that find themselves looking for jobs in…


read more




10 tips for moving to hawaii from the mainland

 2020-01-23 author: hawaiitrails category: moving to hawaii 
 

many people make the decision each year to relocate to hawaii from the mainland. it can be an enticing and adventurous move to make. whether for work or to live the island life, you need to consider many things before finalizing your move. below are some top tips to keep in mind when moving to hawaii.
1. choosing an island
while there are six livable islands in hawaii, there are only four that have a significant population and the resources to make your move easier for transitioning to island life.
the four main islands are hawaii, oahu, maui, and kauai. hawaii is the largest and most famous of the state and is why it holds the same name. it offers perfect beaches and diverse geography that will please any nature enthusiast. maui has lots of tourists and exciting things to do. kauai is the “the garden isle” and will offer you a small-town feel. it has beautiful green landscaping that you will love to see each day. oahu is home to the capital, honolulu. it offers a feeling similar to living on the mainland, but it offers more charm and a unique aloha feel. 
2. set your housing budget
it is an essential to-do, no matter where you move. however, it is especially true when moving from the u.s. mainland to hawaii because it is one of the more expensive places in the country to live. your cost of living will be higher than other states because of the island life it offers. when choosing an island to move to, set your monthly budget, and find an area that will be able to help you stick to it. 
3. set moving budget
moving to the island of hawaii will cost more for the move than moving inland. you will need to budget and plan appropriately for the move. moving can be a stressful process. you can avoid unnecessary stress by planning and finding the best options possible. below are some tips to make moving manageable and budget-friendly. 

plan ahead. plan as early as possible for all aspects of your move from packing to hiring a moving company. it will make it easier to stick to your budget and avoid coming across setbacks. 
get rid of things. before packing, get rid of as many of your belongings as possible. throw away anything not worth paying to pack and move. while preparing for your move, make a pile of things to donate and things to sell. if you can make extra money from selling items, you can put that money towards moving expenses. the fewer items to pack and have shipped, the less it will cost to relocate. 
shop around and compare. this tip is for your packing supplies and potential moving companies. compare multiple companies and the services they offer to find the best option for your move to hawaii. do not spend money on moving boxes unless you have to. find free boxes at grocery stores, offices, and on social media. 

4. your move to hawaii- getting everything set up beforehand
before moving day arrives, you need employment and a place to live already established. if you saved up enough money beforehand, you might be able to hold off on finding the perfect job until after you have settled in your new home. it is not advisable to move to hawaii from the mainland until you have saved up at least two months’ worth of living costs. you will also need to factor in your flight and movers into your budget. 
5. moving with your car
depending on the type of vehicle you have and its worth, it may make more sense financially to sell it before relocating and purchasing a new one. shipping your automobile from the mainland to hawaii can be very expensive and a tedious process to go through. 
6. moving with your pets
you cannot transfer without your precious pets. they are part of your family. safely moving them will require some extra planning. be sure your new home allows pets before finding a way to transport them. your pet will need to be quarantined after arrival unless you plan for the necessary shots and documentation months beforehand. do not expect your pet’s move with you if you are leaving in less than one month. 
7. to move large furniture or not
for most people, it makes more sense to sell large furniture and repurchase what you need once you move. if you do plan to take your furniture, disassemble it for easier packing and transport. 
8. avoid moving season
moving season is during the summer months. it is when movers charge more, shipping costs more, and flights are more expensive. if you can plan to move in the winter or fall months, you will save money. 
9. preparing for the culture of hawaii
hawaii is a bit different than the mainland. they offer a diverse culture expressed through theater, art, language, and many festivals. the culture is widely based on superstitions, age-old legends and is steep with traditions. 
10. enjoy hawaii!
once you have moved into your new place, found a job, and had your belongings safely shipped, its time to enjoy your new island life in the beautiful state of hawaii! soak it all in!


read more




8 best places to live in hawaii for those who love the outdoors

 2020-01-22 author: hawaiitrails category: living in hawaii 
 

although hawaii is ideal for anyone living an active life, there are some cities or towns that outshine the others. for instance, maui’s lahaina is beautiful and offers a variety of outdoor activities, such as beachcombing and snorkeling. however, other towns offer an extensive range of sightseeing, hiking, and exploring….


read more




moving to hawaii? here’s what to know about each of the major islands

 2020-01-17 author: hawaiitrails category: hawaii islands 
 

over the past few years, more and more people have been moving to hawaii. naturally, there are quite a significant number of factors that you need to consider. one of the more notable of these is which island people may want to move to when in hawaii. there are quite…


read more




how to set up your utility services in the island paradise of hawaii

 2020-01-15 author: hawaiitrails category: utility services in hawaii 
 

there is a robust residential population that lives in the five islands of hawaii, namely the big island (hawaii), maui, kauai, oahu, and molokai. if you are thinking of moving to any of these islands, one thing that you need to set-up is your utilities. you’ll want to fix these…


read more




what you need to know before backpacking big island national park

 2020-01-10 author: hawaiitrails category: hiking in big island national park 
 

big island national park is more formally known as hawaii volcanoes national park, located in hawaii, which is the state’s largest island. even though hawaii didn’t become a state until 1959, the park was established back in 1916. there are three active volcanoes on the park’s grounds: mauna loa, hualalai,…


read more




six stunning hiking trails with waterfall views on oahu

 2020-01-06 author: hawaiitrails category: oahu hiking trails 
 

if you are looking for stunning hikes that provide amazing waterfall views, the island of oahu is where you want to be. this hawaiian paradise is flush with an abundance of walks that will put you up close and personal with some of the world’s most beautiful waterfalls. here are…


read more




the definitive list of the top five hikes in maui

 2019-12-30 author: hawaiitrails category: hikes in maui 
 

maui is known for some of the best beaches in the world. not only is the water crystal clear in hawaii, but all types of nature blossom year-round. a variety of different birds populate maui, such as the wood harrier, ground-dwelling ibis, and even a sea eagle. you can find the…


read more





connect with us




follow us on facebook





follow us on twitter





follow us on instagram





follow us on linkedin





follow us on youtube





search for:





recent posts


7 must-read books on hawaiian history, culture & modern life


how much does it really cost to live your dream life in hawaii?


everything you need to know about finding a job in hawaii


10 tips for moving to hawaii from the mainland


8 best places to live in hawaii for those who love the outdoors


first time home buyer?








				copyright © 2025 hawaii trails. all rights reserved.
			

				check the site's privacy policy













