


front doors






























 



















n : exterior door (at the entrance) at the front of a building [syn: front entrance]

source: wordnet ® 2.0, © 2003 princeton university





email us your front door photos!!
frontdoors@gmail.com








permanent contributors

/t/, california

this month contributors



iris nelson, arizona (1)



last month contributors



bill owens, massachusetts (2)
micelle mitchell, england (2)
sherry (yellow rose), ga (1)
antónio caeiro, portugal (1)
nick tay, malaysia (1)
francisco ourique, portugal (1)
cynthia stead, u.s.a. (1)
iris nelson, arizona (1)
cheryl harris, u.s.a. (1)









blogs

/t/blog/

feeds

r.s.s. 2.0 by feedburner

buttons



add one of these to your site,
	click here for instructions.






	get more visitors with these blog exchange sites:

	
blogexplosion: largest blog exchange!

blogadvance: get 50 free credits!

blogsoldiers

blogclicker

	other blogware:

	
bloglines

ping my blog

blogcatalog

link2blogs

spampoison

blogtree







	designed by /t/and inspired by design of starwarscampout.
	powered by blogger.com
	images hosted by imageshack.us

	stats provided by site meter.
they recorded 






visitors since july 13, 2005

 







friday, december 16, 2005



front doors christmas break
this year in the summer i started this project front doors and in a short period of time we were able to attract a good number of regular readers of this blog. also we have a number of great contributors that keep sending in the photos that is keeping this blog always in the shape it is in. but of course it is taking quite a bit of time from my side and with quite a number of developments here i am forced to take some time off from this project. this means that the front doors will be closed for a christmas break and won't be updated till the end of the year.i have received quite a number of photos and they will be published in 2006, but for now it is going to be a little quiet here. please keep sending in photos because we will continue. in fact everyone that will be sending in photos during this closure i will reply with an email informing when the website has started publishing again. possibly there will be some renovations to the design as well.thanks for all your contributions! front doors wishes you a merry christmas and a wonderful new year filled with photos of the most beautiful doors on the planet.

		posted by /t/ at 
		6:29 am





sunday, december 11, 2005



front door of the month: november
it's today that i am announcing you the fourth front door of the month. and this month we got the most convincing winner. it has never been such a decisive eletion. almost all the votes that came in were for the winner. so herby i anounce the deserved winner of the title front door of the month november 2005: the door sent in by michelle mitchell of the door of the royal exchange in london.michelle mitchell has sent in several photos before and her entry this month was of a quality that made her the unmistakable winner. the photo was first placed on this blog on november 24th. congratulations michelle and thank you for the great contribution to this blog! i hope you keep sending in those great photos.please join me in congratulating michelle mitchell with her winning photo!!

		posted by /t/ at 
		5:33 am





friday, december 09, 2005



naples, ny
this is the front entrance to the widmer wine cellars in naples, ny. a century-old winery, widmer is now part of the largest wine conglomerate in the united states (constellation wines), but more interesting is its history. john jacob widmer, founder of widmer's wine cellars, came to naples from switzerland in 1882 and planted his first vines in naples valley in spring 1883. during the years of prohibition, widmer's wine cellars produced unfermented grape juice, fruit and wine jellies, syrups and kindred non-alcoholic products. a limited amount of wine was produced too, for sacramental and medicinal use. their grape juice barrels were sold with instructions of how "not" to make wine with it. widmer wines maintain an acknowledged position in the american wine industry. photo by cheryl harris.

		posted by /t/ at 
		9:12 am





monday, december 05, 2005



bisbee, az
this entrance was sent in by iris nelson. it's an entrance in the picturesque city of bisbee, az. bisbee was founded in 1880 and named after judge dewitt bisbee, a financial backer of the copper queen mine. this mining camp proved to be one of the richest mineral sites in the world, producing nearly three million ounces of gold and more than eight billion pounds of copper, not to mention the silver, lead and zinc that came from these rich mule mountains. by the early 1900s, the bisbee community was the largest city between st. louis and san francisco. when mining became unprofitable in the 70s the city slowly evolved into an attractive artist colony and retirement community emphasizing monthly special events and tourism.

		posted by /t/ at 
		9:14 pm





sunday, december 04, 2005



final three of november
as with this blog's tradition, we eliminate three photos of the first 6 nominees to come up with the final three of the month. and this month the final three are: 1. alenquer, portugal ; 2. chicago, il; 3. london, england.keep voting via comments or email until the 10th of this month when we will anounce the front door of the month. and ofcourse keep sending those photos. your photo might be the next front door of the month!

		posted by /t/ at 
		12:20 pm





thursday, december 01, 2005



front door of the month nominees
on this first of the month we will according to tradition with this blog announce the nominees for the front door of the month. last month we had to skip the tradition, so this month all entries for october were taken into consideration aswell for the front door of the month november. well here the are!the 6 nominees in alphabetic order are: 1. alenquer, portugal ; 2. buenos aires, argentina ; 3. chicago, il; 4. london, england ; 5. monseraz, portugal ; 6. selånger, sweden.your votes will determine who will enter the winner circle with the front door of the month, so please give me your comments here or by email.

		posted by /t/ at 
		1:23 am





wednesday, november 30, 2005



berlin, germany
in the german capital berlin you can find this entrance to the berliner dom, a building that was built in 1905. the german emperor wilhelm ii ordered the built of this cathedral, designed by julius raschdorff. 114 m long, 73 m wide and 116 m tall, it was much larger than any of the previous buildings on this site and was considered a protestant counterweight to the st. peter's basilica in rome. during the second world war, the building was bombed by the allies and severely damaged. a temporary roof was installed to protect what remained of the interior and in 1975 reconstruction started. the restoration of the interior was begun in 1984 and in 1993 the church reopened. during reconstruction, the original design was modified into a more simple form and less tall. photo by iris nelson.

		posted by /t/ at 
		1:28 am





 







 november 2005: michelle mitchell 
 september 2005: bill owens 
 august 2005: david miller 
 july 2005: antónio caeiro 
 you want your name here?
		email your photo of your front door to 
		frontdoors@gmail.com
		and try to become part of the winner circle!





front doors christmas break
front door of the month: november
naples, ny
bisbee, az
final three of november
front door of the month nominees
berlin, germany
truro, ma
alenquer, portugal
london, england




june 2005
july 2005
august 2005
september 2005
october 2005
november 2005
december 2005








<< home










free counter


© 2005 - www.kemme.tk - all material on this website is protected.
 







