

the grey havens - the ultimate j.r.r. tolkien resource web page






































monday, may 28th, 2007., 20:58 cet

 date: tuesday, april 17th, 2007.


the children of húrin

the first complete book by j.r.r. tolkien in three decades



	j.r.r. tolkien started imagining the world and mythology of middle-earth as early as 1916, and never ceased working on the stories and legends pertaining to this world until his death in 1973. out of this gigantic and constantly revised legendarium one tale in particular was published, like a window onto a moving landscape, the lord of the rings.

	the author wished for his third son, christopher tolkien, to become his literary executor after his death, and christopher's first task was to organize the huge volume of papers that j.r.r. tolkien had created during his lifetime ; the first published work on the subject to appear was the silmarillion in 1977. this work is an outline of the story and mythology of middle-earth in condensed form and, as such, gave tantalizing but very brief accounts of the creation of middle-earth, the birth of elves and of men, and many individual tales of which not least was that of the children of húrin and the tragic life of túrin turambar.

	christopher tolkien then pursued his study of his father's papers and developed in detail the history of the author's writings and the evolution of the mythical and legendary conceptions in the course of his lifetime, in unfinished tales (1980), and the twelve-volume the history of middle-earth (1983-1996). these works contain many unpublished writings by j.r.r. tolkien, but almost always as fragmented or incomplete versions.

	three »great tales« were to be of most considerable importance to j.r.r. tolkien in his creation of middle-earth: beren and lúthien, the fall of gondolin, and the children of húrin. as was to be expected, these tales exist in many unfinished and heavily reworked forms. as a culmination of thirty years' work on his father's papers, and having already published such fragmentary and condensed forms of the tale of túrin as part of the development of  »the history of middle-earth«, christopher tolkien has now succeeded in assembling the multiple variants, unfinished pieces, and outlines of the tale to produce a standalone and complete version, entirely in the author's original words. the work therefore is accessible both as a new and complete version of the text for the tolkien scholar, and as an entirely new tale from middle-earth for the tolkien reader who is not overly familiar with the great tales and mythology that are the roots of the lord of the rings.

the children of húrin takes the reader back to a time long before the lord of the rings, in an area of middle-earth that was to be drowned thousands of years before the story of the ring, and when the great enemy was still the fallen vala, morgoth, and sauron only his lieutenant. this heroic romance is the tale of the man, húrin, who dared to defy morgoth's force of evil, and his family's tragic destiny, as it follows his son túrin turambar's travails through the lost world of beleriand.

	the book is illustrated with colour plates by the renowned artist alan lee, and contains a map drawn by christopher tolkien of beleriand, as well as editorial notes on the text in appendices.
	

 read the original article "the children of húrin" at the tolkien estate.



 date: sunday, november 24th, 2002.


lure of the rings

the second installment of the tolkien trilogy is about to launch, and it's more action packed than its predecessor



	viewers, beware. the two towers, the dazzling second installment of the lord of the rings trilogy, picks up exactly where the first one left off. no star wars-style scroll to bring you up to speed, no quick compilation of scenes from the first film, no opening cate blanchett narration?nothing. it begins in medias res, as though you had just stepped out for a few seconds to get more popcorn. if you didn't see last year's the fellowship of the ring, peter jackson, the trilogy's wizardly director, isn't about to cut you any slack.

	"i know that new line (the studio releasing the films) would have preferred us to have a little catch-up," says the director, sitting in an office in wellington, new zealand, speaking in a cheerful kiwi accent and peering from behind a mop of curls and plate-size wire-rim glasses. "but i think that's a very tv kind of device. i figured the amount of people going to see two towers without seeing fellowship would be fairly minute. if you can't at least spend $3 or $4 to rent it before you see two towers, there's no point in going."

	you don't often hear directors telling you to stay away from their pictures. but jackson is the definition of a purist. for him, the two towers is not a sequel to the fellowship of the ring; it's simply the three-hour second act of an epic nine-hour trilogy called lord of the rings. the complete dvd should be available in, oh, 2004.

	at first, the co-chairmen of new line, bob shaye and michael lynne, weren't at all happy about the lack of any kind of pro- logue, but they ultimately relented. it was another of their epic gambles. "we ended up agreeing with him," says shaye, "because it wasn't the same old cliche, 'when last we saw the lone ranger...'"

	when last we saw jackson, one year ago, he was one very jittery kiwi. his lord of the rings trilogy was considered perhaps the riskiest endeavor in motion-picture history. based on j.r.r. tolkien's mythical sword-and-sorcery three-part novel, the movies were all filmed at once during a mammoth 15-month shoot. jackson, a relatively unknown director who seldom stepped foot outside new zealand and who was best known for quirky, low-budget films, was given a $270 million budget. the cost ultimately climbed to $310 million. if the first movie had tanked, then new line (which, like time, is owned by aol time warner) would have had two more bombs in the can, already ticking.

	"the pressures on us before the first film came out were, obviously, fairly extreme," says jackson, 41. "we never talked about that much. nonetheless, it was there with you every single day." the gamble paid off. fellowship turned out to be the second highest grossing film of 2001, just behind harry potter and the sorcerer's stone, and established jackson as the kiwi george lucas. the movie went on to gross $860 million worldwide and was honored with 13 oscar nominations, including best picture.

	fellowship was released only three months after the sept. 11 attacks, and its good-vs.-evil quest spoke to audiences looking for old-fashioned moral clarity. just as readers in the 1950s (when the books were published) found parallels to world war ii, and hippies of the 1960s delighted in tolkien's peace-loving hobbits, a new generation has embraced tolkien's nostalgic vision of a lost world, an imagined past both idyllic and brutal. indeed, the passion for the first movie and this one is part of a new american obsession with fantasy, a national journey to a mythical past where evil is punished and virtue rewarded (see following story).

	even though it's hardly in doubt that the two towers will be a smash at the box office, jackson is still on edge. "the pressure last year was, is the studio going to survive?" says the director. "the pressure this year is, are people going to like this one as much as the first one?" the answer is yes, or at least probably. fellowship was often quiet and deliberately paced. two towers is an unabashed action film. even ian mckellen, as the wizard gandalf, does his share of fighting. those who appreciate the finer points of tolkien's work may be taken aback by the new film's high-tech grandiosity. "it's impressive," says two towers star viggo mortensen, "but if you have that much emphasis on special effects, it's unavoidable that you'll lose some of the poetry and intimacy of the story." still, those who prefer grunting, beastly warriors brandishing scimitars to gently dancing hobbits will be thrilled. two towers, says jackson, "definitely isn't as cute (as fellowship). it has a much more gritty kind of edge to it."

	the film's vast scope ranges from the snowy, unspoiled peaks of middle-earth (shot in various new zealand locales) to the city of isengard (a composite of models and computer-generated imagery), which is destroyed? spectacularly? by a brigade of towering, treelike creatures known as ents. meanwhile, the hobbit hero frodo (elijah wood) continues his quest: he must destroy the magic ring before the dark lord sauron can use it to rule the world. aragorn (played by mortensen, who transforms himself before your eyes from brooding beefcake to full-blown movie star) embarks across the desolate plains of middle-earth to salvage what's left of mankind. arrayed against him is an armada of uruk-hai, armor-clanking warriors who make freddy krueger look positively cuddly. the battle of helm's deep, a rather brief episode in tolkien's book, becomes a battle for the survival of the human species and the breathtaking centerpiece of jackson's film.

	the director readily admits that of his three films, two towers departs most from tolkien's work. "we were aware that we were making films for the hard-core tolkien fan base as well as everyone else," says jackson, who co-wrote the script with philippa boyens and fran walsh. "in the beginning, it was a difficult tightrope to walk, but then we sort of abandoned thinking about it. if we make a good film, we'll be forgiven, whatever the crimes we commit to the book." arwen, the beautiful elf played by liv tyler, doesn't appear in the book. but in the film, jackson has love scenes between her and aragorn?a romance based on an appendix that tolkien later wrote about their doomed relationship.

	the love scenes were added last summer. though most of the trilogy was filmed during the initial shoot, which began in 1999, jackson has done additional filming for both fellowship and two towers. even after six weeks of reshoots last summer, the filmmakers felt they were still missing a scene that tied all of two towers' story lines together. last september boyens and walsh composed a monologue for sam, the hopeful hobbit played by sean astin, in which he urges frodo to stick with his mission. "there is good in the world, and it's worth fighting for," says sam. the writers first thought it was too corny. "doesn't that sound like something george bush would say?" says boyens. it's now one of the high points of the picture.

	the two towers leaves off, naturally, with a cliff-hanger, which will be resolved in the return of the king, the final installment, set for release next year. a rough cut of that movie has already been assembled and is in jackson's vaults. producer barrie m. osborne is trying to wrangle the cast back to new zealand for more shooting next summer.

	ask peter jackson how lord of the rings has changed his life, and he answers, "what life?" for five years, he has devoted himself to lord of the rings, always with walsh at his side. though they have never married, they share two children (kate, 6, and billy, 7) and a rambling old house overlooking the bay in wellington. they met at a screening of jackson's first movie, 1987's bad taste, a gross-out horror flick about human-eating space aliens. what in the world did walsh see in the young filmmaker? "i think it was the brain-eating sequence," says walsh, who was writing for television at the time and shares jackson's macabre sense of humor.

	the two began working together almost immediately. their screenplay for the brilliantly creepy 1994 heavenly creatures, about a well-known new zealand murder case, earned them an oscar nomination and put them on hollywood's radar. universal soon enlisted jackson to direct the frighteners, a 1996 horror-comedy starring michael j. fox. it didn't scare up much business, but it did enable jackson to add a computer division to weta workshop, the struggling special-effects company he had formed years earlier with richard taylor.

	hoping to make use of the newly enhanced facility, he began musing on the idea of a fantasy film. "i thought, nobody seems to be making those anymore," says jackson. "fran kept saying lord of the rings was the prototype (for fantasy), and if we can't think of something better, we shouldn't bother. eventually we came up with the obvious question: what's happening with lord of the rings? why don't we try doing that?"

	he and miramax chief harvey weinstein began planning a two-part adaptation of tolkien's trilogy. soon, however, weinstein got nervous about the cost. and jackson got nervous when weinstein suggested they scrunch the tale down to just one movie. in 1998 miramax allowed the filmmaker to shop the project to other studios, but on two strict conditions: whoever bought it would have just 72 hours to repay weinstein the $12 million he had spent on preproduction costs, and weinstein had to be guaranteed 5% of the gross.

	it was a tough sell. "harvey offered very severe terms," says ken kamins, jackson's agent at icm. "also, people thought peter was untested for something of this size." mark ordesky knew better. an executive at new line?and an old friend of jackson's?ordesky championed lord of the rings to his bosses, shaye and lynne. "everybody around the world knew about this series of books," says shaye, who suggested they should make three movies. "it was so wonderfully presold. it was like superman or batman." by making them all at once, they reasoned, the cost per film would be diminished; most of the stars, for example, would take just 1.5 times their usual fees for all three movies, effectively working for half price. the studio also followed its usual business practice of selling off international rights to cover production costs. new line's initial investment in the franchise was just about $25 million per movie.

	though jackson's contract dictates that each film be no longer than 2 hr. 20 min., new line agreed to a nearly 3-hr. running time for fellowship. "the question was, how good is the movie?" says lynne. "we all thought it was incredible." that's not to say that new line and jackson haven't had some strong disagreements. one of the most memorable battles was over the ending of fellowship; new line executives wanted a more action-packed finale. "but i don't think we ever got into a screaming contest," says shaye. jackson is getting more than 10% of the pictures' revenue, and much of that new fortune is being pumped back into his business. besides the special-effects house, he owns a production company, also based in wellington, and he is building a postproduction facility near his home. "ever since i was a kid dreaming about being a filmmaker," says jackson, "i've never imagined going to hollywood."

	earlier this year, jackson lost five weeks of valuable postproduction time glad-handing academy members in the u.s. to win oscar votes. "it was a rather unpleasant experience," he says. "if we're lucky enough to get any more nominations, i'll happily show up at the awards show, but i really don't want to do the parading around."

	jackson is also hoping his facilities will entice other hollywood filmmakers to pour money into the new zealand economy. some of tom cruise's next movie, the last samurai, will be shot there. jackson's empire is just a short drive down a winding mountain road from the house where he and walsh live. they are a curious couple; she is as thin as he is round, and they amuse each other endlessly. besides co-writing the screenplay, walsh directed bits of the trilogy. "we have very similar tastes, and that leads to an enormous amount of trust," says jackson. "these films are too big for one person." in a year he and walsh will be nearly finished with lord of the rings, and they are already planning their next project. jackson says it will be closer to the scale of heavenly creatures. "he owes me a small one after this," says walsh. there's nothing small about what they have accomplished so far.

 read the original article "lure of the rings" by jess cagle.



 welcome to the grey havens, the ultimate web page dedicated to j.r.r. tolkien's magnum opus.
 originally, this page was created by ingwe and it was called the ultimate j.r.r. tolkien resource page.
 now its name is the grey havens and it is webmastered by cirdan.
 all graphics and layout by zvonimir tosic.
 many thanks to erik tracy and helge k. fauskanger for the articles, to gregory g. greene for the pictures and to daniel steven smith for the fonts. all hildebrandt tolkien art copyrighted greg and tim hildebrandt, all rights reserved.


number of visitors so far:




		optimized for all browsers available. i hope.
		best viewed in resolution 800x600 pixels, 16 bpp color and times new roman font size 12.




		this site is maintained and copyrighted (c) 1996-2002, by cirdan.
		all rights reserved. hosted by cro.net.











the children of húrin (deluxe edition)


the lord of the rings: the return of the king (platinum series special extended edition)


the lord of the rings: the two towers (platinum series special extended edition)


the lord of the rings: the fellowship of the ring (platinum series special extended edition)


 may 28th, 2007.
	decided to upgrade board software. conversion went withouth a hitch but if you notice any problems please report them.


 board is back up. it's been stable for three days now so... it's 18:50 an' all's well! now to fix perl scripts...

 board is down. my wpp is moving so it'll be down for a while longer. sorry for the inconvenience.

 in an incredible attack of stupidity i managed not to backup my e-mail before reinstalling; lost thirty-something e-mails. if you are still waiting for a reply please fill my feedback form again. sorry.

 whoops! my ".procmailrc" wasn't configured propperly so it bounced all e-mails; even the legitimate feedback. sorry. i found it a bit suspicious that i haven't received any feedback in a year or so. :-)
	also, if you registered an account on my web board and haven't received activation e-mail within twenty-four hours you can contact me and i'll activate your account manually. there's a "minor" issue with my wpp and phpbb is unable to send e-mails. hopefully, it'll be resolved sometime soon.

 long time no update, eh? still no new articles but there's a dvd of "the two towers" - platinum series extended edition - available on amazon.com. that should tie you over 'till the third movie hits the cinemas.
	there are a dozen or so clips from "the return of the king" available on the internet, so you might want to look for those clips.

 nothing to update, really. a news or two and that's all. which is amazing when you consider that we'll have a premiere in three weeks! well, there's the "platinum series extended edition" but that's nothing new. however, if you still didn't get it do so now! it's great! although i often say that we, tolkien fan(atic)s would be happy with half an hour of still shots of actors and places this "platinum series extended edition" is a tangible improvement over the original release.

 no more exams (for a few months anyway) so it's time for an update or two.
search engine is up and running once again so please try to use it before asking questions.
	my web board's database is automatically backed up every day at midnight - all it took was a wee bit of fiddling with "cron".
	no real news on the movie front - you can download "the two towers" trailer from the official website.

 it's... lemme see... twelve o'clock and all's well! (and no, i'm not making it up, it really is 12:00). board is up, database is intact, shell account is working once again as it should, i'm still a genius... :-)

 i'm having problems with my wpp; the board is down (i backed it up on the 31st of may, so, worst case scenario, we loose 15 days worth of posts) and i'm having problems with my shell account. more to come...

 on a more personal note... i'd like to say "hi!" to my brother and his family - they emigrated to australia. so... hi! :-)

 i installed ".procmailrc" filters on my e-mail account. i don't accept attachments anymore (too many viruses filling my inbox) nor do i accept inexplicitly addressed e-mail anymore (waaay to many spammers filling my inbox). if your e-mail gets bounced you'll receive notification (alas, some isps filter out such messages). you must put my e-mail address in "to:" or "cc:" field before trying again. if you tried sending me attachments you must contact me so i can whitelist you before retrying.

 updated my pictures section. links to "the lidless eye" image archive are temporarily (i hope) removed; it's been down for some time now (lawyers, need i say more?). on a brighter note... i've scanned igor kordej's cover of the croatian edition of "the silmarillion".

 fresh from the mint:
 can balrog's fly?, by don dueck,
 bombadil discovered, by barb beier,
 who were the istari?, by nate gershaneck,
 where did the hobbits come from?, by mark berlin, and
 why did gandalf choose bilbo baggins to acompany thorin?, comment by augustus bartran.







