

wholesale men's blazers and women's blazers, blazer jackets and career apparel.














 





your source for a full
          range of men's and women's career apparel, uniforms and blazer programs plus upscale personal clothing at wholesale - discounted pricing


toll free (888) 322-7469 
          tel (412) 273-3444 / fax (412) 421-2145
sales@blazerdepot.com 



     general order rorm   
men's blazer order form   
ladies blazers order form  
youth blazers order form 








 
for
            men



blazers & sportcoats



 
trousers



 
tuxedos/formal wear


 
 




for
            women



blazers & sportcoats



 
tuxedo coats & pants



 
slacks



 
 


 
for children



new school uniforms 
boys' and girls' harvard blazers


 
 
 
for everyone



tv, movie, stage and reunion
          outfits



 
academic regalia - caps & gowns 



 
skimmer
                hats



 
custom blazers



 
logos & emblems



 
 
 
about us 






 
 

.













 
.


 red blazers 


 gray blazers 


 burgundy blazers


 camel blazers / beige 


 brown blazers 


 royal blue blazers 


 navy blue blazers 
 black blazers 


 hunter green blazers


 gold blazers 


 purple blazers 


 pink blazers 


 carolina blue blazers 


 white blazers 


 augusta green blazers 


 orange blazers 


 kelly green blazers 





 men's and women's career apparel, uniforms, blazers, sportcoats and upscale personal attire - including big and tall sizes. wholesale group pricing for corporations, organizations, churches and schools.  
now accepting individual orders! 
 

 
featuring men's sizes 34-64 (including short, regular, long, and extra long) and women's sizes 0-30 (petite, missy and tall), we have matching blazer jackets available in most every size available, including short, average, and big & tall. 
plus children's school uniform blazers and academic regalia - cap and gown sets - for students and faculty members.
 



 
blazer depot is your best source for wholesale career apparel, church usher uniforms and upscale personal apparel. 
we carry a full line of blazers and sportcoats for men and women and children including many hard-to-get colors such as 
 
gold, royal blue, purple, orange, gray, brown, burgundy (maroon), camel - beige, red, white,  hunter green, carolina blue (light blue), kelly green and augusta green


men's and women's green blazers 
 




royal blue blazers
 
 

pink blazers
 


 
plus blazer jackets in  navy blue, light blue, black, gray,  seafoam, artillery red,  wheat, forest green, black, tan and olive green. 
 


men's and women's gold blazers 
 
full fit blazers are no problem for blazer depot. in addition to regularly sized blazers, we also offer plus-size blazers for men, plus-size blazers for women, and petite size blazers for women. our men's plus-size blazers go up to size 64  and our women's plus-size blazers go up to size 30. best of all, our plus-size blazers and jackets are available in the same colors as our regular sized blazers, from the traditional navy, black, gray, and burgundy to  our new stylish blazer colors gold, purple, orange, camel, white, etc. 
 

purple blazers for ladies and for men 
 
 
 

white blazers for men and women 
 
in addition to blazers and sportcoats, blazer depot also sells wholesale men's and women's formal wear (tuxedo shirts, tuxedo coats, tux pants, formal vests, etc.) and will be happy to assist you with your uniforms or career apparel program.

 

we work with companies, organizations and schools; churches, country clubs, choruses and bands; airlines, hotels and cruise ships; costumers, fraternal organizations and teams wishing to look their best! 

red blazers 
 
because we specialize in group sales (bulk orders), and offer blazer jackets and sportcoats at wholesale prices, a twelve-piece minimum  applies to receive the discounted blazer price shown on each page. samples or individual blazer jacket or sportcoat orders will be accepted for a nominal $5.00 surcharge. 
in addition to blazers and sportscoats, we can also supply you with emblems, crests, and embroidery with your logo, for your school blazers or corporate blazer or career apparel / uniform program.
 

 

men's and women's blazers including plus-size blazers 
 
 
for school uniforms, blazer depot carries an extensive line of school blazers -- boy's and girl's blazers suitable for logos, bullion emblems and embroidery. children's blazers never looked better! 






 



(navy blue blazer shown with embroidered logo) 
 

school blazers in red




 

 
 
 

men's orange blazer

 

carolina blue blazers / powder blue blazers 
 
 

 
burgundy (maroon) blazers for women
 
 

camel  blazers (beige blazers)  for men and women 

 
 

blazer depot, your source for blazers and sportcoats, career apparel and uniforms for: 
sales staff, security uniforms, 
        stadiums 
        conventions, 
        colleges, church
        choruses, 
        choir, bands, country clubs
        corporate apparel
 blazers 
        employee rewards programs 
        hotels and hospitality servers, 
        airlines
        - ships - cruise ships 
        reunion blazers - student ambassador blazers 
        school uniform blazers 
        church uniforms - usher uniform - church blazers
        graduation gowns and college regalia 
        team blazers, 
        fraternity blazers 
        washable blazers and personal apparel



  
 


order form (.pdf) order form (.html)
 
 

men's and women's  blazers with emblems
augusta
        green blazers 
embroidered blazers 
 
 

gray blazers 
 
 

royal blazers
 
additional web resources:
black blazers black blazers 
        blazers and sportcoat blazers and sportcoat 
        blazers and sportcoats blazers and sportcoats 
        blazers boy's blazers boys 
        blazers for church blazers for church 
        blazers girl's blazers girls 
        blazers men blazers men 
        blazers men's men's blazers 
        mens blazers men's blazers 
		mens blue blazers men's blue blazers 
		blazers women blazers women 
        blazers women's women's blazers 
        burgundy blazers burgundy blazers 
        career apparel blazers career apparel blazers 
        children's blazers children's blazers 
        church blazers church blazers 
        grey blazer grey blazer
        red blazers red blazers
        royal blue blazers royal blue blazers 
        carolina blue blazers carolina blue blazers 
        uniforms blazers uniform blazers
school uniforms
 

women's red blazer and men's gray blazer 
by blazer depot 
 
 


 

 
 





 
 
 
 
 
 






