




enjoy massachusetts - restaurants reviews, hotels, events



























enjoy massachusetts

massachusetts beauty in every season


start





home
regions

berkshires
boston
cape & islands
fall river
north boston
south boston
springfield
worcester


sports

bruins
celtics
patriots
red sox


activities

diners
events
local bands
golf
restaurants
skiing
wineries


photos and fun

foliage
books
jokes


recipes

recipes
thanksgiving


blog







welcome to massachusetts!

					massachusetts has been home to beautiful landscapes and fascinating people since before written history. the mohegans, wampanoags, and narragansets treasured the rippling brooks and mossy hills. some even claim that vikings landed here a thousand years ago. in modern times there are kayakers, hikers, photographers, painters, poets, and a myriad of other talented people who call massachusetts home. come visit us, and share in the stunning history and cutting-edge modern-day amenities which we offer!
					
					* * *
					
2025 massachusetts us senators and us representative - 2/7/2025 10:57:41 pm



if you are a resident of massachusetts, you have two senators in the us senate representing you. these two senators both represent the entire state of massachusetts.


in addition, you have one representative speaking for you in the us house of representatives. they represent a specific region of massachusetts. massachusetts is split up into nine separate districts. for example, cape cod and the islands (and some nearby mainland) are in district 9.


as of january 2025 our two us senators are:


elizabeth warren, us senator


ed markey, us senator


in the house of representatives, you'll need to look at the massachusetts map to figure out which representative handles your area. that listing can be found at:


https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_united_states_representatives_from_massachusetts


sign up for their newsletters. follow them on social media. let them know your thoughts on issues.


that is how democracy works.





blog history |  










natural beauty

from the roar of the ocean to the quiet forests where henry david thoreau relaxed, massachusetts has it all.




sports

boston's fenway park is home of the red sox.




activities

from skiing in the winter to kayaking and fishing in the summer, there's something for everyone.




foliage

autumn in massachusetts is something you'll never forget.








what's new
come see what massachusetts has to offer for you today!





nantucket


								beautiful any time of year, nantucket has a special charm in the spring when the daffodils brighten the cobblestone streets and the cherry blossoms are in bloom.
							




plum island


								the northeastern corner of massachusetts features fantastic fishing and beautiful landscapes. plum island is a stopover point for migrating birds and is perfect for a day-trip of walking, photography, and kayaking.
							




worcester


								worcester's a beautiful mill town with classic architecture, museums, and beautiful parks. purgatory chasm in sutton, just south of worcester, is a fantastic place to hike for the day.
							




				all written content on this site is written personally by me lisa shea and copyright (c) to me lisa shea. i strongly support the rights of authors and do not allow my content to be used or ingested by ai programs such as chatgpt to be used without attribution or recompense.
				
nearly all images on this site are personally created or taken by me lisa shea and copyright (c) to me lisa shea. there are times that i used fully licensed stock images depending on the content of my articles. in those situations i will credit the stock company i acquired the image from. i do not use ai-generated images, unless the specific purpose of the essay is to discuss the ethical issues of ai-generated images, in which case i will clearly indicate that.

			








get the latest news!

join us in our communities to learn about upcoming specials and events!

facebook
youtube
pinterest
contact us





all content copyright 2024 lisa shea / minerva webworks llc. all rights reserved.








