
















craven county | official website








 















skip to main content


















create a website account - manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more.   

website sign in













 











    





 
 













search







 
 
 


    government      departments      services      community      how do i...  


 

 

 

 

 





 














employmentview and applyfor county jobs








notify me® sign up forcitizen alerts








contact uscontact thecounty offices








mapsexplore maps ofcraven county








bill payview and payyour bill online










 
 
 





















ns a new window. 



 
 
 







news








craven county senior services is moving to a temporary location 

craven county senior services is undergoing much-needed renovations to its building. while the renovations are ongoing, senior services will temporarily move to 408 hancock street, new bern, nc 28560.				read on...




craven county board of commissioners elects new chair and vice chair 

on monday, december 3, 2024, at the annual reorganization meeting, the craven county board of commissioners elected commissioner dennis “denny” bucher as chairman and commissioner jason r. jones as vice chairman.				read on...




carts update at the new bern-craven county public library 

starting monday, december 16, the carts bus stop at the library will relocate to the rear of the building from the corner of craven and johnson streets.				read on...




craven county provides mutual aid for hurricane helene recovery efforts 

craven county employees from seven departments traveled west to provide mutual aid in western north carolina for hurricane helene.				read on...




craven county honors nan holton for outstanding service 

craven county recently celebrated the career of clerk to the board of commissioners nan holton.				read on...




free narcan training in havelock - august 27 

craven county opioid epidemic response will host a free and open-to-the-public narcan training from 6 p.m. to 7:30 p.m. on tuesday, august 27 at the havelock recreation center located at 1 recreation drive in havelock.		additional info...





view all




/civicalerts.aspx


  
 







quick links







current board and commissions vacancies



revaluation 2023 information



opioid information



recycling schedule and information







vehicle registration gap property tax notice



media releases



know your zone (evacuation lookup tool)



emergency notifications sign-up





view all




/quicklinks.aspx



 
 
 






how can i help you today?










 
 
 









 














406 craven street, new bern, nc 28560-4971
 






  
 


  











facebook
twitter
pinterest
delicious
blogger
linkedin






 











home
my account
printer friendly
email page
contact us
rss
site map
translate page
notifications
documents






 

  
 





 
 







site links







home



site map



contact us



accessibility



copyright notices



privacy policy



government websites by civicplus®









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 
 










 
 
 




















loading









				loading
			


do not show again
close





















  







arrow left



arrow right





[]



slideshow left arrow





slideshow right arrow









