





chicago immigration lawyer, criminal defense attorney, illinois dui lawyer, michael baker 312-714-2800, 847-282-4723 chicago, northwest suburban law firm












practice areas

illinois dui lawyer
chicago dui lawyer dui court & traffic ticketcriminal
          defense attorneys
chicago immigration lawyer
chicago immigration court 
skokie dui lawyer rolling meadows dui lawyer
practice links 

illinois dui lawyerdui lawyers
              chicago
chicago
              criminal attorneys 
dl suspension, reinstatement rdpimmigration & naturalization 
citizenship & immigration (cis)
deportation removal defense  
expunge or seal criminal record-illinois









illinois criminal & dui lawyer 
skokie dui lawyer, traffic court 
rolling meadows dui lawyers
immigration lawyers 
filing fees (uscis forms)
nsc processing
      dates
chicago cis processing
visa bulletin
permanent
      resident green card > civil surgeons, illinois 
 blog: law updates,
      discussion
follow me on twitter: @mikebakerlaw




the law offices of michael baker is
      a chicago based  law firm serving individuals and 
      and foreign corporate clients. our areas of practice include: immigration
      and naturalization law, criminal defense and dui (driving under the influence of alcohol), traffic and reinstatement.
we represent businesses, law firms, educational institutions, and individuals in the u.s. and abroad in all areas of immigration law.
      
      we represent employers seeking temporary and permanent visas for key employees and managers; entrepreneurs and investors seeking visas to manage their investments; multinational companies seeking to transfer key employees and managers to the u.s.; and companies seeking to avoid employer sanctions. we also represent individuals seeking temporary and permanent status in the u.s. for themselves and their families; seeking naturalization as u.s. citizens; and seeking defense in removal (deportation) proceedings. 
we represent clients charged with felony & misdemeanor crimes and dui (driving under the influence of alcohol, drugs). we advocate for license reinstatement, reduced charges, and dismissal of charges. we handle traffic violations including speeding tickets, reckless driving, and driving without a license. we assist clients at hearings before the illinois secretary of state with driver's license issues including reinstatement, obtaining a restricted license to drive, and reduction of license suspension periods. from offices in chicago and the  northwest suburbs,  we offer responsive
      service across a broad spectrum of civil and criminal matters. 









about  | rss |  disclaimer | español | client testimonials | contact



111 w. jackson blvd. suite 1700 • chicago, il • 60604 // voice: 312-714-2800 // fax: 312-277-6868
northwest and south suburban offices// voice: 847.282.4723  //  email: inqu...@mikebakerlaw.com




 published:
    mon, march 29, 2021
  | chicago | ©2013








