





wyandot nation of kansas – wyandot.org

































wyandot nation of kansaswyandot.orgour story
history

timeline
wyandot history in kansas

agreement with the delawares and wyandot {1843, dec. 14}
emigrant tribes to kansas


quindaro

brief history of the quindaro


canada

another perspective on the reconcilliation in midland ontario
cecile wallace takes son in indian tradition
celebration of the word
champlain’s account of the battle of 1615
craigleith and the birth of the historic wyandot tribe
history of the huron people to 1614
history revisited by descendants
`petun’ and the petuns


michigan and ohio

excerpt from american notes, charles dickens
farewell to a beloved land


wyandot treaties

chippewa treaty with the wyandot, etc., 1785.
the treaty of greenville:
address of tarhe, grand sachem of the wyandot nation to the assemblage at the treaty of greenville
treaty with the wyandot, etc. {1805, july 4}
treaty with the wyandot, etc. 1815, sept. 8
treaty of the rapids of the miami of lake erie with the wyandot, seneca, delaware, shawnee, potawatomi, ottawa, and chippewa on september 29, 1817
treaty with the wyandot {1818, sept. 20}
treaty of mccutcheonville, ohio with the wyandot on january 19, 1832
treaty with the wyandot {1836, apr. 23}
treaty with the wyandot {1850, apr. 1}
treaty of washington d.c. with the wyandot on january 31, 1855


missions to the wyandots

methodist missions to the wyandot indians
jesuit missions to the wyandot indians

antoine daniel 1601 – 1648
a neutral point
brebeuf – a giant in huronia
brebeuf’s instructions to the missionaries
black robe blinds viewers to canadian history
charles garnier 1606 – l649
estienne annaotaha: the unwanted hero
eustace ahatsistari: the bravest of the braves
friends of god
gabriel lalemant 1610 – 1649




maps


culture

wyandot language files
lifestyle, textile, craft

huron armour
huron bead ethnolinguistics


ancestors

gallery of wyandot ancestors
families

clark(e)

hiram northrup






genealogy


sacred sites

wyandot burials
cemeteries

huron indian cemetery – kansas city kansas
huron indian cemetery chronology
photos of huron indian cemetery
fort conley
three sisters’ defense of cemetery continued for nearly forty years
“when can they rest?”
curse may play role in cemetery combat
lyda conley’s legal argument to preserve the huron indian cemetery
lawyer for indians says huron exhumption possible
kansas governor bill graves letter to bruce babbitt
first burial in old quindaro cemetery
hurons reunite after 350 years: hundreds from across north america gather in ontario homeland to rebury wendat ancestors’ bones
huron indian cemetery format
casino

kansan still opposes tribal casino
tribes spar over casino at cemetery


whose child is this? speculation regarding huron infant burial




government

contact us
executive council
constitution and by-laws
committees
membership

membership inquiries


privacy policy


events
freedoms frontier grant
12.05.2024 by judith manthe //  
the wyandot nation of kansas’s grant from freedoms frontier award was received by chief judith manthe!

categories // uncategorized omakyehstih collective
11.18.2024 by judith manthe //  

monumenta and the wyandot nation of kansas are thrilled to announce the selected artist collective to create the monument trespassers beware! fort conley and wyandot women warriors:
omakyehstih collective we are gathered together
the omakyehstih collective presented their concept to wyandot nation of kansas leaders, and members of wyandot/wyandotte bands. the expansive, engaging multimedia concept was approved and celebrated across community groups and project partners.
the omakyehstih collective is bettizane “bz” smith me(n)didehti, justine kanzawah smith and rane wilson, representing three generations of enrolled members of the wyandotte nation of oklahoma. together they bring unique specializations and creative practices to telling the conley story through a monumental public art project.
head over to our website https://www.monumentaart.org/omakyehstihcollective to read more about the collective, to see their monument concept, and to read more about what’s happening with trespassers beware!
congrats to the omakyehstih collective!
first ph: members of omakyehstih collective & trespassers beware! team at finalist presentation: neysa page-lieberman (monumenta), artist justine kanzawah smith, chief judith manthe (wyandot nation of kansas), artist rane wilson, professor tai edwards (johnson county community college)

categories // uncategorized monumenta artshere grant
10.24.2024 by judith manthe //  

exciting news! we’re thrilled to share that the wyandot nation of kansas in partnership with monumenta is one of 112 recipients of an artshere grant. this new national endowment for the arts program strengthens organizations’ capacity for community engagement and boosts arts participation for underserved groups and communities.
the awarded project “trespassers beware: fort conley and wyandot women warriors” unveils in fall 2025. head to our links below to see our press release and more info on the monumenta site! more about the wyandot nation at wyandot.org
wyandot nation of kansas and monumenta give big thanks to @neaarts @southartsorg @midamericaartsalliance and congratulate all of the grantees across the country. more here:
artshere.org
we have big news
to share!!!

categories // uncategorized 1
2
3
next page »

search website

wnk expresses gratitude to freedom’s frontier

copyright © 2025 · modern studio pro on genesis framework · wordpress · log in









