



arpe & interwork institute





















































  
jump to navigation



accessibility



search this site: 





















coe home

main menuhome
degrees
certificates
training
programs
about
vrtac-qm























susan (left), a csa support facilitator, stepped in to keep kathy from losing her employment.











dr. caren sax interviewed in the series of ada interviews from ability magazine!











$16.5m grant furthers sdsu’s national leadership in vocational rehabilitation











the u.s. department of education rehabilitation services administration (rsa) will provide the funding over five years to support a new center, housed in sdsu’s interwork institute











faculty in the department of administration, rehabilitation and postsecondary education received two u.s. department of education rehabilitation services administration grants to help sdsu address the need for qualified vocational rehabilitation counselors.











palauba17 cohort in dec 2020











full palau ma cohort with sdsu president de la torre, associate vice president alfaro, drs. theresa lally and caren sax in 2022











palau ma cohort graducation cake in 2022











 
 




sdsu arpe and interwork institute - the year in review: 2024

click this link to view the presentation of arpe and interwork institue 2024 review. 
click this link to view the presentation of ii-cdl 2024 review.


 



read more


dr. degeneffe has been named fellow of the american psychological association (apa)

two san diego state university college of education professors have earned a significant national honor in the field of psychology. samuel song and charles degeneffe have both been named fellows of the american psychological association (apa).
with more than 157,000 members, apa is the nation's top scientific and professional organization in the field of psychology. fewer than 5% earn the title of fellow.


 



read more


sdsu team leads national effort to advance equity in vocational rehabilitation

rehabilitation counseling faculty members mark tucker and mari guillermo received a $4.5 million federal grant to work with agencies in 10 states.
associate professor mark tucker (’99) and assistant professor mari guillermo (’91) from sdsu’s department of administration, rehabilitation and postsecondary education have been awarded $4.5 million from the u.s. department of education, rehabilitation services administration (rsa) to fund project rise-up, which stands for rehabilitation improvements in services and employment for underserved populations.


 



read more


sdsu rehabilitation counseling program no. 3 in united states!

the san diego state university (sdsu) rehabilitation counseling program is number 3 in the united states!
 
this is the highest ranking in the history of the program. today's ranking is a tremendous achievement and an indication of the impact and quality of the program that all of our stakeholders are part of including students, alumni, staff, field site supervisors, advisory committee members, research collaborators, grant funders, the college of education dean's office, emeritus faculty, and current faculty members.
 


 



read more


 information sessions for rehabilitation counseling program applicants

the rehabilitation counseling program will be holding in-person and virtual open house meetings that prospective applicants can attend to meet our faculty, learn more about the program, and ask questions:
in-person open house meeting:
	time: dec 6, 2024 5:00 pm – 7:00 pm pacific time
	location: interwork institute, 6367 alvarado court, suite 350, san diego, ca 92120


 



read more


 jim warne:"native perspectives" film featured on nfl pre-game




 



read more


nrli recruiting new cohort

  san diego state university’s interwork institute, with co-sponsorship by csavr, ncsab and vrtac-quality management, announces the the national rehabilitation leadership institute’s
22nd executive leadership seminar in rehabilitation administration


 



read more


 



information for:

capromise
california career innovations
creative support alternatives
exceptional family resource center
 




announcements










rehabilitation counseling program crc exam study group









 
 




 
  
  l
  




          arpe & interwork institute6367 alvarado court, suite 350, san diego, california 92120



about this site
disclaimers
accessibility
sitemap



xhtml | css
diversity
jobs
emergency








from los angeles
from downtown sd




document reader
arpe & interwork institute © 2014 | employee login









