



www.makehimpay.net




















    
	 www.makehimpay.net
	
  
teaching bad boys to behave, the hard way.





february 25, 2010




 www.makehimpay.net makehimpay
	 
    


labels: makehimpay.net



posted by www.makehimpay.net at 1:35 pm
0 comments






september 24, 2006





 dear abby, please advise.
	 



i came across an article by the "dear abby" writer called: "wife calls foul in friends' game of show and tell." here is a section of the article where the viewer is laying down her problem:it seems like whenever we get together, alice manages to bring up the subject of sex. in the past i'd ignore it, but the last time it happened she began talking about how ted had taken pictures of her after sex. then she stared at bob and asked, "would you like to see them?" abby, my husband responded, "sure!"at that point i lost it. i told bob his response was extremely rude and showed no concern for my feelings. everyone tried to make light of what happened. i realize that alice may have an issue, but was i wrong to state my feelings?here is "dear abby's" advice:you were right to make your feelings known, but your anger should have been aimed at alice, not your curious spouse. if i had to guess, i'd say alice and ted probably have an open marriage, and they have been trying to "enlist" you and bob for some time. unless this is your cup of tea — which i doubt — wake up and cool it with this "adventurous" couple.you can read the full article here.the advice dear abby gives to this woman is just ridiculous to me. actually it got me pretty mad. in the full article it says this couple has been married for 35 years. i can't imagine some one being married, presumably to the one they love, for 35 years without catching some kind of clue about that persons thoughts and feelings. i have to disagree with abby when she says, "...your anger should have been aimed at alice, not your curious spouse."i'm sure some irritation directed towards "alice" would be understandable but is she really the one who can directly effect the health of this marriage? of course not. is "alice" supposed to be the one who is most in tune with the wife's feelings? of course not. can a man really be struck with such debilitating force from mild curiosity that it overtakes his memory of the last 35 years? absolutely not.so according to abby the wife was right for being mad in this situation but wrong to hold her husband accountable because, as its widely becoming know, men are powerless in the face of mild curiosity and cannot be responsible thereafter for what they do. if this advice were applied to real life then this poor wife would have a daunting task of warding off all possible kryptonite that may grab her husbands curiosity.dear abby, how does a couple build a loving, lasting relationship if one of them is considered unable to take the others feelings into account?from,wondering on the web join the discussion for this topic



posted by www.makehimpay.net at 6:30 am
5 comments






september 01, 2006





 who tends to seek revenge more often after a bad break up, men or women?
	 



join this discussiondo you think the motives differ between men and women who seek revenge after a bad break up? when men get revenge what are they thrying to accomplish? are they the same thoughts women have that compell an act of payback?if you have an opinion or feel you have some insight you can join this topic with the link above.



posted by www.makehimpay.net at 3:59 pm
1 comments






august 05, 2006




 woohoo
	 
    


we're back!



posted by www.makehimpay.net at 2:15 am
0 comments






july 20, 2006




 stupid ex? makehimpay.net!
	 
    


teaching bad boys to behave, the hard way!the www.makehimpay.net main site is where you'll find our videos and photos of the week (<-funny), spy tools and free cheat checking services, relationship advice, my stories and your stories too, revenge ideas and tips plus more. we'll make you laugh again even if you're going through a breakup that inspires thoughts of bleach and duct tape (he he he)! every service (<-lots), all the tools and even all of the funny sh*t is completely free so come over and chat it up at the the main site . enjoy!



posted by www.makehimpay.net at 3:38 pm
3 comments






july 01, 2006




 live tv break-up
	 
    






posted by www.makehimpay.net at 12:29 pm
4 comments






june 30, 2006




 join our live call-in podcast show!
	 
    


www.makehimpay.net's live call-in podcast show!hosted by www.talkshoe.comwe welcome all of our visitors with questions about love and relationships to call-in on our live podcast show and ask away! its a lot of fun so don't hesitate! disclaimer: we are not professional doctors or therapists. the advice we give is based on our own personal experiences and opinions and should be taken as such.live podcast shows are limited to 25 participants at a time. callers are given access to our show on a first come first serve basis, so call-in as soon as it goes live at the scheduled time on talkshoe. in order to access the show you must register on the talkshoe site before hand.once you've registered you can view our our talkcast show details via their site. you will also have to log on at the start of the podcast and use the "join" button in order for us to know you're there.we recommend listening in on other live podcast shows on the talkshoe site when you register so you will be familiar with using the service when its time to join our show.upcoming show details:date: july 1st time: 5:00 pm eastern time (2:00 pacific time) description: relationship advice for your call-in questions! register here first our talkcast showget an email reminder on the day of the show by using the form on this page. if you have any questions, comments or need help using the talkshoe software feel free to email us or simply leave a comment for this post and we'll reply as quick as possible. looking forward to talking with you guys! 



posted by www.makehimpay.net at 4:42 am
0 comments






june 25, 2006




 poor guys :(
	 
    


this is how a guys brain reacts when the slightest thought of sex creeps in:from the photo of the week collection at www.makehimpay.netmore from the collection



posted by www.makehimpay.net at 4:59 pm
1 comments






april 12, 2006




 loveline live with dr. drew and guest danny bonaduce
	 
    


dr. drew and guest danny bonaduce answer a callers question about why men cheat.



posted by www.makehimpay.net at 8:44 pm
1 comments






april 06, 2006




 tony soberon is available!
	 
    


surely you remember tony soberon.if you don't remember him this video should jolt your memory:tony's debut song!guess what ladies, he's available!and (going by his russian bride profile) he's only 30 and divides his time between being a movie producer and a lawyer...what a catch!



posted by www.makehimpay.net at 1:57 am
1 comments






april 03, 2006




 a message to karl from kelly:
	 
    


a message to karl from kelly: "you’re an ugly liar!"enjoy it mr. pants on fire! this message is for you...click below for kelly's audio message!



posted by www.makehimpay.net at 6:57 pm
2 comments












about me

name:  www.makehimpay.net 
location:  nevada, united states 
view my complete profile

 recommended
www.makehimpay.netthe main site!
test your man withthe cheat checker

 links

www.makehimpay.net
discussion forum 
test your manhood
send sms text
spy tools
photo of the week
stories you cannot tell
that girl emily
aaron's affair stories

 previous posts

www.makehimpay.net makehimpay
dear abby, please advise.
who tends to seek revenge more often after a bad b...
woohoo
stupid ex? makehimpay.net!
live tv break-up
join our live call-in podcast show!
poor guys :(
loveline live with dr. drew and guest danny bonaduce
tony soberon is available!

 archives

february 2006
march 2006
april 2006
june 2006
july 2006
august 2006
september 2006
february 2010












  













