








tusculum university | affordable private institution in tennessee

























































































pioneer portal
virtual tour
calendar
news
online campus store
give














apply
cost
programs
we are pioneers
alumni


pioneer portal
virtual tour
calendar
news
online campus store
give




 
apply
cost
programs
we are pioneers
alumni















 


 









take virtual tour 
							admission 
							deposit  
							campus tour 
							request info 
							 





 
 
associate
 
 
 
 
undergraduate
 
 
 
 
graduate
 
 
 
pioneer
online
 
 
90%more than 90% traditional undergrad receiving aid58%tu graduates earn in the 90th percentile of tennessee salaries58%first generationchristianwe are a christian university that fosters opportunities for students to grow in their faith. we serve students of all faiths and those with no faith in a caring christian environment that empowers them to discern their calling and purpose.
learn about campus ministries student resourceswe are committed to the success of all students comprising different backgrounds, races, religions, and nationalities. we provide robust programs that pave the way for students from all walks of life to progress toward a degree.
view resources
my journey at tusculum university
my journey highlights the power of civic engagement and community service. inspired by the university’s welcoming community, i discovered my passion for connecting and serving others. tusculum university emphasizes the importance of community connection through initiatives like the freshman day of service and mandatory community service for athletic teams. my story serves as a testament to tusculum’s dedication to fostering both academic excellence and a culture of service and engagement.



isabelle delbridge
class of 2024


academicswe prepare graduates that are career ready—pioneer ready. tusculum graduates become better equipped to meet the demands of a 21st century workforce, have a better understanding of their careers, are able to collaborate effectively, and exhibit positive work habits.
explore our programs
great faculty to student ratio
tusculum has a great faculty to student ratio. you can tell that faculty, coaches and staff truly care about the success of their students. tusculum has given me the opportunity to find myselfand grow as a person.



mason snelson
class of 2020


alumni & givingtusculum university seeks to instill in its graduates a sense of the world in which they live and to develop skills to make sound decisions that are based on the common good. in short, tusculum graduates students who not only do well, but do good. click on the picture for more information about our homecoming. 
learn more
a welcoming, friendly, and comfortable place
i just fell in love with tusculum. it is such a welcoming, friendly, and comfortable place. i feel like being at tusculum has made the difference in my academic and social success during college.



anastasia gwaltney
class of 2020


athleticswe are fierce competitors. we prepare student-athletes to become principled leaders who are contributing citizens and champions in life by instilling the highest values of character, integrity, and sportsmanship.
visit athletic website 
60 shiloh road
greeneville, tn 37745
423-636-7312

admission@tusculum.edu


admissionadmitted students
apply for admission
campus tour
contact information
maps & directions
veterans
visit tusculum
academicsacademic calendar
academic catalog
canvas
center for civic advancement
center for the arts
garland library
pioneer finish
trio programs
tutoring center
quick linksadministration
alumni
apply
athletics
blog
branding request form
brand guidelines
calendar
camps
campus directory
campus map
campus ministries
campus safety
campus store
complaint form
cost
constitution day
consumer information
economic impact
employment
fact books
institutional effectiveness
mission moments
museums of tusculum
news
old oak festival
pioneer portal
post office
programs
technology
we are pioneers
copyright 2022, tusculum university

 
 




























