





car games, car travel games, and free printable road trip games for kids
















































 






skip to content








 










































  
 
 





home
kids travel activities
printable car games
fun stuff
tips

flying with kids
disney vacation tips
wash, d.c. with kids
nyc with kids
universal orlando


blog
cool products
 


 

 






















car travel games for kids









prepare yourself mentally for a family road trip









how to make a cootie catcher









aluminum foil art – easy and fun!









how to play old maid and crazy 8’s



























momsminivan.com 



car travel games to play in the car! free printable games, car trip activities, traveling with kids!




planning a road trip? traveling with kids? need some road trip travel games to play in the car? ideas to keep kids busy in the car?  momsminivan.com has over 101 ideas for fun things for kids to do in the car, kids car trip games, free printable car games and activities, and road trip games and tips. there’s something for everyone!…about laurel “road trip mom”































kids travel activities















car travel activities for toddlers



a huge list of ideas to keep your toddler happy on a road trip! traveling…


















string games



this is an ancient game/activity played around the world. remember string games and figures like…


















counting cows – car game!



how to play counting cows (also known as “cow poker”) what’s the best way to…


















aluminum foil art – easy and fun!



road trip activities for kids here’s a fun activity that keeps children busy and encourages…


















making memories: journaling



creating a travel journal for kids creating a travel diary or journal is a wonderful…


















pirates of the caravan – how to road trip like pirates!



aaarrrrrrrrrr we there yet?  make the time pass quickly on your long car trip by pretending to…





















*free* printable car games















free printable car games!



all of the momsminivan totally free printable car games in one page.


















free printable car bingo cards



print your own free car bingo games! printable car games | travel games | free…


















road trip scavenger hunt – printable!



here are some printable pages of road-trip scavenger hunt lists for children of various ages…


















license plate game – printable



free printable license plate game! to play the “license plate game”, see how many different…


















road trip battleship – printable!



you sank my battleship! here is a printable battleship template with a grid on it…


















bug collecting! printable car game



this is a much friendly version than the classic “slug bug” we grew up which…


















travel tickets for road trips



free printable travel tickets or, how to avoid, “are we there yet?” use some colored construction…



























travel tips















flying with kids



tips from an experienced mom! lately it seems that when i’m traveling with my kids,…


















disney vacation tips



a few tips to make your disney experience a little easier and less expensive, without…


















tips for visiting washington, d.c. with kids



here’s a list of tips and fun things to do with kids when visiting washington,…


















car sick kids? best tips for dealing with car sickness!



sorry i “brought it up!” car sickness has plagued parents since cars were invented! luckily…


















universal orlando tips and advice



make your visit to universal’s theme parks and the wizarding world of harry potter more…


















tips for traveling with kids to new york city



my kids were 10, 8 and 5 when we took them for a weekend to…






















fun stuff for kids















how to make a harry potter scarf out of fleece – easy!



step by step instructions for how to costume your whole family with a hogwarts fleece…


















how to make a treasure map – easy!



make this easy realistic treasure map for a pirate themed party, or for a fun…


















how to make pipe cleaner animals – activity for kids



here’s a fun and easy, no-mess activity for a long car trip or a rainy…


















easy camp food for kids



fun food kids can make over a campfire here are some great campfire foods that…


















how to do jacob’s ladder with string



step by step instructions for making jacob’s ladder string figure with pictures. including a video…


















giant roadside oddities –  weird stuff for kids



side-treks — because half the fun is getting there. curiosity tickles your mind and adds…
























dear readers,traveling with children by car can be a real challenge for any parent. but you have something special on a long car journey that is hard to find anywhere else.my family went on a lot of road trips when i was a child. i can remember playing lots of these games on the road. …that is, of course, when i wasn’t beating up on my little brother.what you have is time. lots of time with each other. time to spend together without all the distractions of everyday life. time to talk, sing, read to each other and play games. time for making memories. it’s precious, so don’t waste it. read more of “prepare yourself mentally”…i hope you use some of the many fun ideas on this site with your children on your next trip. be sure to take a look at my youtube channel too!  happy travels!






















please share!


reader favorites!
sponsored:

mad-libs - road trips
 
 super fun!

 
 car seat tray - with built-in whiteboard!

 

 retro auto bingo!

 
kids air mattress  latest posts 

chemistry.critter


free printable car games!


car travel games for kids


free printable car bingo cards


how to make an edible campfire snack – learn fire safety!


car seat travel tray


follow momsminivan
    
 































videos









how to make a paper popper









how to make slime without borax









how to do cat whiskers with string









how to do cats cradle









how to make a treasure map – easy!

















































								all rights reserved by								
 | 
momsminivan.com 


about me
privacy & terms
advertising disclosure
 



























