
















articles that teach us how to heal ourselves








































































articles that teach us how to heal ourselves



experiences are meant to be shared so we can help one another heal along the way...




















pages



articles that teach us how to heal ourselves


healing physical symptoms


healing glands & organs


healing emotions


healing candida


healing chemical sensitivities


healthy parenting


how to navigate through healing you 101


vibrational healing


linda's chakra workshop






for more information, contact linda at: healingyou101@gmail.com











































































linda wojcik, nutritional kinesiologist, spiritual intuitive, flower practitioner


appointments in danielson and n stonington ct, and via skype, facetime and telephone - 1/2 hour session $30.00 us.

view my complete profile












the healing properties of manuka honey - don't leave home without it!





manuka honey is abundant with healing properties. it is touted as anti-bacterial, anti-viral and anti-inflammatory, as well as espousing to antioxidant benefits. it is produced by bees who pollinate the manuka bush or tree, which is native to new zealand. so it is quite unique in it’s design.i recently had an occasion to put its healing capabilities to test. i don’t recommend anyone testing it my way; however, if you ever have an incident where it’s needed, i give it a big 5 stars. this is my story.i was way too quickly chopping fresh herbs with a newly sharpened knife, and my hand slipped. i immediately realized a piece of my index finger had been sliced off at the tip with one quick flick of that knife. i knew this was going to be a problem; some things you just know.i quickly wrapped the tip of my finger in a paper towel and taped it as tight as i could to try to stop the bleeding. my next instinct was to find the hypericum and arnica to help begin the healing process. the following day, a friend noticed my obvious problem and asked what happened. her knowledgable reply was go get manuka honey immediately. i had read about manuka honey in the past, yet had not really had the need to use it. i needed it now!cvs carried a nice assortment. i chose a manuka coated bandaid, topping it with a waterproof bandaid to keep it dry and in place. life has to go on even if my finger could not. the switch from paper towel to a bandaid fix was quite painful, and help was needed to accomplish the task.a short 2 to 3 days later, noticeable improvement was occurring. my finger was healing. it was no longer bleeding and the throbbing pain was almost non-existent. i replaced the bandaids daily and watched with fascination how quickly the body can heal with a little help from our natural friends.within a week, i was able to remove the bandages and begin to use my finger in an almost normal fashion. today, there is no sign of the injury or the pain. my finger is completely healed and happy.manuka honey has also been used to treat sore throats, tooth decay and digestive issues. you can read more about the healing benefits of manuka honey here:https://www.healthline.com/nutrition/manuka-honey-uses-benefits#toc_title_hdr_2and for those who need a more scientific approach:https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmc6613335/in my humble opinion, manuka honey is a wise addition to anyone’s medicine cabinet.










no comments:
  




email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest




























truth or trauma - which do you choose?





if it were easy to change the cellular level, we would all be healed by now. the cells respond to every thought we think, word we speak and action we take. they are programmed to follow our lead.vibrational healing begins the process of reprogramming. it may take us many layers and many experiences to shift ourselves, many more than we realize. however, each layer allows us yet another opportunity to change our ‘self,’ one cell at a time. it took carol many layers and many experiences before she could see through the eyes of truth instead of the eyes of trauma. this is carol’s story. it’s worth the read.“this layer my water bottle and mantra is ‘i am done with trauma;‘ and i finally saw how in dealing with my family i would jump right into trauma. i would not communicate clearly or hold my ground. i became a wounded child and my emotions ran the show. my mind was full of obsessive worries, and i replayed things i wish i had said. most of all, i felt so much pain because i feared they didn’t like me.somehow because of all of our work together, it finally clicked. i was able to see what i was doing. i could see that my stand was a good one and that i needed to communicate it like a grown up instead of a child. it was so obvious that i suddenly could easily speak my truth without anger or fear of my family’s rejection. truth and peace were more important than their approval.  i simply had no more energy or desire to spin in trauma. it seems so simple now. it’s amazing i couldn’t see it before and it feels wonderful!”it took a long time for carol to finally shift her fear into courage; it was time well spent. now that she has found the path to truth, she will be tested to see if she can stay on it. each experience will be another opportunity to not only speak her truth, but to live her truth as well.  truth is the same vibration as love. as long as carol stays in her truth, she is learning to love herself. and as we all know, love really does heal all! 










no comments:
  




email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest




























irritation - cutting the thread that binds you.





diane felt irritated all the time. she was not happy with her job, her life, her choices. she did not want to be irritated; yet she could not figure out how to free herself from this exhausting energy.her irritation led to victim, blaming everything and everyone for her unhappiness. over much time and many layers, diane knew something was changing, yet she could not quite put her finger on it. sometimes we can’t see what’s right before our eyes. one powerful day, however, diane saw “it,” clear as the truth. it was a simple moment; yet a profound one, all at the same time. this is what she saw:on the bottom of her curtain hung a little piece of thread. this thread had been there for quite some time; and each time she saw it, it irritated her. this one particular day, however, something different happened. she had a thought. “why not just cut the thread and stop the irritation?" she took out her scissors and cut the irritating thread. and with that single act, she realized she did not have to be irritated all the time. she could choose to fix whatever it was that irritated her. why had she not thought of this sooner?on a cellular level, diane had a need to be irritated. irritation had become a protective barrier; she knew no other way to protect herself. so her cells chose the path that felt safest (the path of least resistance) which always led directly to irritation. she was stuck on a path she did not like, yet she did not know how to get off it. it took that little piece of thread to show her the way to detach from those irritating moments, most of which were no bigger than that single thread. diane will be given many more opportunities to create her new path. and as she practices detaching from irritation, freedom will one day become her. i think she’s ready and willing to meet the challenge of freeing herself from those irritating moments…  one thread at a time. all she has to do is allow herself to see them and then cut the thread that binds her.










no comments:
  




email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest




























can feeling overwhelmed show you the way to truth?






erica knew she often felt overwhelmed in life. she also recognized she had a desire to run and hide from those she loved. why did she keep getting on this unhappy roller coaster ride? 



most recently, erica had a huge awakening. it took many layers to remove enough barriers and shields to clearly witness how all this energy played out. on her last layer, she watched the process unfold before her, and this is what she saw:



“it all begins with a fear of not getting my needs met. fear then turns to feeling overwhelmed. both of these energies have been clear to me for quite some time.



“recently, i watched how fear and overwhelm together took me straight to disappointment. i become disappointed with the other person, blaming them for not meeting my needs, although i never expressed what my needs were. shouldn’t they know?



“within moments, fight and flight took over, protecting my space with anger toward the other person for not meeting my needs; and then i felt entitled to blame that person for the whole process, feeling justified to push them away.



“finally, i ended up sad and alone. which is not where i wanted to be at all. and yet there i was over and over again.”



the good news is that erica’s last layer allowed her to stop when she felt the disappointment emerge. instead of taking the next step toward blaming them, she took a breath and grounded herself. that one moment allowed her the space to express her needs clearly. luckily, erica had a partner who was willing to listen and responded appropriately once he knew what her needs were. 



erica was learning a new way of being; a new path to experience her true self. she realized that her old behaviors were directly related to her upbringing. when she was younger, she was not allowed to be upset or angry; her parents could not handle that behavior. instead she allowed her anger to overwhelm her. in that state, she was unable to ask for what she needed. erica had become her anger. 



 “i couldn’t trust that i could get what i needed from someone else; so the only solution was to push away those i love, then blame them for my anger so i could be alone. being alone was the only place i felt safe.”



although these behaviors were ingrained, they never really worked. the goal now is for erica to create a new memory cell where she will no longer need her fight and flight behavior to feel safe; she will feel safe expressing her truth.

​

expressing one’s truth should be the easy path, and yet for most of us, it is the most difficult one. however, the more we practice truth, the easier truth becomes. and since truth takes us to love, erica will soon learn to love her choices. and as we are all learning together, love really does heal all.










no comments:
  




email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest






















just how much attention does one really need?







lucy was often upset when her boss was ignoring
her. she felt he should check in with
her daily. what if she had questions or problems? she realized she was more upset at work than
she was happy; and she blamed her boss for her unhappiness. according to lucy,
it was all his fault. or was it?





my question to lucy was, “what do you need from him?”  the truth was, she needed attention. i
thought it possible that lucy’s boss trusted her competence and judgments, and he did not feel the need to be checking in on her all the time. lucy could have felt honored with such trust; instead, she felt angry. her blame cells took control each time she felt ignored.



as lucy worked through her layers, she was finally able to
accept that her boss simply trusted her. she eventually learned to let go and enjoy her
freedom at work. this transition took many, many layers to achieve. it was time well spent.



i then watched as lucy’s healing took another turn. her
detachment from needing attention from her boss rolled over to her relationship
with her sister. in reality, lucy and her sister had a tumultuous relationship
for many years. as long as lucy was focused on her boss, she had no need to
focus on her sister. as lucy changed, so did her needs; the relationship with
her sister took a front row seat.



everything lucy’s sister did or said aggravated her to the
point that she did not even want to spend time with her. it was too
traumatizing. as we dug into their past, lucy realized she was jealous of her
sister’s freedom in life. she felt ignored and stuck most of the time, and she admitted
that she “needed” more from the relationship than her sister was capable of
giving her.



it was time for lucy to figure out why she needed all this
attention from others. what was she not giving to herself? lucy knew it was time to take care of her own needs. could she do it? first, she had to figure out what her needs were and where
all this “needy” energy began. 



in high school, lucy’s dream was to go to college. her
father had different plans. lucy’s dream was put on the back burner and she
pursued a career as a secretary, as her father mandated. that was the
major glitch in lucy’s past that began the process of needing confirmation from
others.  it followed her throughout life.




after many years and many layers, lucy was beginning to feel excitement.  for the first time she could remember, she
did not feel a need from her sister. she was beginning to have healthy
conversations with her sister and she was enjoying their time together.



she admitted to me that a major shift occurred
after a phone call with her sister whereby, upon hanging up the phone, lucy
watched herself become obsessive over a comment her sister innocently shared. this one comment became a huge trauma in her head. she watched
herself dance over it, around it and under it. after two days of constant
obsessive thoughts, she finally had enough with herself. this was her ah-ha
moment. lucy finally admitted to herself that her issues were not about her sister
at all. it was time to stop blaming her sister for her
behaviors. this is the moment the cellular level shifts from blame to acceptance.



through acceptance, lucy finally admitted out loud how ridiculous her
obsessions had become. she was ready to face her pain. it was she that was making a mountain out of a molehill,
and she wanted to be done with it. she recognized it, honored it and finally
spoke it to herself. it is in this moment, the cells have an opportunity to change.



thanksgiving came and lucy spent the day with her sister.
she was happy to report that they had a great time together. there was nothing
left to fight about. the truth was, lucy loves her sister; it was time to act
in love and leave the pain of her past behind. 
and that is exactly what she did!










no comments:
  




email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest






















you’re never too old to learn the relationship between food and healing..









i watched my mother’s dance with
illness for quite some time. it seemed to be the same dance with whatever it was she was dancing with:





nausea, vomiting, diarrhea,
heartburn

followed by a chronic cough

followed by severe back pain diagnosed as sciatica



early on, in its most severe
state, mom was rushed to the hospital with intense dehydration. a few times we
thought we would lose her.  we didn't; mom is now
89.



having been in the health food
industry for over 35 years and having used food as medicine most of my life, i
finally interjected. i think you need to eliminate all pork products and cow
dairy from your diet. that was easier said than done. mom could be a bit resistant.



now that she was in a “retirement”
home, and after meeting with the dietician, her files were clearly updated. pork and cow dairy products were eliminated from mom's meal plan. i replaced cow dairy
with coconut milk ice cream sandwiches and unsweetened vanilla almond milk. that seemed to appease her, although mom was
not happy with this new change. 


she felt she was being denied the things she had
enjoyed all her life and she resented me for igniting the spark. i explained the possibility that these foods may be having a direct impact on her physical
symptoms. she refused to hear my truth. 





this is when the child becomes the
parent, and the parent becomes the child. i was willing to play that game if need be. i ignored her anger and did what i felt best for her at
this point in our lives.  



slowly i watched as mom noticeably improved. her bouts of illness were fewer and farther between and each one was less severe. trips to the hospital became a memory of the past.



and one day, the symptoms came
back with a vengeance. mom had gone out to dinner and upon asking what she had
eaten, she replied, “crab cakes.” she had eaten them previously in life; why would they be a problem now? she decided to test her theory a few weeks later when crab cakes were offered at the retirement home. low and behold… same
outcome. she did not need much convincing that crab cakes needed to be avoided. she was not happy, yet not quite as resistant. we were making progress.



again, her body was happy, and
her bouts of illness diminished noticeably; if one did occur, it
was short lived. 



most recently, her and i were
shopping and she had that chronic cough usually following a digestive
upset. she admitted that she had experienced a night of heartburn, keeping her from
sleep most of the night, which definitely did not make her happy.  this time, however, she admitted, “i know what caused my
heartburn. it was the peppers i had at dinner.”



it was a miracle! mom
willingly took responsibility for her food choices. she admitted that she
thought peppers had bothered her previously and this time she was sure of it.
the major difference this time was that she was not mad about it. she was
actually excited that she had figured it out on her own. this time i did not have
to tell her to stop eating them, she told me she was done eating them.



finally, my mother was taking
charge of her own healing. although she had manifested the
chronic cough following the digestive upset, it was mild and short lived; and
the back pain never manifested itself. could it be that her anger had caused
the back pain and now that she was not angry about the truth, her body did not
have to become inflamed? anger is inflammatory after all.

in the end, mom was proud of herself; i am very proud of her too! we've come a long way together. 










no comments:
  




email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest






















sugar is a painful addiction..









in a previous article, pam’s muscular pain had improved noticeably
after only one layer (4 weeks). she accomplished this feat by following a
strict yeast-free diet along with vibrational medicines that helped her see
through the eyes of truth instead of the eyes of the emotion.





pam’s 2nd layer confirmed without a doubt that
sugar was feeding her pain. she was doing well until she had this thought: “just
a little sugar can’t hurt.” pam learned that a little sugar hurt a lot. one sugar
craving led to another and before long, her sugar intake was out of control.
one dose of sugar was not enough (a true agrimony trait). her pain returned
with a vengeance, and she could no longer pretend (another agrimony trait) that
sugar was her friend. now that pam was willing to take responsibility for her
choices, we introduced the flower essence agrimony into her regiment along with
the recommendation to eliminate sugar once again. i could feel pam’s fear and
resistance. what would pam choose?



you can see pam’s previous article here in case you missed
it:

https://healingyou101.blogspot.com/2019/02/no-sugar-or-pain-what-would-you-choose.html



fast forward to pam’s 3rd layer: 



i met with pam again recently, and she was proud to report that
her pain had diminished by 70%, her mobility was greatly improved and she lost a
considerable amount of weight. even more importantly, she was able to get off
all her pain meds. her doctors were amazed. i was happy.



agrimony helped pam replace her sugar cravings with healthy
food choices. pam is happy with her choices for the first time in a long time
and is confident she can begin to heal her addictions. knowing that she has the
power to control her pain is a powerful shift from her old agrimony ways. you
can read more about the agrimony personality here: https://www.bachcentre.com/centre/38/agrimony.htm



as she enters her next phase of healing, pam will come face
to face with honoring each choice she makes. if she is not happy with a choice,
she is free to change it at any time. her body will show her the way. it will
be up to pam to decide in that moment if she chooses to be pain free and sugar free.



it will take all of pam’s courage and determination to stay
on this new path. the moment the old cells realize they are not being fed is
the moment they will send a message to the brain and the cravings will begin
again. i hope pam is strong enough to say “no!” i hope pam chooses love over
sugar; love really does heal all.



read the article below to learn more about addiction and
pain.

http://healingyou101.blogspot.com/2012/07/cravings-call-to-feed-emotion.html    











no comments:
  




email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest

















older posts

home




subscribe to:
posts (atom)









articles to help you heal


a spiritual leap from drama
apis for healing bites & stings
avoiding the flu naturally...
being loved and feeling love - is it the same energy?
can feeling overwhelmed show you the way to truth?
can healing anger heal eczema? 
choosing peace over all else
consciously choosing peace
cravings: a call to feed the emotions
denying the artist in me
does love really heal all?
feed your fear or nourish your soul
forgiving the burn
hanging up on abuse
healing chemical sensitivities
healing childhood trauma with courage
healing the "i can't stand anyone" anger
healing the anxiety flush
healing the binge eater in me
healing the bitter/victim glitch
healing the cellular memory
healing the chronic cough
healing the core of me!
healing the irritated throat
healing the irritated throat
healing the pains of abuse, fear, anger and depression
healing the winter cold
healing through the holidays
high blood pressure, dehydration and coconut water
how do we know we are healed?
how i hear is who i am
how to navigate through healing you 101
how to quit smoking in two painful weeks
how truth moves trauma out of the way
i am not a competitor and i resent it!
i am not my ego!
i am not responsible for everyone's happiness
irritation - cutting the thread that binds you
is sneezing the first sign of resentment?
is there more to food poisoning than the food?
just how much attention does one really need?
learning to love all of me!
moving guilt out of the way
no sugar or pain - what would you choose?
overwhelmed by life...
pain is the absence of love
recognizing the abusive addict within
releasing emotions the agrimony way
repetitive patterns - opportunities to heal?
searching for hidden joy
seasonal allergies and euphrasia
sugar is a painful addiction
the angry face
the art of forgiveness
the disappointed bladder
the excitement behind adrenal fatigue
the foods that feed the emotions
the healing properties of manuka honey
the importance of pure water
the law of attraction experienced
the real meaning behind sinus infections
the words on my water bottle
using anxiety to heal guilt...
vitamin d and sunlight - a most important resource
when change is surrounded by fear
when god speaks...
when opportunity knocks!
you're never too old to learn the relationship between food and healing





the contents of this blog and newsletter is for information and education purposes only, and should not be used to diagnose or treat illness. sharing your thoughts about your healing journey are welcomed.










joshua's lessons - raising a healthy child in a toxic world





click here to order your e-book or paperback copy



click here to purchase your copy of "a taste of sunflowers"













$13.00 includes s&h



other sites to visit


heirloom food co. - organic, vegetarian, vegan cafe
carmelle migliori, numerologist
aubrey thompson, clinical nutritionist
william shevin, homeopathic doctor ct
learning eft tapping technique
holistic health practitioners of ne ct
the door opener - a holistic guide and magazine




interesting blog sites to visit










conscious life news




your horoscope and astrology overview for march 13-19, 2023



1 year ago












the empress of time




reality seen and un-seen....



5 years ago


















































ethereal theme. powered by blogger.
























