










nyc lawyer for bankruptcy, divorce, annulment, immigration and real estate



































            loading...
        









 call 24 hours: 718.625.0800



english
español
français







































                home
            



                area of law
                    






                accidents
                    






                what to do if in a car accident
            



                do i have an auto accident case
            



                new york’s no-fault law
            



                uninsured and underinsured vehicles in new york
            



                slip and fall accidents
            



                dog bites in new york
            



                construction accidents in new york
            





                bankruptcy
                    






                should i file for bankruptcy?
            



                will filing bankruptcy ruin my credit?
            



                can i keep my home if i file bankruptcy?
            



                can i keep my car?
            



                chapter 7 bankruptcy
                    






                what can i keep if i file chapter 7 bankruptcy?
            



                do i qualify to file chapter 7 bankruptcy?
            



                how do i file chapter 7 bankruptcy?
            



                how much will it cost to file chapter 7 bankruptcy?
            



                what to expect at the bankruptcy hearing
            





                chapter 11 bankruptcy
            



                chapter 13 bankruptcy
                    






                chapter 13 procedure and cost
            



                what to expect at the chapter 13 bankruptcy hearing
            





                consumer credit counseling companies
            



                debt management companies
            



                how to get out of debt without filing bankruptcy
            



                top 8 mistakes to avoid
            



                frequently asked bankruptcy questions
            



                fair debt collection practices act - fdcpa
            





                family law
                    






                new york divorce
                    






                uncontested divorce
            



                contested divorce
            



                divorce by publication
            





                prenuptial agreements & postnuptial agreements
            



                annulment
            



                legal separation
            



                child support
            



                custody and visitation
            



                spousal support
            



                division of assets and property
            



                family court
            



                paternity
            





                immigration
                    






                green cards
                    






                green card by marriage
            



                green card by family sponsorship
            



                green card by employer sponsorship
            





                citizenship
            



                divorce before green card
            



                u.s. visas
                    






                fiancee visa
            



                student visas
            



                visa lottery
            



                h1b visa
            



                l1 visa
            



                investor visas (eb5)
            



                extraordinary ability visas (o visas)
            





                divorce before citizenship
            



                how to petition for an adopted child to the united states
            



                deportation
            



                asylum in the united states of america
            





                real estate
                    






                real estate basics
            



                buying a home
            



                selling your home
            



                refinancing your mortgage
            



                deed changes or transfers
            





                wills & estates
                    






                wills
            



                living wills and health care proxies
            



                power of attorney
            



                probating a will
            







                resources
                    






                video library
            



                links
            





                about us
                    






                profile
                    






                jeffrey b. peltz
            





                office hours
            



                directions
            



                testimonials
            





                law blog
            



                contact us
            












over 25,000 clients






over 30 years' experience






we are here to protect your rights



















more





accidents

                        car (auto) accidents, bus accidents, motorcycle accidents,  pedestrians struck by motor vehicles or bikes, slip and fall accidents, dog bite, and construction accidents
                    








more





bankruptcy

                        chapter 7 bankruptcy
chapter 11 bankruptcy
chapter 13 bankruptcy
                    








more





family law

                        uncontested divorce, contested divorce, legal separation, child support, child custody, spousal support, and family court matters.
                    








more





immigration

                        permanent residency (green card) through sponsorship by spouse or other family member, citizenship, visas, deportation and asylum.
                    








more





real estate

                        buy a home, sell a home, refinance a mortgage, make a change to your deed
                    








more





wills and estates

                        wills, living wills, health care proxies, power of attorney, and probating wills.
                    










welcome to the law firm of jeffrey b. peltz, p.c.












since 1986 we have helped over 25,000 clients in the areas of accidents, bankruptcy, family law, immigration, real estate, wills and estates. we take great pride in providing outstanding legal services at reasonable fees. our goal is to get you the results you seek, may it be obtaining money damages if you were injured in an accident due to the negligence of another, need to get  out of debt through bankruptcy, planning on getting married and need a prenuptial agreement, married and desire a post-nuptial agreement, get out of a bad relationship through annulment, divorce, or legal separation, buy or sell a house, condo or coop, obtain a green card or citizenship, get your affairs in order by writing your will, living will, health care proxy and power of attorney or probate a will.  our aim is to do this as quickly and inexpensively as possible. we think of our clients as our extended family. if you check our reviews online, you will find that many of our clients appreciate our attitude and the way we practice law.
our office is located at 225 broadway, ste. 1900, new york, new york 10007, in lower manhattan, near public transportation, easily accessible from anywhere in new york city. in addition to english, we also speak spanish. we are open evenings. we can help you whether you live in new york city or the surrounding areas. we offer both in person and virtual office visits.  we provide free consultations for the following type of matters: personal injury, bankruptcy, uncontested divorce, divorce by publication, annulments, legal separation, prenuptial and post-nuptial agreements, real estate, wills and estate.  we charge a $200 consultation fee for the following types of matters: contested divorces, family court, and immigration. if you retain our services, the $200 fee will be applied towards our legal fee .
at the consultation, we will listen to you and provide you with your options to solve your legal problem. our fees are competitive and we accept credit and debit cards and offer payment plans.




















                                                    chapter 7 bankruptcy
                                                    
                                                





                                                    chapter 13 bankruptcy
                                                    
                                                





                                                    annulment
                                                    
                                                





                                                    divorce
                                                    
                                                





                                                    green cards
                                                    
                                                





                                                    citizenship
                                                    
                                                





































3 steps to solving your legal problems








everyone’s situation is different.  we listen to you tell us about your circumstances.  you tell us what legal goal you want to accomplish.













we take the facts that you provided us and with our knowledge of the law, provide you with options.    it is up to you on which option to pursue to achieve your goal.













we use our years of experience and expertise to obtain the optimal legal results.   we do this while keeping you informed, do what we can to make the process as quick and inexpensive as possible.




















accidents

we provide legal assistance to those in new york city injured in an accident due to the negligence of another party. whether the accident was an automobile accident, bus accident, pedestrian struck by a car, cyclist struck by a motor vehicle, pedestrian struck by a cyclist, slip and fall, construction accident or dog bite, we can help you obtain a monetary settlement or award to compensate you for your injury.we provide free consultations. if you can’t come to us, we will come to you. you only pay us a legal fee if we are successful in obtaining money for you. our legal fee is based upon a percentage of what we obtain for you. expenses are advanced by us and paid back to us from proceeds we recover for you. we also speak spanish.



bankruptcy

over the past 35 plus years, we helped thousands of people in serious debt get a second chance of having financial freedom. among the bankruptcy legal services we provide are chapter 7 and chapter 13 bankruptcy. chapter 7 bankruptcy eliminate many types of debts, such as credit card debt, medical bills, and bank loans, while keeping most or all your assets. if a person doesn’t qualify for chapter 7 bankruptcy, they may still get financial relief through chapter 13 bankruptcy. in a chapter 13 bankruptcy debts are paid off in part or full, over 3 to 5 years. the details of the chapter 13 payment plan depends upon the financial circumstances of the filer.we offer free consultation in which we will provide you with your options to get out of debt, which may or may not include bankruptcy. we offer payments plans and talk to your creditors for you from the moment you retain our law firm to represent you. we cover new york city and the surrounding new york metro area, including new jersey. we also speak spanish.



family law

over the past 35 plus years we have helped over 10,000 clients with the following family law matters: annulment, contested divorce, uncontested divorce, divorce by publication, legal separation, prenuptial agreement, postnuptial agreement, family court, child support, child custody, child visitation, spousal support, division of material property, paternity, and order of protection. whether you have a simple divorce or a complicated contested divorce matter, we have the experience to help you.we offer a free consultation for all family law matters, except for family court matters. for family court matters we charge a consultation fee of $200, which may be applied towards our legal fee. we offer payment plans and accept all major credit cards. we cover new york city and the surrounding new york metro area. we also speak spanish.



immigration

we have been a trusted immigration law firm, serving new york city for over 35 years. at jeffrey b. peltz, pc, we have successfully resolved thousands of immigration cases for our clients. among the immigration services that we provide, are the following: obtaining permanent residency (green card) through spousal or family sponsorship, employer sponsorship, naturalization (citizenship), fiancée visa, work visa, asylum, and deportation.in a constantly changing area of the law, you need an immigration law firm on which you can rely to provide clear and informed guidance. we provide a free consultation and offer payment plans. we accept all major credit cards. we cover new york city and the surrounding new york metro area, including new jersey.



real estate

we provide the following type of real estate legal services for those living in new york city and the surrounding new york metro area: buy a home, sell a home, refinance mortgage, make changes to a deed or real estate litigation. we can help you whether your home is a house, multi-family building, coop or condo.we provide a free consultation and offer payment plans. we accept all major credit cards. we also speak spanish.



wills & estates

we have been a trusted law firm, located in new york city for over 35 years, serving the legal needs of those in new york city in the areas of wills and estates. whether you need help with preparing a will, living will, health care proxy, power of attorney, legal guardianship, elder law or probating a will, we can assist you.we provide a free consultation and offer payment plans. we accept all major credit cards. we also speak spanish






bienvenidos al bufete de abogados de jeffrey b. peltz, p.c.





bienvenue au cabinet d’avocats de jeffrey b. peltz, p.c.


















testimonials








i commend you for your fast service and the wonderful job you did. i also thank you for your correspondences in keeping me abreast of matters, and i appreciate and welcome your newsletter!





j.d brooklyn, ny
                                                            







jeffrey was very helpful during my time of need the best part was that he worked with me and gave me a payment plan for his fee.





a.b.








i felt like a family member was with me during my rough time dealing with the situation. in hand. they made me feel i'm not alone and guided me and made me feel i'm not alone and that has my back. i give two thumbs up. thanks for giving me a second chance in life.





j.l.








my experience was very pleasant and mr. peltz was very helpful and professional.





j.j.








i will recommend anyone who need a good lawyer. jeffrey take time to listen, give you advice and he is a caring lawyer.





y. p.








the service was excellent and i had no complaints at all. also appreciate the additional information that was offered to me.  i would recommend his services to my friends and family.





n.d.








my experience with jeffrey b. peltz and staff was very positive. my legal matters were handled swiftly and proficiently.





f.h.








i received professional, detailed service. jeffrey peltz and mohammed quickly knew how best to handle my case.





r.j.








excellent service , makes you feel confident and answers all your questions and more , very friendly and highly recommended!





l.h.






















services

accidents
bankruptcy
family law
immigration
real estate
wills & estates



other areas of interest

area of law
video library
testimonials



contact information




                                26 court street, ste. 503
brooklyn, new york 11242
                            



 (718) 625-0800



email:aw5mb0bhywfsyxd5zxiuy29t


review us


















 copyright © 2004-2025 by jeffrey b. peltz p.c.. all rights reserved. you may reproduce materials available at this site for your own personal use and for non-commercial distribution. all copies must include this copyright statement.
site developed and maintained by the farber consulting group, inc.









privacy notice
 | 
disclaimer
 | 
copyright












