

spratling silver




























welcome 
              to the spratling silver reference website 
 
              visit our book store for the best selection 
              of spratling material including spratling 
              silver: a field guide.  silver 
              magazine's review by will chandler says
"...this is one of the finest practical guides 
              on collectible silver that i have ever seen ...goddard's field 
              guide will become the spratling collectors' 'bible' for decades 
              to come." silver magazine november-december 
              2003  





william 
              spratling, an 
              innovative and talented designer of mexican jewelry, silver hollowware, 
              tin, copper, and furniture, demonstrated his appreciation for, 
              and sensitivity to the early cultures of mexico. he established 
              a model for the artistic development and growth of the silver industry 
              in taxco and well deserved the title "father of contemporary 
              mexican silver!" 

  
              hallmark information

the 
              study of the silver hallmarks and construction techniques 
              used on spratling's taxco jewelry and hollowware designs is increasingly 
              important!  spratling's designs have always been copied but 
              now, perhaps because of the higher prices spratling's name commands, 
              copies of his designs and  replicas of his hallmarks are 
              all too common in today's marketplace.  see hallmarks, 
              what do they mean?  photographs of several examples 
              of hallmark replicas (designed to deceive) have been included. 

is 
              it authentic or a copy???  
because of the more sophisticated 
              techniques being used today for copying hallmarks, the section tips 
              on collecting is one of the most important parts of this website!  
              it is more vital than ever to be aware of the construction techniques, 
              design periods, materials used, and other such issues. (tips 
              on collecting discusses these topics.)  if the hallmark 
              "looks okay" but the construction technique seems inappropriate, 
              or the design is inappropriate to the hallmark used, you may be 
              looking at a copy rather than the "real thing."  

tell 
              me more about my ..... 
the section entitled
search for spratling items  now includes more than 985 
              different spratling items. although this is the most complete 
              compendium of spratling designs to be found anywhere, it continues 
              to expand, and hopefully, someday - with your help - will be complete.  
              use it not only to find out more about your specific spratling treasure, 
              but more importantly, to gain a sense of what kinds of designs and 
              materials were consistent with which hallmarks.  the "search" 
              database now presents items in a general chronological order 
              according to when the design was first introduced.  
              the items are not presented in the exact order in which spratling 
              introduced them, but rather grouped within a two or three year period 
              of introduction.  therefore, if you search "bracelets" 
              as the only search criteria, those that appear at the beginning 
              will have been introduced earlier than the  26th or 30th bracelet 
              that appears.  those that appear at the end of category (bracelets 
              in this example) will reflect those designs spratling introduced 
              at the end of his career.  remember, this is a general grouping, 
              and does not reflect which bracelet was designed "first" 
              or "second."  the item actually pictured may not 
              have been produced immediately upon introduction of the design.  
              for instance, the design 
              may have been introduced circa 1938 at a time spratling was using 
              the ws print primary hallmark.  if it was a popular 
              design, spratling may have continued to produce it until 1944 at 
              which time the ws print circle was the primary hallmark in 
              use. and the example we have pictured may bear the ws print circle 
              hallmark.  nevertheless, this design has been grouped 
              with other circa 1938 items since that is when the design was introduced.  within 
              each category, silson items are grouped together, and if any tin 
              or copper items were made, they appear at the end of the category 
              listings even though all copper and tin ware items were produced 
              from 1931 until about 1945.  hopefully this will make it easier 
              to identify style and design types with the appropriate general 
              time frames.   

about 
              this web site
each 
              of the sections of this website listed in the "buttons" 
              on the upper left of this page will lead you to more information 
              and, hopefully, greater appreciation for the genius of spratling.  
             
the research 
              data for this website has come from spratling's writings including 
              his correspondence and office records, spratling's catalogs, interviews 
              with spratling's contemporaries, writings and advertisements of 
              the period as well as personal examination of many thousands of 
              spratling pieces. many people have shared their information as well 
              as access to their spratling pieces. we now have more than 5000 
              records of individual spratling pieces organized into a database 
              that was created to facilitate analysis of this research material. 
              only a small part of that database appears on this website. we continue 
              to discover new information that will refine the data presented 
              here. your comments, information, data, and dialogue are gratefully 
              welcomed!
  
          




 


 this 
                    first design period necklace is one of the relatively few 
                    examples of spratling's work that was not inspired by mexico's 
                    pre-columbian heritage. it appears that the design inspiration 
                    for this necklace came from the halo of the virgin, a figure 
                    currently in the collection of the museo de arte religisio 
                    in mexico city. we find other examples of both jewelry and 
                    household objects in which spratling used similar repoussed 
                    stars and repoussed sun rays. spratling referred to this necklace 
                    as the rubinstein necklace because it was initially designed 
                    for helena rubenstein. the design appeared in spratling's 
                    wholesale catalogues from 1942 until 1945 although the above 
                    example was made circa 1939 as evidenced by its hallmarks 
                    ws print later, taxco mexico, and 980. the hallmarks are impressed 
                    on a silver plaque that has been soldered to the back of the 
                    angel's face. this entire necklace has been created by using 
                    a repousse technique and, in this design, there are no flat 
                    surfaces on the reverse side of the necklace on which to directly 
                    stamp hallmarks.

spratling 
                    silver:

a 
                    field guide
learn 
                    how to distinguish between real vs copy
new! 
                    definitive and comprehensive reference
my 
                    new book, spratling silver: a field guide - recognizing 
                    a william spratling treasure arrived from the printer 
                    in late june. there is information on all hallmarks - plus 
                    all brand new material including photos of each of 
                    the recently researched verified hallmark variations. full 
                    color! more than 500 photos! you can read more - 
                    and order your copy in our book store.
some 
                    of the comments received recently
"my 
                    hat goes off to you! on behalf of myself and spratling lovers 
                    everywhere i want to thank you for researching and producing 
                    the definitive guide to william spratling's hallmarks. you 
                    tackled a confusing and complex area and came up with a clear 
                    and interesting field guide that will prove valuable for years 
                    to come. i really enjoyed reading it page by page." - 
                    sandy cederwall
"unbelievable 
                    book! worth every penny and more!!! - fredrica monosson
"only 
                    a passionate collector, an excellent writer and a meticulous 
                    researcher could fashion a book like a field guide to 
                    spratling silver. phyllis goddard not only covers the 
                    topic of spratling silver brilliantly, but the book also is 
                    the very model of how a treatise on collecting should be written 
                    and produced." - ed schwartz
"simply 
                    wonderful! the book look absolutely great...plus, the content 
                    is so intensely packaged with the information everybody needs, 
                    and presented in a truly easy-to-use format, too." - 
                    bille hougart
 other 
                    book store news
the 
                    maestros de plate traveling museum exhibit is currently 
                    in albuquerque. (see current news 
                    for more information.) this handsome book, william spratling 
                    and the mexican silver renaissance is more than an exhibit 
                    catalogue. it provides exceptional information about 20th 
                    century mexican silver - as well as photos and information 
                    about mexico's new designers. if you have note seen the exhibit 
                    yet, or if the exhibit will not be traveling to a city near 
                    you, this book is the next best thing! read more - and order 
                    a copy autographed by penny morrill - in our book 
                    store.

 don't 
                    forget this one...
   
visit 
                    our book store for these and other 
                    spratling related books!
 
 
 


  











© copyright 1999-2003 - phyllis goddard - all rights 
              reserved 






















