



noel noel noel! christmas fun & music!


































































































quick find!





choose...
----------------
christmas fantastique cd
candlelight christmas cd
christmas cats!
----------------
music
sheet music
piano music
midi files
big note music
full arrangements
----------------
family fun
stories
gift tags
books
e-cards
snowman mutations
concentration!
snowflakes
fun crafts
coloring book
----------------
awards
----------------
recipes
----------------
traditions
----------------
webrings
----------------
links

















click below
										to listen to our
all
												christmas
												radio!









free music!






click here for a free christmas mp3!!!

															when you sign up on our email list not only will you get exciting news about this site and nelidova records, but you will get a free mp3!!

															"we wish you a merry christmas" is a fantastic full symphony orchestra recording from our new cd!! and its yours free

sign up now!

privacy statement





















































 

now playing! we wish you a merry christmas!
											from christmas fantastique~click here for more information!




welcome to our christmas website! merry christmas to all! here at noelnoelnoel.com it is christmas every day of the year! we do hope that you enjoy looking through our pages. we have fun and interesting things for everyone here. our focus on this site is christmas music, so you will find many pages relating to that subject. use the quick find menu above or the navigation bar to find your way around.

								another christmas season is upon us! a time for family, wonderful meals, games and fun, and best of all, christmas gifts! and of course we cannot forget the magic and wonder of christmas music! what better way to celebrate than to bring the beauty and festivity of the music of christmas into your home. we have much to offer here--sheet music, big note music for beginning pianists, midi files and much, much more. print out some music and sing it with the family as you sit around the white christmas tree on christmas morning. enjoy it all and be sure to drop us a note! merry christmas!

the music you are now hearing is from a new cd release from nelidova records! 17 magnificantly recorded christmas favorites—all new arrangements recorded with a full symphony orchestra! click here!

you can receive a free copy of this music by joining our mailing list. you will also receive email updates on our additions to the site, so sign up now!

								drop us a line with suggestions and comments. we love to hear from people, and don't forget to visit our sponsors! god bless you, every one!


















the most amazing christmas cd you will buy this year!!
we are convinced that this cd of christmas favorites will be the best cd you purchase this year. six years in the making this recording contains 17 gloriously orchestrated christmas classics recorded with a 90 piece orchestra! these are all new arrangements, powerful, beautiful, and sure to bring smiles to all who listen! (get a free cut from this cd simply by signing up on our mailing list!)
click here to listen to tracks from this cd and for more information!












the perfect cd for you and your family!~
this is one of the finest holiday music cds we have seen in quite a long time. all your favorite christmas carols recorded with new arrangements for orchestra, solo piano and warm brass. you must take a listen to some of the cuts from this wonderful cd.
click here for more information!




























the graphic christmas above is available, along with many of the other holiday graphics on this website, as a framed print from name portraits by charla. visit her website at www.nameportraits.com!














music ~ family fun ~ traditions ~ recipes ~ guestbook ~ webrings ~ links









								© 2000 noelnoelnoel.com, all rights reserved






"christmas" © copyright 2000 name portraits by charla


































































