






home | franklin road baptist church • murfreesboro, tennessee









































connect
plan a visit
about us

purpose & beliefs
pastor & leaders


give
events
watch online
 


select page


  
 
 

















discover relationship
with god and others
sundays at 11 am & 6:30 pm
worship with uswatch online










connection center
check out upcoming events and connection opportunities for you and your family.








get the frbc mobile app
ios | android








view upcoming events
learn more or rsvp








take your next step
in your walk with jesus







followfollowfollowfollow











kids and youth

we are passionate about reaching young people for christ. god is doing some amazing things in the lives of the next generation of our church, and we’d love to have your young person be a part of it.





find a group

sundays at 10 am • lifestage is more than just a class, it is a community of believers caring, praying, and loving one another as a church family.





recent sermons

going to church is a big commitment. if you’re not ready to attend, join us online by checking out past sermons preached at our church. watch live sundays at 11 am and 6:30 pm as well as wednesdays at 7 pm.












growth moment videos

these are short videos to give you simple answers for your christian life.





growth grounds coffee

opening soon with an all-new name, menu, and mission! follow @frbc_ministries for more info and updates





spiritual growth resources

we want to equip you and your family with the resources you need to grow in your relationship with jesus christ.






view more










worship with us
sundays at 11 am & 6:30 pm
3148 franklin road • murfreesboro, tn



childcare available during all services

plan a visit






lifestage groups
sundays at 10 am
we are a community of believers growing together as a church family. discover authentic relationships by connecting with a group.



get connected






midweek bible study
wednesdays at 7:00 pm
dive deeper into god’s word with our bible study for adults as well as programs for kids and teenagers ages 18 and under.



get connected











know god • grow together • show othersthe christian faith gives anyone the opportunity to establish a relationship with god through christ jesus. each of our worship services and bible studies are designed to help you know god personally.
you can spiritually grow together with others at through our lifestage bible classes, wednesday bible study, and many other connection opportunities.
you’ll be encouraged to share the gospel through regular outreach and service opportunities as well as our world-wide missions emphasis. showing others by sharing the gospel and serving our community and beyond is the primary focus of our church.
no matter where you are at on your faith journey, we are here to help you take your next steps with jesus!
start here



 










join us for worshipthe best way to experience our church is to join us in person where we worship together and hear a relevant message from scripture. each service lasts about 60 minutes with childcare provided for kids of all ages.
sunday services – 11 am & 6:30 pm
classes for all ages – sundays at 10 am
midweek service – wednesdays at 7 pm
3148 franklin roadmurfreesboro, tn 37128615.890.0820
plan your visit














get the frbc mobile app
ios | android








view upcoming events
learn more or rsvp








take your next step
in your walk with jesus







followfollowfollowfollow

send us a message








home
connect
church app
online giving
events
live stream
frcs
frbc sports
photo/video policy
contact us


































































 




























