




martin miazza – gifts and affordable luxuries, since 1966










































 












martin miazzaest. 1966home
about us
ornaments
bridal registry
home
about us
ornaments
bridal registry
since my parents opened our doors in 1966, the primary goal of this store has been to offer a unique shopping experience with affordable luxuries to our customers. they took great care in seeking out that “special something” that couldn't be found everywhere.
my parents taught me firsthand what a shopping experience should be, and i want to continue that tradition for my customers today. i think it's important to be able to touch what you are buying, see the color, feel the texture and get excited about what you are purchasing. a website cannot deliver all the things that a knowledgeable salesperson can give.
at martin miazza we pride ourselves in offering an individualized experience that has been fine tuned over many years. that is why i have decided ordering on a website just doesn't cut it. it doesn't give my customers the personal attention that we are known for.
so....while you can't order on our site you can have one of us call you, text you pictures and guide you through finding the perfect gift or something special for yourself.
don't hesitate to email me at sales@martinmiazza.com, message me on social media or call the store during business hours 228-863-1252.
we want to help you firsthand.
in this hurried world that is slowly becoming void of personal assistance martin miazza wants to offer you more. when you want old fashioned assistance from gracious staff, which can be hard to find these days, martin miazza delivers.
many thanks,kennedy miazzavisit the store that southern living magazine calls "a coastal treasure".




ornamentsnew and old state ornaments for you or as a gift to your friends and loved ones.




exclusives
exclusive gifts found only at martin miazza gifts.

kennedy makes shopping at martin miazza such a pleasant and enjoyable experience! she and her knowledgeable staff have such great ideas and excellent taste that, no matter the occasion, the recipient is always happy to see their beautifully gift-wrapped boxes!
richard (ric) l. williams, jr., cfp

i love shopping at martin miazza, the shop has a magical atmosphere! i enjoy seeing all of their beautiful items. kennedy, the owner of martin miazza, takes a lot of pride in every item she buys for her store. when i need a special gift i go straight to martin miazza, because i can always find just the right thing. i also like shopping there for myself, but i buy everything from festive cocktail napkins to baccarat crystal. shopping at martin miazza is convenient too. i can walk in & shop or i can order items online, or if i don't know exactly what i want to buy i can always call & ask whoever answers the phone a few questions & i am able to purchase just the right gift!
roianne guiterrez, newman lumber company

nothing more fabulous than holiday shopping at martin miazza with a glass of champagne in hand! most beautiful christmas ornaments in town and gift wrap to die for. everybody loves getting a gift from the shop... and i'm not just saying that because kennedy is one of my dearest friends!
sophie nord, the chimneys





bridal registry
contact us today to register for your special day!anna weatherleyannieglassjulie vosmatch pewternest candleslady primrose soapsmccarty potterycatstudio 








martin miazza gifts1208 pass rdgulfport, ms 39501(228) 863-1252website by jd web studio© 2019 martin miazza, all rights reserved. 
















