







the luxury institute










































































































              home
            

              about
            

              services
            

            white papers
          

        book
      

            webinars
          

            contact
          





















































































homeaboutserviceswhite papersbookwebinarscontact







the expertise of emotionally intelligent luxury











scroll






 

in the last 22 years, luxury institute has served over 1,100 luxury and premium goods and services brands with leading-edge research, consulting and training solutions developed by the best, most successful minds in the industry.today, luxury institute has the largest global network of top-tier luxury executives, experts, hnw and uhnw individuals and families, and each support luxury institute in serving the unique needs of its clients.luxury institute has conducted more quantitative and qualitative research with affluent, hnw, and uhnw consumers than any other entity and has significantly shaped the way luxury and premium goods and services brands serve luxury consumers today. this expertise has led to luxury institute’s high-performance relationship building education system, luxcelerate, and its online education programs, the evolving values of the hnw & uhnw and the mastery of hnw relationship building. each dramatically improves the emotional intelligence skills and self-mastery skills that drive high-performance hnw and uhnw relationship building and results.with unique, unmatched expertise in emotionally intelligent luxury, luxury institute has helped top-tier luxury and premium brands create extraordinary customer experiences, build long-term relationships and achieve financial results.










credit: carter rose photography | engage!23 the boca raton



 






our clients



we have served over 1,100 luxury and premium goods and services brands. throughout the years, we have established deep relationships with top-tier brands and their esteemed leaders.

























































































































 






our services

 


    luxury intelligence research: affluent, hnw + uhnw
  




    global luxury expert network (glen) solutions        
  




    consulting with the stars: celebrity luxury brands
  




    luxcelerate: high-performance relationship building system
  




    the mastery of hnw relationship building: online course
  




    speaking engagements, workshops, presentations, + events
  

 




 

online courses




    the evolving values of the hnw & uhnw - $395
  



luxury institute’s latest course, the evolving values of the hnw & uhnw, is based on luxury institute's proprietary 2024 research report. the insights provided come from on-going, qualitative one-on-one interviews, observations, and daily interactions with luxury institute's exclusive global network of more than 400 hnw and uhnw individuals and families. with insight into the purpose and values, emotional and security needs, wellness and longevity goals, careers and philanthropic projects, habits and more, luxury institute's course deepens the knowledge of those who serve hnws and uhnws. you can download the report table of contents and/or purchase a pdf copy of the full report below.




    the mastery of hnw relationship building with self-mastery system workbook - $345
  



built on the fundamentals of luxury institute’s luxcelerate high-performance training system, the mastery of hnw relationship building equips those who serve affluent, hnw, or uhnw clients - in any capacity - with the skills of high-performance relationship building using emotional intelligence and self-mastery to drive results. 




    self-mastery system workbook - $50
  



luxury institute’s proprietary self-mastery system equips you with the tools to become a high-performance relationship builder with hnw clients through daily preparation, practice, measurement, assessment, and self-coaching.






 

reports

  














      
        download report table of contents
      
    


uhnw toc download





              name
              
                *




first name





last name





              company
              
                *





              title/position
              
                *





              email address
              
                *

to subscribe to luxury institute, please check the sign up box after entering your email address.




              subscribe to luxury institute
              
            
 yes





thank you!






luxury institute’s 2024 report is based on continuous one-on-one interviews, observations and daily interactions with its exclusive global network of hnw and uhnw families and individuals. luxury institute ceo, milton pedraza, is also a private investor who continuously conducts business with this coveted segment. the report covers who they are, their purpose, values, emotional needs, privacy and security needs, health, wellness and longevity, careers and philanthropic projects, travel and leisure habits, and very importantly, their requirements of trusted brand relationships.an online course is available for purchase. to purchase a pdf copy of the full report, or schedule a speaking engagement and presentation for your leadership and teams, please contact us.




    purchase report
  

  






white papers



january 2024priorities, myths and realities of ai in luxury goods and services ai is here to stay. that is a fact. how the luxury industry, a business segment that has always stood for delivering the best of the best products, services, and client experiences chooses to use ai requires deep consideration. luxury institute recently conducted a qualitative survey with 22 luminaries from its global luxury expert network (glen) and asked them to weigh in on the most important initial business uses of ai and the myths luxury brands should confront as they engage with vendors to implement ai. here are their collective responses to critical ai questions.this white paper and all luxury institute white papers are available to download in pdf

 


    all papers
  

  






podcast
















    listen to podcast
  

 




 

industry partners

 






































































contact us




    we'd love to hear from you
  








introduction



our clients



our services



online courses



latest reports



white papers



podcast



industry partners



contact












hours






about  |   services  |  privacy policy  |  terms of service© 2025 copyright luxury institute, llc. all rights reserved.none of the content herein may be used or reproduced in any manner for the purpose of training ai technologies or systems.












































