
















denise ditman - elevate real estate brokers of

































denise ditman - elevate real estate brokers of








mobile navigation menu




call agent
email agent








954-651-0200




 - opens in a new window
 - opens in a new window  - opens in a new window  - opens in a new window  - opens in a new window











homeproperty searchsellershome valuation requestwhy use a realtor®interviewing a realtor®pricing your homecosts related to the sale of your homepreparing your home to sellmaking a great first impressionbuyersmortgage calculatormeeting your needsinstant home valuationaboutcontact








enter address, city, zip, community or mls number



advanced customizable search










most common searches

    the most common searches we see, check them out, you might find something you're interested in!



homes under $500khomes 500k to1,000,000homes over1,000,000waterfront homes under 1,000,000 



waterfront homes over 1,000,000condos under $500kcondos over $500k to 1,000,000condos over 1,000,000 



waterfront condos unter 1,000,000waterfront condos over 1,000,000golf course homesgolf course condos 














like a property?
call or text david & denise ditman pa954-651-0200











in 2019 into 2020, our family made the decision to sell upgrade our home in
weston, fl. we were nervous at first with selling our home of 13 years in such
and unpredictable housing market. upon researching and choosing, david and
denise ditman, they reassured us in every step of the process. their true
professionalism taught us a lot about selling our home and presented us with
options that we did not know existed. we were able to sell our home so quickly
that we entered into a post-occupancy with the new home owners and option
we did not know of, and this saved us additional $$$. the ditman's experience
and expertise in negotiating with other agents made this possible. we were
100% pleased with the entire selling experience with the ditmans.
selling was the easy part, as i know buying would be a bit more difficult as we
needed to stay in the same zoning for our children to stay at the same schools..
the ditmans heard our needs and wants and never tried to push anything
other then our requirements. once again their experience and professionalism
they were proven to me as they presented an option that few people had heard
about at the time, and that was a short sale. i did not understand at all what a
short sale was, but they explained the process in painstaking detail and we
made an offer on an short sale that we really liked. although the process was
long, the ditmans kept us updated every step. every question or
thought we had was answered almost immediately, i felt like they just worked
for me and me alone.
from the day of listing our home to the day of closing of our new home, the
ditmans were nothing short of professional, knowledgeable and i would
recommend them in the highest regard to anyone.
— antneyd

 
my wife and i had been looking for a new house for years. thanks to denise, we
just closed on our dream home. denise found us a home with all our needs in
mind. denise also sold our old house within days of listing and above the asking
price. their years of experience made the whole process easy and stress-free.
— lms315

 
david helped us buy and sell a house (both in broward county). david knows
the area very well and is very straightforward. he is an excellent negotiator. he
responds to calls, texts, and emails. i was referred to him by word of mouth and
i would recommend him without reservation.
— gumbyn

 
i highly recommend the real estate services of denise and david ditman. with
over 30 years of combined experience in real estate, this husband and wife team
have proven that they go the extra mile. professional, knowledgeable,
experienced, and second to none regarding communication skills. i
would recommend my family and friends to them in south florida.
— debraakerman8

 
in all our dealings with realtors over the past twenty years, we have never met
anyone as helpful and energetic as you have been. without hesitation, we
highly recommend your service to anyone looking for an
experienced realtor who cares about getting things done and doing them right!
thanks for taking such good care of us; we couldn't have done it without you!
thank you so so much...
— the lee family

 
david and denise ditman are by far the hardest working real estate agents in
the south florida area. even after you purchase your home, if you need
anything, the ditmans are there for you to help in any way they can. they have
my highest recommendation.
— tallymac1

 
i was referred to the ditman's by a long-time friend who had just used them to
assist in finding a home. since i do not live in the state of florida, i had a lot of
concerns about the process. however, from the very first email until today's
date, the ditmans have been very responsive. they listened to my needs and
concerns and provided thoughtful and knowledgeable answers. and since i
don't live in florida, almost all of my correspondence with david & denise was
done online or via phone and email. but the professionalism, experience, and
knowledge of this husband and wife team made me feel like i was physically in
south florida during the entire process of finding my future home, obtaining a
loan, valuation, and inspection of the property, helping with title, property
insurance, and closing on the house. they helped with the entire process, and i
used all the people they recommended during the process. that's how much
they can be trusted! even after i finished the process, they assisted me again
several months later when i needed help finding a tenant. i would very
highly recommend the ditman's without hesitation. thanks for all your help,
david and denise!
— codfish89

 
the ditman’s commitment to excellent service is unsurpassed. they were
straightforward throughout the entire process and always kept me informed.
after seeing their dedication and experience, i knew they would get the job
done. they coordinated everything from beginning to end and left me without
any worry. they’ll be the only realtors i recommend from now on. their
service continues to be excellent. david &amp; denise were professional, organized,
and the most trustworthy realtors i've ever met or worked with.
— tim greiner

 
extremely pleased with david and denise. any bumps in the road, they were
able to smooth over quickly. i wish i was not moving out of the area because i
would like to use them to purchase my next home.
highly recommend the ditman group for anyone selling or buying property.
— zachding

 
the ditmans have helped us sell two homes and purchase 1. in all transactions,
their expertise and integrity allowed us to sell and purchase quickly and at fair
values. their local knowledge helped us to find exactly the right property in our
desired neighborhood, and helped to find the right buyers for our sales
transactions.
we have recommended david & denise ditman to others and will continue to
do so.
— gedmin4

 

scroll left
scroll right

testimonials











market trends

                        trends regarding real estate sales in the most popular areas that you might be interested in. click "view graph" to see a graph of the last 18 months.
                    

area
sale price
30-day prices














property alerts
let us do the work for you! please fill in the form below and we will register you to receive daily property alerts for new listings based on the criteria you put in the description.

enter your name





enter your email





enter your message







for system use only


get my listing alerts



home valuation

                    a home valuation is a comparative market analysis report prepared by a real estate agent, comparing your property to similar properties on the market. included in the report are homes currently for sale and homes recently sold through the local listing.
                
get my home valuation



contact information
 
david & denise ditman pa
 elevate real estate brokers
 954-651-0200
 6278 n federal hwy suite 411fort lauderdale, fl 33308











                
                created and hosted by direct axess opens in new window | copyright © 2025 | privacy policy opens in new window | dmca opens in new window | accessibility opens in new window
scroll to top
instagram - opens in new window
youtube - opens in new window
linkedin - opens in new window
twitter - opens in new window
facebook - opens in new window







