














kid's bedroom furniture - custom designed/built themes























































































   
















↓ 
 


			javascript is disabled. please enable javascript on your browser to best view this site.







call 877-566-9988home
about us

about team tanglewood
why choose our designs
faq’s
before you order

payment options
shipping information
will it fit?
lead time
cancellation policy


the building process
blog
subscribe to our email list


beds

beds w’ popular options
galley of beds
theme beds for girls
theme beds for boys
castle beds
cottage/dollhouse style bunk beds
vehicle and pirate beds

space shuttle and airplane beds
boat and pirate ship beds
car, truck, jeep and train beds


beach, cabin & jungle beds
treehouse / clubhouse
princess / cinderella beds

cinderella carriage beds
princess castle beds
sweet dreams bed time


sports themed beds
more beds

contemporary beds
murphy wall beds
pedestals for beds
teen & young adult beds & accessories


custom
bed plans

castle bunk bed blueprints
dollhouse bunk bed blueprints
shuttle, cinderella coach and train blueprints




playhouses

examples of playhouses
play under 2k
reading nooks
residential playhouses

castles
cottages
villages
pirate ships and boats
store fronts and kid towns
sports
contemporary
treehouse / clubhouse
space shuttles
more fun playhouses
indoor playhouse plans


commercial playhouses
grandparents
outdoor playhouses

outdoor playhouse plans
kits
tips


custom
playhouse accessories


specialty designs

waiting rooms
mommy cafe’s
day care centers
libraries
play centers
playhouses for pre-schools
retail
themed medical beds
grandparents
playhouse accessories


plans

bed plans
dresser plans
indoor playhouse plans
outdoor playhouse plans


more

gallery
dressers

shuttle dressers
cottage dressers
castle dressers
dresser plans


desks
foto walls

fantasy photos
fantasy windows


bookcases / shelves
entertainment centers / cabinetry


my tanglewood

lydia’s cozy cottage
arwen’s castle & space shuttle
cobblewood castle
mama bear’s play cafe
testimonials


contact us




			tanglewood design


search for:




 





 
welcome slidetanglewood designtanglewood designcall us today! 801-261-2261
beautiful bunk beds, perfect playhouses
call us today! 801-261-2261
play under 2k rollout slidernew playhouses! explore them today!moremoreessential info slideabout our designsour designshand built in salt lake city, utah
shipped worldwide
customizable
for residential or commerical use
 residential or commerical
customizable
shipped worldwide
hand built in utah

contact us by phone, text, email, or in person.
contact us by phone, text, email, or in person.
specialty slidespecialty designsmommy cafe's
mommy cafe's,
waiting rooms
waiting rooms,
the perfect playhouse for your business.
play centers
libraries
pre-schools
and more!
and more!
specialty designsthe perfect playhouse for your business.
grandparents slideto grandmothers playhouse we go!order the perfect playhouse or bunk bed for when the grandkids visit, or purchase a gift card and let the people you love create something they will love!
•	create photo opportunities
•	make memories together
•	host over night trips
to grandmothers playhouse we go!•	make memories
•	encourage visits
•	purchase a gift card





plans sliderdiy never looked so good.plans for bunk beds, playhouses, and more!
perfect for weekend warriors, retirees, and family projects. 
if you decide you'd rather not build it yourself, we'll happily credit you for the purchase of the plans. 
explore our plansexplore our plans 





 


 













play, sleep, storage, imagination






play, sleep, storage, imagination











welcome to tanglewood design. in our workshop we create beautiful kids bedroom furniture and playhouses. each of our designs can be made custom, all are built to last, and every last one is meant to inspire your kids to play! it's clear to us (and to the experts) that play is essential to a child’s development. unfortunately, you can't always find hands on, imaginative fun. that’s why we're dedicated to bringing play, sleep, storage, and imagination space to every bed or playhouse we create. your children will never want to leave our wonderful designs! from castles to space ships to monster trucks and more, if you can dream it we can do it!









we create beautiful kids beds and playhouses made to order, made to last, and made to inspire your child to play! from castles to space ships to monster trucks and more, if you can dream it, we can do it!






due to the unprecedented rise in the cost of raw materials, it's necessary to adjust the pricing on our designs. we hope this is temporary, but for now, please call for pricing.























we create for private residences and commercial businesses, and are always anxious to do custom designs. all of our designs are hand built here in salt lake city, utah, but we ship all over the world.









just browsing? check out our gallery! every design on our site in one convenient place!











quick note: since you have lots of options to choose from on our site, you may have questions. feel free to call while you are browsing and let us help. our number is 801-261-2261.



















contact us on your terms!
here at tanglewood, we want to make sure you feel like family every step of the way. and that means you should be able to contact us on your terms. that's why you can reach us by email, on the phone, in person, and even by text! we are also on:













 







 







 







 















 







 







 







 






















why parents choose our designs!

getting kids out of mom and dad's bed
sharing childhood dreams
storage and organization
fostering imagination and creative play
best use of limited space

 
need more reasons? check out our list!




















good enough is never good enough!
we do everything possible to make sure your little ones get exactly the bed or playhouse they're dreaming of. add features like slides, wardrobes, or climbing walls. alter the paint scheme to match your room. request something entirely new! all our options are designed to ensure you get what you want, and nothing you don't.
























what have we been up to lately?
























 
wow! it sure doesn't feel like we're on the verge of the new year. i guess it makes sense though. after all, time flies when you're having fun! and have we had some fun this year! if you've been following along with us on social media and this blog, then you already...
read more.










recent posts


here’s to 2017!
december 22, 2017


a beautiful bridge
december 8, 2017


rockabye mommy and the mclean’s!
december 1, 2017























 




















want to hear from us? subscribe to our email list!
sign me up!




















don't take our word for it!
head on over to my tanglewood to see pictures, hear stories, and read testimonials who have made a design from tanglewood a part of their home!












now both my girls have your beds.

i just wanted to thank you for the bed . the color scheme and finish fit perfectly with miley's room...


tanglewood design
 2017-02-10t16:26:55-07:00    i just wanted to thank you for the bed . the color scheme and finish fit perfectly with miley's room and she loves it. now both of my girls have your beds. -- shawn	   https://playhousedesigns.com/testimonials/now-girls-beds/ 



it really is magical!

my daughters love their “princess castle”. it really is magical. my girls feel like princesses and thank me often for...


tanglewood design
 2017-02-14t09:59:38-07:00    my daughters love their “princess castle”. it really is magical. my girls feel like princesses and thank me often for getting it for them. the cubby holes to hide in are great and it has a lot of storage space and book shelves. the woodworking is masterful as is the floral paintings. we also bought the manchester dresser which is also incredibly designed and made. it is nice to be able to give my girls a bit of the “fairy tale come true” in their lives. it truly is worth the money spent as they will have great memories of their childhood and it has really helped bond my daughters relationship. --dan, denver, co	   https://playhousedesigns.com/testimonials/it-really-is-magical/ 



above and beyond

we can't say enough nice things about tanglewood designs and all their workers. they went above and beyond in customer...


tanglewood design
 2017-02-14t10:01:12-07:00    we can't say enough nice things about tanglewood designs and all their workers. they went above and beyond in customer service to help out in our unique situation of having to move the castle twice in a 6 month period. the custom paint job they did was amazing. my girls loved it!!! --tamara	   https://playhousedesigns.com/testimonials/above-and-beyond/ 



simply the best

i have worked with tanglewood design for years. these guys are absolutely amazing. the quality of their productions and designs...


tanglewood design
 2017-02-14t10:02:33-07:00    i have worked with tanglewood design for years. these guys are absolutely amazing. the quality of their productions and designs are the best there is. they are very detail oriented and always delivery in a timely manner. i would highly recommend them to anyone. they are simply the best. --k&r interiors	   https://playhousedesigns.com/testimonials/simply-the-best/ 



i am amazed!

i am amazed and very happy with the professional design, expert help, wonderful customer service, and the quality of the...


tanglewood design
 2017-09-26t11:22:14-06:00    i am amazed and very happy with the professional design, expert help, wonderful customer service, and the quality of the product. thank you very much for a wonderful playhouse for our children! --jill	   https://playhousedesigns.com/testimonials/i-am-amazed/ 


0
0
tanglewood design
















very impressed

i'm very impressed with the creativity and awesome designs that tanglewood design inc. fabricates. i also give this great company...


tanglewood design
 2017-02-10t11:13:55-07:00    i'm very impressed with the creativity and awesome designs that tanglewood design inc. fabricates. i also give this great company a 5 star rating because it's made in the u.s.a. -- r.a. nielson	   https://playhousedesigns.com/testimonials/very-impressed/ 



pretty amazing selection

tanglewood has a pretty amazing selection of custom theme beds. if you're looking for a custom bunk bed or indoor...


tanglewood design
 2017-02-10t11:15:15-07:00    tanglewood has a pretty amazing selection of custom theme beds. if you're looking for a custom bunk bed or indoor playhouse this is a great place to go. i thought they had some cute beds that were decently priced as well. --spencer canon	   https://playhousedesigns.com/testimonials/pretty-amazing-selection/ 



incredibly talented

michael and kevin and the staff at tanglewood are incredibly talented. they can build indoor playhouses or themed children's furniture...


tanglewood design
 2017-02-10t11:16:13-07:00    michael and kevin and the staff at tanglewood are incredibly talented. they can build indoor playhouses or themed children's furniture to fit a specific rooms size and dimensions. their customer service in impeccable as well. give them a call. --david coates	   https://playhousedesigns.com/testimonials/incredibly-talented/ 



amazing castle bunk beds

tanglewood design has the most amazing castle bunk beds and they will custom design it to fit any size room....


tanglewood design
 2017-02-10t11:17:13-07:00    tanglewood design has the most amazing castle bunk beds and they will custom design it to fit any size room. thanks for everything tanglewood! --roger bailey	   https://playhousedesigns.com/testimonials/amazing-castle-bunk-beds/ 



love our bed!

we have loved our bed from tanglewood designs for many years now. it still looks brand new. it is definitely...


tanglewood design
 2017-02-09t13:12:30-07:00    we have loved our bed from tanglewood designs for many years now. it still looks brand new. it is definitely a very high quality work of, "children's art." it is getting passed down to the grand babies now. though it is hard to see in my the picture but the pink areas are all painted roses. we made a curtain for the back of the bed for club house privacy. we also made one that could close up the front of the lower bed to, which made for a real live doll house that my daughters spent hours in playing for years. that had to come down a few years ago as they were getting older. we have curtains in the top and also a leaf for a special roof. and a back railing that i covered with fabric to look like a wall and sewed lots of pockets on to store all my daughters secret stuff. lol. oh and we added torch lights from ikea and dr who lights to add that special touch. this bed is the best!! i will miss it more than my daughters because i saw all the joy it brought them through the years! thank you tanglewood design!	   https://playhousedesigns.com/testimonials/love-our-bed/ 


0
0
tanglewood design























some of our favorite designs!






















the shuttle bed/playhouse. a consistent favorite, this shuttle will take you beyond the stars!




















the ultimate basketball bunk bed. this incredible bunk bed includes an nba sized hoop!




















our modern indoor playhouse is perfect for waiting rooms, or living rooms. 




















our spanky's clubhouse is one of our most versatile creations. it works as a bed or playhouse, and is gender nuetral!




















our leeds castle is one of our most versatile designs. whether for a princess or a prince it's sure to please.









 


 
comments

home — 26 comments		






chaz bandy on december 27, 2017 at 11:45 am said: 

is there any way to get the plans for some of your more complex designs?


reply ↓ 






michael on december 27, 2017 at 2:22 pm said: 

hi chaz, all of the plans we offer are listed on our site. which of the designs are you interested in?


reply ↓ 








vanessa hansen on december 20, 2017 at 10:38 am said: 

i have a grandson and grand daughter. two separate rooms. i’m interested but need guidance. each room a different size but not tiny. how long can they sleep in these beds? i would hate to get and they grow out of the bed. what sizes do they come in? my concerns are space and pricing.


reply ↓ 






rachel on december 21, 2017 at 3:36 pm said: 

hi vanessa. though the majority of our beds are built to fit either a twin or a full mattress, we can create beds in queen and king sizes as well. many of the beds on our site have their dimensions listed on the page. for those that don’t, please give us a call. if you’d like to spend some time on the site and find a few beds you like, then we can easily talk with you more about what size they can and should be in order to fit in your rooms.
rachel


reply ↓ 








kie mori on october 14, 2017 at 10:08 am said: 

i really love the design you make. they are so beautiful.
could you send a princess castle bunk bed to japan?
and how much the shipping costs?
thank you,


reply ↓ 






michael on october 17, 2017 at 10:53 am said: 

hello kie,
yes, we can ship to japan and the cost will depend on the design. which one are you interested in?
michael


reply ↓ 








ls tanya pablo on october 1, 2017 at 7:49 pm said: 

love the design that the company do


reply ↓ 






michael on october 3, 2017 at 1:12 pm said: 

thank you for your comment. is there something we can help you with or answer any questions?


reply ↓ 








kim on september 29, 2017 at 4:19 am said: 

do you have plans for sale


reply ↓ 






rachel on october 3, 2017 at 12:49 pm said: 

yes we do! both for playhouses and for beds. you can find them here: http://playhousedesigns.com/product-category/default-category/building-plans/


reply ↓ 








dianne on july 26, 2017 at 7:37 am said: 

the cinderella carriage bunk bed. can you please tell me if it would be easy to disassemble if we would need to move. the door for the bedroom would not be large enough to fit it through put together. just wondering if the sides are held together with glue and hardware or just hardware.


reply ↓ 






michael on july 26, 2017 at 11:01 am said: 

yes the cinderella carriage bunk can be disassembled. it is just the reverse process of the assembly.


reply ↓ 








jessica garcia on may 2, 2017 at 2:08 pm said: 

my son has a room themes for space with planets and stars is there any design to match his room.. something where he can sleep and play in? 
thank you


reply ↓ 






michael on may 4, 2017 at 4:52 pm said: 

hi jessica,
i would recommend one of our space shuttles & you can find them here:  http://playhousedesigns.com/product-category/default-category/beds/vehicle-and-pirate-beds/space-ship-airplane-beds/ 
i hope you like the designs.
michael


reply ↓ 








tehmina azam on april 6, 2017 at 8:46 pm said: 

hello, if i send a picture of a design. would you be able to make it?


reply ↓ 






michael on april 10, 2017 at 2:14 pm said: 

hi tehmina,
it’s quite possible we may have done something like it already. if not please send us the picture and we’ll tell you what we can do.
thanks,
michael


reply ↓ 








daysi on march 9, 2017 at 9:02 pm said: 

i absolutely love your designs ? what’s the price for the white castle with slide ??
   sincerely
  daysi maravilla


reply ↓ 






michael on march 13, 2017 at 3:06 pm said: 

hi daysi,
thanks for your question. i believe you are talking about the leeds castle. here is the link to the page with pricing information. the link is http://playhousedesigns.com/product/leeds-castle/ . if this is the wrong design or you have additional questions, please let me know.
michael


reply ↓ 








jenn on february 20, 2017 at 7:23 pm said: 

what is ur price on a carriage princess toddler bed


reply ↓ 






michael on february 21, 2017 at 9:22 am said: 

hi jenn, the pricing for our petite carriage bed can be found here http://playhousedesigns.com/product/cinderella-coach-princess-carriage-bed/ . this design is for a twin size mattress, and it can be modified up to a full size or reduced to toddler size.


reply ↓ 








michael on february 8, 2017 at 9:25 am said: 

hello brenda,
yes, we have a couple of options for help with installation although generally the designs can be assembled by our clients.
call me if you’d like to talk about it – 801-261-2261 ext 101.
thanks,
michael


reply ↓ 






brenda munoz on february 7, 2017 at 11:36 am said: 

can you install the bed if i pay extra?


reply ↓ 






pam on january 10, 2017 at 6:20 pm said: 

do you take installments on the castle beds. maybe i could break it down into 3 payments over two months


reply ↓ 






michael on january 14, 2017 at 3:14 pm said: 

hi pam,
our layaway program is perfect for you. essentially you make a 25% deposit & spread out the balance over 3 – 6 months and then we ship your castle. click on this link for details.   . call me @ 801-261-2261 ext 101 & i’ll help design your castle and set up the layaway for you.
michael


reply ↓ 








keri on november 29, 2016 at 10:56 pm said: 

your designs are absolutely beautiful but, i don’t want to waste you time. our budget is $700 for a slide bed frozen theme thank you for any feedback and your time.
sincerely,
keri henderson


reply ↓ 






michael on november 30, 2016 at 9:09 am said: 

hi keri,
i’m just sorry that we don’t have anything available in that price range for the design you’d like but thanks for checking with us. perhaps we can help in the future.
michael


reply ↓ 






leave a reply cancel replyyour email address will not be published. required fields are marked *comment * name * 
email * 
website 
 save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time i comment.
 

δ 
html tags allowed in your comment: <a href="" title=""> <abbr title=""> <acronym title=""> <b> <blockquote cite=""> <cite> <code> <del datetime=""> <em> <i> <q cite=""> <s> <strike> <strong>  







check for current pricing due to the unprecedented rise in the cost of raw materials, it’s necessary to adjust the pricing on our designs. we hope this is temporary, but for now, please call for pricing

contact us tanglewood design, inc.
2500 s decker lake blvd #14
west valley city, ut 84119
call 801-261-2261 voice, voicemail or text (sms)
(801) 261-2378 fax
(877) 566-9988 toll free

we accept: 


before you orderlead time
cancellation policy
shipping information
faq’s
the building process
payment options
will it fit?
 

&copy - tanglewood design		 
 
 

↑



















