
















gulf coast veterinary specialists | houston emergency vet




















































































                        open 24/7/365 for emergencies 

news & events
careers
gcvs referral portal


   


search for:












for emergencies call 713.693.1111for specialty appointments click here  

 google map 




 menu




about
team
specialties
pet owners
veterinarians
telemedicine
contact & location
emergency
 










 



previous



next


  





 careersjoin a team of passionate veterinary professionals who provide excellent patient care with the help of cutting-edge technology and innovative techniques.apply todayspecialty serviceslearn more about our 15 comprehensive, specialized departments led by board-certified specialistslearn moreemergencygcvs is proud to provide 24/7 walk-in emergency careview emergency services           the entire staff is extremely professional and the facilities are superior to what you may see at most human hospitals.     gcvs is the place in houston to take your ailing pet in a health crisis.     if you find yourself in the unfortunate circumstance of having a critically ill pet and are referred to gcvs, you can be assured that your beloved friend will get the best of care.     i just have to express my appreciation for gcvs once more. my sweet pup lost his battle to cancer, but the doctors, nurses and staff at gcvs supported us through the very end.     great experience from start to finish. they treat your pet like their own.     the care scout has received at gcvs has been outstanding. every single person with whom we have come in contact has been so kind and caring.     best staff. best doctors. they treat you and your dog like they are their family.     the entire staff took great care of my girl and made us feel she was in good hands.     wonderful, wonderful emergency room. we were seen quickly, and our dog (who had swallowed a peach pit) was helped immediately. everyone was compassionate and concerned and very professional. we left with a copy of the records and a copy was sent to our vet. in an emergency, we would never go anywhere else.     we have been to several other er vet hospitals and gcvs is the best.     when you have a serious situation with a pet, this is the place you want to be. my vet recommends this facility for emergencies as well. they are truly a family of people who give unconditionally with knowledge and understanding. you cannot ask for better!     gcvs has been amazing throughout our whole process. the front desk is always sweet with waylon. i’ve also been impressed with the way they are aware of and manage situations with the other clients. i just can’t say enough about how kind and compassionate everyone has been. we’re on a journey that’s just awful, but gcvs has been with us every step of the way. i’ve been sharing our experience with everyone i know, and i can’t thank you enough. waylon thanks you, too, for saving his life and for giving us a little more time together to say goodbye.     gulf coast respects the value many of us place on our dearly loved pets. i am grateful to have them as a resource for caring for my dogs.     exceptional service from the moment i entered the building. i got lost, and a gentleman from the emergency area actually walked me to where i needed to go. while in the waiting room, a lady asked me if i wanted a water. the customer service is wonderful, as well as the doctor.     gcvs has literally been a life-saver for several of our pets. we are forever grateful.                    0 years of service         0+ doctors and staff         0 specialty departments         0 exam rooms         0+ square feet facility         0+ patients treated annually       recent news & events          what’s the difference between a critical care specialist and an emergency veterinarian? when your pet faces a medical emergency, understanding the roles of a critical care specialist …   read more           gulf coast veterinary specialists partners with corridor rescue to help rango, a resilient pup, find his forever home gulf coast veterinary specialists (gcvs) is proud to partner with corridor rescue to help a …   read more        all news & events  





search for:










 


for emergencies call 713.693.1111
need to send us a fax? 832.900.3970
need to pay your bill?
pay online
for specialty appointments
click here
gcvs referral portal
login



gulf coast veterinary specialists8042 katy freeway
houston, tx 77024
 google map




stay connected:
   







copyright © 2025 | privacy policy 






















































