







home - alaska legal services corporation




















































 





×
subscribe to our newsletter



name


first



last

email*


enter email



confirm email


namethis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
 









δ










 skip to primary navigation skip to main contentalaska legal services corporationaccess to justice in alaska
free self-help website:  alaska law help 

about alsc

leadership
careers
programs and projects
50th anniversary
news


client services

consumer
domestic violence
elder advocacy
family law
health
housing
public benefits
alaska native law
veterans


apply for help

eligibility
frequently asked questions
paper application
additional resources


community justice worker

register
resources
news


pro bono

why pro bono
become a pro bono volunteer
current pro bono opportunities
volunteer of the month


support us

make a donation
ways to give
cy pres awards
jammin’ for justice
givingtuesday


clinics and events

event calendar
landlord and tenant helpline


contact us
main content everyone deserves justice, whether or not they can afford a lawyer.
apply for help now!


 client services

alsc helps clients with critical civil legal issues, including consumer law, family law, housing, public benefits, health care, alaska native law, and other areas specific to veterans and seniors.

 make a difference

by volunteering your time and expertise through alsc’s pro bono program, you help low-income alaskans and their communities gain access to the justice system they might otherwise be unable to reach.

 donate to justice

when you donate to justice, you secure access to justice for all—not just those who can afford it. your donation provides civil legal aid for alaskans across the state, helping protect their livelihoods, health, and families.

evan j. chyun summer fellowshipevan j. chyun summer fellowship details:

 	application period: open until march 1, 2025
 	applications will be reviewed after february 1, 2025
 	fellowship duration: 12 weeks 
 	$12,000 stipend for the summer

alsc will select one law student for the 2025 evan j. chyun summer fellowship. the fellowship is full-time during the summer, starting after the law school … continue reading about evan j. chyun summer fellowshipjob opportunity: intake coordinatoralaska legal services corporation (alsc) is recruiting for a full-time (35 hours per week) intake coordinator in the anchorage office. alsc’s statewide intake line manages a high volume of calls from all regions of alaska. the intake coordinator is responsible for responding to intake line calls, screening and performing intake of calls, making referrals for callers, … continue reading about job opportunity: intake coordinatorbring your legal expertise to alaska: pro bono opportunities for out-of-state attorneysalaska is rich in natural beauty and resources, but it faces a significant challenge: a shortage of lawyers who can help low income and underrepresented alaskans navigate legal issues.

under alaska bar rule 43.6, attorneys licensed in other states can now practice law in alaska without undergoing the typical admission process or paying fees, provided they offer pro bono … continue reading about bring your legal expertise to alaska: pro bono opportunities for out-of-state attorneys
about us
alaska legal services corporation is a 501(c)(3) nonprofit that provides high quality free civil legal services to low-income alaskans in need. since 1967, alsc’s services have reached thousands of alaskans and their communities to protect their safety, their health and promote family stability.
 


quick links
client services
eligibilty guidelines
apply for help
upcoming legal clinics
additional resources
volunteer with alsc
careers
support alsc
community justice worker program
contact us

connect


























join alsc's email  list














copyright © 2025 alaska legal services corporation · all rights reserved website by tomatillo design · disclaimer and accessibility statementclosesearch for... 



































