home page | mr. handyman of se bellevue425-386-8575send messagemenusend messagehomeservicesaboutreviewswhy hire us?contactmr. handyman of se bellevueserving the bellevue and issaquah areaincluding: bellevue, mercer island, renton, sammamish, issaquah, and snoqualmehome improvement, maintenance & repairtrust your home to mr. handymanwelcome to mr. handyman of se bellevue where professional, safe, reliable handyman service for your entire "to do" list is just one call away. each day, with every job we do, we endeavor to please customers and to protect the trust of our friends who refer us.if you want a trusted partner to support your home improvement, home maintenance and repair projects, and commercial service needs - call bellevue's most trusted handyman.request serviceit's not done,until it's done right.learn morethe neighborly done right promise®mr. handyman, a proud neighborly company, is committed to providing youwith outstanding service. all our service professionals operate on a simplebut powerful principle - if a job’s not done right, we’llmake it right.we know that caring for your home can be stressful, so we want you to feelreassured knowing that we take great pride in the work we do, and we makesure it’s done to the highest standard. that’s why we’reproud to stand behind our work with the mr. handyman done right promise.if it’s not done right, we promise to make it right.our business is about people. when you put your trust in us, we want youto be happy you did, so the next time you need a hand, you’ll call us again.with mr. handyman you can be sure your job will be done right. we standbehind our workmanship with a done right promise. if your service wasnot done right, we promise to make it right. contact mr. handyman of se bellevue within 6 months of the service and we will make it right.no matter the project, mr. handyman will get it done right.ask for full terms and conditions.close*as of april 2022read reviewsget your to-do list done.view our servicescontact us today to discuss your projects.request servicecontact us 24/7send us a messagemissing nameplease provide a phone numberplease provide a valid email addressplease provide a 5 digit zip code of the service addressplease include a message before submitting.submita mr. handyman team member will be happy to review your project needs over the phone, and can discuss pricing and timing options.by phonecall  425-386-8575 to speak with a team member. if you reach our answering service or voice mail after hours, please leave a message: we return calls in the order they are received, typically within the next business hour.by emailmessages sent using the form on this site, go directly to our email, which we check regularly.company & license informationmr. handyman of se bellevuewa license #mrhanhb763be425-386-8575mr. handyman of se bellevue13300 se 30th st #209bellevue, wa98005contractor license info:wa license #mrhanhb763be© mr. handyman, all rights reserved.privacy policyreturn to top