

















institute of culinary education | ranked #1 top culinary school in america











































  skip to main content








ice celebrates 50 years of culinary excellence! read more.








skip to main site navigation
skip to main content












click to access the menu







close this panel




search the institute of culinary education



go





merged - main menuprogramsculinary artsplant-based culinary artspastry & baking artsrestaurant & culinary managementtourism, travel & hospitality managementassociate degree: culinary artsassociate degree: plant-based culinary artsassociate degree: pastry & baking artsdual diploma discountonlineculinary arts & food operationsplant-based culinary arts & food operationsbaking and pastry arts & food operationsrestaurant & culinary managementtourism, travel & hospitality managementassociate degree: culinary arts & food operationsassociate degree: plant-based culinary arts & food operationsassociate degree: baking and pastry arts & food operationscontinuing edintensive sommelier trainingartisan bread bakingart of cake decoratingadvanced culinary studiesplant-based classeswine & beverage studiescampusesnew yorklos angelesonlineadmissionsopen housemeet admissions staffhousingtransfer college creditsschool counselorshow to enrolltuition & aidtuition, fees & discountsfinancial aidfinancial aid optionsscholarshipstax benefitsfor new studentswhy ice?alumni testimonialsstudent experiencehigh school graduatesmilitary & veteranscareer changerscollege graduatesinternational studentsaboutour storyalumni profilesfacultyeventsvips on campusnews & mediablogadministrationcommencementcareers at icecareer resourcescareer servicesjob placementalumni resourcespartner with icedisclosures



merged - above utility menuapplyrequest info


merged - utility menublogcampusesrecreational classeshost your eventupcoming events



get infocalltextchatapplyevents




            welcome to the institute of culinary education
                  ranked no. 1 culinary school in america*
                  with a global curriculum, dedicated chef-instructors, a strong job placement record and a clear entrepreneurial focus, ice is recognized by top chefs and hospitality professionals as a leading pathway to beginning or continuing a wide range of culinary and hospitality careers.
                  #
                  1
                  "america's best culinary school"
                  ice, its faculty and alumni have been awarded top honors by the james beard foundation, the iacp, usa today, the daily meal and more. find out why an ice education puts you in amazing company. [1]
      learn about our campus programs            19
                  k
                  alumni
                  our alumni run top kitchens around the globe, winning awards and transforming the future of culinary innovation. 88% report that their ice education has proved somewhat or extremely important to their careers. [2]
      meet our successful alumni            50
                  years
                  with 50 years of experience launching culinary careers, ice is among the most respected culinary schools in new york and in america. in the last two years, ice placed students in over 300 establishments, prompting praise from industry leaders. [3]
      discover where ice can take youdiploma programs
                  culinary arts
                  pastry & baking arts
                  plant-based culinary arts
                  restaurant & culinary management
                  tourism, travel and hospitality management
                  online - culinary arts & food operations
                  online - plant-based culinary arts & food operations
      degree programs
                  culinary arts associate degree
                  pastry & baking arts associate degree
                  plant-based culinary arts associate degree
      continuing education programs
                  intensive sommelier training
                  techniques of artisan bread baking
                  the art of cake decorating
                  culinary leaders praise ice
                  mashama bailey
                  james beard award-winning chef & co-founder, the grey, ice culinary arts '01
                  “i’m honored that my alma mater has named a scholarship in my honor. i’m pleased that it is tied to the recipient having a focus on regional cooking, as i want to inspire others to that direction.”
                  daniel humm
                  chef & owner, three-michelin-starred eleven madison park
                  “when looking for the next generation of great chefs, ice is one of the first places that we turn to. not only does the school provide the foundational skills needed to excel in a michelin-level kitchen, but it is also a home for culinary innovation — promoting new and more sustainable approaches to our craft through programs like the plant-based culinary arts diploma.”
                  tom colicchio
                  award-winning chef & restaurateur, head judge of "top chef"
                  i’ve been working with ice students in new york for years and they are consistently among the best young chefs in my restaurants. 
                  gail simmons
                  special projects editor at food & wine, and "top chef" judge, ice culinary arts '99 
                  having the strong culinary background that i learned from ice really helped me with everything i have done since school. it gave me credibility in the industry, and gave me the language and the skills i needed to later stand beside some of the greatest chefs in the world.
                  danny meyer
                  founder & executive chairman, union square hospitality group
                  it's amazing to see what kind of important contributions ice alumni have made to our restaurants. when an applicant comes to us from ice, we know they've been schooled in both the technical and hospitality skills so crucial to succeed in this business.
                  daniel boulud
                  award-winning chef & restaurateur, the dinex group
                  the institute of culinary education has proven to be an excellent resource for us for many years. with its world class programs and curriculum, i know i will continue to rely on ice to recruit skilled, ambitious young professionals.
                  jean-georges vongerichten
                  award winning chef & restaurateur, jean-georges restaurants
                  ice instills in its alumni the highest standards and discipline, which is always shown through their work. at jean-georges and other restaurants, we look forward to seeing ice on an applicant's resume and are always impressed by their determination, imagination and devotion to the culinary arts. 
                  marc murphy
                  chef, author & tv personality, ice culinary arts '90
                  ice helped lay the foundations of my education as a chef. it was there that i learned the basics, and those lessons have stayed with me throughout my entire career, from paris to monte carlo to new york city.
                  michael anthony
                  executive chef & partner, one-michelin-starred gramercy tavern
                  the talented chef-instructors at ice clearly teach students skills that prepare them for the reality of working at the highest level in the restaurant industry. we rely on ice as an integral partner in recruiting well-trained new staff, full of potential!
                  drew nieporent
                  james beard award-winning restaurateur, myriad restaurant group
                  the graduates and externs we have hired over the years from the institute of culinary education have always come to us informed, eager to work and well-trained.
                  ivy stark
                  chef & owner, bklynwild and méxology, ice culinary arts '95
                  i chose ice as a postgraduate education. i wanted to be a chef but didn't need to pursue another degree — i wanted to work! i needed a strong foundation in classic technique taught in a relatively short time, that i could take to any restaurant and build my skills on, and that's exactly what i got at ice.
                  michael laiskonis
                  ice creative director, former executive pastry chef, le bernardin
                  after a successful 20 years in some amazing kitchens, i'd earned a lot of opportunities - and i chose to join the team at ice. i have always admired ice, and education is the perfect opportunity for me to give back, to inspire the next generation of chefs to enjoy and excel in a career in culinary or pastry arts.
                  wolfgang puck
                  award-winning chef & restaurateur, wolfgang puck restaurants
                  i was thrilled to learn that the institute of culinary education is expanding and opening its second location in los angeles. it is a hub of culinary innovation, and having a culinary school of ice’s caliber in this market will only enhance the city’s standing as a major culinary center in the u.s.
                  eric ripert
                  award-winning chef & co-owner, three-michelin-starred le bernardin
                  “i have had the privilege of working with ice students for many years at le bernardin. these aspiring chefs consistently show dedication, a strong work ethic and a genuine passion for the culinary arts.”
                  mary attea
                  james beard award-finalist, executive chef of michelin-starred the musket room and raf's, ice culinary arts '11
                  "my time at the institute of culinary education was an invaluable experience that set me on a strong path forward in my career. it provided me with the foundation i needed to feel confident and ready to take on the challenges that awaited. from the coursework to the instructors, i felt that care was taken in making sure i was prepared to enter the culinary industry. i am extremely grateful for my time at ice."
      more rave reviews            campuses in culinary capitals
                  with campuses in dynamic and exciting food cities — new york city and los angeles — and award-winning culinary curricula, ice brings students to the forefront of the food and hospitality industries.
                  new york city
                  our 74,000-square-foot facility in lower manhattan's brookfield place is an environment that encourages creativity and innovation.
      explore ice new york             los angeles
                  our campus in the center of pasadena features 38,000 square feet of space dedicated to learning, innovation and creativity.
      explore ice los angeles            tour our facilities
                  get a glimpse of what life is like at ice. our campuses are located in two culinary capitals of the world and are designed to foster creativity and community. our low instructor-to-student ratio encourages hands-on learning, personal mentoring and teamwork. ice is renowned in the food and hospitality industries for consistently producing top talent. experience ice yourself.
      play videodismiss this video panel            take advantage of ice
                  hire our alumni
                  whether you’re looking to add entry-level staff or source seasoned executive chefs or general managers, the ice alumni network is your resource for talented candidates.
      post your job            host your event
                  combining a cocktail party, a hands-on cooking class and an informal banquet, ice cooking parties and group cooking events are the perfect way to celebrate and entertain.
      start planning            cook and have fun
                  ice new york is home to one of the largest programs of hands-on recreational cooking, baking and wine classes in the country — all offered year-round.
      explore classesnews & events
    mental floss
  get festive with holiday macaronsnews & eventsnews & pressupcoming eventsdemos & lecturesnews & presshow a culinary school instructor makes pancakes14 mid-shelf scotches you should be putting on your bar cartthe best and worst flours for making fried chicken learn moreupcoming events3mar2025open house: online plant-based culinary arts & food operations21mar2025open house: culinary arts, restaurant & culinary management, continuing education22mar2025open house: pastry & baking arts22mar2025open house: plant-based culinary artslearn moredemos & lectureslearn morestories by icefeatured articlevital names: the 100-year (and counting) legacy of chef robert w. lee february 12, 2025read nowlatest articlesvalentine's day strawberry cheesecake recipethis valentine's day, express your love in the sweetest way possible.february 14, 2025ice at 50: for sameer bhatt, bungalow ny partner and distinguished ice alum, hard work is a superpower to celebrate 50 years of ice, we're honoring 50 esteemed ice alumni. meet bungalow ny partner sameer bhatt.february 12, 2025visit the diced blog            start your journey today.
                  request free information about our award-winning career training programs, speak with an ice admissions representative about your goals and questions or schedule a personal tour — however you'd like to start your journey, we're here to help.request infovisit admissionsapply now


for over five decades, the institute of culinary education has been a leader in culinary and hospitality education. let us help you find your culinary voice.new york campus:225 liberty street, 3rd floor, new york, ny 10281(888) 354-cheflos angeles campus:521 east green street, pasadena, ca 91101(888) 718-chefquick linksculinary artsplant-based culinary artspastry & baking artsrestaurant & culinary managementtourism, travel & hospitality managementcontinuing education classesonline - culinary arts & food operationsonline – plant-based culinary arts & food operationsonline – restaurant & culinary managementonline – tourism, travel & hospitality managementabout icenew york campuslos angeles campusadmissionsopen housesalumni resourcespartner with icesuccess storieshire an alumcareers at iceget directions to ice new yorkget directions to ice los angelesfollow usfacebooktwitterinstagramyoutubesnapchat







ice is accredited by accsc and licensed by bppe (in ca) and bpss (in ny), and is not regulated in tx under chapter 132 of the texas education code.© 2024 institute of culinary education. all rights reserved.

[1]usa today 2019;  the daily meal 2016[2]ice alumni survey;  [3]for individual program graduation and employment rates, please see the catalog.


terms of useprivacy policydmca policyjoin the ice teamapplicant privacy statementny career catalog & brochurela career catalog & brochurela annual report and school performance fact sheets bureau for private and postsecondary education (bppe) higher education emergency relief fundnondiscrimination statement & title ix policyhigher education consumer information disclosures

do not sell my personal information

































































