






california lodging industry association – clia – serving california hotels owners and the hotel industry.





















skip to content




california lodging industry association - clia
serving california hotels owners and the hotel industry.














about clia


clia unique niche
a message from the clia president
history
board of directors
events


membership


join clia
member benefits
associate members
clia helpline


government affairs
awards & scholarships


lodging excellence awards
clia academic scholarship


suppliers & vendors
press room



















the new season of traliant’s award-winning preventing discrimination & harassment for hotels training is now available! updated with new content, actors, videos, and images, the new season ensures employees remain engaged and don’t have to repeat the same course year after year.
highlights of what’s new this season:
fresh images and videos throughout, including new host and video scenarios.streamlined course structure for employees and managers that prioritizes behavior change and actionable content.after learners complete automatically assigned state-specific training, they can easily view other state requirements via an interactive map.simplified state reporting and guidelines module that is incredibly helpful for managers with employees in multiple states. managers can quickly find information on local definitions of harassment, procedures for filing sexual harassment complaints, remedies for victims of harassment, personal liability, and other information.
get started
the new season of preventing discrimination & harassment training is compliant with federal, state and city regulations, including ca, ct, de, il, chicago, me, ny, nyc and wa state.
preview and purchase the new season today!













recovery strategy playbook








darren cole of booking.com spoke at the june 19th “ask the experts” conference call about strategies and campaigns to boost hotel revenues during the reopening phase. due to the depth and comprehensive nature of his talk, darren has offered to provide this information to our clialert audience with a concise downloadable presentation.“we want to thank darren cole and booking.com for sharing this invaluable roadmap for rebuilding hotel occupancy and adr during this catastrophic downturn experienced by hotels” says pravin pranav, clia president.“in times like this, it is heartwarming to see the generosity of all segments of the lodging industry.”get the playbook













leavitt pacific insurance brokers





















openkey ble upgrade module








introducing the openkey ble upgrade module upgrade any lock to mobile key capable for $49 maintains current keycard function including magstripe lifetime warranty
clia members get a 20% discount on monthly fees!
improve:
guest social reviews
repeat visitation
occupancy and adr
contact: jacob liggett at 469-623-7928 or jliggett@openkey.com













celebrating clia








a dynamic, growing organization committed to serving california’s lodging owners and their management teams. based in sacramento, the state capitol, clia is the recognized lodging advocacy leader. focused exclusively on california, clia works in concert with other leading hospitality and business groups to support and protect california’s $95 billion tourism industry, through responsible advocacy. in addition, clia continually provides education and training to improve profitability and performance. clia is an organization you can count on to get answers, and a productive place to network.
clia – serving lodging owners and their management teams
“the mission of the california lodging industry association is to promote, protect and advance the interests of lodging owners and their management teams statewide, and to provide a network of resources to support member efficiency, profitability and professionalism.”













a message from the clia president







welcome to clia! the california lodging industry association is the foremost state association of individually owned lodging properties in the country. read more
2024 board of directors













member services helpline







the helpline is a valuable members only resource offering information and guidance with concerns or questions regarding innkeeping law, wage and hour issues, regulatory issues, labor laws, marketing tips, tax liabilities and other related questions.
join clia today












search clia

search for:



sign up for clia alerts
click to sign up for our electronic newsletter.clia members receive a 50% discount

improve service, morale and staffing shortages while saving money

online library of hospitality ebook courses for everyone: entry-level to ownersbooking.comindustry news

hotel executive
hotel interactive
hotel news now
hotel online
lodging
no vacancy news
u.s.travel association
visit california


contact usphone: (916) 925-2915
direct: (916) 822-1213
	fax: (916) 686-1321

1017 l street #527
sacramento, ca 95814-3805


bobbie singh-allen
executive vice president:bsinghallen@clia.org


yajahira bolanos: yajahira@clia.org


mike belote
lobbyist california advocates:
mbelote@caladvocates.com


general inquiries:info@clia.org
sponsors































about clia
membership
government affairs
awards & scholarships
suppliers & vendors
press room




	copyright © 2025 california lodging industry association - clia











