guide dogs | the guide dogs for the blind association













 








skip to content
skip to footer








ensuring our website is accessible 

shop 







                        search textbox label
                    


                        search
                    


sponsor a puppy 



 

getting supporthow you can helpdonateplay and winabout us 

 











menu






sponsor a puppy










getting support


help for adults
help for children and families
information and advice
guide dog service
getting in touch
community teams



how you can help


volunteering
fundraise with us
donating
sighted guide training
campaigning
rehome a dog
how your school or youth group can help
how your company can get involved
help us from home
invite a speaker



donate


single donation
monthly donation



play and win


responsible gambling
play the lucky lottery
play the guide dogs' raffle



about us


careers
what we do
guide dogs' centres
how your money is helping
finance & governance
our dog welfare principles
our sustainability strategy
safeguarding
forward magazine
guide dogs on tv





ensuring our website is accessible


shop




                                                close
                                                










 


homepagevolunteer and make a differenceshare the love this valentine’s season by volunteering. you could help transform the life of someone living with sight loss.explore volunteering opportunitiesguide dogs is one of the uk’s leading sight loss charities. our expert staff, volunteers and life-changing guide dogs help people with sight loss live the life they choose. we couldn’t continue our vital work without your generous donations and our amazing volunteers.


gifts in willsgifts in wills help open up a world of opportunity for people living with sight loss. find out more about leaving a gift in your will today. 


macular degeneration awareness monthliving with macular degeneration can be challenging, but the right support, tools, and strategies can help you maintain independence and make daily life easier. learn more about managing macular degeneration and the resources available to support you.


campaign with uswe believe that no one should be held back by a vision impairment. we campaign for the rights of people with sight loss to help them access public transport, our town centres and other public services.


volunteer as a puppy raisermake a life-changing impact by raising one of our incredible puppies and giving them the foundation to become guide dogs. no experience needed, we’ll support you every step, and cover all your volunteer related expenses.

living with macular degeneration: chris's storyif you would prefer to watch the video without audio description, there is a non-described version here.


other popular links....


play the lucky lotteryyou could win up to £1,000 every week by playing our charity lottery. it’s easy to play and costs just £1 per chance. better still, there are 210 guaranteed weekly winners – so no rollovers!


sponsor a puppyour new recruits clover, norman and henry are just starting their journey to becoming life-changers. for just £1 a week, you can help give someone with sight loss the freedom to live the life they choose. sponsor a puppy today! 


headphones to help people with vision impairmentdiscover the headphones we recommend for people with vision impairment, including open-ear and in-ear headphones, and how to navigate safely while wearing them.








 

useful linksuseful linkswant to find out more about guide dogs and sight loss? here are other helpful links...
faqs
news and blog
jobs
inspiring stories
 




 

keep in touchkeep in touchdo you have an enquiry? why not contact a member of our friendly staff?
contact us
sign up to our email updates
 




 

social mediasocial mediawant to keep up to date with all the latest at guide dogs? follow us on social media.
 

 






facebook





follow on facebook







follow on twitter




youtube





follow on youtube




instagram





follow on instagram




linkedin





follow on linkedin







follow on tiktok




pinterest





follow on pinterest

 


 






© the guide dogs for the blind association 2025
guide dogs is a working name of the guide dogs for the blind association. registered office: hillfields, burghfield common, reading, berkshire rg7 3yg. a company limited by guarantee registered in england and wales (291646) and a charity registered in england and wales (209617), scotland (sc038979) and isle of man (1334). 






 




 

 






 




 

 
 

sitemap
finance and governance
website terms of use
safeguarding
privacy policy
modern slavery
de & i strategy



top 
 

update your browser to access guide dogs
it appears you're using a web browser that we do not support.
if you would like to enjoy the full guide dogs experience, please ensure your browser is updated to the latest version. alternatively, you can use one of the following supported browsers.
 chrome
 firefox
 internet explorer
 edge
 safari
 




