






iti's literarymarketplace.com ™



























































 






























   







new 
      - weekly subscription option available!



click 
      here to subscribe









   








 
		advanced search allows subscribers to combine terms 
		and specifications in as many as twelve different categories






  

























alphabetical listing

u.s. publishers
canadian publishers
international publishers






















alphabetical listing

u.s. and canada
literary agents
illustration agents
lecture agents

international
literary agents












			free users and subscribers have full access to small presses and the categories listed below. 
			in the publishers and agents categories, free user access is limited to company names and addresses.  
			subscribers have access to full profiles of publishers and agents. all users may use alphabetic browsing, 
			keyword searching of all fields, and advanced search options.
			
















alphabetical listing

advertising and marketing
manufacturing
sales and distribution
services and suppliers



















browse resources
			isbn information; organizations; calendar of events; courses & conferences; reference books & magazines; awards.
			

















update or correct your entry
feedback
forgot password?
change password
site usage









 



literarymarketplace.com brings the power of automated searching to the world's largest, 
		most complete database of the book publishing industry.  here are just a few examples of 
		what you can do:

		find publishers of a particular subject and/or type of publication. use one of our more 
		than 170 subject terms or create a customized term through the keyword search.
		
		
		find every book publisher in a specific city, state, or even postal zip code beginning 
		with the same two or three digits.
		
		
		did you ever remember the name of someone but not where they work?  first name, 
		last name, or part of a name will find the person you're looking for, as well as his or her title and place of work.
		
		
		do you want to limit your results to large publishers?  or to small publishers?  
		you can define your search by the number of publications issued in the past year.
		
		
		how about downloading and producing mailing labels for every person with the word 
		"marketing" in his or her title? our new job title index and downloading functionality will do this for you.


 

















home   |  
subscribe    |  
publishers    |  
literary agents   |  
industry services
advanced search   |  
advertising   |  
terms of use   |  
privacy/cookies policy   |  
corrections?   |  
feedback
copyright © 2025 information today, inc.  all rights reserved.  literary market place™ and literarymarketplace.com™ are trademarks of information today, inc.  
view information today, inc.'s privacy/cookies policy, or  literarymarketplace.com's terms of use.






