

































department of english | university of pittsburgh






















skip to main content
















dietrich school of arts & sciencesdepartment of english 










toggle navigation










use this for to search the site.




search





 search this site



search

















about
undergraduateacademic programscertificates

requirements
scholarships/awardsdepartmental prizes

teaching & tutoring
advising
fantasy studies fellowship
internshipsinternship database
learning agreement
requirements

publish your writing
experiential and professional resources for students

graduatephd: english
phd: film & media studies
master of arts
master of fine arts
graduate admissions
graduate handbook
graduate students
alumni careers

peoplefaculty affiliations
university faculty awards
faculty, graduate students, emeritus faculty, and staff
in memoriam

alumni & givingstay in touchthe fifth floor

endowments
give to english

faculty resources
prospective students





 






 





  

welcome to pitt english
 



  

explore new ideas
our award-winning programs bring out the best in our students.
  



  

innovative curricula
with a supportive academic environment, the english department is here for those looking to expand their horizons. 
  








 



 

programs & certificates



 


composition

the composition program offers a wide range of opportunities for english majors and undergraduates in various fields of study. 


  

 


film and media

the film and media studies program offers a variety of courses in both critical studies and film and video production.


  

 


literature

the literature program is committed to imaginative, interdisciplinary and theoretical engagement with anglophone literatures.


  

 


writing

the writing program teaches students to foster a range of reading and writing strategies as well as skills of critical analysis.


  

 


digital narrative & interactive design

dnid is a foundational program of study for students interested in the intersection of english, media studies, and computing.


  

 


certificates 

learn more about certificate programs in public and professional writing, children’s literature, public communication of science and technology, and disability studies.


  








  
 composition
the composition program offers a wide range of opportunities for english majors and undergraduates in various fields of study 

  
 film and media
the film and media studies program offers a variety of courses in both critical studies and film and video production.
 

  
 literature
the literature program is committed to imaginative, interdisciplinary and theoretical engagement with anglophone literatures.
 

  
 writing
the writing program teaches students to foster a range of reading and writing strategies as well as skills of critical analysis.
 

  
 digital narrative & interactive design
dnid is a foundational program of study for students interested in the intersection of english, media studies, and computing.
 

  
 certificates 
learn more about certificate programs in public and professional writing, children’s 











 

u.s. news ranked graduate program
the dietrich school educates 15 percent of the university’s graduate and graduate professional students, making it the largest graduate program in pittsburgh. u.s. news and world report recently recognized the department of english for the excellence of its graduate programs.


 
   















home




 






  
  events
view all events  














history of the department 















center for african american poetry & poetics


the center for african american poetry and poetics is a creative think tank for african american and african diasporic poetries and poetics.










the writing institute


the writing institute promotes a dynamic writing culture at the university of pittsburgh, supports individual writers, and administers the writing requirement.






 









department of english







university of pittsburgh
kenneth p. dietrich school of arts & sciences
department of english
4200 fifth avenue
526 cathedral of learning
pittsburgh, pa 15260
412-624-6506
 










resources

advising
the writing center
the william s. dietrich ii institute for writing excellence
center for african american poetry and poetics
pittsburgh contemporary writer's series
digital media and pedagogy
the fifth floor e-newsletter
social media links
tuition and rates










revised 02/12/25copyright 2025









