




wayside furniture & mattress | akron, cleveland, canton, medina, youngstown, ohio





















skip to main content







track delivery





























search









locations

come say hello!


wayside furniture & mattress – showroom


warehouse, delivery, service, parts & warranty dep



view all




sign in



cart


0






search





search
















locations


view cart 0


sign in





store hoursmonday - friday: 10am - 7pmsaturday: 10am - 6pm | sunday: 12pm - 6pmwarehouse hoursmonday - saturday: 8:30am - 6pmsunday: 12pm - 5pmthe following phone lines are experiencing technical difficulties: customer service, warehouse & deliveryif you have trouble contacting these departments directly, please call our main store at 330-733-6221.if you are reaching out between 8:30am - 10am, please call us at 330-733-7173 or you can text 330-302-6010 (text only).








































































































current promotionsview our current ads.start saving →free loaner programif you have to wait for your furniture, we'll lend you some in the meantime.learn more →for new parentsfree crib or $100 gift card!redeem free gift →design serviceslet us help you create your perfect room.learn how →about uswhy choose wayside furniture & mattresslearn more →visit the cafemonday - friday from 10:00 am to 3:00 pmwayside cafe →


start browsing









living room







dining room







bedroom







patio







entertainment







mattresses







office







accents







shop all

in the communityhandshakethe summit.fmguardiansbest seats in thehousecleveland metroparks ten to exploreview calendar of community events →
make it yoursfurnishing your home is a personal experience and it should reflect your personality and style. our custom furniture program allows you to take a sofa frame and pair it with your favorite fabric or configure a sectional to fit your home.custom optionsred brick amish furniture shopcustom solid wood furniture that is made in ohio is our specialty. our showroom in akron, oh features handcrafted, solid wood cabinetry, bedroom and dining room furniture in customized finishes, including designs from contemporary to traditional.shop now"keeping it local since 1937"



shop mattresses









tempur-pedic







stearns & foster







sealy







white dove







beautyrest







serta







sierra sleep








see what we're up to!


what's your style?









casual







contemporary







traditional







mid-century modern







relaxed vintage







transitional







rustic







shop all

wayside furniture & mattress - akron, cleveland, canton, medina, youngstown, ohio furniture storewelcome to wayside furniture & mattress. with one local furniture store in akron oh, we have been serving the akron, cleveland, canton, medina, youngstown, ohio area since 1937. we feature top name brands and a large showroom and stock furniture for your entire home. start off furnishing your home with the essentials; try out our cozy sofas and sectionals in a variety of fabrics and leathers; visit our bedroom department to see a wide range of bed styles including platform beds, sleigh beds and full bedroom sets; speak with one of our dining experts on customizable table and chair sets; or take a rest on one of our many queen mattresses on display. we have all the small stuff covered as well including end tables and accent tables, bookshelves, kids furniture, desks, accent cabinets, and even rugs and other accessories. wayside furniture & mattress also provides great mattress and bedding shopping bringing you serta, white dove and tempur-pedic mattresses. with a quality selection and great low prices wayside furniture & mattress beats all other northeastern ohio furniture stores.explorecoffee tablessectionalsdining setssleeper sofasaccent chairstv standswhy shop wayside furniture & mattresswayside furniture & mattress offers the best furniture shopping experience in the akron, cleveland, canton, medina, youngstown, ohio area. with our unbeatable customer service and a friendly and knowledgeable staff you will have no problem building the home of your dreams. we are here to guide you to that perfect leather recliner for your living room or a budget-friendly kids bed. our expert designers offer advice on projects big and small. whether you aren’t sure where your living room renovations should start, or just need a second opinion on the couch you have been eyeing. you will not only run into our logo and team in our local furniture store, wayside furniture & mattress is an active and proud member of the akron community, supporting local businesses, arts, sports, and other events. support local with us! we strive to provide you with quality furniture from top manufacturers like smith brothers, flexsteel and ashley so you know what you are purchasing from wayside furniture & mattress will last in your home. thanks for being a customer and we look forward to working with you.










don’t miss out on deals & new releases





submitting...







contact notes - required*

do you agree to the terms of service?
































wayside furniture & mattress features a great selection of sofas, sectionals, recliners, chairs, leather furniture, custom upholstery, beds, mattresses, dressers, nightstands, dining sets, kitchen storage, office furniture, entertainment and can help you with your home design and decorating. wayside furniture & mattress offers great quality furniture, at a low price to the akron, cleveland, canton, medina, youngstown, ohio area.
information accuracy - we have taken great care to provide you with information that is accurate and useful. please notify us if you find an error and we will do our best to correct it. we ask that you contact us directly to confirm information about pricing, color, features, dimensions, availability and lead times.
nothing on this page may be copied or reproduced without explicit permission.







site powered by furnituredealer.net © 2006 - 2025 furnituredealer.net, inc., all rights reserved.


privacy policy
accessibility statement
do not sell my personal information






























