

























	coloplast - corporate




















select country




close






find your coloplast country website


select your country

select your country







headline




north america
south america
europe
africa
russia
asia
australia





















menu
search





select country ▾










search







no suggestions

                                                show all results
                                            


























































about coloplast


investor relations


sustainability


news & press 


career


products


contact


menu











about coloplast
coloplast develops products and services that make life easier for people with very personal and private medical conditions. working closely with the people who use our products, we create solutions that are sensitive to their special needs.
learn more about coloplast








investor relations
learn more about our latest financial information, upcoming events and other key dates, archives of announcements, presentations, conference calls and much more.
get our latest financial information















latest news
view all latest news









                about coloplast






the coloplast mission
coloplast develops products and services that make life easier for people with very personal and private medical conditions. working closely with the people who use our products, we create solutions that are sensitive to their special needs. we call this intimate healthcare.
coloplast mission and values








corporate responsibility
coloplast began as a small company in denmark more than sixty years ago. today, we employ more than 13,000 people and are represented in 45 countries around the world.
responsibility is part of our business










investor events
here you will find an overview of all future events. further events will be added as confirmed.

future events








annual report
get our latest annual report.
annual report








shareholder portal
as a shareholder you can access a wide range of investor information through the shareholder portal. for example, you can view your shareholding, choose which investor information you wish to receive, register for general meetings, appoint a proxy or postal vote.

visit the shareholder portal













                our products






ostomy care
our portfolio offers a range of innovative bags that make the consumers feel secure and confident. our wide and global offering also ensures that there is a product to meet the individual needs and we help with customized solutions for different body shapes and needs. to make life easier for people living with a stoma, we listen carefully to consumers and healthcare specialists to improve existing products and develop new ones that make a real difference in their lives.
our ostomy care products








continence care
our continence product range addresses two types of issues: not being able to empty the bladder or bowel, and leakage of urine and faeces. when researching and developing new concepts, we aim to create products that are easy to carry, apply and remove. the design must be as discreet as possible – with intuitive handling, minimal noise and odour – so that consumers feel at ease, no matter where they are and what they are doing.
our continence care products








wound care
our advanced dressings are simple to apply and remove and always provide a close comfortable fit – many of our dressings are tailored to the body contours. our dressings do more than manage difficult wounds, they also support healing. to help fight infection and reduce pain, we use active ingredients in several of our dressings. we want patients with non-healing wounds to be free of pain and discomfort.
our wound care products










interventional urology
interventional urology produces a range of surgical devices that help people suffering from urological disorders. we focus on conditions in stone management, lower urology (bladder and prostate), female pelvic health and men’s health. interventional urology draws on the coloplast physician research and training center in the united states, which allows us to pioneer new technologies.
our interventional urology products








coloplast professional
we believe that nurses are essential to improve the standard of care. we want to give you as a nurse opportunities to enhance your skills and experience – in a flexible learning environment. that's why we created coloplast professional. coloplast professional is an education and collaboration platform supporting you in deepening your knowledge, accelerating your clinical experience and shaping the future of patient care.
go to coloplast professional























free product samples
visit your local website to order your free samples.
visit your local website 

















facebook



instagram



youtube



linkedin







about us

our history
mission & values
sustainability
e-invoice


investor relations

announcements
events
annual reports
share information
corporate governance
investor contact


press

news
press releases
downloads
press contact


careers

global jobs
working at coloplast
students and graduates


products

ostomy care
continence care
wound care
interventional urology





coloplast group - holtedam 1 - humlebaek - dk 3050 - denmarkcookie policy - cookie settings - terms of use - privacy notice - binding corporate rules - coloplast products - instructions for use - eu declarations of conformity - patient information leaflets
 

eu declarations of conformity






view desktop version



















