













trial lawyers for public justice





















 



























 




read
    our
    privacy policy




















 
 

 
 
 

















public justice (formerly trial 
lawyers for public justice) opened its doors 25 years ago to pursue an inspiring 
vision -- building the 
trial lawyers' public interest law firm. we 
have done that and more. over the past quarter century, no public interest law 
firm in the country has been involved in a broader range range of high-impact, 
cutting-edge litigation. so we've become public justice to pursue an expanded, 
inspiring vision -- building 
america's public interest law firm. 

public justice fights for 
justice through precedent-setting and socially significant individual and class 
action litigation designed to enhance

consumer and victims' rights, environmental protection and safety, civil  rights and civil liberties, workers' rights, america's civil justice system, 
and the protection of the poor and powerless. our
access to 
justice campaign  
keeps the courthouse doors open to all by battling federal preemption of injury victims' 
rights,

unfair mandatory arbitration, class action 
bans and abuse, unnecessary 
secrecy in the courts, attacks on the right to counsel and jury trial, and 
unconstitutional legislation.

public justice is the 
principal project of the public justice foundation, a non-profit
membership organization.
we are supported by – and can 
call on – a nationwide network of over 3,500 attorneys and others, 
including trial lawyers, appellate lawyers, consumer advocates, constitutional 
litigators, employment lawyers, environmental attorneys, civil rights lawyers, 
class action specialists, law professors and law students. public justice and the public justice foundation 
are headquartered in washington, d.c., and have a west coast office in oakland, 
california. 


if you're not a member, please join us or contribute.
if you need our help, please 
call on us.  and please sign up for

free public justice e-lerts to receive
updates on our cutting-edge 
litigation and activities.





















public justice objects to unfair 
					"coupon" settlement over sharper image air purifiers














public justice has objected to 
							a settlement involving sharper image's ionic breeze 
							air purifiers, which emit harmful levels of ozone.



arguing that a proposed class 
					action settlement involving sharper image's "ionic breeze" 
					air purifiers "looks more like a marketing tool than a fair 
					deal," public justice has filed objections to the settlement 
					and called on the marketing giant for a "more serious" 
					response to studies that show the devices emit harmful 
					levels of ozone.  

the proposed 
					settlement of figueroa v. sharper image, which is 
					pending in a miami federal court, consists of a $19 coupon that can be 
					redeemed off the sale of another sharper image branded 
					product.  it also gives class members the right to obtain an 
					"ozoneguard" that may or may not ameliorate some of the 
					adverse health effects associated with use of the ionic 
					breeze.  

public 
					justice's objections, which were filed on behalf of a class 
					member who stopped using the devices after learning of their 
					health risks, argue that the settlement is unfair and should 
					not be approved.  attorneys general in 26 states and the district of columbia also filed a brief opposing the 
					settlement.  

"the fact 
					that the only way in which class members can obtain value 
					from their coupons is by spending more money at 
					sharper image raises serious questions about the fairness of 
					this agreement," said lead counsel amy 
					radon, public justice's goldberg, waters & 
					kraus fellow.  






full story








					public justice announces 2007 trial lawyer of the year 
					award finalists













trial lawyer of the year finalists 
							will be honored at the 25th anniversary gala july 17 
							at chicago's field museum.


the public 
					justice foundation has named the attorneys who worked on 
					eight outstanding cases as finalists for its 2007 trial 
					lawyer of the year award. the nationally-prestigious award 
					is bestowed annually on the trial lawyer or legal team who 
					made the greatest contribution to the public interest by 
					trying or settling a precedent-setting case. the winner will 
					be announced on july 17, 2007, at the public justice 
					foundation's 25th anniversary awards dinner and gala in 
					chicago.

					"the variety of cases and the scope of settlements and 
					verdicts prove, once again, that trial lawyers are vital to 
					the protection of citizen rights and in securing justice for 
					the poor, the wronged and the powerless," said public 
					justice foundation president alan brayton of 
					braytonvpurcell, llp, in novato, calif.

					the finalists -- 37 lawyers among the eight cases -- were 
					nominated for their committed work in cases addressing a 
					broad range of social issues, including workers' rights, 
					environmental protection, juvenile justice reform, and the 
					rights of hurricane katrina and hurricane rita victims.  

					to see this year’s finalists and synopses of their cases,
					
					click here.








	unanimous supreme court to tobacco giant: no federal removal

public justice amici 
	helped argue for decision that reverses corporate advantage
 












						the supreme court unanimously decided corporate 
						defendants cannot remove state court cases to federal 
						court simply because the corporations are regulated by 
						the federal government.




				in a case joined by public justice as part of its access to 
				justice campaign, the u.s. supreme court unanimously ruled june 
				11 that 
a class action 
				against tobacco giant phillip morris cannot be removed to 
				federal court simply because “light” cigarettes are subject to 
				federal regulation and the cigarette maker asserts a federal 
				preemption defense.  

the decision 
				overturned an eighth circuit ruling that would have allowed 
				corporate defendants to eliminate most state court cases against 
				them by removing them to federal court. in its amici 
				brief, public justice maintained that because phillip morris is 
				not a federal officer and cannot claim it was engaged in federal 
				law enforcement when it privately made and sold “light” 
				cigarettes, the removal from state court was improper.

 "the 
				question before us," justice breyer wrote for the court in 
				watson v. philip morris, "is whether the fact that a federal 
				regulatory agency directs, supervises, and monitors a company's 
				activities in considerable detail" allows the company to remove 
				cases to federal court 
				under the federal officer removal statute -- which authorizes 
				removal by those "acting under" an "officer" of the united 
				states.  "we hold 
				that it does not." 
				full 
				story
 








































					locate thousands of public interest organizations, legal 
					resources, and trial lawyer associations

public justice has created 
					a one-of-a-kind online database 
					for public
interest advocates.
					
					click here to look up complete contact information for 
					more than 2,000 public
interest groups, trial 
					lawyers' associations, legal organizations, and law schools 
					nationwide, sorted by dozens of focus areas. 
































access to justice: keeping courthouse doors open for all.















a firm commitment
            to diversity














manual & cd-rom on how to fight mandatory arbitration













cy pres 
awards: serving the class and the 
 public interest






   
  











national
                  headquarters
            1825 k street, nw 
 suite 200
                  washington, dc 20006
            ph: 202-797-8600
            fax: 202-232-7203



public justice

© 2019 public justice foundation  trial lawyers for public justice
www.tlpj.org 

west coast
            office
                  555 12th street
                  suite 1620
                  oakland, ca 94607
            ph: 510-622-8150
            fax: 510-622-8155




             
          




 


