
costumes_fairy.com fairy dresses,costumes with a touch of magic,ashland oregon




















costumes with 
      "a touch of magic from head to toe" 
ashland oregon, home of the shakespeare festival   
       






 












                                                                                                                                         
post by costumesfairy.com by earthstar.spring fairy sale 15% off ~ now through april 6th in our fairy shop, http://shop.costumesfairy.com
magical fairy 
            costumes with a " touch of magic " for girls of 
            all ages new we now have a wonderful collection of frozen inspired dresses and capeslet your fancy take flight on magical 
            wings with our beautiful 
            teen andwomen's 
            fairy dresses,
 glittering flower fairy wings, flower fairy 
            tutu skirts and girl's fairydresses
visit our online 
            store http://www.shop.costumesfairy.com 
            where all your  
fairy princess dreams come true 
our child fairy 
            dresses make the perfect 
            flower girl 
            dress with 
            our lovely sparkling                
            fairies sequin slippers and flower fairy garlands
baby, toddler fairy 
            costumes, fairy 
            magic wands,                                  
            angel costumes and ruby slippers for all 
            ages 
visit our 
            pirates, wizards and knights costumes 
            page, a magical range of 
            fun costumes and capes for boys and 
            girls!
earthstar has an entire online 
            shopping store, http://www.shop.costumesfairy.com with a rainbow 
            of girls child flower fairy dresses, baby, toddlers fairy dresses, teen and women's adult size goddess 
            dresses, and fairytale wedding 
            dresses for the princess bride in styles from gothic to 
            ephemeral
exclusively for 
            costumes 
            fairy are earthstar's hand made glittering fairy-wings,butterflies, goddess silks and glittering fairy tutu's 
most of our costumes include 
            attached wings to dance and 
            dream in, sparkling with sequinsand come in a multitude 
            of beautiful colors and 
            styles                           (enhanced 
            with a "touch of pure magic")           for 
            floating and dancing through 
            all fairy realms                                                costumes from head to toe for all your child's fairy 
            princess dress up 
            fun!
click here to 
            go to our new online 
            store, http://www.shop.costumesfairy.com         
see our new fairy dancing wings (in a rainbow assortment 
            of colors, coming soon)to bring out the dancing goddess 
            inside you
we 
            have a team of costume designers 
            and  tailors ready to make large or small customized 
            orders if needed in all child, 
            teen and woman's adult sizes, all our clothing is garment 
            quality unless listed otherwise, hand washable and made with high quality 
            fabrics and garment sewing(not like the cheap cheesy 
            imported costumes that fall apart right 
            away)costumes fairy.com fashions!
no sales tax on your 
            order!  we are based near ashland oregon home of the 
            shakespeare festival of oregon, no sales tax in oregon, you save 
            money on all your orders with costumes fairy!
we invite you to browse in our secure fairy 
            store and shop with confidence, we adhere to a strict privacy policy 
            that means your information will not be shared, sold or 
            otherwise distributed, please enjoy your 
            visit
if you are not comfortable using your credit card 
            online or if you experience any problems processing your order 
            online we would be happy to take your order over the 
            phone
call (541) 512-1888 or you can call 
            us toll 
            free {888} 719-4647 
            (888--71wings)
earthstar can be reached 11 am - 7 pm pacific time monday - 
            fridayif you reach the voice mail, we will call you 
            back asap




angels! 
                  fairies! pixies! 
                  leprechauns! wizards! dragons! 
                  elves!
take 
                  notice!


 
 costumes 
            fairy(888) 719-4647 or toll free 
            1 (877)225-5928
this is what of our customers had to say about her 
            fairy costume order:
i am so excited to give this fairy 
            dress to my 
            little cousin and to get the pictures taken.  you have the most wonderful 
            web site... sometimes i visit just to make me smile!!! i am also 
            thinking about getting me a pair of fairy shoes!!!  if you ever get them in 
            adult size in purple or lavender, please let me 
            know!!
have a 
            great day and thank all the little fairies that made it possible to make my little cousin the 
            most beautiful fairy in all the 
            land!!
thank you, 
            kim
for more comments and 
            photos from customers click here to visit our fairy feedback 
            page
our return 
            policy:
our products are 100% guaranteed for 
            quality.
returns can be made if the items have not been worn, 
            soiled, washed or damaged within 2 weeks of receiving your 
            product(s).
no return on shoes or discontinued 
            items.
please give at least one or two month billing cycle 
            for your refund to be reversed onto your credit card after 
            a return to us by mail of merchandise is 
            verified.
there is a 15% processing / restocking 
            fee on all refunds or returns, (15% of original receipt 
            total).  shipping and handling charges on 
            receipt will not be included in the refund if the goods were 
            shipped to you and then returned to us.
is is      at one  
credit card online 
            payments
  
            
                
                
                you can shop at http://www.shop.costumesfairy.com online with confidence. we have 
            partnered with authorize.net, a leading payment gateway since 1996, 
            to offer safe and secure credit card and electronic check 
            transactions for our customers.
the authorize.net payment gateway manages the complex routing of 
            sensitive customer information through the credit card and 
            electronic check processing networks (see an online payments 
            diagram) the company adheres to strict industry standards 
            for payment processing, including: 


128-bit secure sockets layer (ssl) technology for 
              secure internet protocol (ip) transactions.  

industry leading encryption hardware and software 
              methods and security protocols to protect customer information. 
               

compliance with the payment card industry (pci) 
              data security standard.

for additional information regarding the privacy of your 
            sensitive cardholder data, please read the authorize.net privacy policy.
if you prefer, we can process your transaction by phone. call us 
            at (888) 719-4647 during our business hours 10 am - 6 pm pacific 
            time.
www.costumesfairy.com and our 
            online store http://www.shop.cocostumesfairy.com are registered with 
            the authorize.net verified merchant seal program.
   
about costumes fairy | search | contact costumes 
            fairy | baby-toddler-fairy-tutu| help | costumes-fairy-online store | adult-fairy-dresses child-fairy-dresses | baby-toddler-fairy-dresses | fairy_wings | fairy-magic-wands | fairy-sequin-slippers | fairy-princess-hair-accessories
copyright by earthstar web 
            creation 
            2004




 







