








insurance agents & financial services professionals



































































a wholesale brokerage insurance & financial services agency


menu
skip to content
home
products

life insurance
disability income
long term care
annuities
health insurance

group health insurance
individual health insurance
medicare supplements


individual insurance
group insurance
statutory benefits
equity-based products


broker tools & resources
news
about us
contact us
 








insurance agents & financial services professionals


victorson associates is a full service brokerage general agency working exclusively with insurance agents and financial services professionals.
we are looking for a high-producing agents who would like to grow with us. we can help you grow your practice significantly, and that you will find your relationship with us to be extremely rewarding and worthwhile.
we want you to prefer to do business with us, because we sincerely believe:
if we can’t earn your business,
we don’t deserve your business.

how can victorson associates help you become even more successful?
when you become a broker for victorson associates:
you’ll receive individual attention from our case managers.
our cases managers get to know you and your needs. our brokers receive personal attention and are known and treated as individuals.
we’ll communicate with your every step of the way.
our case managers are dedicated to follow-through. using our computerized agency management system, they track each case from application to issue to commission, and keep you informed every step of the way.
we’ll help you meet or beat your competitors.
we offer the best products at the lowest prices possible.
we’ll produce your proposals at your request – quickly!
when you need a proposal, we’ll produce one for you and email, fax, or mail it to you today, not “some day.”
we’ll provide you with assistance with difficult cases.
we are known for our ability to find underwriting for difficult substandard life and disability income cases. impossible substandard cases can take a little longer, but we get most of them issued anyway!
we offer excellent compensation.
we know that your commission is important to you. we pay top commission to top producers.
securities offered through the leaders group, inc. member finra/ sipc 26 w. dry creek circle, suite 575, littleton, co 80120, 303-797-9080.  victorson associates, inc. is not affiliated with the leaders group, inc.
broker check

let’s talk about what we can do for you!









get our app

search for:



connect with us



 


recent posts


summary of benefits


international medical group – travel insurance plans


another positive step for hiv-positive people


life expectancy in the world – how it has changed over the last 200 years


genworth reprices ny ltc policy


keep up to date
click here to sign up for our e-news and updates
view the latest updates on our blog
news topicsnews topics
select category
health insurance
   individual health insurance
individual insurance
life insurance
long term care
news


member
disclaimerthis website is not for consumer use. this site and its contents are strictly for the use of agents licensed with victorson associates, inc. please click here to read the full disclaimer. 



			© 2015-2016 victorson associates, inc. all rights reserved. | privacy policy
private

















