





















rock island, il - official website | official website









 















skip to main content

























 










    





 
 
 

 












search







 
 
 


    government      city services      community & recreation      business      about rock island  


 

 

 

 

 




 














employment








online payments








epark








report a concern










 
 














agendas & minutes








council meeting








community info










 
 
 











 





 
 
 








 
 
 























popular links







cross connection survey



park activity guide



report your water service line



street improvement utility fee



popular links continued









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 









news & announcements










holiday refuse and recycling collection schedule 		



refuse and recycling collection will be on the normal collection schedule during the week of the president’s day holiday.						read on...







plenty of reasons to love your library in february! 		



february is library lovers’ month, and with plenty of free events on offer, the reasons to love your library are never ending. with materials and events for all ages,     visiting in person or online offers free entertainment and eduation.						read on...







2025 state of the city address 		



read on...







rock island parks & recreation unveils new winter spring activity guide 		



packed with exciting activities, sports, events, and fitness opportunities, the guide is your key to staying active and engaged this winter.						read on...







liven up february with hug-a-book dance, more family fun! 		



from a bluey dance party to drop-in after school fun, the rock island public library offers lots of great ways to liven up family time in february. events include a family movie, storytimes, and more. free family fun, open to all.						read on...







act locally, donate to the 2025 community comforts drive 		



if you’re looking for a way to make a difference in your community, donating to the rock island public library (ripl) community comforts drive could be a start.  the drive runs all february, with multiple donation locations available.						read on...







start your engines, it’s winter reading time! 		



january is the perfect time to start checking off your reading goals. to help readers of all ages warm up their reading engines, the rock island public library is offering the be a reading machine winter reading challenge, jan. 17-feb. 28.						read on...







celebrate 50 years of the fire station and southwest branch! 		



50 years ago, the rock island public library’s southwest branch first opened as a extension on the side of rock island fire station #2. to celebrate, the library and fire department will host a public open house on wednesday, sept. 25.						read on...






update rock island  - february 10, 2025 		



update rock island is a segment at city council meetings given by mayor mike thoms focusing on news in rock island. the video segment from the meeting is available on youtube.						read on...







view all




/civicalerts.aspx


  
 
 









 














stay connected
what's happening in rock island

 






  
 
 












feb
19	


mlk board meeting

mlk board meetingread on



police community relations commission canceled

police community relations commission canceledread on






feb
20	


rock island human rights commission

rock island human rights commissionread on






feb
24	


city council study session

city council study sessionread on



city council meeting

city council meetingread on






mar
3	


rescheduled for 03/05/2025 - planning & zoning commission meeting

rescheduled for 03/05/2025 - planning & zoning commission meetingread on






mar
4	


human rights commission

human rights commissionread on




view all




/calendar.aspx



 
 
 



 







contact us







city of rock island1528 third avenuerock island, il 61201phone: (309) 732-2000fax: (309) 732-2055emailhoursmonday - friday8 a.m. - 5 p.m.
 






  
 







quick links







bids & rfps



enewsletter



holiday collection schedule



notify me®



park activity guide



parking information



view council meeting videos









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 







using this site







home



staff directory



site map



site policies



accessibility



copyright notices



government websites by civicplus®









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 
 



















loading









				loading
			


do not show again
close






















arrow left



arrow right





[]



slideshow left arrow





slideshow right arrow









