






grace church of glendora |


















































about us

staff team
elders
what we believe
contact us


get connected
events
media

english
español


español
knowing jesus
give
login
 


select page


  
 
 
































more information


















sign up here









sign up here









more about connect groups


















more about kids









more about young adults









more about student ministry





































more information
















sign up here








sign up here








more about connect groups
















more about kids








more about young adults








more about student ministry


















join us
this sunday
on campus
& online services
nursery, preschool & kids church available for all services. check in your child on the lower plaza.
 



on campus services:
8:30 am (building a)
10:00 am (building d)
11:30 am (building d: english)
11:30 am (building a: spanish)



online services:
10:00 am (english)

livestream

11:30 am (spanish)

livestream



you tube
youtube.com @grace church of glendora red "live now" button

youtube



facebook
facebook.com @gracechurchofglendora or @graceespanolglendora for spanish

facebook










life at gracethere's something for everyone at grace. connect, get involved and be a part of the grace family.

i'm interested in serving at grace













kids
we are committed to partnering with families to help the spiritual growth of our children. even during this season, we have lots of opportunities for your kiddo to grow in their faith and have community here at grace!








junior high
grace jhm exists to affirm junior high students in who they are so they can stand firm in their faith. we meet every wednesday night on campus from 6:00-7:30 pm. we would love for you to be a part of our jhm community!
pastor kim harpkharp@grace-church.com








high school
high school ministry (hsm) exists to move students into an authentic faith with jesus that mobilizes them to discover their personal mission in this world. we meet every sunday night from 6:00-8:00 pm. come be a part of our hsm community here at grace!
pastor kim harpkharp@grace-church.com










college/young adults
our young adult group is dedicated to seeing all people come to faith in christ. we desire to see a generation that grows and tangibly experiences god. our heart is to see every person experience the love of god right where they are in their life journey. 
pastor josh bakerjbaker@grace-church.com








sports
at grace church of glendora we have developed sports programs to teach the skills of the game and teamwork in an atmosphere of fun and competition. learn more about our soccer, baseball, and football programs. if you enjoy children and sports and love jesus christ, please consider coaching.
sports@grace-church.com








connect groups
(women's, men's, couples, & special interest groups)
in scripture, we see that god's people would leave large gatherings and go back to different homes with their family and oikos to encourage and build each other up. we know that to be true today, and at grace, we call those our connect groups.
pastor josh bakerjbaker@grace-church.com
















stay connected


sign up to receive our monthly newsletter



















connect with us online
 





follow



follow



follow





followfollowfollow





 









©2025 grace church of glendora  |  1515 s. glendora ave, glendora, ca 91740  |  privacy policy   |  map  | contact 






































