




  






home - ottawa area chamber of commerce & industry, il




































































go









pages



members



categories



quicklinks



events

































home









member login









contact









join the chamber!









2024 membership info packet










































































815-433-0084









info@ottawachamberillinois.com









321 w main st, suite 124, ottawa, il 61350









open 8am to 4pm m-f


































































 toggle navigation   






about us

about us
get involved
staff & board of directors
ambassadors
contact us



members

member directory
membership benefits
join
member map
member login



what's new

job postings
news
hot deals



events

events calendar
events list
annual dinner
farmers market
signature events


volunteer ottawa

affiliate groups

greater ottawa networking group (gong)
ottawa business builders (obb)
ottawa network of young executives (onyx)
personal & professional women's development network



economic development

ottawa il now - sites & incentives
ottawa illinois fast facts
city of ottawa government
intersect illinois



































































































welcome to the ottawa area chamber of commerce!
ottawa, illinois is a great place to live, work and raise a family. the ottawa area chamber of commerce works with the city of ottawa, the ottawa visitors center, community partners and our members to improve the economy and quality of life for ottawa. we want to help the ottawa community grow; will you come grow with us? 







how can the ottawa area chamber help my business?
no matter how big or how small your business is; no matter what services or products you provide; no matter if you're just starting out or if you've been here for decades; the ottawa area chamber has something for you.
we are a 501 c (6) non-profit, a voluntary membership organization that works to advocate for our business community, to create and foster opportunities for new and existing businesses in the area, and to support and uplift our members in any way we can. 
but how can joining the chamber benefit you? 
increased networking opportunities, access to exclusive events and seminars, access to chamber resources and e-mail lists, increased online visibility, and personalized support for your business are just some of the examples. and we are constantly changing and growing, always taking suggestions for new avenues of support that we can offer to our members.
becoming part of the chamber is also an investment in your community, and a statement; one that says that your business cares about the community, cares about working together with your fellow local businesses, and that you're here to stay. 
still not sure? that's okay- give us a call at 815-433-0084 and let us know what you're looking for out of a chamber membership so we can answer any of your questions and figure out how we can best serve you.
membership is open to all businesses and individuals with an interest in doing business in the ottawa area.

 















introducing discover ottawa gift cards: the perfect holiday gift supporting local businesses!
this holiday season, give the gift of local shopping and dining while supporting the heart of downtown ottawa! the city of ottawa, ottawa area chamber of commerce, ottawa downtown association, and the ottawa visitors center have partnered to bring you the discover ottawa gift card program—an innovative, convenient way to encourage shopping close to home. starting november 8th, these gift cards will be available for purchase online, just in time for the holidays!
discover ottawa gift cards are redeemable at over a dozen locations in downtown ottawa, with more businesses joining soon. purchasing a discover ottawa gift card is not only a great gift for family, friends, and colleagues; it’s also a meaningful way to invest in our local economy. every dollar spent with a discover ottawa gift card remains in our community, benefiting local businesses and strengthening ottawa’s vibrant shopping and dining scene. visit https://app.yiftee.com/gift-card/downtown-ottawa/ for a complete list of participating businesses, and look for the "discover ottawa accepted here" stickers in storefront windows!
this program is a win-win for both gift card holders and local businesses. participating in the program is free for merchants, making it an appealing choice for ottawa’s small businesses. we also invite our local companies to consider discover ottawa gift cards as a thoughtful holiday gift for their employees, offering them the flexibility to shop and dine at any participating business.
available year-round, these gift cards make every season special. recipients will love exploring the many shops, cafes, and restaurants ottawa has to offer. this initiative not only boosts our local economy but also celebrates the charm and character of ottawa’s downtown.
as you plan for the holidays, consider a discover ottawa gift card. let’s keep our dollars local, enjoy the festive ambiance, and shop and dine in ottawa—the middle of everywhere!
for more information and to purchase, visit discover ottawa gift cards.
 





















find a business




use our business directory to locate or learn more about local businesses and members of our community.
 





















view events




chamber members and businesses can find, submit and promote events within their local community.





















member login




login to update your business information, post job openings, register for and post events, and more! if you do not recall your login information, email c.tucker@ottawachamberillinois.com to get it reset.
 





























































































































































quicklinks

















directory







deals







jobs







calendar







chamber benefits















where to live







where to shop







where to sleep







where to play







where to eat























contact info












ottawa area chamber of commerce & industry

 321 w main street, ottawa, il 61350

 815. 433.0084

 info@ottawachamberillinois.com






































check out more of ottawa, illinois!












ottawa visitors center







city of ottawa







ottawa il now







ottawa port district









     




















































© copyright 2025 ottawa area chamber of commerce & industry. all rights reserved. site provided by growthzone - powered by chambermaster software.













 


