  
  home - labpups.com  

     
       
  

 

 

1501 gum branch rd.						
charlotte, nc 28214

 

(704) 975-2726						
call now!

 

mon - sat: 11:00am - 6:00pm						
sunday 2:00 pm - 6:00 pm


meet our lab puppiesmore linksreviewsmeet our lab puppiesour parentsadult lab adoptionservicesdog boarding in charlotteobedience trainingmake a reservationlabador retriever stud servicesresearch centerarticle centralfaqstandard conditions of sale depositguaranteebloglabpups blogtripp’s personal blogabout uscontacthome
meet our lab puppiesmore linksreviewsmeet our lab puppiesour parentsadult lab adoptionservicesdog boarding in charlotteobedience trainingmake a reservationlabador retriever stud servicesresearch centerarticle centralfaqstandard conditions of sale depositguaranteebloglabpups blogtripp’s personal blogabout uscontacthome
home


facebook
 



instagram
 



youtube
 



tiktok
 



twitter
 
akc inspected & approved we are the breeder - not a broker!since 1991 we have professionally bred and raised healthy • happy • calm lab puppiestrustworthyfor over 30 years we have built our reputation as being a trustworthy labrador retriever breeder.lab puppies for salehealthy calm family lab puppies for sale - we breed black, yellow & chocolate labrador retriever puppies

 
discover your perfect companion at labpups.combring joy home with our labrador puppies -what color would you pick?


black puppies				


yellow puppies				


chocolate puppies				our black, yellow, and chocolate labrador retrievers are bred for health, love, and the perfect temperament. embrace the joy and companionship our puppies bring to every home.


contact us now ☎				
over 30 years of professional breeding experiencewhy our labradors?healthy • bred for temperament • family raisedcomplete health assurance: book a visit to see how each puppy is health-checked and vaccinated, ready for a healthy life with you.ready for a forever home: our ready-to-adopt labradors come microchipped and akc registered. schedule your visit now to find your perfect match!trusted by families: with years of expertise, we raise sociable, cheerful puppies. read our customer stories and see the difference quality breeding makes.

 
secure your new lab puppy today!carpe diem canisdon't let the opportunity pass you by!don’t wait! your ideal labrador is eager to start a life full of love and playful adventures with you. each puppy promises endless affection and energy to brighten your days.


contact us now ☎				


customer reviews


read more				
 

sign-up for our free newsletterlabpups newsletterwe send our periodic emails with new litters, dog-related information and our newest youtube videos.

services we offer						
we offer bellow services

boarding						
we've invested in our kennels to create a safe and comfortable environment.



 
read more



obedience training						
come, sit, stay, heel are taught. these 4 simple commands are the start of a long & enjoyable relationship



 
read more



make a reservation						
ready to reserve boarding or training? simply follow the link below to get started!



 
make a reservation









older puppies						at the present time, we don't have any older labs.


see all older labs >>



boarding						
safe. secure. fun!
our kennel setup allows for a safe, secure and fun place for your lab to stay.
we’re open 7 days a week for convenient drop-off/pick-up. easily book online to save time and have peace of mind your puppy will have a great time!


book now



basic training						
3 week course
simply drop off your lab puppy for a basic obedience training program. your puppy will learn sit, stay, come and heel.


learn more



basic training						$1,50021 day program


book a session








happy customers speak.testimonialslabrador retriever puppies found their forever homes!16 months ago we welcomed a new member into the mcgarity clan. he was the brown furry kind of member. jed wiggled his way into our hearts long before we ever met him. in 2012 our family was the "spotlight" family during the  fight night for kids
fundraiser. our daughter libby claire was loving the spotlight that night. at the end of an amazing evening we met tripper wood.matt mcgaritylake wyle, sci wanted you to know that after 12.5 great years, beemer ran out of heart beats last month. i have included a pictures of beemer’s first day with us and his last day. (trip and tripper delivered beemer to us in mn back in 2002.) he was absolutely the perfect dog for us. his temperament far exceeded what we had ever hoped for, especially when a baby came along in 2004. he was loyal, gentle, caring and funny.lance mcdonaldann harbor, mithis year my husband and i resolved to add a new member to the household…the family dog.  we have two active boys ages four and six and felt they were missing out on their boyhood and childhood by being dogless.  thus began the search for the perfect family dog, which for us was a yellow labrador. being an active member of the postmodern world, we began utilizing search engines in the quest to find the perfect dog.  much to our delight was a site called labpups.com...dianesan diego, ca

our best articles						
join us on a journey to change the world, one animal at a time.


more posts





tiktok ban 2025: how the social media shakeup will reshape digital content creation			

01/16/2025		

no comments		

read more »		



family bonding with labradors			

01/14/2025		

no comments		

read more »		



raising responsible kids: how labrador ownership shapes future leaders			

01/14/2025		

no comments		

read more »		links

 
meet our lab puppies


 
older puppies


 
blog


 
our parents
services

 
boarding


 
obedience training


 
make a reservation


 
labrador retriever 
contact us

 
address: 1501 gum branch road charlotte, nc 28214

 
phone: (704) 975-2726


 
email: tripper@labpups.com



contact us

copyright © 2025 labpups.com





search						



menu							



categories							
my accountcheckoutcartmeet our lab puppiesabout uscontactmeet our lab puppiesour parentsadult lab adoptionreviewsboardingblog 
wishlist
comparelogin / register
shopping cart
close
sign in
close
username or email address *required

password *required

 
log in
lost your password?

 remember me
no account yet?
create an account





search						
start typing to see products you are looking for.   




