


















coast to coast am: the best paranormal news show | coast to coast am





showsshowsupcoming showsart bell vaultclassic showssomewhere in timeguestsgeorgegeorge noorygeorge noory's tv showgeorge knappnewsarticlesin the newsmediavideosphotosstationsyoutubeinsidereventspodcastsbest of coast to coast amparanormal podcast networkmorenewsletterparanormal dateconspiracy datemobile appcontactscientists mystified by strange radioactive 'blip' beneath the pacific oceanscientists have discovered unexpectedly high levels of the rare radioactive isotope beryllium-10 in the pacific seabed, suggesting a mysterious event occurred around 10 million years ago.watch: astonishing video shows kayaker being swallowed by humpback whale an astonishing video filmed off the coast of chile shows a kayaker being briefly swallowed by a humpback whale before being spat out by the mighty beast. in coast you missed it 2/14/25check out our round-up of highlights from the past week ... in coast you missed it.watch: multiple witnesses film wondrous ufos over chinese cityseveral spellbound residents of a chinese city captured footage of two strings of mysterious lights that streaked through the night sky. watch: odd viral video shows gaggle of 'baby dinosaurs' in guatemalaan odd viral video from guatemala features what appears to be a gaggle of baby dinosaurs in front of an ancient monument, but the 'prehistoric creatures' are really just a clever illusion.george noory live stage shows coming in 2025!click through for more info and tickets.

last nightfeb15self-love & relationships / differences between men and womenhosted by:rich berraguests:shenal arimilli, john graytransformational leader shenal arimilli discussed the importance of self-love and its impact on relationships. followed by communication and relationship expert dr. john gray who delved into the biological and psychological differences between men and women.more »tonightfeb16jfk files / ufo secrets / dia & psychic powershosted by:george knappin hour one, george knapp welcomes journalist jefferson morley who'll discuss a trove of "newly discovered" fbi files related to the jfk assassination and what surprises might be hidden in those pages. in hour two, washington dc reporter matt laslo will provide insider details about a new congressional panel unveiled this week that plans to invstigate ufo and uso cases and more.
second half: investigator and author richard lang reveals details about his years working with baass, a private aeorspace company which conducted a secretive ufo-related investigation for the dia, along with the study of psychic powers.
more »upcoming feb17monday - lost civilizations on mars / shamanic experiencesjason martell | matthew pallamaryfeb18tuesday - jonbenet murder investigation / cyptids & creaturescharles bosworth jr. | ken gerhardfeb19wednesday - regenerative medicine / attracting abundancedr. gregory laurence | elaine starlingfeb20thursday - biblical archaeology / astrology insightstitus m. kennedy | leslie mcguirkfull schedule »










coastzone
sign up for our free coastzone e-newsletter to receive exclusive daily
        articles.
    
featuredshow | feb 16, 2025self-love & relationships / differences between men and womenblast from the past | dec 25, 2014christmas in london: now and thenarticle | feb 15, 2025scientists mystified by strange radioactive 'blip' beneath the pacific oceanshow | feb 15, 2025astrology aspects / healthy lifestylesarticle | feb 14, 2025in coast you missed it 2/14/25article | feb 14, 2025watch: astonishing video shows kayaker being swallowed by humpback whale show | feb 14, 2025the path of planet x / patterson-gimlin bigfoot filmarticle | feb 13, 2025marshall masters: path of planet xload morein the newsmystery surrounds disc-shaped object spotted on google earth— unexplained mysteries'sailing' satellites of the future could provide early warning of dangerous space weather— space.com'i was abducted by 6ft aliens in terrifying ordeal after spotting ufo in the sky'— mirrora dramatic total lunar eclipse is coming. you don't want to miss it.— mashablewatch humanoid robot mimic cristiano ronaldo's leap, lebron james' iconic walk— interesting engineeringmore »



paranormal date now has over 100,000 members! it's completely free to join and search.
    








        check out this excerpt for george noory's internet tv show, beyond belief. try it free for seven days at beyondbelief.com and enjoy hours of fascinating past shows!
        

tweets by coasttocoastam 
coast to coast am - ©2025 premiere networks inc.local stationsaboutin memoriam eventsneed help?contactprivacy policyterms of usedo not sell or share my personal informationcontest rulesadchoices 



















