








	savannah district, u.s. army corps of engineers























            an official website of the united states government 
        here's how you know 
        







 official websites use .mil a .mil website belongs to an official u.s. department of defense organization in the united states.



secure .mil websites use https a lock (lock  ) or  https:// means you’ve safely connected to the .mil website. share sensitive information only on official, secure websites.








skip to main content (press enter).




us army corps of engineers
savannah district website










®








           about
        



           leadership
        
 

           divisions and offices
        



           construction division
        



           construction contacts
        
 



           contracting division
        
 

           corporate communications office
        
 

           emergency management division
        



           542nd engineer detachment
        
 

           helene response
        
 



           engineering division
        



           engineering design criteria
        
 



           equal employment opportunity
        
 

           human resources office
        
 

           office of counsel
        
 

           operations division
        



           hartwell dam and lake
        
 

           j. strom thurmond dam and lake
        
 

           richard b. russell dam and lake
        
 

           savannah harbor maintenance
        
 

           channel condition surveys
        
 



           real estate division
        



           real property exchange program (rpx)
        
 



           regulatory division
        
 

           resource management division
        
 

           small business office
        
 

           executive office
        
 



           family readiness network
        
 

           district boundaries
        
 



           business with us
        



           small business
        
 



           missions
        



           civil works
        



           savannah harbor expansion
        



           css georgia
        
 

           shep fish passage
        



           national environmental policy act and planning process
        
 

           cultural resources
        
 





           navigation
        
 

           civil works transformation
        
 

           sarbo
        
 



           emergency operations
        



           forward engineer support team-advanced
        
 



           military construction
        
 

           regulatory
        



           regulatory program
        



           glossary
        
 

           helpful links
        
 



           electronic submittal of applications
        
 

           news & announcements
        
 

           jurisdictional determination
        



           preliminary jds
        
 

           approved jds
        
 

           wetland delineations
        
 

           posted approved jds
        
 



           permitting
        



           effects determination guidance for endangered & threatened species (edges)
        
 

           general permits
        
 

           individual permits
        
 

           exempted activities
        
 

           other federal requirements
        
 



           public notices
        
 

           mitigation
        



           banks
        
 

           in-lieu fee mitigation
        
 

           permittee-responsible mitigation
        
 



           compliance & enforcement
        
 

           community outreach
        
 

           policy & procedures
        
 

           faq
        
 

           contacts
        
 

           site index
        
 

           georgia wrda 214
        
 

           property search
        
 



           hartwell dam and lake
        
 

           j. strom thurmond dam and lake
        
 

           richard b. russell dam and lake
        
 

           cap
        
 

           formerly used defense sites
        



           brookley air force base
        
 

           buxton naval facility
        
 

           camp butner
        
 

           camp croft
        
 

           camp van dorn
        
 

           charlotte army missile plant
        
 

           camp wheeler
        
 

           donaldson afb
        
 

           motlow range
        
 

           conway bombing and gunnery range
        
 

           spencer artillery range
        
 



           planning branch
        



           environmental justice
        
 

           plans and reports
        
 

           duke operating agreement
        
 





           locations
        



           usace locations
        
 



           careers
        



           media
        



           news stories
        
 

           news releases
        
 

           fact sheets
        
 

           images
        
 



           library
        



           contact
        



           usace office locator
        
 

           rss
        
 















































georgia hurricane helene recovery
the u.s. army corps of engineers, savannah district is working in partnership with local, state and federal agencies in response to hurricane helene. the infographic provides a status update on the usace debris removal mission across georgia.













safety first: usace's number one priority during disaster response
hurricane helene debris removal safety office gary little from mobile district, adjusts the new safety helmet on a quality assurance specialist. little says the helmets with the chin strap provides additional protection from head injuries.

story











behind the scenes: the unsung heroes of a usace disaster response mission
donna williams an auditor with new orleans district supporting the hurricane helene debris mission in savannah district. williams is responsible for ensuring usace as well as the contractors follow policy and procedural guidance.

storyphotos











usace partners with fort pulaski to celebrate its centennial anniversary
personnel from the u.s. army corps of engineers, savannah district, pause for a photo at fort pulaski with members of the coastal heritage society dressed in historical military uniforms, during the national monument’s centennial celebration, in savannah, georgia, october 13, 2024. the district team met with the public and educated them on the district’s mission, and its contributions to infrastructure, archeology, disaster relief, and environmental restoration.

story











hurricane helene recovery permit requirements
the following information is intended to aid in determining what may/may not require a permit from the u.s. army corps of engineers following the damage in georgia from hurricane helene. we strongly advise the public to contact us with any questions regarding permitting. 

view fact sheet











contractor arrives, continues response action at buxton fuds property
over the past two weeks, the u.s. army corps of engineers, savannah district team, has been onsite at the former buxton naval facility, which is a formerly used defense sites property, to monitor changing conditions and react to any new petroleum releases. as part of the response action, the district team dug test pits along the beach and in the dunes to identify areas of petroleum-impacted soil in the subsurface. the team identified several areas that a contractor will soon excavate to remove the contaminated soil and dispose of it at an offsite waste management facility. the contractor arrived at the site today to perform a site survey and continue the response action the district initiated sept. 11, 2024. the fuds property is located within the cape hatteras seashore in dare county, north carolina.

news releasewebsite















latest news releases






army corps of engineers finish helene debris clean up in two georgia counties

                2/13/2025 
            

                savannah, ga. – the u.s. army corps of engineers, savannah district, and its contractor have completed debris removal of leaners, hangers and stumps in ben hill county, and completed clearing special...
            


latest army corps of engineers update on buxton fuds property

                2/10/2025 
            

                savannah, ga. – the u.s. army corps of engineers, savannah district’s, website has been updated with the buxton formerly used defense sites property pipe removal report, which summarizes the results...
            







view more









frequently accessed links















latest plans and reports


collapse all expand all
  disposition study for multiple waterways in coastal georgia integrated report/environmental assessment (updated 8/15/2024)
the u.s. army corps of engineers savannah district (corps) evaluated two alternatives, including the no action alternative (naa) and action alternative to deauthorize nine waterways in coastal georgia that no longer meet congressionally authorized purposes and provide national security needs. those waterways include the altamaha river, bellville point harbor, darien harbor, fancy bluff creek, ocmulgee river, oconee river, sapelo harbor, satilla river, and st. marys river. the recommended plan includes deauthorization of the waterways. the federal interest has ceased and deauthorization would not result in significant impacts on the human environment. environmental protections would continue under state jurisdiction and accompanying federal laws.
view report
public notice
notice of public meeting and comment period extension
 

  strategic optimization technical memorandum for buxton naval facility formerly used defense sites property (may 2024)
this document is the report created by the usace environmental and munitions center of expertise (emcx).  it is the culmination of their observations from their site visit, data collected, interviews with the usace, nps, u.s coast guard and contractor personnel, as well as a comprehensive evaluation of approximately 40 documents  pertaining to prior investigations and corrective actions carried out at the fuds property.
redaction notice: please note that the strategic optimization technical memorandum includes minor redactions to remove reference to data from a non-usace draft report. an unredacted version will be released once usace is informed that the non-usace report has been finalized. 
view report

  brunswick harbor modifications project jekyll island fishing pier shoreline nourishment supplemental environmental assessment and finding of no significant impact
the u.s. army corps of engineers (usace), savannah district, in accordance with the national environmental policy act of 1969 (nepa) as amended, has prepared a draft supplemental environmental assessment (sea) and finding of no significant impact (fonsi) that evaluates the beneficial use of dredged material for a shoreline nourishment project southwest of the jekyll island fishing pier.  usace, in collaboration with the jekyll island authority, has designed the proposed action for the purpose of providing protection to the adjacent shoreline from erosion.  usace is seeking public comment on the draft sea and fonsi and requests comments by january 23, 2024. 

draft supplemental ea and fonsi
public notice
appendix a – u.s. fish and wildlife endangered species act
appendix b – national marine fisheries service endangered species act
appendix c – coastal zone management act
appendix d – clean water act
appendix e – magnuson–stevens fishery conservation and management act
appendix f – national historic preservation act
appendix g – public comment
appendix h –beneficial use proposal
appendix i – 60% design
appendix j – tier iii sediment testing report


  review plan for turpentine run, st. thomas, usvi
turpentine run is a flood risk management project located within the nadir development of st. thomas and is authorized for design and construction. this review plan defines the scope and level of peer review activities required during the design process.
view plan











latest public notices



sas-2003-23580-pgp-sdt project name:  proposed reissuance of pgps 40-62 (state of georgia).

nearest named waterway:  lake seminole, george w. andrews lake, walter f. george lake, west point lake, lake sidney lanier, carters lake, and allatoona lake.

overall project purpose:  authorizing minor structures and work activities on the chattahoochee river (lake seminole, george w. andrews lake, walter f. george lake, west point lake, lake sidney lanier), the coosawattee river (carters lake), and the etowah river (allatoona lake).

project manager:  mr. sam thompson, at samuel.d.thompson@usace.army.mil or (770) 767-9098.
published: 2/12/2025
> more public notices
 
































facebook















essayons








our mission
deliver vital engineering solutions, in collaboration with our partners, to secure our nation, energize our economy, and reduce disaster risk.


about the savannah district website
this is the official public website of the savannah district, u.s. army corps of engineers. for website corrections, write to sas-cco@usace.army.mil













accessibilitycontact usquality factslink disclaimerno fear actprivacy & securitysite mapusa.govopen governmenteeo & sharpplain languagesmall business


igfoiaisalute



















hosted by defense media activity - web.mil














