




school trip company: educational school trips | travelbound



































































































 


















 





























home


school trips

cross-curricular trips
history trips
language trips
all our school trips


normandy trips

château du molay overview
château activities
château facilities
what to do in normandy
chateau family holidays
all our normandy trips


universities & colleges

business studies trips
history trips
performing arts trips
all university & college trips
build your trip


school music tours

music tours to france
music tours to italy
music tours to the usa
all our music tours


international schools
how we help

how to book
about us
safety
trip insurance
meet the team


sustainability
careers
blog
01273 244 572
request a quote












educational trips for schools, colleges and music groups
learn to travel, travel to learn



choose from the below, or contact us for a tailor-made tour
 








group type

any group
school tripsuniversity & collegesmusic performance 


destination

anywhere
austria     - salzburg     - viennaazoresbelgium     - brussels     - yprescanadachinacosta ricacroatiacyprusczech republicdenmarkfrance     - château du molay (normandy)     - disneyland paris     - french alps     - lille     - loire valley     - lyon     - montpellier     - nice     - normandy     - opal coast     - paris     - puy du fou     - reims     - somme     - south of francegermany     - aachen     - berlin     - black forest     - bremen     - cologne     - dresden     - europa park     - freiburg     - koblenz     - leipzig     - munich     - rhineland     - stuttgart     - triergreecehungaryicelandindiairelanditaly     - bay of naples     - bologna     - florence     - lake garda     - lido di jesolo     - riviera     - rome     - sicily     - tuscany     - venicejapanlatviamaltamorocconetherlands     - amsterdam     - noordwijkpolandromaniarussia     - moscow     - st petersburgsloveniasouth africaspain     - andalucia     - barcelona     - benalmadena     - cordoba     - costa brava     - costa dorada     - lanzarote     - madrid     - seville     - valenciasri lankaswitzerlandthailanduaeuk     - belfast     - edinburgh     - liverpool     - london     - manchester     - shropshire     - yorkusa     - alabama     - boston     - chicago     - east coast usa     - florida     - las vegas     - los angeles     - louisiana     - new orleans     - new york     - philadelphia     - san francisco     - tennessee     - washington d.c     - west coast usavietnam 

subject

any subject
animationarchitectureartart and designbusiness studieschristmas marketsclassicscross-curricularfashion and textilesfood technologygeographyhistoryhospitality and cateringlanguagemedia studiesmodern foreign languagemusicperforming artsphysical educationreligious educationsciencestemtravel and tourism 
find trips





 

 

 

 










school trips





university & colleges





music performance







school travel expertise
travelbound is a well-respected school travel company that offers educational trips designed specifically for schools, universities, colleges and music groups. with well over 30 years in educational travel, we know what it takes to make learning trips enriching and unforgettable. book your educational trip with the experts!








accommodation
the château du molay in normandy, france
looking for a seamless school trip experience? look no further than our exclusively-owned château du molay in normandy.

explore







inspiration
travelbound brochures
check out travelbound’s latest brochures for educational trip inspiration and start planning where to go next.

view







about us
why choose travelbound?
what makes us better than other school travel companies? find all the answers here.

read

































booking with travelbound 



when you book with travelbound, you will be guided by a team of educational school trip specialists who share your passion and seek to share knowledge as thought leaders in informative travel experiences. whether you’re a teacher, a lecturer or a group leader, we support you in focusing on what matters: creating an unforgettable learning experience for your students. 











 expertise you can trustover 160 educational trips & tours worldwide, tailor-made to your needslong-standing relationships with destination partners+70% of tour leaders return to us for their next tripfinancial & safety assurancesfully bonded by abta and atolstrengthened health and safety protocolscomprehensive insurance for school trips availablesupport at every stagededicated tour co-ordinator24-hour phone support during your trippromotional tools to help you recruit students 






request a quote















each tour is a chance for students to learn more about their subject, the world and their own potential. as a leading school trip company, travelbound strives to provide inspiring, safe and affordable educational tours that bring lectures and classes to life in exciting worldwide destinations.inspire students on a university art & design trip to paris, get stuck in observing volcanic activity on a school geography trip to iceland, or see the bright lights of broadway on a performing arts trip to new york. cross-curricular or history groups wanting to book residential school trips to normandy can also stay at our very own château, near bayeux. whatever your destination or subject, we’re ready to help you get there! 











we’ve won best school tour operator of the year! 











we’ve been named best school tour operator at the prestigious school travel awards! this incredible recognition reflects our dedication to delivering unforgettable, enriching curriculum trips for uk schools.thank you to our loyal schools, enthusiastic students, and brilliant teachers for making this achievement possible. whether you’re planning your next educational adventure or just exploring ideas, you’re in the right place. join us as we continue to inspire learning through world-class school tours! 







 











 








testimonials





feds - paris - generic
travelbound’s knowledge, experience and expertise always shine through. they offer good value for money, and we feel like we are getting the best deal whilst offering a good trip experience to our students.

bath school of art and design





feds - belgium and netherlands - generic
a great travel company with knowledgeable staff, great value for money and honesty with you right from the start

new college nottingham





schools - chateau - june 2024
the chateau du molay staff are friendly and professional, and went the extra mile to make sure we had the best possible experience. normandy offers superb opportunities, and the location and facilities of the château are hard to beat for a school trip!

bishopston comprehensive school







see more 




help from us








latest blog
we've been voted best school tour operator!
travelbound has been awarded the ultimate prestigious title at the school travel awards 2024.

read







top tips
how to plan your school's educational trip
get our tips on how to plan an annual educational visit that meets outcomes and provides an enriching experience.

plan







meet the team
meet your educational travel experts
get to know our friendly, experienced travelbound team and how we work.

view
















follow us on:

   

01273 244 572



explore our tripsschool trips
university & colleges
school music tours
search for trips
international schools
brochures & mini-mags

who are travelboundabout us
why choose us?
sustainability
charity partner
testimonials
accreditations

get in touchcontact us
request a quote
meet the team
blog
careers

legal informationprivacy policy
cookie policy
terms & conditions
important info
sitemaps



more




















all the flights and flight-inclusive holidays in this on this website are financially protected by the atol scheme. when you pay you will be supplied with an atol certificate. please ask for it and check to ensure that everything you booked (flights, hotels and other services) is listed on it. please see our booking conditions for further information or for more information about financial protection and the atol certificate go to: www.caa.co.uk
the foreign, commonwealth & development office (fcdo) and the nhs have up-to-date advice on staying safe and healthy abroad. for more on security, local laws, plus passport and visa information, please visit https://travelaware.campaign.gov.uk/. keep informed of current travel health news by visiting www.fitfortravel.nhs.uk. further information can be found at www.travelbound.co.uk/travel-aware. advice can change so please check regularly for updates.







 






















