


michael powell & emeric pressburger - pure genius



























 





the powell & pressburger pages




dedicated to the work of
michael powell
and
emeric pressburger
and all the other people, both actors and technicians
who helped them make those wonderful films.

a lot of the documents have been sent to me or have come from
other web sites.
the name of the web site is given where known.
if i have unintentionally included an
image or document that is copyrighted or that i shouldn't
have done then please

email me and i'll remove it. 

i make no money from this site, it's purely for the love of the films.


[any comments are by me (steve crook) and other members of the email list]


 


















michael powell & emeric pressburger

- pure genius


the powell and pressburger appreciation society























 



donations:
keep the powell & pressburger pages
alive and advertisement free:










 



screenings:
do you want to screen any p&p films?

park circus hold the worldwide
screening rights to many p&p films:
the red shoes
a matter of life and death
the life and death of colonel blimp
black narcissus
i know where i'm going!
a canterbury tale
peeping tom
the tales of hoffmann
49th parallel
the battle of the river plate
the fire raisers
ill met by moonlight
the phantom light
the spy in black
the thief of bagdad
red ensign
age of consent
they're a weird mob
contraband (aka blackout)
oh... rosalinda!!
one of our aircraft is missing
the thief of bagdad
lazybones
the lion has wings
the small back room
lune de miel (aka honeymoon)





 


rialto pictures hold thedistribution rights forthe tales of hoffmannand peeping tom in the us




news just in !!





the english heritage blue plaque to commemorate the life and work of michael powell & emeric pressburger was unveiled on 17th february 2014. after a campaign started 12 years ago.


black narcissus (1947) will be screened at the nft (bfi south bank) on:
friday 31 march at 21:00 in nft2
tuesday 12 april at 20:45 in nft1
tuesday 19 april at 15:00 in nft3


a matter of life and death (1946) will be shown at the prince charles cinema on saturday 30th april at 12:30pm
princecharlescinema.com


michael powell's the phantom light (1935) will be shown by kino quickies.

you can find details about all the films in the season here: kinoquickies.com and the date of the phantom light screening is april 10th.




p&p related events & excursions
if you know of any screenings of p&p films, please let me know


 


dvd & blu-ray - recent releases
if you know of any releases of p&p films, please let me know


the small back room

pre-order the dvd or the blu-ray from amazon.co.uk released on june 3, 2024



one of our aircraft is missing

 buy the blu-ray from amazon.co.uk from 27 sept 2021



luna de miel (aka honeymoon)

 buy the blu-ray  from network on air from 19 july 2021
 buy the dvd from network on air from 19 july 2021



oh... rosalinda!!

 buy the blu-ray  from amazon.co.uk from 12 aug. 2019
 or buy the dvd from amazon.co.uk from 12 aug. 2019

thanks graham johnson for telling me about it



the wild heart plus gone to earth

 buy it from amazon.com available from 25 june 2019

available as dvd or blu-ray



age of consent

buy the dvd from amazon.com
from mill creek entertainment, available from 2 june 2015
 buy the blu-ray from amazon.com
from powerhouse films, available from 23 november 2018



a matter of life and death
from itv studios home entertainment, available from 8 oct. 2018
limited edition steelbook

available from amazon uk at amazon.co.uk



a matter of life and death (aka stairway to heaven)
from criterion, available from july 24, 2018. thanks dave & others.


 buy the dvd from amazon.com
 buy the blu-ray from amazon.com


 buy it from amazon.com



one of our aircraft is missing on dvd & blu-ray.
from olive films, available in the us from 15th november 2016. thanks dave


 buy it from amazon.com



the phantom light on dvd.
from network dvd, available from 2nd november 2015


 buy the dvd from amazon uk



the lion has wings on dvd.
from strawberry media, available from 20 july 2015


 buy the dvd from amazon uk



a matter of life and death (irrtum im jenseits) on dvd & blu-ray. from ascot elite home entertainment, available from 14 april 2015. thanks scott.

buy the dvd and the blu-ray from amazon.de



the silver fleet on dvd. from strawberry media, available from 27 april 2015

buy the dvd from amazon uk



the lion has wings on region free dvd. from elephant films & itv studios, available from 5 may 2015. thanks samuel.

buy the dvd from amazon france



the tales of hoffmann on region b blu-ray & region 2 dvd. from studio canal, available from 23 march 2015.

buy the blu-ray & dvd from amazon uk



the thief of bagdad on region b blu-ray. from network, available from 26 january 2015. thanks richard

buy the blu-ray from amazon uk



see the full list of all the p&p films available on dvd or blu-ray


music from the films








brian easdale: film music (the red shoes / battle of the river plate / black narcissus / gone to earth)
on the chandos label, recorded by the bbc national orchestra of wales with the bbc national chorus of wales conducted by rumon gamba and with cynthia millar as soloist on the ondes martenot on the music from the red shoes.
these are new recordings, from the full original scores.

 buy the cd - amazon.co.uk



see the full list of all of the music from the films that has been released on various media


new books


























































the red shoes

by pamela hutchinson

the landscapes of dreams. cinema by michael powell and emeric pressburger. (part vii)

by george darakhvelidze

the landscapes of dreams. cinema by michael powell and emeric pressburger. (part vi)

by george darakhvelidze

the landscapes of dreams. cinema by michael powell and emeric pressburger. (part v)

by george darakhvelidze

the landscapes of dreams. cinema by michael powell and emeric pressburger. (part iv)

by george darakhvelidze

theirs is the glory - arnhem, hurst and conflict on film

by david truesdale & allan esler smith

includes mention of brian desmond hurst's work on the lion has wings and other films made during the war

the landscapes of dreams. cinema by michael powell and emeric pressburger. (part iii)

by george darakhvelidze

his own executioner: the life of nigel balchin (paperback)

by derek collett

the glass pearls (paperback)

by emeric pressburger

foreword by kevin macdonald and caitlin mcdonald

the landscapes of dreams. cinema by michael powell and emeric pressburger. (part ii)

by george darakhvelidze

the essential raymond durgnat

edited by henry miller
(raymond was an early champion of p&p, especially during the "quiet years" when they were all but forgotten & ignored by everyone else.)

michael powell's the edge of the world - then & now

by david w. earl

our eric: a portrait of eric portman

by andy owens

'i live cinema' : the life and films of michael powell

by james howard

the tales of hoffmann

by william germano

in the bfi film classics series

powell and pressburger: a cinema of magic spaces

by andrew moor
now published in paperback

portraits: fred daniels

by nigel arthur & ewa reeves, fundacja twarda satuka, warsaw, poland
the life and work of archers' stills photographer fred daniels

star of india: the life and films of sabu

by philip leibfried, bearmanor media, ok, usa

michael powell's canterbury tales

by paul tritton, parkers, canterbury

photogénie du désir: michael powell et emeric pressburger 1945-1950

by natacha thiéry, presse universitaires de rennes

landscapes of dreams: the cinema of michael powell and emeric pressburger (part 1)

by george darakhvelidze, globe press, vinnitsa, ukraine

a matter of life and death: the brain revealed by the mind of michael powell

by diane broadbent friedman

an expansion of diane's earlier work exploring the medical aspects of amolad


see the full list of books about the p&p films and the people that made them




collecting signatures of p&p people


biography of roger livesey

- recording some details about this great man


statues on a stairway

- sculptor of amolad statues identified


michael powell: interviews

- a book of interviews with mr powell


a woman of paris

- michael powell interviewed after seeing chaplin's film


smith (1939)

- lost (or unknown) short film found




various campaigns to honour powell & pressburger
and other archers
in various ways have been started.


and what about some

suggested remakes
of the great films?


from the tongue in cheek department





regular stuff



first we have the
faq
- powell & pressburger email list frequently asked questions

pnp faq - section 0. the main rules
pnp faq - section 1. the email group.
pnp faq - section 2. powell and pressburger information.
pnp faq - section 3. unanswered questions.
pnp faq - section 4. campaigns
pnp faq - section 5. british english




google search of this web site


a simple search of this web site



other p&p games, puzzles & fun stuff


then
why people like p&p
- a few reasons from some group members
and some more famous people.

a few biographies and pictures of
pnp group members.



the archers manifesto
emeric explains why they were so special.


references to p&p films
in other works.

what about the ones

that were never made
for one reason or another


still wanted
after all these years.
(items i'm still looking for)



the

powell and pressburger appreciation society (papas)
email list.

find out  what it's all about
then subscribe to pnp by sending an email to pnp+subscribe@groups.io
for all the latest p&p news and gossip.




reviews and articles

some of the following are copies of various web sites i've found about
michael powell & the archers. i've copied them in here
in case the real sites ever go away. (all original
copyrights should be noted).



reviews and articles




emeric pressburger - master storyteller

michael powell - the man himself




the films



the people



miscellaneous articles





image galleries:

various images of posters, lobby cards, studio stills, portraits
and many others





gallery of p&p images





the films


the people






obituaries:

obituaries of those archers that are no longer with us

includes information about grave sites and some visits to them.





obituaries for p&p people





locations & trips:



locations used in the films



trips
to various p&p related locations & events.




various other p&p connected stuff.




p&p list center


micky powell
on the imdb


emeric pressburger
on the imdb

























classic movies





safesurf rated











these pages are best viewed with ...... a web browser







 



