





obis-seamap





























obis-seamap


				ocean biodiversity information systemspatial ecological analysis of megavertebrate populations
			






about
contribute
explore
what's new
more
login




 


terms of use
contact us

manage
ei fujioka (log out)



 



vanessa mignon @ pexels


explore


the world data center formarine mammal, seabird, sea turtle, shark & raydistributions




						 
					











 records
 datasets
 species





species in latest 20 datasets
megaptera novaeangliae (203,786)globicephala macrorhynchus (2,020)orcinus orca (1,333)leptonychotes weddellii (945)balaenoptera musculus (198) 

vanessa mignon @ pexels

marine mammals
  records
  datasets




species in latest 20 datasets
puffinus gravis (67,816)puffinus griseus (6,749)larus glaucescens (6,220)uria aalge (4,658)phalacrocorax urile (4,270) 

rowan trebilco

seabirds
  records
  datasets





species in latest 20 datasets
eretmochelys imbricata (62,705)chelonia mydas (62,044)caretta caretta (53,127)natator depressus (10,567)lepidochelys kempii (470) 

stiven sanchez @ unsplash.com

sea turtles
  records
  datasets





species in latest 20 datasets
rhinoptera bonasus (18,075)rhincodon typus (9,673)cetorhinus maximus (5,986)prionace glauca (393)carcharodon carcharias (102) 

pena lambarri @ unsplash.com

sharks & rays
  records
  datasets































+
 
–








							 
						




 records
 datasets
 species

 
 











new
additions since 2025-02-155 datasets4 species23,851 records
 

new or updated datasets

							research organizations and individuals around the world contribute their data of marine megavertebrates to obis-seamap and it's growing.
						


happywhale - humpback whale in southern oceanhappywhale, feb 15, 2025
happywhale - harbor porpoise in north pacific oceanhappywhale, feb 15, 2025
happywhale - northern bottlenose whale in arctic oceanhappywhale, feb 15, 2025
happywhale - blue whale in north pacific oceanhappywhale, feb 15, 2025
happywhale - humpback whale in arctic oceanhappywhale, feb 15, 2025 






collaboration


collaborative contributions

							whether a scheduled, automatic data transfer or a manual submission of a large set of data, obis-seamap is in a good collaboration with dedicated contributors.
						




accobams / wdcs initiative - 37


happywhale - 217



marine mammal council (mmc) - 1


u.s. navy - 160


obis - 310


satellite tracking and analysis tool (stat) - 252


subset of tethys metadata server from sdsu - 78









models


modeling projects

							mgel organizes a repository of modeling efforts for marine protected species and develops mapping tools to visualize predicted density of the species.
						





model repository








marine mammal density for the u.s. atlantic






noaa cetacean and turtle density for the u.s. gulf of mexico




navy marine species density database for the u.s. pacific & gulf of alaska






cetacean density for the u.s. arctic




nuwc turtle density for the u.s. atlantic




noaa ocean noise strategy

bia home
cetacean data availability

bia ii map
bia description tool












apps


sea turtle & photoid apps

							obis-seamap provides applications specialized for the sea turtle communtity and photo-identification researches on whales & dolphins.
						



sea turtle apps


swot the state of the world's sea turtles








nesting sites
loggerhead
green
hawksbill
kemp's
olive
leatherback
flatback


other layers
rmus
distributions
mtdna & ndna sites
habitat suitability
network graphs
prob. occurrence





widecast wider caribbean sea turtle nesting sites


photoid apps


mabdc mid-atlantic bottlenose dolphin catalog
introduction (public access)





gomdis gulf of mexico dolphin id system




mid-atlantic humpback whale catalog
introduction (public access)





predis pearl river estuary dolphin identification system




black sea cetaceans photo id catalog




cdoc california dolphin online catalog









what obis-seamap does:


obis-seamap helps quantify the global patterns of marine species distributions & biodiversity to improve our understanding of the ecology of marine mammals, seabirds, sea turtles and rays & sharks, and to support worldwide conservation efforts.
							read more...

the feature-rich mapping tool helps you explore distributions & biodiversity of marine species to foster your project.
							see highlights...


obis-seamap consists of a diverse database accumulating data from surveys, satellite telemetry, acoustic monitoring, photo-id, and citizen science of marine megavertebrates. it relies on contributors who are willing to share their data under the creative commons licenses.
							read more...

obis-seamap is a thematic node of obis and a publisher to gbif.
						most of obis-seamap data are available in obis and gbif.
						









used in research and conservation projects addressing:

protected species conservation
marine spatial planning
stock assessments
identification of ecologically and biologically significant areas
mpa assessments
 
further knowledge of species
historical and current distributions
noise impact assessments
food-web modeling
reef monitoring











species
datasets
contributors


terms of use
contact us
user faq
contributor faq












© 2002-2025 marine geospatial ecology lab at duke university. all rights reserved. 









please fill in the form below.
		if this is the first time to download data, a passcode will be sent to you to verify your email address, which you need to enter in this form.
		when you are finished filling in the form, please click [next] button 
		to move to the download options panel.
for more details, see instructions and help.



first name *


last name *


affiliation *


e-mail *


intended use of data *(> 20 words)


passcode *



* indicates required fields.




 save the inputs above for later use (up to 30 days)







agree
cancel


back
next


back

close





download data
terms of use
who and for what
download options








slideshow main title














