 








on-line guide to the positive identification of members of the cactus family




















 




























				 acanthocalycium acanthocereus acharagma ancistrocactus ariocarpus armatocereus arrojadoa arthrocereus astrophytum austrocactus austrocylindropuntia aztekium bergerocactus blossfeldia brachycereus brasilicereus brasiliopuntia browningia calymmanthium carnegiea cephalocereus cephalocleistocactus cereus cintia cipocereus cleistocactus cochemiea coleocephalocereus consolea copiapoa corryocactus corynopuntia coryphantha cumulopuntia cylindropuntia dendrocereus denmoza discocactus disocactus echinocactus echinocereus echinomastus echinopsis epiphyllum epithelantha eriosyce escobaria escontria espostoa espostoopsis eulychnia facheiroa ferocactus frailea geohintonia grusonia gymnocalycium haageocereus harrisia hatiora hylocereus isolatocereus jasminocereus lasiocereus leocereus lepismium leptocereus leuchtenbergia lophophora maihuenia maihueniopsis mammillaria mammilloydia matucana melocactus micranthocereus micropuntia mila miqueliopuntia myrtillocactus neobuxbaumia neolloydia neoraimondia neowerdermannia obregonia opuntia oreocereus oroya ortegocactus pachycereus parodia pediocactus pelecyphora peniocereus pereskia pereskiopsis pierrebraunia pilosocereus polaskia praecereus pseudoacanthocereus pseudorhipsalis pterocactus pygmaeocereus quiabentia rauhocereus rebutia rhipsalis samaipaticereus schlumbergera sclerocactus selenicereus stenocactus stenocereus stephanocereus stetsonia strombocactus sulcorebutia tacinga tephrocactus thelocactus tunilla turbinicarpus uebelmannia weberbauerocereus weberocereus xpacherocactus yavia yungasocereus



site map


      
	                               
	                               
	                            




cactiguide.com custom nomenclature - system default    about this | login




welcome to cactiguide.com!

  new to cacti? | looking for an id for your first cactus plant?
start here: top 10 cactus id requests


below are some of the great things you can do on this site:




cacti name search
new -search for either the latin (scientific) name or the common name of a cactus using this name search.
	






  
					



  
					



note: the latin name search includes synonyms and names that are no longer used.
			to view all common names as a list, visit the cactiguide.com common name list
			latin names can be viewed at cactiguide.com list of latin names and synonyms






watch growing cactus in minnesota on pbs. an interview with cactiguide.com creator - daiv freeman





advanced search
search multiple criteria using the cactiguide.com advanced search.
				






geographic distribution search

the cactiguide.com distribution search allows you to search by 
				region, country, state, province or other political divisions to check for cacti that grow in that area. if 
				you were visiting cacti in the wild, this feature will help you narrow down the potential species from that 
				area.





cacti forum
the cactiforum is a great place to share and learn with other cactus enthusiasts. 
				we've got a	great group of members already and always welcome new members. cacti knowledge is not a requirement here, 
				it is a result! click here to go to the cacti forum.






that's not a cactus!

all cacti are succulents, but not all succulents are cacti. if you are having a hard time identifying your 
				"cactus" plant, be sure to use the cacti or not? page to rule out 
				other succulents. you might be surprised when you find out that your very cactus-looking plant turns out not to be 
				cactus at all.





updated terminology page
check out the all new glossary of terms that is full of useful 
				words and definitions that are related to cacti. also find out "what's in a name" by visiting the cacti 
				etymology pages. learn how a cactus plant got it's name or what the name means. one page covers the different 
				genera while the other handles the 
				species names.





habit search
if you are not familiar with cacti names, "search by habit" groups each cactus by it's shape!






pictures by location
see all images on cactiguide.com from a particular location or a particular photographer by using the directory of cactus picture locations





cacti list

id your cactus plant by browsing the nav-bar on the left. this is organized by genus then species alphabetically.





more great info
visit the articles page for a more in-depth
				look at the cactus family! learn growing tips, cacti classification, and more! 
				along with the places, sources, 
				and growing cacti pages, the 
				articles page will help you explore cacti beyond this site. 
				tips on growing cacti, cactus book reviews, links to other web-sites on cactus, and 
				garden/nursery locations are some of the things you find here.




cactiguide.com book recommendation
for book purchases, visit: 







cactiguide.com primary objective:
        the overall function of this site will be simply a cataloging
          of the different species in the family cactaceae. the primary purpose
          is to include detailed photos as accurately as possible for the positive
          identification of a particular species. as a cacti enthusiast, i found
          that sometimes identifying a particular cactus species can be very difficult.
          many sources have a limited number of photos or the photos are mostly
          close-ups of flowers. to add to the challenge, many sources have conflicting
          information on nomenclature. therefore
          it is my hope that this site will not only be a rewarding hobby for
          me, but also serve as a useful resource for other cacti enthusiasts.
note: i try not to post a picture unless i am relatively
          positive that i've identified it correctly. this does not mean that
          this site is free from mistakes. if you see a mistake, please don't
          hesitate to send me an e-mail
          and i will fix it.
fun feature: we have cactus picture contests on the cactiforum. be sure to at least 
		  take a look at the first place winners on this page.
site statistics:
there are currently 1439  different
          species pictured on this site under 124 genera. an additional 689 subspecies, varieties, and forms are 
		  also listed under the species level.
          there are approximately 1821 total possible species under 122 genera.
          over 11743 images are available for use in identification. all may
          be enlarged to 600 pixels either height or width.
*all images of cacti pictured on this site are those
          taken by me (daiv freeman) unless otherwise noted.










© 2002-2022, cactiguide.com all rights reserved.







