




 


georgia science teachers association - home



 






join


donate


about













 














log in


 

 supporting excellent science teaching for georgia






home




conference



annual conference call for presenters




registration information




conference details




hotel & travel faqs




field trips




2025 conference socials




exhibitor & sponsor opportunities







gse phenomena



submit a phenomenon




what's the big deal about phenomena?




what makes a good phenomenon?




phenomenal resources







eobservations



eobservations - current issue







foundation



awards



awards application




award winners




dallas stewart award winners










georgia elementary science olympiad



state eso




expedition eso







professional learning



professional learning opportunities




professional development recordings







advocacy



advocacy resources




policy updates blog




position statements




voter information




advocacy forum







outreach



stemtalk




science in your community







membership




refund policy




terms of use




about



calendar




board of directors



district representation




executive director




president




president elect




vice president




secretary




executive secretary/treasurer




elementary




middle level




high school




college level




supervisors representative




district 1




district 2




district 3




district 4




district 5




district 6




district 7




district 8




district 9




district 10




district 11




district 12







board elections




constitution




strategic plan



strategic goals







privacy policy







gssa




resources & links



science & literacy virtual pl series










awards


advocacy


foundation


membership


resources


prof. learning


stemtalk











what's happening with gsta?

professional learning! advocacy! gsta 2025 conference! read below to get all the details.
 
gsta annual conferencesee you in columbus!january 30-31, 2025!register today!book your hotel reservations by december 30, 2024 and get the gsta group rate:  click here



how do literacy and science support each other?
as part of our ongoing efforts to advocate for the critical role that science can play in supporting literacy learning, the gsta board has released this statement on the role of science learning in supporting literacy development. the statement will be submitted as testimony to georgia house study committee on literacy instruction. you can learn more about the committee through our partner organization, science for georgia, here.
along with preparing this statement, we hosted a virtual pl series focused on the role that science can play in supporting literacy across grades k-12. these sessions featured teachers, researchers, science education leaders, and policy advocates to share their experiences, expertise, and inspiration. you can access recordings and other resources from the sessions at this link.

upcoming events



elipse 11.0 science saturday, march 8, 2025

11 dec 2024 8:30 am
•
ung-gainesville science building



advocacy and policy round table discussion with teacher ambassadors for education

27 feb 2025 4:00 pm
•
online







science in your communityinteractive map
check out this map that highlights science resources in your area! have an idea of something that should be added to the map? complete this form and tell us!
 
gsta professional resources
besides our world famous gsta phenomena bank, gsta supports science teachers across the state by curating professional resources.

online teaching resources
professional development series on online teaching
gsta recommends

gsta is committed to supporting excellence in science teaching for the students of georgia. gsta works to connect, inform, support, and advocate for science teachers in georgia. we also seek to partner with like-minded formal and informal science education organizations to further gsta’s mission and goals.







membership

connect georgia science teachers to vibrant local and statewide professional networks that enhance their classroom practice and the value of their membership. 



professional learning

inform gsta members through a variety of professional learning opportunities that enhance access to current, research-based practices for teachers at all levels, for all disciplines, and in all settings across georgia. 



resources

support gsta members through professional resources that help teachers improve their practice, the academic lives of their students, and their school communities.



advocacy

advocate for excellent science education in georgia on behalf of teachers and students and encourage our members to raise their own voices in support of excellent science education for all students in our state. 



outreach

partner with informal science education stakeholders to facilitate science literacy opportunities for learners of all ages in real-world communities.





give to gstef

support the georgia science teachers education foundation (gstef).  all monies go towards awards, scholarships, and mini-grants for teachers and students!
 





























quick links






  
 
 











share this page









tweet







 









digicert.com






© 2023 gsta.
georgia science teachers association is a 501(c)6 non-profit organization.
860 johnson ferry road ne, suite 140-334, atlanta, ga 30342email the webmaster
 




powered by wild apricot membership software









