




work911: building a better workplace and better learning



 

































the world of work
building better workplaces for 25 years







 













 
newest additions

visit the new small business resource center
are you competing with yourself on social media? (small business)
david & goliath small business strategies: winning against the monster companies
stop lying to yourself and others about "not having time"
new article series: why employee engagement has been a massive failure and what to do instead
eight ways to help your administrative staff support you 
why you believe in wrong, dumb or useless ideas: employee engagement, learning styles, mbti
better team decision making: understanding the four group decision-making modes 
dealing with present and future workplace challenges for a better workplace 
employee suggestion programs can backfire: seven things to avoid for success 
the one thing, and one thing only that we know about leadership
managing millennials: do you have to do things differently

popular workplace topics
we have hundreds of articles to help you become more successful in your workplace. below are the most popular topics. for even more go to the articles main page

  articles main page
all work - no play: weird and wonderful humor and satire
bacal's never ending interviews
change management & leadership 
communication & conflict
complex systems and real life
 controversial and social commentary
 customer service
employee engagement: complete failure (new)
managing difficult and problem employees
human resources
management and supervision/performance appraisal 
performance management, appraisals, goal setting and reviews 
presentations and public speaking
small business (general)
small business (the inner mental game) 
social media
teams and team building
training and learning


do you need help with...

browse all our mini-guides

helping others learn: training, development and instructional design?
customer service skills and dealing with difficult or upset customers
communication, conflict and public speaking skills
leadership, management and better employee reviews
building your career and success in the workplace


bacal's books 















‹
›









 
              the work911 / bacal & associates workplace supersite - main 
              page 









welcome to the work911.com supersite main page
these days, most websites don't require much of visitors, and lack the depth to help you learn, improve yourself, and function more effectively at home and at work. this site is a little different. it's huge. it's top quality content. and if you can't find the help you need here on topics like leadership, management, interpersonal communication, conflict, etc, you can use our custom designed search engines to find what you want elsewhere.      
      we're good with that, because our mission is to provide you with the best learning experience possible, whether online, from our books, our learning tools, and our services.      
      this site has been online and growing for more than ten years, which accounts for its size, depth and variety.      
      
click on the pictures/links below, or use the menus on the sides and top of the pages!
      

 coping with angry customers 
we've set up an amazing database of techniques to use for defusing angry customers. we've taken a lot of the content from my books on the topic, and made them available free. drop in, and pick up tricks, proven techniques and strategies to deal with difficult, frustrated, and frustrating customers and clients.

browse free articles


robert bacal has published over 400 articles on management, customer service, social media, communication and much more.
we're proud to make them available to you free of charge, and best yet, our new reprint policy allows you to use them (some restrictions apply) with colleagues and staff.

bacal's books/free excerpts

robert bacal's books have sold close to 400,000 copies worldwide, covering performance management, customer service, small business, consulting and dealing with difficult employees. you can continue your lifelong learning by browsing the free chapters made available online, and learn more why so many people have purchased "books by bacal"


building better relationships - read imperfect phrases for relationships free

learn how to improve your relationships almost instantly, by changing what you say to each other. now available free of charge online. the research is clear. couples that communicate more effectively stay together. people who say the wrong things to each other break up amidst a lot of pain and suffering. now you can learn 101 things never to say to someone you care about, and what to say instead!
175 pages of pure free relationship and communication skill building. click the picture or click here to go directly to your free online copy of imperfect phrases for relationships. 



learning tools for busy people

it's a busy world, and most people have little time to read complete books to learn. now, you can learn to manage more effectively, get along with others, communicate and deal more effectively with conflict "on the go", or if you prefer, on your computer. our unique mini-guides give you the essence of a topic in something you can read and absorb in less than 30 minutes. 
now you can learn on your smartphone, kindle, nook, ipad and other electronic devices.      




community - improving performance reviews, and managing performance

whether you are an employee trying to cope with an upcoming performance review, an hr professional looking to revamp your performance appraisal system, or a manager trying to figure out how to get the most from your employees and increase employee engagement, you'll be welcome at our linkedin community set up for this topic. join over 700 people looking for answers to the trials, problems and tribulations of working with damaged performance management systems.

      


















about company
bacal & associates was founded in 1992. since then robert has trained thousands of employees to deal with angry, hostile, abusive and potentially violent customers. he has authored over 20 books on various subjects, many published by mcgraw-hill.

about
 robert bacal

about the company
about our websites
privacy policy



our related websites

building bridges between home and school for educators 
just for teachers, administrators and school staff


angry customer guides and defusing techniques 
hundreds of tips and techniques for dealing with nasty people. 

customer service in government
a site dedicated to those in the public sector who deal with difficult, angry, frustrated taxpayers.

bacal & associates store 
free and paid guides, books, and documents on business, management and more. 



we believe 

training sessions should always be customized to fit your context.
our role is to make you self-sufficient and self-sustaining.
fees should be reasonable, fair, and flexible to fit different budgets. 
the only way to further success is to challenge the existing "wisdom" through critical thinking and basing our services and books on a complex reality.



get in touch



phone:

                        (613) 764-0241                                                                      
                    


email:
ceo@work911.com

 
 
address:

                      bacal & associates
722 st. isidore rd.
casselman
ontario
canada, k0a 1m0 







                        copyright â© 1998 - 2023 bacal & associates. all rights reserved.
                    it is illegal to repost or share content from this site on any other electronic platform that is available to the public.














 

