






the east central province of kappa alpha psi fraternity, inc. – ohio, west virginia, western pennsylvania








































 



 







 


 




 


home

province leadership
province council 2024


mobile app

ios app store
google play


in every field brand

shop
about ief


contact
 








rep the brandmerchandise that
celebrates excellence
in every fieldshop nowios & androiddownload the
human endeavors
mobile appios app storegoogle playtake us anywhere with
the human endeavors appnot only is the human endeavors app a resource for brothers with a secured area, but available for download and use for anyone to listen to the human endeavors podcast which features stories of achievement in every field of human endeavor.ios app storegoogle playmarcus p. blakemore foundationas the non-profit arm to the east central province (region), the marcus peter blakemore foundation is establishing itself as a leading voice of influence to bringing about social and systemic changes needed to improve the outcomes and lives of young people in under served communities. polemarch's messagethe best experience in kappa
it is our primary goal as a leadership team to create the best experience in kappa, right here in the east central province. we do that by simply focusing on what you, the members and communities want to have, not just what we are willing to give.
marcus d. bailey
17th east central province polemarch
the brand.
in every fieldon the field, off the field, in every field ® is a brand that celebrates your commitment to greatness in everything you do. not just in practice, but in the game. all profits go to toward scholarships, community re-investments, and leadership training for students.province leadershipthe east central province board of directors is extremely proud to serve such a progressive, forward-thinking, and dynamic group of men who belong to the chapters contained with the ohio, west virginia, and western pennsylvania area.bxw87@case.edusenior province vice polemarchbrian websterharrisjs71@yahoo.com keeper of recordsjames harriscorymack2@gmail.comkeeper of exchequerdr. darius sandersstrategusalexander ushrylieutenant strategustylance brazellboard member (al)kashif smileyboard member (al)ellery lewisboard member (al)jeffrey ushrydirector of risk managementeric rogersmbailey@ecpkapsi.comprovince polemarchmarcus baileynathanburns3696@gmail.com junior province vice polemarchnathan burnsboard member (ug)alvin bowersboard member (ug)chad white, jr.chaplainleroy anthonyassistant korbrandon fenty 


linkskappa alpha psi official
m.p. blakemore foundation
shopsports replicas
accessories
fraternity & sorority
men’s clothing
women’s clothing
mobile app
mailing addresseast central province
7525 paragon rd  #751715
dayton, oh 45459
aboutkappa alpha psi official
m.p. blakemore foundation
productssports replicas
accessories
fraternity & sorority
men’s clothing
women’s clothing
newsmailing addresseast central province
7525 paragon rd  #751715
dayton, oh 45459
website and mobile app developed by redtie.agency













