

american sign language (asl) interpreting resources





















 















  
home  
about  
contact


message board   















search resources








powered by 
freefind











written resources



ethics & role:

defining ethics & morality ·
ethical people & interpreters ·
examining the code of ethics

situational studies:

interpreting aa meetings ·
rape & rad: rape aggression defense systems ·
more...

miscellaneous:

rid 2003 conference journal ·
attracting qualified interpreters to maine ·
performing arts interpreting









book reviews


amer. sign language:
"a basic course in american sign language"



 







welcome to american sign language (asl) interpreting resources' home page.
the links and search box to the left will lead you to a collection of essays, reports, observations and book reviews regarding the asl interpreting process and profession.  to learn more about this page, please visit the about section or post a message on our message board.  you can also quickly browse the what's new section to 
see what noteworthy items have been added to the site.  if you have not found what you are looking for
here, i recommend browsing some of the links offered to the right, as well as the search and content boxes.
these resources are fueled by the works of many! if you would like to
add some of your own work, research, book reviews or recommended reading please email me.  the more resources the better this site will be; spread the word!
 


what's new!
rid 2003 conference journal: i went to
my first rid national conference this year in chicago.  here are my reflections, 
revelations, reminiscences, and regrets, told not entirely without a sense of humor and perspective.  enjoy.
(view the text with images and in article-like formatting: pdf version (1.1 mb).)











outside links


nat. organizations:
rid · nad · more...
reg. organizations:
massrid · gprid · more...
interpreter training:
nu ·
wou · more...

other resources:
signcity ·
tertheatre ·
david bar-tzur's homepage · more...













buy books


asl interpreting:

"interpreting: an introduction" ·
"so you want to be an interpreter" ·
"sign language interpreting: its art and science"

amer. sign language:

"american sign language dictionary" ·
"signs of drug use" ·
"signs of sexual behavior"
deaf culture:

"a journey into the deaf-world" ·
"when the mind hears"
asl linguistics:
"the syntax of american sign language" ·
"linguistics of american sign language"








search now:
























 




