











































    
    boat rentals | dockside landing marina | lake george, ny
  
  




    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    book now
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  














          


       boat rentals



  marina services



  condo rental



  contact








  





       






 



       


     boat rentals



  marina services



  condo rental



  contact






   

book now








        explore the most
beautiful

location on lake george



  


   welcome to dockside landing marina 
experience the most breathtaking part of lake george from our treasured location in hague, ny. our guests enjoy brand new boat rentals at the most competitive rates anywhere on lake george. at dockside landing marina, we offer an on-site gas dock, a convenience store, and a team of dock boys who ensure our guest’s every need is met. we also have excellent dock service personnel who are on-hand to answer all of your questions before going out to ensure your optimum safety and fun while out on the water. when it comes to boat rentals on lake george, dockside landing marina is your place to be!to check availability and reserve your boat rental today.   

rent a boat now  ➔


 



   

 boat rentals on lake george 
dockside landing marina offers a great selection of cruisers, speed boats and pontoon boats for rent—all loaded with the latest accessories you need to enjoy your lake george boating experience. our rental boats are clean, serviced regularly, and meet all safety requirementswhen it comes to boat rentals on lake george, dockside landing marina is the place to be.   

more information  ➔




   lake george condo rental 
our adirondack-style, four-season lake george condo rental is conveniently located at dockside landing marina overlooking beautiful lake george in the quaint town of hague, ny. spectacular mountain views surround this second-story, two bedroom condo. there is nothing like watching the sunrise, sunset, and the stars glow over the mountains and onto the lake from inside the living room or on the deck.get-away from the crowds and enjoy a peaceful, scenic, vacation at our private lake george condo.   

more information  ➔


 



   

  marina services
 
dockside landing is a lake george marina offering full servicing & maintenance, boat storage, winterization and more at the most competitive rates of any marina on lake george. our promise is providing each customer with attentive, professional service as well as clean and safe accommodations. we offer service by our certified mechanics, multiple service bays and a gas dock on lake george to fuel your boat.book a time to speak with our marina or maintenance team.   

more information  ➔








        

get directions  ➔

 

  

9130 lakeshore dr. hague, ny 12836


  boaters blog
    

    preparing for winter boat storage


 october 26, 2022

dockside landing marina - boater's blog: tips for winter boat storage. step one, winterize your boat engine. step two ... read more.




   

    lake george boat winterization & storage


 september 22, 2022

winterize and store your boat this fall at dockside landing marina on lake george, ny!




   

    plan your fall vacation in lake george, ny


 by website editor
•
august 21, 2022

planning your fall vacation in lake george? consider dockside landing marina's condo rental as your home-away-from-home while you explore the adirondacks.





 show more



    connect
   email:





thank you for contacting us.we will get back to you as soon as possible.
oops, there was an error sending your message.please try again later.


     

 




  

call us

  

email us







   9130 lakeshore drive | hague, ny 12836 (518) 543-8888mailing: po box 530 | hague, ny 12836
 ©2025 dockside landing marina. all rights reserved.sitemap |
accessibility |
privacy policy 
| 
designed by nm
















































































































  
  share by:












