




























central city productions tv | stellar tv


























office number :
(312) 654-1100









email address :
info@ccptv.com






















































home


syndication


our shows


stellar gospel music awards 


black music honors


black college quiz


mentoring queens


black history honors


mentoring kings


americas black forum


taste of the holidays


stellar tribute to the holidays




about


contact us
























central city
productions



                                        founded in 1970, chicago-based central city productions, inc. is a black owned television programming, production, sales and distribution company.
                                    

available on xumo play

available on verizon fios
available on charter spectrum
available on broadcast syndication











available on verizon fios

×
stellar network on verizon fios | channel 776 hd 







available on charter spectrum

×
stellar network on charter spectrum | stellar tv hd channel 178










































                                        ccp is a full service television production, sales and distribution company and leader in black-targeted programming content.
                                    

                                        our programs reflect the widespread diversity of talent, the one-time specials, quarterly series and the annual and weekly programs that have achieved tremendous mass audience appeal for more than half a century. as of 2023, central city productions, inc. is also the parent-company of the stellar network.

 
                                    












                                                    we produce, syndicate, and manage advertising sales for all our programs.
                                                




                                                    you can find our programs in broadcast syndication and through the stellar network on xumo play, verizon fios & charter spectrum
                                                





















                            current shows
                        

                            find all of our programming on the stellar network
                        















                                        stellar gospel music awards 

the stellar gospel music awards is the first and oldest televised awards show honoring gospel music for over 38 years.















                                        black music honors
                                    

black music honors acknowledging legendary artists who have made a significant contribution to african american music.















                                        america's black forum
                                    

america’s black forum, is a weekly ½-hour syndicated newsmagazine series hosted by political analyst, marc morial.















                                        black college quiz
                                    

black college quiz tests the historical and cultural knowledge of students from historically black colleges and universities.















                                        black history honors
                                    

black history honors, celebrates museums that house and honor the african american legacy. 















                                        mentoring kings
                                    

celebrates mentoring initiatives and activities of black male celebrities, business entrepreneurs, educators, political and community leaders.














                                        mentoring queens
                                    

mentoring queens, hosted by emmy & naacp image award-winner, loni love,  is a 1-hour quarterly docuseries celebrating african american female mentors.















                                        taste of the holidays
                                    

uplifting and inspirational songs by stellar awards-winning artists. host and artist reflections and remembrances of family gatherings around the thanksgiving holiday. 















                                        stellar tribute to the holidays
                                    

the 13th annual stellar tribute to the holidays celebrates the hoilday season with christmas carols, family remembrances, and uplifting messages of hope. 











                            our team
                        












 don jackson
chairman & ceo











 jennifer jackson
president & coo











 baba dainja el
syndication executive











 greg jackson
webmaster











 ivy jackson
creative services manager











 vanessa johnson
syndication services manager











 jamilah rhodes
media sales assistant











 ray sams
marketing & sales director











 rhonda sams
syndication & events manager











 jatika stewart
senior media planner











 crystal williams
accounting


















                                    stellar network
                                

                                    the stellar network is the first black-owned and targeted family-friendly television programming network. the network brand is rooted in faith, family, and community. its audience target is african american women 25-54 and their families. the stellar network exhibits a mix of general entertainment, lifestyle, documentary, gospel music, and special event programming targeting the modern african american audience. 
                                






our voice




our music




our culture














                                    high quality, family-friendly content for people of all ages.
                                












 

















                            what our visitor's say ?
                        

                            central city productions has a dedicated fan base and following
                        





testimonial's & national news

                                        "the 2023 black music honors were filmed in atlanta on friday (may 19), and what an event it was. this year’s show honored the likes of missy elliott, swv, evelyn “champagne” king, and jeffrey osborne, with performances from anthony hamilton, robin thicke, sevyn streeter, jacquees, queen naija, david banner, juvenile, the shindellas, 702, and others." click here for the full article


                                        vibe
                                    

                                        by mya abraham
                                    




cece winans to receive aretha franklin icon award at 2023 stellar gospel music awards

                                        "cece winans is set to receive the aretha franklin icon award at the 2023 stellar gospel music awards, which will be presented at the orleans arena in las vegas on saturday, july 15." click here for the full article


                                        billboard
                                    

                                        by paul grein
                                    




"black history honors' tv series filmed at cincinnati's freedom center"

                                        "kortney jamaal pollard, who performs under the stage name mali music, is filmed during a scene of stellar tv network’s “black history honors” television series outside the national underground railroad freedom center in cincinnati on tuesday, jan. 10, 2023. pollard is a grammy award-winning american recording artist, singer-songwriter and producer." click here for the full article


                                        cincinnati enquirer
                                    

                                        by albert cesare
                                    














                                    photo gallery
                                





                                   view photos from some of our 2023 flagship shows & events.
                                


































































                            sponsors
                        




































contact our sales team





























                                            contact us for further information
                                        









our number

                                                    312-654-1100
                                                







our address :

                                                    40 east huron, chicago, il 60611, usasuite 500w

                                                













                                        our new location
                                    

                                        40 east huron, suite 500w
                                    








                                        office hours
                                    

                                        monday-friday9:00am-5:00pm
                                    






















                                    chicago-based central city productions, inc. is a black owned television production, sales and distribution company.
                                




























our websites


stellar tv


stellar awards


america's black forum


black music honors


black college quiz






important links


national museum of gospel music


sagma academy


syndication


sales


office manager






join our newsletter

                                    subscribe our newsletter to get latest news and updates.
                                


subscribe now












  support




copyright © 2023 ccp tv. all rights reserved.








































