






njafp – new jersey academy of family physicians











































































































skip to content











new jersey academy of family physicians
 call us - 609/394-1711 
facebook


twitter


linkedin


youtube


email












menu


about

mission & vision
board & committees
njafp foundation
leadership
contact us
media inquiries


what we do

for patients
healthcare transformation services

state-wide learning collaborative
sparc-hiv
improving immunization rates
substance use disorder curricula
suicide prevention


policy & advocacy

njafp advocates for you!
state advocacy

new prescribing law for treatment of acute and chronic pain
prescription drug monitoring program
nj primary care loan redemption program
nj state department links


njafp-pac
federal advocacy
find your representative
the robert graham center


community engagement


news

perspectives
your academy in action newsletter
family physician profiles
njafp in the news
news releases


members

house of delegates 24
board & committee base camp site
family physician of the year award
committee nomination form


education

cme mission statement
cme course catalog
njafp learning hubs – separate login required

rheumatoid arthritis cme
menopause cme


suicide prevention podcast series
mtm lecture series
lupus lecture series for primary care
hosted courses
resources for care


calendar
annual meeting

annual meeting website
sponsors & exhibitors


njafp store
career center























































































latest news











closure of centrastate family medicine residency program



					november 17, 2024				


njafp is following the unfortunate announcement that centrastate family medicine residency program is closing.
news and updates on this closure can be found at https://njafp.org/centrastate-fm-closure/.
read more







new jersey senate honors dr. jeffrey p. levine for dedication to women’s health during world menopause awareness month



					november 11, 2024				


new jersey senate honors dr. jeffrey p. levine for dedication to women’s health during world menopause awareness month in honor of world menopause awareness month, new jersey senate president nicholas…
read more















upcoming meetings and events





















			feb		

			19		








12:00 pm - 1:00 pm  est  



		njafp vaccine webinar – orienting the landscape of pneumococcal vaccination	










			mar		

			24		








march 24 - march 26 



		aafp physician health and well-being conference	










			mar		

			25		








march 25 - march 27 



		aafp residency leadership summit	










			mar		

			25		








march 25 - march 27 



		aafp residency leadership summit	









		view calendar	
























making care primary in new jersey






the mission of the njafp is to advance the specialty of family medicine through education and advocacy for the benefit of the public at large and our membership.   njafp will transform the primary care practice environment such that family medicine is the specialty of choice in new jersey, ensuring an adequate supply of family physicians to care for the citizens of our state.












about njafp
















with nearly 2000 members, the njafp is the largest primary care medical society in the state and a chapter of the american academy of family physicians.
learn more









practice support















njafp offers hands-on and virtual support to help members improve patient care.









continuing education















njafp offers a wide variety of cme, both live and enduring, to meet your cme requirements. click the education tab above to browse our cme offerings.










for patients
















learn more about family physicians and the specialty of family practice. see patient-centered medical resources in your community.
learn more










njafp merchandise
















click and enter our njafp merchandise storefront!  get your njafp branded apparel and accessories and show your njafp pride!
learn more






























 










© 2025 new jersey academy of family physicians.  all rights reserved.

 contact njafp:
224 west state street
trenton, nj 08608
phone: 609/394-1711
fax: 609/394-7712
email us 




we use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. by clicking “accept”, you consent to the use of all the cookies. do not sell my personal information.settingsacceptprivacy & cookies policy




close






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.

 





								necessary							


necessary

always enabled




									necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. this category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. these cookies do not store any personal information.								






								non-necessary							


non-necessary





									any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. it is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.								












save & accept










 




scroll to top
















































































































