



carpet cleaning equipment, extractors and supplies






















top quality carpet cleaning equipment at rotovac's guaranteed lowest prices!



en español
rotovac carpet cleaning powerwand
rotovac 360i
rotovac 360xl
rotovac dhx
rotovac widetrack
rotovac upholstery tool
rotovac sheardry
rotovac ranger
rotovac cfx
stairpro carpet cleaning powerhead
century 400 equipment
diamondback portable extractor

				      ninja portable extractor 
				      truckmounts
			          carpet cleaning chemicals
			          wands, uph. tools, valves
u.s. products carpet cleaning supplies
vacuum and solution hose
		              advertisements 


find a carpet cleaner




d.a. burns of seattle purchases 10 rotovac's, one for each truck!
companies using the rotovac today

































 

 


 


 
 











 
                                    start your own carpet cleaning business! add a new cleaning crew! check out our complete carpet cleaning equipment package, which has all the tools you need to succeed.







 the rotovac cfx
                                      continuous flow extractor
a portable extractor that
                                          allows you to stop the
                                          "bucket brigade." the 
                                          new continuous flow 
                                          extractor is a revolutionary 
                                          portable extractor that
                                          allows the user to clean an 
                                          entire area with high-flow 
                                          water extraction without 
                                          ever having to empty a 
                                          recovery tank. easy to use 
                                          and fits in any size vehicle.
learn more














upgrade your carpet cleaning equipment with a new extractor
                            rotovac is pleased to offer a wide selection of professional carpet cleaning   equipment and machines.  check out the exciting brands in our  lineup, including diamondback, ninja, and kleenrite.
                             
truck mounts - the ultimate in cleaning performance
                            ready to take your carpet cleaning business to the next level?  upgrade your carpet cleaning equipment to a truck mount.    they can provide considerably more cleaning power than a small portable extractor, and are quicker to set up.




watch the online video 
                                      see how the rotovac will make a difference in your new business.
 










1-888-768-6822
 (toll free)

every purchase 100% satisfaction guaranteed!









 methods of carpet cleaning

there are many different methods of carpet cleaning. having been in the carpet cleaning business for over 
			    28 years, i have seen almost every conceivable way there is to clean a carpet. some carpet cleaning equipment and methods are 
			    better for fast drying, while other carpet cleaning methods are better for restorative deep carpet cleaning. the following are 
			    the three main methods of carpet cleaning.

 

extraction carpet cleaning: extraction carpet cleaning is widely recognized in the 
professional carpet cleaning industry as the most effective way to deep clean carpet. a carpet extractor uses a detergent 
solution that is injected into the carpet by a pump and then the solution is sucked back out of the carpet with high powered 
vacuum motors. carpet cleaning equipment solution pumps range in power from 100psi to over 1000 psi. vacuum motors range from 
100cfm to over 200cfm. heaters can be added to carpet cleaning equipment either internally or externally. hotter water 
breaks up greasy dirt faster. since the conception of extraction carpet cleaning equipment in the late 1960?s, the manual 
extraction wand has been the tool used for the extraction carpet cleaning. the manual wand has a 
vacuum slot which is usually about 12? wide, along with one or more spray jets to inject the cleaning solution. cleaning 
efficiency depends on how much effort and how many cleaning passes the operator is willing to make. the dirtier the carpet, 
the more cleaning passes needed. cleaning a heavily soiled carpet with a manual wand requires a tremendous 
amount of physical exertion to achieve satisfactory results.
rotary jet extraction: this is the latest technology in the professional carpet cleaning 
equipment industry and has proven to be the most thorough deep cleaning method to date. the rotovac powerwand 
is a rotary jet extractor that has 6 vacuum slots and spray jets which rotate over the carpet at 250rpm. as the spray jets inject 
the cleaning solution the vacuum slots simultaneously scrub and extract it back out. the rotovac vacuum slots clean the carpet 
from every different direction in a rotary motion rather than just back and forth like a manual wand and 
the motor does the work instead of the operator. click here to check out the 
rotovac powerwand.
bonnet cleaning: the bonnet method is good for quick maintenance surface cleaning where 
fast drying is a requirement. bonnets are made of synthetic or natural absorbent fibers. bonnets are round pads that go under 
standard floor buffers. first a cleaning solution is sprayed onto the carpet and then the bonnet equipment is run over the 
carpet to ?rub and absorb? the soil off of the carpet surface. this is a good method for fast drying maintenance cleaning 
only and is not a deep cleaning method. when using the bonnet method for maintenance cleaning it is recommended that a 
thorough extraction cleaning utilizing commong carpet cleaning equipment is also performed periodically to remove chemical 
residue and deeper soil. 
rotary brush or dry foam: uses a foaming water based shampoo that is supposed to dry to 
a powder or crystal to be vacuumed out of the carpet when dry. the shampoo is applied with a brush and standard floor scrubbing 
equipment. the brush generates foam as it spins or a machine generates foam before getting scrubbed with a brush. this method is 
likely to leave the carpet with a sticky residue and therefore its' use is on the decline.




 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 












copyright 2000 all rights reserved
			carpet-cleaning-equipment.com is owned and operated by rotovac corporation

all contents copyright © 1997-99 rotovac corporation 






