









oil egypt: marketplace for egypt oil and gas












account



news
events
projects
products
services
community











sdx announces result of rabul-3 well, west gharib concession




egypt
 - sdx energy plc, the mena-focused oil and gas company, is pleased to announce the result of its rabul-3 well in the west gharib concession in egypt (sdx 50% working interest & joint operator).         ...

shelf drilling secures contract extension in egypt




egypt
 - shelf drilling, ltd. (shlf) announced that it has secured a one-year contract extension for the trident 16 jack-up rig in direct continuation of its current term with belayim petroleum company (“petro...

maersk drilling secures one-well contract offshore egypt




egypt
 - maersk drilling has been awarded a one-well contract for the semi-submersible rig maersk discoverer offshore egypt. the contract has an estimated duration of 21 days and is expected to commence in mar...

completion of disposal of rockhopper egypt pty ltd




egypt
 - rockhopper exploration plc, the oil and gas exploration and production company with key interests in the north falkland basin, is pleased to announce that following satisfaction of the requisite condi...

eni reaches agreement allowing restart of the damietta liquefaction plant in egypt




egypt
 - eni signed a series of agreements with the arab republic of egypt (are), the egyptian general petroleum corporation (egpc), the egyptian natural gas holding company (egas) and the spanish company natu...

apache & pharos energy among bidders for shell's onshore assets




egypt
 - royal dutch shell’s onshore egyptian oil and gas assets have drawn interest from american, egyptian, asian and middle east bidders, two sources familiar with the matter told reuters.                  ...

update on completion of rockhopper acquisition




egypt
 - united oil & gas plc (uog) is pleased to announce the satisfaction of the regulatory conditions attached to its proposed acquisition (acquisition) of rockhopper egypt pty ltd., which holds a 22% inter...

egyptian natural gas exports to jordan to be resumed within 48 hours




egypt
 - the egyptian-jordanian fajr for natural gas transport and supply company said that the export of egyptian natural gas "will be resumed to jordan within 48 hours and in the same quantities agreed upon ...

commencement of drilling operations at south disouq




egypt
 - sdx energy plc is pleased to announce that the sd-6x (salah) well at south disouq in egypt (sdx 55% working interest) has commenced drilling operations. salah is expected to a reach its targeted depth...

methanex egypt & egpc sign mou for process safety management




egypt
 - mohamed shindy, methanex egypt managing director and eng. abed ezz el regal, the egyptian general petroleum corporation (egpc) ceo, signed a memorandum of understanding on wednesday february 12, 2020,...

opportunities

factory relocation to egypt: develop projects related to oil & gas for the middle east market. egyptian investors with experience in flow control and process industries are looking for a serious partner to develop
medium scale projects on a jv basis through established manufacturing facilities in cairo. (more details)









company
productservice














egypt gas puzzle





tubular diaphragm fire deluge valve, fm approved





transition zone surveys








engineering and environmental geophysics



thor geophysical has extensive experience in applications of geophysical measurements to environmental and engineering p...






wafer butterfly valve


butterfly valve, wafer type, w/ manual lever, pn16, body ggg50, shaft st.st., disc ggg50, seat epdm






surge vessel - bladder type 25 m3


surge vessel 25 m3
volume: 25,000 liters
position: horizontal
type: bladder type
maximum service pressure: 10 barg
...






carbon steel gear pump


internal gear pump model pd51emr-4u222 

pd: petrochemical duty pump in carbon steel, complete with motor on a common ...






ejector non-return valve


ejector non-return valve
g1-pe hose 8/12 max. 6 kg/h, ejector connection: union nut g1 suitable for ejector types: a,b,...

spotlight on companies
sac-systemssac systems covers  the demand for engineering applications  through procurement, installation and s...

green globe technologies s.a.efluid handling equipment,  anti water hammer systems and vessels, treatment systems, chlorination sy...

thor gmbhthor geophysical provides comprehensive geophysical field exploration and reservoir development serv...

spx process equipment copes-vulcanmfrs. of industrial valves for power generation, pulp & paper, chemical, water/wastewater & other pr...

cla-val sacontrol, automatic & relief valves.



trend	providing a market effective package, and services to foreign suppliers of products, through our ex...







1. projects
2. marketing
3. recruitment
4. procurement

subscribe today >>

























industrial supplies
valves
centrifugal pumps
positive displacement pumps
instrument
pipes
fittings
engines
flowmeters
electrical supplies
drilling
compressors
gas treatment
vessels
safety & environment
chemicals & petrochemicals
oil field services
engineering services
geological geophysical services
well services
industrial solutions from 2g products
















oil, gas prices
fuels energy
submit press release
egypt export






associations
oapec
opec
wpc
wec
igu













oil egypt e-marketplace - 
      subscription packages -
      benefits








copyright
 © universal solutions s.a.e. all rights reserved. 
      privacy policy. -
      career opportunities -
      feedback - 
      contact us 











