





































































arizona daily star | breaking news | | read tucson, az and arizona breaking news. get latest news, events and information on arizona sports, weather, entertainment and lifestyles.





















skip to main contentskip to main content


























46°




 






                        sign in
                    


                    subscribe now
                






manage account
 logout











 manage account
 e-newspaper

 logout
































news


sign up for newsletters



local



wildfires



arizona



business



crime



nation & world



saddlebrooke



politics



archives



marijuana guide



news tip




arizona daily star


e-edition



e-edition-tutorial



archives



special sections



merchandise



circulars



public notices



readers' choice awards



buyer's edge




obituaries


share your story



recent obituaries



find an obituary




opinion


submit a letter



submit guest opinion



letters to the editor



opinion & editorials



national columnists




sports


arizona wildcats



greg hansen



high schools



roadrunners



betting




lifestyles


events calendar



arts & theatre



food & cooking



movies & tv



movie listings



music



comics



games



columns



play



home & gardening



health



get healthy



parenting



fashion



people



pets



travel



faith



retro tucson



history



travel



outdoors & rec



community pages



brand ave. studios



join the community


news tip



share video




buy & sell


place an ad



shop local



jobs



homes



freedom rv az



marketplace



i love a deal




shopping


curated commerce




customer service


manage my account



newsletter sign-up



subscribe



contact us



mobile apps


weather: live radar






facebook





twitter





youtube





pinterest





instagram








© 2025 lee enterprises
terms of service | privacy policy















































































read today's e-edition















































                    log in
                


$1 for 3 monthssubscribe now







 



 manage account
 e-newspaper

 logout








e-edition

news

obituaries

opinion

wildcats

lifestyles

newsletters

comics & puzzles

public notices

jobs

freedom rv az








46°
clear

























        
        
            photos: sunnyside blanks salpointe 3-0, state open division playoffs

the blue devils upset the lancers with a 3-0 road win in the second round of the state open division soccer playoffs, february 14, 2025, tucson, ariz. 

















        
        
            mailbag: why oregon, uw might not graduate to full big ten revenue shares in 2030, acc peace and more

jon wilner's hotline mailbag: why oregon, uw might not graduate to full big ten revenue shares in 2030, acc peace, mw challenges, the saint mary's factor and more.

















        
        
            no. 21 arizona drops season opener for 1st time since 2008, falling 2-1 to ole miss

arizona’s pitching was strong but its bats were quiet in a 2-1 season-opening loss to ole miss in the shriners children’s college showdown at globe life field in arlington, texas.

















        
        
            2 cienega high school basketball fans arrested after 'intense' game

two cienega high school basketball fans were arrested in sierra vista after the bobcats lost to buena high school thursday.

















        
        
            hobbs says lawmakers could avoid her veto on voting bill

phoenix — gov. katie hobbs said friday she’s aware that lawmakers intend to send an issue directly to the ballot in 2026 once she vetoes on monday a bill to curb voters’ ability to drop off their early ballots. 

















        
        
            arizona men's basketball: scouting report for saturday's game against houston

houston tied the series at 6-6 when the cougars ousted the wildcats from the 2022 ncaa sweet 16, winning 72-60 at san antonio.

















        
        
            broadway in tucson rolls out red carpet for 20th anniversary

broadway in tucson celebrates 20th season with seven new shows including "& juliet" and the alicia keys musical "hell's kitchen," and brings back two fan faves.










            curated commerce
        
6 cbd oils to try for relaxation





                
                recommended for you




















        
        
            tucson restaurant owner calls visit by ice agents 'intimidation' attempt


















        
        
            norovirus cases on the rise in pima county



















        
            6 tucson restaurants make yelp's 'top 100 places to eat in america'















                
                subscriber exclusives
                
            

















        
        
            believers bought airplane for dead preacher thinking he’d rise from grave to fly in it

the story behind millions of dollars amassed by a fringe religious sect includes the distribution of recorded sermons by its dead prophet and tributes paid worldwide.





















        
            hobbs says lawmakers could avoid her veto on voting bill

phoenix — gov. katie hobbs said friday she's aware lawmakers intend to send an issue directly to the ballot in 2026 ballot once she vetoes a bill to curb voters' ability to drop off their early ballots. 





















        
            wildlife officials confirm presence of bat-killing fungus in arizona

a fungus that has killed millions of bats across north america has arrived in arizona, state wildlife officials announced on thursday.





















        
            a big day for 'i dos' in tucson

valentine's day was a busy one for pima county justice court in downtown tucson. judge kristel ann foster and judge ronald newman performed about 50 scheduled marriages throughout friday.












                
                the latest



















        
        
            tucson speaks up: letters to the editor for the week of feb. 14, 2025

our weekly round-up of letters published in the arizona daily star. 





















        
        
            tucson's top stories: february 14

get your morning recap of today's local news and read the full stories here: tucne.ws/morning 




















        
        
            busy northwest side interstate-10 interchange reopens




















        
            mort rosenblum: the irony is breathtaking, the results tragic

for star subscribers: trump's malignant narcissism knows no bounds. elon musk exploits that to reduce the world's only superpower committed to human values into a smash-and-grab thugocracy.












                
                interact with us


















        
        
            find your new rv



















        
        
            download our mobile app for a customized experience!

download it today! 




















        
        
            get the most important news in your inbox as it happens. sign up for breaking news:

get it delivered to your inbox! 




















        
        
            read the e-edition now – the digital replica of the newspaper!

updated every day! 





















                
                latest video




















        
        
            "& juliet" coming to tucson in 2025-26




















        
        
            video: tommy lloyd says he enjoys watching houston play




















        
        
            video: houston coach kelvin sampson recalls facing lute olson's 'monster'




















        
        
            vance berates european allies over free speech at munich security summit












                
                sports
                
                    


















        
        
            mailbag: why oregon, uw might not graduate to full big ten revenue shares in 2030, acc peace and more

jon wilner's hotline mailbag: why oregon, uw might not graduate to full big ten revenue shares in 2030, acc peace, mw challenges, the saint mary's factor and more.




















        
        
            no. 21 arizona drops season opener for 1st time since 2008, falling 2-1 to ole miss

arizona’s pitching was strong but its bats were quiet in a 2-1 season-opening loss to ole miss in the shriners children’s college showdown at globe life field in arlington, texas.




















        
        
            arizona men's basketball: scouting report for saturday's game against houston

houston tied the series at 6-6 when the cougars ousted the wildcats from the 2022 ncaa sweet 16, winning 72-60 at san antonio.





















        
        
            video: tommy lloyd says he enjoys watching houston play

arizona coach tommy lloyd praises kelvin sampson and says he loves watching sampson’s cougars play. 













                
                listen now podcasts




















        
        
            drone damages chernobyl nuclear plant; egg prices hit record high | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            hamas to release 3 israeli hostages; musk talks deleting agencies | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            how can you reclaim focus in a digital world? | the ethical life podcast

🎧 explore ways to sharpen your attention, stay present and build better habits for a more mindful, productive life.





















        
        
            need a vacation? take a trip to hbo's 'the white lotus' | streamed & screened

"the white lotus," hbo's breakout hit of 2021 was originally billed as a limited series. but it's back again for a third trip of what has become a popular anthology.














                
                life & entertainment
                
                    


















        
        
            51 fun events happening in tucson this weekend

what's going on in tucson this weekend: gem show, valentine's day festivities, stem festival, rodeo and more.




















        
        
            'elsbeth' becomes a family affair for carrie preston

carrie preston didn’t think her husband, actor michael emerson, was interested in her series, “elsbeth.” now he has a recurring role on the cbs whodunit.




















        
        
            could obesity drugs help with alcohol cravings? new study suggests potential

a new study suggests that medications that have transformed the treatment of obesity may also help people drink less alcohol. 

















                
                local events
                
            









 your browser settings are preventing events from loading. more info






×
 update settings to continue…


please try the following steps to enable.


open firefox settings → privacy & security → website privacy preferences
make sure "tell websites not to sell or share my data" is not checked.
make sure "send websites a do not track request" is not checked.




open chrome settings → privacy & security → third-party cookies
under advanced, make sure "do not track " is disabled.




open edge settings → privacy, search, and services
under privacy, make sure "send do not track" requests is not enabled
open cookies and site permissions → manage and delete cookies and site data
make sure "block third-party cookies" is not enabled




open your browser settings and make sure "do not track " is disabled.




                                open your cookie preferences.
make sure "targeted advertising" is toggled on.make sure "do not sell or share my personal information" is toggled off.click save











                
                partner
                
            









sponsored








        
        
            powerhouse partnership: big auto injury attorneys, the popok firm and ‘legal af’ podcast by meidastouch network unite for justice

content by big auto injury attorneys. learn more about meidastouch network’s “legal af” podcast's new partnership with big auto injury attorneys and the popok law firm.












partner








        
        
            don’t make yourself sick: check out these tips to avoid foodborne illness

get healthy. according to the u.s. centers for disease control and prevention, foodborne illnesses affect 48 million americans each year.












partner








        
        
            read the label: how to spot potential dangers in processed foods

get healthy. the u.s. food and drug administration requires nutrition labels on most packaged food items, and gaining a basic understanding of the information they reveal can guide you toward making healthier dietary choices.












partner








        
        
            the un‘friend’ly side of social media

get healthy. here are some helpful tips on how to keep your family and yourself safe online.
















                
                curated commerce
                
                    


















        
        
            6 cbd oils to try for relaxation

affiliate content. find the right cbd oils to fit your wellness routine. 




















        
        
            best greens powders for 2025: a nutritionist’s top 5

affiliate. we asked a nutritionist to share their top 5 greens powder picks to boost your daily nutrient intake and support overall health.




















        
        
            auto insurance rates set to rise in 2025: how to save on premiums

affiliate content. learn practical ways to reduce your auto insurance premiums in 2025. 




















        
        
            ozempic vs. semaglutide: 10 weight loss medications compared for 2025

affiliate. compare 10 weight loss medications to find the right one for you. 





























                
                local businesses
                
                    



























        
        
            agile plumbing sewer & drain



                                        1518  treat ave, tucson, az 85713
                                    






 website






























        
        
            catholic community service



                                        140 w speedway blvd ste 230, tucson, az 85705
                                    






 website






























        
        
            tanque verde lutheran preschool



                                        8625 e. tanque verde road, tucson, az 85749
                                    






 website





























×
















facebook





twitter





youtube





instagram







arizona daily star store

this is tucson

saddlebag notes

tucson festival of books



sites & partners


e-edition

classifieds

events calendar

careers @ lee enterprises

careers @ gannett

online features

sponsored blogs

get healthy




services


advertise with us

register

contact us

rss feeds

newsletters

photo reprints

subscriber services

subscription faq

licensing

shopping






                        © copyright 2025
                        arizona daily star, po box 26887 tucson, az 85726-6887
                    

terms of use
|
privacy policy
|
advertising terms of use
|
do not sell my info
|
cookie preferences




                        powered by blox content management system from bloxdigital.com.
                    












notifications
settings






you don't have any notifications.



get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.

topics

news alerts

subscribe






breaking news

subscribe

























