


friends of dinosaur park home page








friends of dinosaur park and arboretum
next






this is the website of the friends of dinosaur park and arboretum, inc.




this is the website of the friends of dinosaur park and arboretum, inc.




this is the website of the friends of dinosaur park and arboretum, inc.



previousprevious



toggle navigation





about us

park history
friends of dsp


directions and information

map directions
hours, admission, faqs


exhibits

inside the museum
outdoors
arboretum


education

programs: children and adults
school group programs
scout programs


events

coming events


museum shop

hours - information



support

donate to the fdpa










dinosaur state park
400 west street
rocky hill, ct 06067
grounds are open daily 9 - 4:30. trails close at 4 p.m.  exhibit center is open tuesday through sunday. 
the friends' museum store is now open:  tuesday thru sunday  9:30 am to 4:00 pm

additional information
gem and fossil mining is available during exhibit center hours. purchase mining bags at the museum store.










contact us:
park office line -    860-529-5816
fdpa only line -    860-257-7601
email for educators    deep.dinosaur@ct.gov
email to park office    deep.dinosaur@ct.gov
 








come, travel back to the age of dinosaurs
we are one of the largest dinosaur track sites in north america. beneath our geodesic dome, you will find an exceptional display of early jurassic fossil tracks that were made 200 million years ago.
surrounding our exhibit center are more than two miles of nature trails and the dinosaur state park arboretum, containing more than 250 species and cultivars of conifers, as well as katsuras, ginkgoes, magnolias and other living representatives of plant families which appeared in the age of dinosaurs.
our museum presents a bird’s-eye view of the preserved mesozoic floodplain covered with tracks, dioramas of triassic and jurassic environments, collections of fossils, and interactive exhibits.

dilophosaurus is the dinosaur believed to have made the tracks that are on display in the exhibit center. the first large carnivorous dinosaurs appeared in the early jurassic. the eubrontes tracks, which are the most abundant large fossil track found in the central valley of connecticut, are attributed to an 18 to 20-foot long predator. this ceratosaur quite likely was related to dilophosaurus. 


more than two miles of trails at dinosaur state park cover a variety of habitats, including a red maple swamp and shrub swamp and meadows. the forest area has sugar maple, birch, hickory, oak and beech trees. a traprock ridge reveals broken pieces of basaltic rock that once flowed as hot lava covering the habitat of connecticut's dinosaurs.
the trails are open daily, year-round, weather conditions permitting.


dinosaur state park officially opened in 1968, two years after 2,000 dinosaur tracks were accidentally uncovered during excavation for a new state building. five hundred of the tracks are now enclosed within the exhibit center's geodesic dome.the remaining 1,500 are buried for preservation.




the trackway in rocky hill, ct has been designated a registered national natural landmark by the u. s. department of interior. this historic site was preserved for future generations because of the dedication and foresight of many volunteers, educators, and concerned citizens. the friends of dinosaur park and arboretum, inc., a non-profit organization, not funded by the state government, exists to promote and ensure the perpetuity of this significant, historic and educational resource and its related exhibits.


dinosaur state park is part of the bureau of outdoor recreation, connecticut department of energy and environmental protection.













copyright © 2023 the friends of dinosaur park and arboretum, inc. all rights reserved



