bmw cca psr websitewelcome to bmw cca puget sound regionfeatured partnerorder your custom ultimate driving machine® at bmw seattle.learn morenext event learn moreall eventstop storiesmember profileautobiography: stefan yotz stefan yotzstefan yotz is a bmw cca board member who is chairman of our summer deutsche marque event. read moredriver educationtires singing in the rain andy wiestdriving in the rain on a racetrack can be a rewarding and fun experience.  don't miss the opportunity!read moretreasurer's report2024 treasurer's report dave cohen2024 treasurer's reportread more our partnersother storiesmember profileandy wiest autobiography andy wiestover time, for the past ~10 years, i joined and became very involved with this club, serving as a volunteer for events, and ultimately serving in multiple board positions, culminating in my tenure as club president.this journey was satisfying and rewarding and forged multiple new friendships. i would encourage anyone reading…get involved in *your* club! you will not regret it.member profiledavid lightfoot autobiography david lightfootthis is another in our series about our chapter board members, in this case, david lightfootbmw newsfree 2025 pro3 calendars bmw ccapro3 calendars are again being distributed by area businesses. bmw newscollectible bmw value trends david lightfootsports car market is out with its 2025 pocket price guide, their 29th annual edition. values are based on publicly available data from auctions and online sales. the magazine’s editors adjust the price ranges based on the most recent sales and their ‘read’ on the market.member profiledave cohen autobiography dave coheni guess i’ve always been a car guy – from spotting cars as a kid to knowing most late ‘50 – ‘60s cars by their taillights. car magazine subscriber beginning when i was 11. and i even remember satch from his old autoweek days. so, by the time i’d turned 15 ½ (learner’s permit), i’d already had a year of driving under my belt from escaping in one of my parents’ cars when they were away and then sneaking about town with friends. i got my license on my 16th birthday and have been driving ever since. member profilesteve libby autobiography  steve libbyi was a bmw cca member before even owning a bmw; suffering in an anemic 1996 ford ranger. way back in the early 1990s, i was lusting over a 1988 535is used and needed work. as a poorly paid post-doctoral fellow in la jolla, ca, owing such a machine would have to wait. finally, as a new faculty member at nc state university, i bought a 2001 325i.home© 2025 bmw car club of americathis site is not in any way connected with bayerische motoren werke ag or bmw of north america, inc. the club assumes no liability for any of the information, opinion, or suggestions contained herein. it is provided by and for the club membership only.