 












travel industry news & conferences - reuters events |


















































log in

username or e-mail *



password *


forgotten password?


 
subscribe



close log in window 









more from eyefortravel 

about us
eyefortravel blog
contact us
reports
webinars
free whitepapers
custom research



channels 

eyefortravel blog
distribution strategies
mobile & technology
revenue & data management
social media & marketing


events






search this site 





 
 




subscribe


log in 

















 

 









homeabout us
meet the team

events
free researchwhitepapers
webinars
podcasts
custom research

on demand researchvideo & slides from our conferences
reports
suggest a research topic
prospectus

subscribe
 
 


navigation 







distribution  strategies
mobile and technology
revenue and data management
social media and marketing
eyefortravel blog
 
 












social media and marketing how xanterra is standing out in a ‘sea of sameness’
understanding customer behavioural data is vital in the travel industry but never more so than now. the chief marketing officer of xanterra travel collection tells pamela whitby about rising to this challenge in no ordinary times 





revenue and data management
5 travel industry majors: bleak numbers and the spin of hope
booking, expedia, tripadvisor, ihg and hilton have all announced predictably dire results which...





revenue and data management
out of the big box: when flexible hotel inventory became obligatory
in a week where accor became the latest to launch a hotel office, is there reason to hope that...




upcoming events

 









distribution strategies










            how a small chain aims to deliver wellbeing in the time of covid-19         
in a frank q&a, we hear how my way hotels & resorts...

 








            keeping it clean and capturing wanderlust        
the desire to travel is strong but as economies begin to...

 

 









            dynamically packaged lcc and bed bank product        
lennert de jong, director of distribution, citizen m...

 

 
+ more analysis







mobile and technology 










            sensor alert: how the travel industry is investing in safety        
from helmets that screen temperatures to platforms...

 








            the future of aviation: automation, ancillaries and customer delight        
pamela whitby catches up with aviation innovator duffel...

 

 









            stay ahead of the competition by getting to grips with the app world        
heather forsythe, senior director- marketing, tripit looks...

 

 
+ more analysis







revenue and data management 










            5 travel industry majors: bleak numbers and the spin of hope        
booking, expedia, tripadvisor, ihg and hilton have all...

 








            out of the big box: when flexible hotel inventory became obligatory        
in a week where accor became the latest to launch a hotel...

 

 









            accor hotels - being personal in a digital world        
jonathan miller explores how to identify the right degree...

 

 
+ more analysis







social media and marketing 










            how xanterra is standing out in a ‘sea of sameness’        
understanding customer behavioural data is vital in the...

 








            best western: it won’t be a boring night         
pamela whitby chats to the ceo of best western about the...

 

 









            panel: manage your brand message through innovative social media and digital storytelling        
doug carrillo, vice president sales & marketing, virgin...

 

 
+ more analysis







articles trending now

 





eyefortravel on demand content










            gch hotels: how omnichannel is only achievable by leveraging data        
daniel wishnia, digital marketing consultant, gch hotels

 








            what distribution channels you should be focussing your efforts on, in 2014        
melpo wong looks at the distribution channels you should be...

 








            using data to better understand your customer        
chris dexter, vice president of operations, wyndham grand...

 

 
+ more analysis







eyefortravel blog 






can hotels win the booking? jul 17, 2019
in the battle to win customers to direct channels, hotels need to adopt a multi-pronged strategy finds new report.hotels are struggling to win direct bookings in a hyper-competitive age...
 


hotels no longer own their guests jul 15, 2019
reaching the consumer is absolutely critical but hotels are failing to capture enough of the market and are paying the price says new report.according to an eyefortravel industry survey,...
 


what dynamic pricing leaders can teach the travel industry jul 11, 2019
...
 








 












  





 
 

upcoming events


 
 

latest reports





the state of hospitality distribution: direct bookings


 


dynamic and personalized pricing  


 


china online travel market: the trends to watch


 


understanding customer behavior through demand-based analytics


 


japan airlines, rci and allegiant: the journey to hyper-personalization with a human touch


 

 
 

latest webinars





building a smarter journey

 


blockchain demystified - how will it change your travel business?

 


webinar: personalization in travel - moving beyond the buzzword

 


webinar:surviving the gdpr - the unstoppable regulation

 


webinar: create apps that engage the travel customer
with mobile purchases on the rise, the travel industry is making great strides to be more relevant, but what could we be doing to become more engaging?  hear trainline.com, heathrow airport and app annie discuss app engagement 
 

 
 


 
















© reuters events  |  terms of use | privacy policy  |  +44 (0) 207 375 7500  |  james@eyefortravel.com | contact us | about us
 
reuters events is part of reuters news & media ltd, 5 canada square, canary wharf, london, e14 5aq. registered in england and wales: 2505735.
 
 

 



















 
 

