




 

classic cars for sale for south africa - brian noik
































































































 





  








 
























 
 








 
home
cars for sale
social feeds
contact
 

 menu


home
cars for sale
social feeds
contact
 













 























 


 


delivering your dreams... one car at a time 
							




 



















 










 we sell cars to those that appreciate the classics. these are rare, well maintained and loved classic cars by owners who are passionate about their cars as much as you are. if you are a person who can appreciate the timeless classic we have the right car for you. we search all over south africa and we match the right owner with the right buyer. buying and selling classic cars has been our passion for a long time and we enjoy meeting people who are passionate about cars as much as we are. with a selection that is always growing, we always have new and more amazing antique/vintage cars available. 


















 













1954 jaguar xk120 drophead











 













1911 ford model t torpedo roadster











 













1933 mg j2











 













1961 alfa romeo giulietta sprint speciale











 













1958 maserati 3500 g.t











 













1979 ferrari 308 gts











 













1988 lamborghini jalpa











 













1935 austin 10 colwyn cabriolet








 















want more of our fantastic selection, or just news and updates on what’s to come? why not check out our facebook page to keep in touch with us? even better, we have an instagram so you can see our stunning collection at your fingertips. or just contact us directly for more information on any great cars we offer. any support will help grow our company and allow us to expand our selection even further. 


























passionate about classic cars 























first name or full name

email





 


































copyright © old cars 2022. all rights reserved 












sharesharesharemail 








































