






entergy louisiana | we power life.  

















 search



payments and billingbilling optionspayment optionstools to manage my billi need help paying my billresidential customersbusiness customerssafetyresidentialbusinesscommunitiesthe power to carecorporate and foundation givingeconomic developmentgoentergyavailable sites and buildingsnew construction servicesmyentergy 



contact usfaqnewsroomabout uscareers|entergy.com 







entergy louisiana, llc|
contact usfaqnewsroomabout uscareers|entergy.com myentergy|outages













payments and billingbilling optionspayment optionstools to manage my billi need help paying my billresidential customersbusiness customerssafetyresidentialbusinesscommunitiesthe power to carecorporate and foundation givingeconomic developmentgoentergyavailable sites and buildingsnew construction services 
















entergy louisiana's phase one resiliency plan
enhancing reliability for louisiana communities and businesses
in april 2024, the louisiana public service commission approved phase one of entergy louisiana’s five-year grid resilience plan, which includes projects to strengthen the state’s electric infrastructure. read more about the plan







you can have the impact of 74 trees planted
entergy's green select program helps keep sustainable energy easy and affordable
this program lets you match some or all of your monthly electricity usage with renewable energy certificates, or recs, that are generated and/or purchased by entergy louisiana and retired on your behalf. learn more







start, stop or transfer service
it's fast and easy to update your service online
whether you're new to entergy, moving across town or moving across the country, you can take care of it all, all in one place. get started







freedom to go paperfree
drop the paper bill. enjoy the perks.
thanks to our insightful e-bill and mobile app, you can rest easy going paperless and help save time, clutter and the environment. go paperfree







never miss a payment
get a heads-up with billing alerts
stay on top of your energy bill with easy notifications. sign up for text or email alerts ahead of when your bill is due — you choose how many days out. get billing alerts




•
•
•
•
•








					quick links				







myentergy
view and pay my bill 






view outages
view power status in your area 






moving?
start, stop or move service 






storm center
be prepared for bad weather 








					featured content
				









payment options
choose how your bill is calculated and when, where and how you pay it.
learn more









pay online
no checks. no postage. no fees. simply log into myentergy.
learn more









entergy solutions
energy audits, incentives, rebates and energy efficiency products.
learn more









energy tips
the more you know about how you use energy, the more ways you can save.
learn more









latest news and insights









news > grid modernization
entergy louisiana strengthens the grid with completion of transmission upgrades in metairie
02/10/2025
entergy louisiana has completed critical upgrades to its transmission infrastructure in metairie as part of its resilience plan. 
read more






common energy-wasting habits
if these common energy-wasting habits seem familiar, you should make energy efficiency part of your daily routine.
learn more 

 
 




more news and insights































contact usfaqcareersabout usadditional linksbuilding a bright future for louisianaintegrated resource planbaton rouge natural gas infrastructure replacementnelson plant ccr rule compliancedoe smart grid grant awardedespañolentergy.com 









© 2025 entergy corporation. all rights reserved.



accessibility
privacy policy
terms of use










			search siteclose











