home | ozark bank
homeskip to main contentskip to footerdownload acrobat reader 5.0 or higher to view .pdf files. due to inclement weather, ozark bank will be closing all offices including teller on demand at 12 pm on tuesday february 18, and opening late on wednesday february 19 at 12 pm.  please utilize online or mobile banking, bill pay and mobile deposit for access to your account. for a lost or stolen debit card, please call 1-800-383-8000 24/7.  got it, thanks!  ozark bank  toggle navigation    menuclose menu

personal


banking


personal checking

personal savings

money market account

certificate of deposit

individual retirement account

health savings accounts



tools


online banking

bill pay

debit card alerts





business


banking


business checking

business savings

business money market account

business certificate of deposit



tools


business beneficial ownership reporting

online banking

remote deposit capture

ach origination & cash management

bill pay





lending


personal


loan officers

mortgage loans

construction loans

home equity loans

consumer loans

credit cards



business


loan officers

business term loans

business line of credit

commercial real estate loans

multi-family and apartment complex loans

commercial construction loans

sba loans

mobuck$ - linked deposit loans

credit cards



agriculture


loan officers

agriculture real estate loans

agriculture operating line of credit

livestock and agriculture equipment loans





quick links


apply for a mortgage loan

atm/branch locator

business beneficial ownership reporting

careers

contact us

debit card management - brella

financial calculators

open an account

our history



 search close loginclosefdic logofdic-insured - backed by the full faith and credit of the u.s. government close online bankingwelcome back!log in to your account.usernamesign inforgot passwordenroll 

banking from your phone?


download our app for ios

download our app for android



  close searchwhat can we help you find?search start site searchozark bank   

personal banking

it's all about you!

checking accounts

    business banking

hometown friends and neighbors.

compare accounts    online banking


great just got better!

online banking features

 play main slider/pause main slider 
bill pay

pay anyone, anytime, anywhere.

view features  
debit card alerts

start receiving alerts for security.

card alerts  
atm/branch locator

find a location near you.

search our locations  
contact us

have a question or need to chat?

view contact information  
open an account

open an account with ozark bank today!

let's get started  
credit cards

enjoy the convenience and protection.

card benefits   serving the ozarks over a century
one thing that hasn’t changed at ozark bank is our commitment to doing things right – and doing the right things. throughout the years, we have continued to focus on making loans that made sense for both the borrower and the bank.     mortgage loans
there's no place like home.

lending options   discover why we're different
ozark bank was created by hometown men and women over a century ago. these men and women believed that the folks of christian county deserved a better way to access banking services and loans in their community, and that belief became the humble beginning of ozark bank.
  our community vision
    community life  ozark bank is honored to serve the beautiful ozark region community. from the hometown ozark scenery to downtown nixa sucker days and friday-night eagles and tigers football games, there’s nowhere we’d rather be located!   meet tod, our teller on demand       our history
ozark bank is the only remaining home-owned bank in christian county.
ozark bank history    careers
check out our open positions and apply to be a part of our winning team today!
career opportunities    calculators
choose from several financial calculators to help you create a budget, save for retirement, estimate payments, and so much more. 
financial calculators play secondary area slider/pause secondary area sliderback to the topozark bank routing # 08150573124/7 telephone banking: 417-581-2323

facebook

instagram

linkedin



resources


tod - teller on demand

atm/branch locator

calculators

idprotect fraud protection



about us


our history

careers



branches


downtown ozark

business 14

highway nn

nixa





privacy policy

report of condition

accessibility statement

disclosures

customer service

ozark bank nmls #712092

©  ozark bankequal housing lender 
