








	amazing health facts






















start your journey toward better health today!











toggle navigation










newstart
health bites blog
resources
contact


























take it outside! 

we spend less time outdoors than ever—and we’re paying a huge price. learn the benefits of going outside and get tips for making the most of it.







taming the sweet tooth 

do you wonder why you or a loved one craves sugary food? do you wish you could overcome it? get answers—and hope—today! 







fascinating facts about fabulous fiber 

it’s true: some of us have heard about dietary fiber so often that we’ve simply tuned it out as a humdrum element of our food. but there’s peril in our indifference. indeed, most americans consume only half the recommended amount of fiber per day. that’s a big mistake!











      n.e.w.s.t.a.r.t.       n   nutrition born in 1483, thomas parr is said to have lived to the incredible age of 152! ...  read more        e   exercise when wilma rudolph was only four years old, she contracted polio, which ...  read more        w   water about 100 years ago, a pile of bones was found on a sand dune in saudi arabia. read more        s   sunlight the sun is a colossally big, fantastically hot cosmic radiation powerhouse ...  read more        t   temperance few marine animals are as mysterious, hypnotic, and intimidating as jellyfish.  read more        a   air in the last century, man has conquered some of the most extreme environments  read more        r   rest did you know that just one hour of sleep deprivation increases the number of ... read more        t   trust in god a placebo is something that looks like a legitimate drug but is really ...  read more       










about
here you’ll learn more about the vital physical, mental, and spiritual connection that leads to a longer and stronger life. plus inspiring and informative articles on nutrition, exercise, and much more!


browse site


n.e.w.s.t.a.r.t.


health bites blog


resources


ask a question




contact us


p.o. box 1058roseville, ca95678-8058
(916) 434-3880
send us an email


















medical disclaimer   | 
		terms of use   | 
		privacy policy   | 
		contact us   | 
		amazing facts































