
















































rainbow







[home] [art
      gallery] [art-i-facts] [chi
      coaching/ toltec
      mentoring and playshops] [royal
      photograph gallery-19th century]   
 [about connie]
      [contact/order] [links]
      [books and articles] [myth
      of mandy brot] 
 [tennessee
      art therapy association] [paint
      shop pro tutorials]
 












welcome
to my rainbow garden  of
art and creativity playshops
creating
my art is like a spiritual garden where i grow rainbows of colors.
it
is my meditation, along with yoga, and a way for me to achieve inner and
outer harmony as i journey on the spiral path of life.
my
stories on cowbird.com, http://cowbird.com/author/connie-livingston-dunn/ 
 




mimosa
      love
oil
      painting, 20 x 20", gallery wrap canvas
prints
      available
 






i'm in the labyrinth
      crystal
the key is love and
      gratitude with awareness 









creative
      heart intuition=chi

 heart
      based creative intuition mentoring, huna teachings, and toltec
      mentoring 

in the tradition of don miguel ruiz,
      author of the four agreements, 

and
      power of
      belief (tm) mentoring, developed by ray dodd, 

 author of the power of belief 
      and belief works 

certified
      belief works mentor, board certified art therapist


excerpt
from "forming the pearl:  creative receptive expressive
therapy"
process
applications with adults who have been sexually abused  paperback: 
http://www.amazon.com/forming-pearl-creative-receptive-expressive/dp/1456544160 
e-book: http://www.bookwhirl.com/e-bookshelf/book/forming-the-pearl-creative-receptive-expressive-therapy-with-adults-who-have-been-sexually-abused/118.html 
 



comments on connie's art

one might say that connie livingston-dunn bridges the gap between the
technical reality of the life of fractals and the fantasy that can be derived
from it. as a matter of fact it is the artist herself who equivocates fractal
with fantasy. the fractal dredges up existential reality and emanation to begin
with. the endless manifestation and morphing that is essential to the reality of
fractals is evident. but there is also a re-organizing of reality done within
them, which this artist has seized upon for her own duplicity - regarding the
portals of a pure fantasy life and setting up the surface to reflect this. a use
of fractals laced with sincerity. charlie newton, director of fathom gallery,
  chattanooga, tn

your combination of pattern,
  the recognizable and the mysterious nature of the unknown makes your vision
  unique, yet approachable.  the work is rapt with much positivity, not to
  mention possibility!  marjorie kaye, director, caladan gallery
"connie has created many beautiful works of art
  in oil paint and watercolors, prints of dazzling vivid colors, tranquil and
  relaxing paintings, artwork that will reel you into a world where color
  surrounds you with warmth and comfort...it screaming tranquility".  deb jackson
those are beautiful this month! i took a whole course
in fractals and chaos theory when i was in graduate school.  i recognized
many of the shapes right away:-).  pat riley, associate professor of math
and statistics and director of student activities, hopkinsville community
college, hopkinsville, ky, comment from solo exhibit at hopkinsville community college,
kentucky


"i'd like
    to tell you which one i like best, but each one is so beautiful i can't
    choose.  the paintings are
    magical. they transport me to a dreamy, mystical, colorful world".  lisa
    tener, author of good and mad: transform anger using mind, body,
    soul and humor, writing coach, saunderstown ri

"this art therapist's art is a joy
  to meditate with, a spectrum of beauty; using the imagery of fractals, the
  artist brings the viewer into their own unique inner world. wassily kandinsky
  is noted as being a primary influence on her work."  suzanne bishop,
  franklin tn
9th
      annual abstraction international, 2007 upstream people gallery,
      special recognition
connie livingston-dunn
      of springville, tennessee takes advantage of her digital knowledge to
      create some very interesting collages. “brahma gupta crevice” is one
      of those in which flower-like images composed of fanciful curvilinear
      constructions overlay a soften patterned backdrop.
9th
annual collage, digital & mixed media international juried online art
exhibition, 2007, special recognition connie
  livingston-dunn of springville, tn has mastered the digital media in the
  wonderful layering of imagery which is quite successful in her piece “dreamer”.
  the fanciful fractalizing overlapping the brain area of the silver-like face
  portrays the idea well.






 





 



 





updated april, 2014








 









 

return to top of page
back to art gallery
back to home page
email connie at:
 yogart41 at yahoo.com for speediest response 
connie@rainbowartscenter.com  or
chiartconnie@gmail.com 
for information on
purchasing original art, prints or mentoring program
all graphics and web content are copyrighted by connie
livingston-dunn and rainbow arts center, 2003-2014


