


libertytheater.org - home

















































				home
			



				calendar
			



				cinema
			



				stage productions
			



				special events
			



				financial support
			



				gallery
			



				about us
			



				volunteer partners
			



				contact us
			
































columbia county's center for culture & the performing arts in southeast washingtonowned and operated by touchet valley arts council in historic dayton, washington




now showing! 











 
conclavefeb 15-18     nominated for 8 oscar awards!conclave follows one of the world’s most secretive and ancient events – selecting the new pope. cardinal lawrence (ralph fiennes) is tasked with running this covert process after the unexpected death of the beloved pope. once the catholic church’s most powerful leaders have gathered from around the world and are locked together in the vatican halls, lawrence uncovers a trail of deep secrets left in the dead pope’s wake, secrets which could shake the foundations of the church. rated pg: for thematic material and smokingruntime: 120min.​
 









coming soon!​











 
dog manfeb 21-25    hilarious, canine-crime-fighting feature film adaptation of dav pilkey's new york times bestselling literary series phenomenon: dog man. when a dog and a police officer are injured together on the job, a life-saving surgery changes the course of history when dog man is born. half dog, half man, dog man is sworn to protect and serve-- as long as he isn't distracted by squirrels--as he doggedly pursues his arch-nemesis: the feline supervillain petey the cat. but the rivalry between dog man and petey is upended by the arrival of an adorable kitten clone of petey, lil petey, who changes the game for both of them. with humor, hijinks and heart, dog man explores the power of love (and kittens!) to bring even the most hostile (and hairy) foes together.rated: pg for some action and rude humorruntime: 94min.​
 

 









 

 

















 
captain america brave new worldfeb 28 - mar 4   marvel studios' "captain america: brave new world" features anthony mackie as captain america. the falcon, played by mackie in previous mcu films, officially took on the mantle of captain america in the finale of "the falcon and the winter soldier," on disney+ in 2021.after meeting with newly elected u.s. president thaddeus ross, played by harrison ford in his marvel cinematic universe debut, sam finds himself in the middle of an international incident. he must discover the reason behind a nefarious global plot before the true mastermind has the entire world seeing red.rated pg-13 for intense sequences of violence and action, and some strong languageruntime: 118 min.​
 




 the witch in 204       click here for photo albumjanuary 24-26, 2025















 
"songs of the elements"   variety show 2025fri   march 28  7 pmsat  march 29  3 pm & 7 pmsun march 30  3 pmall ages, talents, and skill levels are encouraged to participate!to sign up for an audition you can still email the directors at libertyvariety2023@gmail.com.information night was wednesday, jan. 8  all ages, talents, and skill levels are encouraged to participate.audition dates were:thursday, jan. 9 & saturday, jan. 11 
 






box office hours:  ​​​2-5 pm tuesday & fridayin person or by phone at (509) ​382-1380you can buy tickets at the door which open 45 minutes before the show.​regular movie times​​​friday         7:00pmsaturday   7:00pmsunday       3:00pmtuesday      6:30pm​all regular movie tickets are sold only at the door, open seating, no reservations.



volunteers needed ​to help sell concessions,​and help clean up after. you get a free movie, soda and popcorn if you agree to stay and clean up.please contact michele at 382-1380


















 get monthly updates from dayton's liberty theater!
* indicates required field
name *



first



last





email *






comment *











				i agree to receiving marketing and promotional materials
					*















submit





 
click here to view the liberty theater closure/cancellation policy, and no-refund policy. 

www.instagram.com/the_liberty_theater_dayton_wa/


follow the liberty theater on facebook for updates and information

 







liberty theater wishes to thank innovia foundation and its columbia county children's fund, for a generous grant in support  of the summer cultural enrichment program  scep2023, and again now for scep2025


the liberty theater expresses many thanks to united way of the blue mountainsfor a generous grant in 2023 for our scep2024 summer children's program, and again in nov 2024 for the 2025 summer children's program.



liberty theater is grateful to  ​puget sound energy and their community support program for a grant to provide materials for our balcony remodel project in 2022, and their grants to support operations in 2023 and 2024.

special thanks to the dayton/columbia county washington fund at bmcf for their support again in 2024 of our summer children's programs, and also for so many previous years.

big thanks to the warren community action fund  at bmcf for their generous support over the years, including for the 2024 summer cultural enrichment program  (summer children's movies and shows). 




liberty theater is grateful to the skyline juniors of dayton for generous support of the summer cultural enrichment program again in 2024. 




liberty theater is pleased and grateful to have received an unrestricted grant in 2024 from artsfund to help us carry out our mission.






 big thanks to the wildhorse foundation for a major grant in july 2022 to help our balcony remodel project!
 






 

















 

restart washington grant fiscal year 2022 and 2023liberty theater is thankful for awards totaling $ 4,200 from coronavirus state fiscal recovery funds, for general operating expenses incurred for our program. this program is supported, in part, by a grant from the washington state arts commission (now also known as “artswa”) and the national endowment for the arts.

 



















 






 



​working washington 3 grantwe were fortunate to receive a cares act grant of $12,500, in 2020, for covid related support, from the washington state department of commerce, disbursed by cdp washington, and coordinated to us by port of columbia.we express our sincere gratitude to those agencies for this support. ​
 

special thanks for the ​arts washington grant received in 2020arts washington awarded a $10,000 support grant to the touchet valley arts council, owner and operator of dayton's historic liberty theater. the washington state arts commission (artswa) in collaboration with the washington state department of commerce made the cares relief funding available to washington state arts and cultural organizations impacted by the covid-19 pandemic through the grant application process.

 


















 






 

 












​thanks to ocf and the c.m. bishop jr. family fund for ongoing valuable support during covid-19.


our thanks to humanities washington, affiliate of the national endowment for the humanities, for generous support during covid-19.


support during covid-19 was made possible in part by the national endowment for the humanities: exploring the human endeavor


thanks to pse for funds to enhance the safety of our building. 


thanks to all in wa, all its donors for matching funds for our 2020 annual appeal thru bmcf charitable gift guide. thanks also to seattle foundation for their role in the effort


thank you to the national endowment for the arts for their support, through artswa.

 

thanks to blue mountain community foundation for partnering with us both in our summer kids program, and in our balcony remodel project. learn about it here. 


​​​thanks to innovia for repeated support of our summer cultural enrichment program through columbia county children's fund.


​thanks to the murdock trust for support in the original building purchases and renovations of the liberty theater and annex renovation.


​thanks to the sherwood trust for support in the original building purchases and renovations of the liberty theater and annex renovation.


thanks to artswa (the washington state arts commission), and the washington state department of commerce for a cares act grant to support operations during covid-19. 

 









​​thanks to thewildhorse foundation for significant electrical/hvac upgrades.and again in 2022 for major support for our balcony safety remodel project.

 

​we are proud to be a member of the dayton chamber of commerce!

 






















 






 














 






 



 

thank you to port of columbia, and thank you to commerce and cdp washington for the working washington 3 grant award to support theater operations during covid 19.












 






 



 
















site powered by weebly. managed by pair networks







    				home
    			



    				calendar
    			



    				cinema
    			



    				stage productions
    			



    				special events
    			



    				financial support
    			



    				gallery
    			



    				about us
    			



    				volunteer partners
    			



    				contact us
    			














