



wheelock family genealogy




















welcome


overview
welcome to the wheelock genealogy website. here you'll find a large and growing genealogy of the wheelock family in the united states.
                               browse the wheelock genealogy by clicking on the 'browse' button at the top, search using the search box to the right, or visit one of the
                               topics in the sidebar.
what's new in 2024
oct 31st


john wheelock
                                of charlton died 13 june 1816 according to his gravestone in the northside cemetery. his birth was not recorded,
                                but the date is widely
                                given as 1759, probably copied from walter t. wheelock, the wheelock family in america, p. 28. no original record was found
                                to support 1759. upon close examination, his headstone clearly says age 55, which would imply a 1760 or 1761 birth date.
                                one other document supports the 1760 or 1761 birth date. see john
                                wheelock's notes for more in depth discussion.
                           

                                added a discussion about the will of spencer, massachusetts, resident
                                martin wheelock,
                                which gave the wrong name for his wife of almost fourty years. his wife,
                                clarissa (thayer) wheelock,
                                had to contest the will to receive her rightful inheritance.
                           

                                added spouses for the children of roxa wheelock
                                and sanford gorton.
                           

                                filled in details for the children of chapin wheelock
                                and his wife, lucy wheelock.
                                their daughter, betsey wheelock,
                                married amos b. parmenter.
                                betsey died 17 april 1848, probably around a decade after marrying amos.
                                she is buried in protection cemetery, sardinia, erie county, new york.
                                (see find a grave memorial here.)
                                census records suggest she may have had
                                at least one child, but no records were found to confirm this.
                                the identity of amos parmenter's parents were
                                identified using indirect evidence.
                                see notes for amos b. parmenter.
                                also, the parents of his father,
                                jonas parmenter,
                                have been identified. they are not usually given in online genealogies, but have been
                                added to wikitree here.
                           

                                identified the parents of
                                josiah wheelock (1763 to 1829 or 1830),
                                clock maker of sutton, massachusetts.
                                see notes for
                                josiah for more information.
                           
apr 27th


                                added updates to
                                paul wheelock (b. 8 mar 1785, charlton, worcester county, massachusetts).
                                probate record reveal that he was the same person as the paul wheelock, jr.
                                of boston who married pamelia w. davenport 1810 in portsmouth, new hampshire,
                                and who died 27 feb 1833 in charlestown.
                                see notes for paul.
                           
apr 16th


                                updated and improved the source citations for the descendants of
                                reu wheelock (1785-1833)t, and
                                eli wheelock (about 1788-1829)t. corrected a few errors and filled in family members,
                                mostly spouses and their parents.
                           
  
                                modified the marriage date of
                                abigail barrett and
                                joseph drury wheelockt, which
                                has widely been given as 28 march 1791. but no original record has been found for that
                                date; and it is contradicted by a marriage intention found in the ashby, middlesex county, massachusetts town
                                records. for more detailed discussion see the research notes
                                for abigail barrett at wikitree.
                           
jan 16th


                                updated and improved the source citations for descendants of
                                silas b. wheelock (1811-1897),
                                john homer wheelock (1813-1887),
                                and joseph wheelock (1819-1902).
                                family members were filled in (mostly parents of spouses), and a few mistakes
                                were corrected. the parents of
                                sarah houghton (1813-1890)
                                were identified, based on a houghton family bible, and other family records
                                (see houghton surname project).
                                no direct original sources have been found
                                to confirm her parentage, but the conclusion is consistent with census records and dates.
                           

                                spent some time trying to trace
                                eliza ann wheelock (1812-?)
                                of batavia, genesee county, new york, daughter
                                of reu and rosanna (smiley) wheelock.
                                she most likely married jesse w. taylor on 24 dec 1826 in batavia, based on a newspaper article
                                in the batavia republican advocate at fultonhistory.org,
                                hilited toward the bottom right of the page
                                here. she would have been a bit young at the time - 14 - but she is the only person with that name known to be in batavia at the time. unfortunately, after considerable effort, no record of her was found after her marriage. the trail of dead ends is documented in the notes for
                                eliza.
                           

                                corrected a few other errors, including the spouse of
                                nancy ingraham wheelock (1819-1857)
                                who was incorrectly identified as elias alexander, when
                                it should have been
                                sabin davis.
                           

                                updated the the descendants of rev. ralph wheelock and the wheelock family of charlton, massachusetts pdfs, which
                                can be downloaded in the side bar to the right.
                           
what's new in 2023

sep 27th


                                updated the genealogy of lewis wheelock (1807 - 1881)
                                of concord, new york, his wife, eliza palmer (about 1814 - 1895), and their
                                descendants. in this process, it was noticed that the death date for lewis wheelock given in his probate records cannot be
                                correct.
                                his probate records said he died "on or about 24th december 1881."
                                yet his obit
                                appeared in the 1 december 1881
                                edition of the buffalo daily courier, more than three weeks earlier. the death date given in his obit is more likely
                                the correct date - 24 nov 1881.
                           

                                also, found proof that the parents of his wife, eliza palmer, were samuel palmer and his wife mary, of boston and concord, erie
                                county, new york. see notes for eliza palmer.
                           
june 25th


                                sorted out the maiden name of
                                william henry wheelock's second wife,
                                lida beetch. it was previously thought to be coen,
                                but the 1930 and 1950 census records identify beetch as the surname 
                                of her single (and never married) sister, mary. in 1880, mary was living
                                with her mother, catherine beetch. catherine died in 1900. a probate
                                notice in the 10 may 1901 edition of the saline semi-weekly journal
                                identified mrs. lida a. wheelock as an heir of catherine beetch. 
                                mr. w. h. wheelock was granted letters of administration for her estate.
                                for details and source citations, see the notes for
                                lida beetch.
                           

                                also, did some research into the possible parentage of
                                rena baldwin (prob. 1777 to 1833).
                                no conclusions were
                                drawn, but some possibilities were eliminated.
                           
apr 17th


                                did an in-depth study of the family of
                                relief wheelock (1777 - ???) and
                                jabez howe (1771 - 1851) of batavia, new york.
                                there are a few contradictions and mysteries with this family.
                                howe genealogies: the genealogy of john howe of sudbury and marlborough, massachusetts,
                                by daniel waite howe and gilman bigelow howe, identifies the children of jabez and relief
                                here (vol. 1, pg. 97).
                                while most of the children in this list are consistent with census,
                                land, and probate records, a few of them are not, and there are probably a few missing.
                           

                                for example, their first born, fanny howe, has a number of inconsistencies, which are
                                discussed in her notes.
                                also their fourth child, sally howe, born 10 june 1799, is often identified as
                                the wife of salmon b. lusk; but her birth date is not consistent with that assertion. the 
                                sally howe that married salmon b. lusk was born 7 june 1819 in batavia, 
                                genesee county, new york, to "mr. and mrs. jabez howe [presumably jabez and relief]."
                                read more about that in the notes for
                                sally (b. 1799) here,
                                and in the notes for the
                                second sally (b. 1819) here.
                           

                                a john wheelock,
                                born circa 1792 in massachusetts, lived in batavia in
                                the early 1800s, and lived with sally and salmon lusk in 1850 and 1860.
                                the identity of john is unknown, but possibly a close relative of
                                relief (wheelock) howe.
                           

                                the death date for relief (wheelock) howe has not yet been discovered, but
                                she died before 17 june 1846, when her husband, jabez, and his wife
                                martha
                                sold property in batavia to john kilborn for $1.
                                martha's maiden name is not known, but
                                her surname when she married jabez was almost certainly kilborn, and likely john kilborn
                                was her son.
                           
feb 20th


                                updated the descendants of rev. ralph wheelock of medfield, massachusetts and
                                the wheelock family of charlton, massachusetts which can be downloaded from the
                                downloads menu to the right.
                           

                                added more details for nancy perry, the wife of
                                josiah wheelock and clark wheelock, of orange,
                                massachusetts. her daughter,
                                mary ann "may" wheelock was an artist in brooklyn, new york.
                                may exhibited twice at the national academy of design in
                                new york citty, in 1877 and 1878. her painting on esopus
                                creek can be seen at the hawthorne fine art gallery
                                here.
                                it was not fully understood that may wheelock, the artist who displayed at
                                the national academy of design, was the daughter of clark and nancy (perry) wheelock until the 
                                chair of the curatorial department of the hudson river museum suggested it might be the same
                                may based on census and probate records. may's great-grandson, who had may's diary,
                                was able to confirm it by finding a diary entry that made note of the fact.
                           

                                did a deep dive on the family of
                                richard parks (1667 - 1725)
                                of concord, massachusetts, whose
                                daughter, hannah,
                                was the mother of
                                elizabeth (thayer) wheelock,
                                first wife of
                                seth wheelock of charlton, massachusetts.
                           

                                updated the website to show sources as superscripted
                                citations, rather than as sources embedded in the text.
                                hopefully, this will make the 'notes' for each individual
                                easier to read.
                           
what's new in 2022

dec 18th


                                added the family of david thayer (1700/1 - 1750) and
                                hannah parks (1704 - abit 1755) of mendon, and the family of
                                daniel weld and
                                joanna haven of the county gore, now the northern part of charlton, worcester county, massachusetts. 
                           

                                filled in more information and rewrote the notes for
                                seth wheelock (1752 - 1806) and family.
                           

                                reworked numerous source citations, and fixed a few errors.
                           
nov 8th


                                updates to the family of mary wheelock (circa 1746 - 1808),
                                and daniel converse (1754 - 1814). 
                           
minor corrections and updates to source citations.

oct 9th


                                updates to the descendants of abner wheelock (1796 - 1886)
                                and lydia tillotson (1801 - 1871), including sorting out the wives
                                of george g. wheelock (1823 - 1894),
                                and the husbands of
                                dorothy mildren morton (1902 - 1978),
                                daughter of gertrude may wheelock.
                           
several other updates from contributing readers, and some minor corrections.

aug 31st


                                more updates on the family of abijah lamb (1739 - 1824)
                                and his wife,
                                betty wheelock (1743 - ???) of charlton,
                                worcester county, massachusetts, including the identification of
                                subsequent wives of abijah, after betty died.
                           

                                updates to other families, mostly involving source improvements and
                                corrections, identification of spouses, and parents of spouses.
                                some of these families include the descendants of:
                                amanda wheelock (1809 - 1877),
                                david wheelock (1782 - 1862), and
                                tammy wheelock (1785 - 1873).
                           
july 24th

  
                                fixed a long standing wheelockgenealogy.com error about the parents of
                                lucy lamb, the wife of
                                adams wheelock (1763-1846) of charlton.
                                lucy lamb (1765-1799) was thought (incorrectly) to be the daughter
                                of abijah lamb and
                                betty wheelock, but the will of abijah lamb proves that (1) his daughter lucy
                                was alive in 1821 when he wrote his will, and (2) her surname was wells, not
                                wheelock (worc county probate 35976).
                           

                                furthermore, there is a worcester county, massachusetts deed, dated 15 oct 1804, in which children
                                of abijah and betty (wheelock) lamb convey a parcel of land that they had
                                inherited from their mother, betty, who in turn had inherited it from her father, david
                                wheelock. in this deed, lucy is referred to as lucy wells, husband of abel wells (worc county deeds 160:453). 
                           

                                clearly lucy (lamb) wheelock was not the daughter of abijah and betty (wheelock) lamb.
                                as it turns out, there was another lucy lamb born in leicester (next to charlton)
                                on 5 aug 1758. and, as luck would have it, there is another deed that makes clear
                                that she is the wife of adams wheelock, and the daughter of jonathan lamb,
                                who married elizabeth richardson in leicester.
                                in this deed, children of jonathan lamb sold a parcel of land that they
                                inherited from their father to their brother, david lamb. in this deed,
                                the grantors are jonathan lamb, nathan lamb, adams wheelock, and lucy wheelock
                                his wife (worc county deeds 103:34). jonathan, nathan, and lucy were all born in leicester, children of
                                jonathan and elizabeth.
                           

                                this also fixes a problem with the age of lucy (lamb) wheelock on her headstone.
                                she died 27 jan 1799, aged 41 years. this more closely matches the 5 aug 1758
                                birth date, for lucy, daughter of jonathan and elizabeth (richardson) lamb,
                                than it does the 3 july 1765 birth date for lucy, daughter of abijah and betty (wheelock) lamb.
                                you can see a photo of her gravestone here.
                           

                                for links to all these records, see lucy (lamb) wheelock at wikitree here,
                                and lucy (lamb) wells at wikitree here.
                           
july 19th


                                improved sources and made corrections for
                                peter wheelock (1749/50 - 1820),
                                of charlton, massachusetts,
                                and calais, vermont, and his descendants.
                           

                                significant updates to the family and
                                descendants of
                                eli wheelock
                                and hepsibah osgood
                                of vermont and massachusetts,
                                as well as
                                hiram wheelock and
                                fanny corey (and their descendants)
                                of massachusetts.
                           

                                various other updates, mostly improving
                                sources and supplying the parents of
                                non-wheelocks spouses. 
                           
june 9th


                                refreshed the family of leonard wheelock (about 1778 - ???)
                                and lorinda janes. they no doubt had multiple children but
                                only one is known as of this writing. 
                           

                                refreshed the family of asa wheelock (about 1783 - 24 feb 1858)
                                and his two wives,
                                lucy hubbard and
                                weltha adaline horr. many genealogies on the internet state
                                that lucy hubbard was the daughter of jonas hubbard and mille childs of holden,
                                massachusetts, but vital and burial records show that this cannot be the case.
                                for details, see the notes for lucy hubbard.
                           

                                leonard and asa were brothers, and both settled in jefferson county, new york.
                           
apr 18th


                                conducted an in depth study of the family of
                                salem wheelock (ca. 1775 - 1853) and
                                abigail mcknight(ca. 1778 - after 1860)
                                who went from worcester county, massachusetts, to calais, washington county, vermont, then
                                to auburn and sennett in cayuga county, new york.
                                documented the reasons for believing that
                                abigail mcknight was the daughter of
                                thomas mcknight and abigail gould of
                                oxford and douglas, both in worcester county, massachusetts (see
                                "about the children of thomas and abigail" in notes for
                                thomas, then 
                                "parentage" in the notes for
                                abigail mcknight).
                           

                                determined the spouse, children, and death date for
                                elvira wheelock,
                                daughter of salem and abigail.
                                the other known children of salem and abigail have been well
                                documented in various genealogies, but elvira has been a mystery.
                                the clues came from a court cases involving a land dispute in
                                sennett, where her parents lived. in 1831, elvira and her mother
                                abigail purchased property in sennett from eleazer hunter and his
                                wife mary. this was an unusual land purchase - because salem, abigail's
                                husband, was not on the deed. yet, according to law, salem would
                                have owned the property, since property rights in those days flowed
                                to the husband. it is unclear to me what rights elvira, as the daughter of
                                salem and abigail, would have had to the property, even though she
                                was a grantee on the deed.
                           

                                in 1955, more than one hundred years later, this same property was subject
                                to a land dispute, whose proceedings are on file at the cayuga county clerk's
                                office in auburn. the legal case was called "edwin l. hutson and helen p. hutson, plaintiffs, vs. 
                                abigail wheelock and elvira wheelock and john roe and june roe," the latter two being
                                fictitious names used as placeholders for the heirs of abigail and elvira.
                                a legal notice for this court case was published in the cayuga chief (weedsport, ny), 6 oct 1955,
                                which can be seen here
                                in the 4th column, toward the middle of the page.
                                to resolve the court case, heirs of abigail and elvira had to be found.
                                one heir came forward, mary winifred sant, gg-granddaughter of abigail
                                and salem, but she could not identify any other descendants or living heirs
                                of abigail and elvira. consequently, a genealogical search was done involving
                                census records, cayuga county vital records, land records, etc. 
                                the results of the search identified a charles h. ashley, who, along
                                with his wife elizabeth, quitclaimed the property in question to judson e.
                                wheelock (grandson of salem and abigail) on 24 september 1894 (cayuga county deeds, 178:478). the court records
                                go on to call charles h. ashley "upon information and belief, the sole 
                                heir-at-law of said elvira wheelock." a quick census search shows elvira ashley
                                and john ashely residing in canandaigua, ontario county, new york in 1850, with
                                a single six year old child - charles h. ashley. the census records for
                                elvira match the known facts about her, with the provision that her age
                                always seemed to be about eight years younger in the census records than the age implied by her birth record.
                                however, in
                                1880, two years before she died, her age was only two years younger
                                than her 1807 birth record in calais, washington county, vermont, would imply.
                                further proof of elvira ashely's parentage might be found in her death
                                record, presumably located at the clerks office in the town where she died,
                                seneca falls, new york.
                           
feb 12th


                                updated the family of
                                phineas wheelock (1781 - 1848).
                                added dates, and corrected various errors,
                                including a mistaken husband for his daughter,
                                catharine wheelock.
                                catharine married amos p. delong, but is often mistaken for the woman who married
                                washington delong. washington, his wife mary, and phineas wheelock are all buried
                                in the huntertown old cemetery. catharine is presumably buried there too, but there
                                is no findagrave memorial for her. for details, see the research notes for
                                catharine.
                           

                                added sarah p. wheelock (1817 - 1902) as a daughter of
                                phineas wheelock and his second wife, elizabeth hennesey.
                                her michigan death record identifies different parents -
                                john wheelock and sarah perdy. but no trace of john and
                                sarah have been found, and at least one local history book,
                                memorial record of the northern peninsula of michigan,
                                p. 296-7
                                at archive.org (written while sarah was still alive)
                                identifies her son
                                (dr. augustus e. bacon) as a cousin of
                                dr. elisha kent kane wheelock of fort wayne,
                                indiana. the genealogy of the
                                wheelock family at the huntertown
                                historical society also identifies sarah as the daughter of phineas
                                and elizabeth. the informant on sarah's death certificate was her
                                son in law. it is possible that he was mistaken about sarah's parents.
                                for more details, see the research notes for
                                sarah p. wheelock.
                           

jan 21st


                               added the family of charles gleason wheelock,
                               son of moses wheelock and mary foster of barre, worcester county, massachusetts.
                           

                               filled in the family of george baker wheelock,
                               son of george delivan wheelock and emma baker of cheshire county, new hampshire.
                           

                               updated the "descendants of ralph wheelock" pdf file.
                           

                               fixed some errors, and improved source citations.
                           
jan 7th

                               updated information about the family of
                               martin wheelock (1792 - 1840) and
                               rachel ordway (about 1794 - 1840)
                               of eden, lamoille county, vermont. removed redundant births of their children
                               martin and 
                               winslow. 
                               the vermont state level vital records contain multiple
                               birth records for martin and winslow that must be in error. see notes for
                               both.
                           

                               traced back the ancestry of 
                               charles carroll wheelock (1874 - 1948), 
                               actor of the silent film era. his ancestry is complicated,
                               given the number of charles c. wheelocks and
                               charles carroll wheelocks in the wheelock family tree,
                               most of whom are not closely related. there is more
                               information about charles wheelock 
                               here at imdb.com.
                           
 
                               documented the provenance (here) of
                               a bible belonging to 
                               thaddeus wheelock (1829 - 1909),
                               son of otis wheelock and hannah eddy of vienna, oneida county, new york.
                               pictures of this bible can be found at the 
                               marcellus family tree at ancestry.com.
                               frances herder, second wife of thaddeus,
                               had possession of the bible when she died
                               at the home of her niece (on the herder side),
                               whose granddaughter then found it amongst a large
                               cache of old papers, letters, and other artifacts
                               dating back more than a century.
                           

                               the bible has what appears to be a more accurate date
                               for the birth of 
                               hannah eddy, 
                               11 march 1796 - a date in agreement with
                               the age on her headstone and in census records, but in disagreement with
                               the family register authored by hannah eddy herself, which subtracts
                               a year from her age, 11 march 1797.
                           
other incidental corrections, and source citation improvements.

what's new in 2021

dec 1st
refreshed the information about some of the wheelocks in lancaster, worcester county, massachusetts.
                           improved some of the source citations, fixed some errors in the notes of
                               
john wheelock (ca. 1709 - 7 feb 1778),
john wheelock (9 sep 1733 - 6 sep 1792), and
john wheelock (28 jan 1757 - ???).



                           reviewed all the revolutionary war service records, and worcester and middlesex county deeds for the john wheelocks and joseph wheelocks
                           of leominster and lancaster, massachusetts.
                           wrote a sketch for the
                               john wheelock (1733 - 1792)
                           who married mary holman. updated the
                               "massachusetts revolutionary war soldiers (wheelock surname)" page
                           with better information about the identity of the john and joseph wheelocks from lancaster
                           who fought in the war. updated the death dates for the various joseph wheelocks of lancaster.
                           for discussion, read the "death date" notes for
                               joseph wheelock (ca 1707 - possibly 30 apr 1774).
                           

                               updated the tree to reflect the likelihood that 
                               relief wheelock
                               was the daughter of john wheelock and mary holman. for arguments, see 
                               the "parents" section of the notes.
                           
updated information about the family of 
                               elizabeth wheelock (1907 - 1976) and donald steinmetz (d. 1972),
                               from information supplied by their daughter, bonnie (steinmetz) kerr.
a few other source citation updates.

oct 15th

                               filled in the genealogy of zedekiah drury (1741/2 - 1776), 
                               first spouse of mary wheelock (about 1746 - 1808) of 
                               charlton, worcester county, massachusetts. genealogies
                               on the iternet are confused about his parents, which 
                               likely stems from the fact that published
                               drury genealogies and various town histories have 
                               mistakes about the facts of his 
                               father's life. for a discussion
                               read the blog article 
                               here.
                           

                               finished updating the spouses of john wheelock and dorothy wilder's children. specifically, filled
                               in the details of luther grandey, husband of 
                               mary wheelock; added spouses and children of 
                               eli douglas, husband of 
                               betsey wheelock; added spouses and children of 
                               samuel rich, husband of 
                               sarah wheelock; and added the spouses and children of
                               truman field, husband of
                               philena wheelock.
                           
a few other corrections and source citation improvements.

june 19th

                               completed an in depth study of the family of john wheelock
                               and dorothy wilder of heath, massachusetts. this is a fascinating family with seventeen children, sixteen of 
                               whom survivied into adulthood. spouses of the daughters have been difficult to untangle because many were married in new york
                               where vital records were scarce. some were married in vermont, but there was little evidence to connect them
                               to the family in heath. a newspaper probate notice helped crack the case. one of the daughters, 
                               mary "polly" (wheelock) grandey, died in 1839 without children. she appointed her brother 
                               alonzo wheelock executor of her estate. in 1839 alonzo published a probate notice that identified 
                               mary's living heirs and next of kin, including the married names 
                               and residences of seven of john and dorothy's nine daughters. emily and 
                               sarah, 
                               both of whom were deceased by 1839, were not named - but their children were.
                           



albany argus (albany, ny), 1 nov 1839, p. 4, col. 4


                               the births of all the children of john and dorothy are recorded in heath. but the family moved to williamstown, berkshire co, ma
                               by 1800, where they are enumerated in the u.s. census, listed only as "wheelock." many of their children were likely
                               born in williamstown. by 1810 the family was living in nearby hancock, berkshire co, ma, which borders stephentown, rensselaer co,
                               ny. the border beween hancock and stephentown changed during the late 1700s, such that families once living in hancock found
                               themselves in stephentown after the border moved. john wheelock called himself "of stephentown" on 4 july 1820, when he submitted 
                               an affidavit for his revolutionary war pension application. he probably died in stephentown. one of his neighbors, george holcomb, 
                               kept a diary that is currently held by the new york state library. george was a neighbor of john wheelock's daughter, 
                               betsey,
                               and her husband, eli douglas, 
                               who both lived in stephentown. on 30 nov 1822 george holcomb wrote in his diary: "funeral for old mr. wheelock, father-in-law of elijah [eli] douglas."
                               the diary has been partially transcribed here. this sets
                               an upper bound on the death date for john wheelock, in close agreement with his record of semi-annual pension payments, the last of which occurred
                               two months before he died.
                           

                               the wheelock family had an interesting connection with the ross brothers (william, clarendon, leonard, and henry j., john, and jeremiah),
                               who are credited with founding atlas, pike co, illinois circa 1820 
                               (see "the coming of the rosses" 
                               in the history of pike county). 
                               though the history books say they lived in pittsfield, most
                               of them were actually living in hancock (adjacent to pittsfield) in 1820 - at least according to the census. leonard ross
                               served as agent for john wheelock's revolutionary war pension application. his brother, 
                               john, married dorothy wheelock circa 1810. their
                               first child was born in hancock, their second in stephentown. john and dorothy ross went to atlas circa 1821, and are 
                               buried there. dorothy's brother, 
                               dexter, also went
                               to atlas, probably about the same time that john and dorothy (wheelock) ross went.
                           
april 25th

                               updates to the family of 
                               charles v. wheelock, 
                               supplied by his great-grandson, michael smith-wheelock.
                           

                               added notes about the possible parentage of 
                               mary holman, wife of 
                               john wheelock (1733 - 1792) of lancaster and heath, massachusetts.
                           

                               added notes about the possible parentage of 
                               relief wheelock, who married willis wilder 20 dec 1778
                               in lancaster.
                           

                               multiple other updates - mostly fixing errors and improving source citations.
                           

march 28th

                               did an in depth study of 
                               hiram cutting (1798 - 1854), 
                               whose second wife was 
                               christiana wheelock (1804 - 1838) 
                               of calais, washington county, vermont. no original birth
                               record has been found for hiram cutting. the harmon genealogy and the wheelock
                               family of calais both report a birth date of 8 jan 1798, but don't identify his
                               parents, or a place of birth. a 
                               dar record, 
                               by his granddaughter, incorrectly identifies his parents as jonas cutting and lydia. 
                               most of the family trees on ancestry.com don't identify his parents, but of those that
                               do, about half claim jonas cutting and sarah baker as his parents, the other half
                               claim benjamin cutting and annah bemis. the evidence seems to overwhelmingly favor the
                               latter. for a summary of the pertinent records, and the arguments, see the
                               research notes and parentage text for 
                               hiram cutting.


                               updated the family of henry wheelock (1810 - 1881), and
                               cordelia mccoach (1830 - 1880), 
                               with help from a descendant, cordelia anderson.
                           

                               many other updates - mostly improving source citations, fixing errors, and updating information
                               about families.
                           

february 3rd

                               studied the family of 
                               thompson baxter wheelock, a career military man who
                               graduated from west point, fought in the florida seminole wars, and was president
                               of woodward college in ohio. more documentary sources were found
                               for his military career; more information was uncovered about his wife and her second
                               marriage; and his two children were identified.
                           

                               updated the information on 
                               joseph j. wheelock, who lived for a 
                               time at how's tavern (now the historic wayside inn in sudbury, massachusetts).
                           

                               filled in the family of  dexter wheelock
                               and his wife, josephine newman, with help from their grand-daughter,
                               anne cheney.
                           

                               uploaded the annual updates to the 
                               descendants of rev. ralph wheelock, and
                               the wheelock family of charlton, massachusetts
                               pdf documents, which can also be downloaded under 'featured downloads"
                               on the right.
                           

                               numerous other updates, mostly improving source citations, and fixing dates and typos.
                           

what's new 2020

december 1st

                               did a deep dive on the family of
                               russel town wheelock (1795 - 1862) 
                               of charlton and amherst, massachusetts. also, numerous minor updates, corrections,
                               and source citation improvements.
                           
october 22nd

                               further research on 
                               reuben westcott of wales, erie co, ny, reveals that
                               his wife's name was betsey (erie county deeds, vol 60, pg 440), strengthening
                               the case the he was the same man that married 
                               betsey wheelock in windsor, ma.
                               (thanks to marina cole for pointing this out.) based on this evidence, the children
                               of reuben and betsey were added, as given in reuben's 1866 erie county probate records, 
                               which contain the names of his living children.
                           

                               reuben's parentage is not documented in any of the online westcott genealogies at
                               ancestry.com or familysearch.org, nor is 
                               it found in the 
                               history and genealogy of the ancestors and some descendants of stukely westcott,
                               which is the most thorough published westcott genealogy that i could find online.
                               but a case can be made that he is the son of rufus westcott and mary blanchard
                               of windsor, ma. the case is based primarily on a cluster of their children that lived
                               near reuben in erie county, new york, at the same time reuben lived there. some of these
                               children later went to will and dupage county, illinois. for discussion, see the
                               notes for reuben westcott.
                           

                               a few other updates, including a correction to the birth place of
                               leonard wakefield, husband of 
                               rachel wheelock (1806 - 1848) of calais, 
                               and colchester, chittenden co, vt.
                               the wheelock family of calais and all online genealogies at ancestry.com
                               and familysearch.org identify leonard's birth place as hardwick, caledonia co, vt, but the
                               documentary evidence points directly to lyman, grafton co, nh.
                               for discussion, see the notes for 
                               leonard wakefield.
                           
september 2nd

                               added research notes to 
                               betsey wheelock, 
                               born 12 feb 1794 in charlton, ma. 
                               she married reuben westcott 26 nov 1812 in windsor, berkshire co, ma.
                               their whereabouts after that date are not known, but research indicates
                               they were probably living in wales, erie co, ny. see research notes 
                               for betsey.
                           

                               updated the family of 
                               alfred wheelock and 
                               matilda randolph, 
                               adding citations 
                               to original sources, and expanding on the ancestry and marriages of
                               matilda. 
                           

                               corrections to dates for 
                               julia margaret (wheelock) ames, 
                               and her mother, 
                               ann elizabeth franklin, provided by julia's daughter, grace nofsinger.
                           
                               numerous other small updates, corrections, and source citation improvements.
                           
july 25th

                               added information about the descendants of
                               william j. wheelock (1876 - 1955) 
                               of livingston county, new york,
                               with help from jill (alofs) trompier, great-granddaughter of william j. wheelock,
                               and his wife, emma kiehl.
                           

                               filled out the children and grandchildren of 
                               david wheelock (1782 - 1862)
                               and his wife, sukey packard (1789 - 1876),
                               of readfield, kennebec co, maine. the death records of david
                               wheelock's last two children identify the mother as susan russell, rather than susan
                               packard. this suggests that david may have had two wives - but no other evidence to
                               confirm that was found. for discussion, see the sukey packard wikitree.com article 
                               here.
                           
june 28th

                               filed in the family of 
                               clifford frederick wheelock, his children, his wives, and their spouses.
                           
updated the parents and siblings of
                               charlotte bowker, who married 
                               ephraim wheelock on 12 nov 1816 in hopkinton, ma.
                               connected charlotte to her niece,
                               charlotte w. bowker, who married
                               william wheelock on 3 jun 1838 in hopkinton.
                           

                               updated the family of
                               lucy beaman, her parents and siblings. lucy married revolutionary war soldier
                               jonathan wheelock, of lancaster, concord, massachusetts, and concord, new hamsphire.
                               she was the mother of
                               lucy wheelock, who married
                               lewis downing, manufacturer of the "concord coach."
                           

                               the story of the concord coach, as told by the 1984 shaw brothers album,
                               the ballad of the concord coach,
                               made in collaboration with
                               the concord coach society (now abbot-downing historical society), 
                               tells the story of lewis downing who went
                               to visit his fiancee lucy wheelock in concord, new hampshire. lucy lived in massachusetts,
                               but had been staying with her aunt in concord. on a visit from his hometown of
                               lexington, massachusetts, lewis decided to stay in concord, and soon started a wagon
                               manufacturing business. research reveals that the aunt was
                               rhoda (beaman) kimball,
                               who lived in concord, new hampshire
                               with her husband,
                               benjamin kimball, jr. 
                               according to lewis downing's business notes, benjamin kimball, jr. bought the first 
                               coach that he manufactured in concord. the families were apparently close. when benjamin
                               died, lewis downing became guardian of two of his children by rhoda.
                           

                               updated the family of 
                               lewis downing, his parents and siblings.  
                           

                               a few other small updates and corrections.
                           
may 15th

                               updated the family of 
                               lincoln arden wheelock, and especially the descendants of
                               mary frances wheelock, 
                               thanks to holly edith matson, great-granddaughter.
                           

                               numerous other small updates, corrections, and source citation improvements.
                           
mar 19th

                               added the family of eli wheelock, 
                               son of edward wheelock 
                               and martha dagget. 
                               there is no record that specifically says eli is the son of edward and martha,
                               but the emergence of two new pieces of information render it a near certainty.
                               first, one of his daughters, adelia wheelock, 
                               never had children. when she died
                               her probate records named all of her siblings as legal heirs. since most of them
                               were deceased, the probate also named all of their children. unless the executors missed
                               siblings, this probate record identifies all children of eli wheelock. they were all born
                               either in batavia, or near batavia, where eli lived; and some had sons named eli. 
                               second, a listing of
                               burials in the old batavia cemetery was found, which lists eli w___lock and 
                               charity w___lock, citing death date, and age at death. the dates for eli fit 
                               perfectly with census records, land records, and the records of births for his mother, 
                               martha daggett.
                           

                               for a detailed discussion of the evidence, see the research notes for 
                               eli wheelock.
                           

                               added more information about the family and descendants of 
                               andrew c. wheelock, 
                               of wyoming co, pennsylvania, kansas, and
                               new york. thanks to research by ryan wheelock, a descendant.
                           

                               updated the notes and source citations for 
                               reu wheelock, 
                               another son of edward wheelock and martha daggett.
                           
feb 25th

                               corrected misinformation about the parents of 
                               euphemia turnbull, wife of john t. wheelock.
                               thanks to hannah frances thomas for the research. see
                               euphemia turnbull's wikitree entry
                               here
                               for more details and images of orignal sources.
                           

                               added parents, birth and death dates for 
                               winifred o'malley, second wife of 
                               oscar merritt wheelock, 
                               alias oscar creighton, hero of the mexican revolution. 
                               research kindly supplied by larry lashaway, who has written a 
                               sketch outlining winnie's interesting
                               life path. click here to read/download the sketch.
                           

                               add information about the parents and out-of-wedlock daughter of 
                               beulah johnson 
                               of charlton, worcester county, massachusetts.
                           

                               numerous other updates, including research on spousal lines, and improving source citations.
                           
jan 1st

                               numerous updates to the family of david wheelock and 
                               naomi fairbanks of northborough and leominister, ma, including
                               the addition of 
                               henry p. wheelock as a son of naomi, born out of wedlock. the 
                               marriages of several of naomi and david's children 
                               (eliza wheelock, 
                               nancy wheelock) were updated 
                               and corrected, based on information in naomi's administration of estate. a plausible
                               marriage record was found for their daughter, 
                               sophia wheelock, 
                               and her husband david cawthorne. 
                               unfortunately, no progress on the central question of
                               david wheelock's parentage. his (extensive) probate records contain no obvious 
                               clue about his ancestry or wheelock relatives.
                           

                               updated the marriages of ruth wheelock, 
                               daughter of benjamin wheelock
                               and elizabeth thompson. acknolwedged that the "mrs. ruth morey"
                               who married adams wheelock was the former wife
                               of thomas morey. documented the evidence for this
                               in the notes for ruth.
                               also, added a second marriage for 
                               ruth towne.
                           
a few other minor updates to source citations.

                               uploaded the annual updates to the 
                               descendants of rev. ralph wheelock, and
                               the wheelock family of charlton, massachusetts
                               pdf documents, which can also be downloaded under 'featured downloads"
                               on the right.
                           
what's new 2019

dec 15th

                               updated the family of 
                               moses wheelock, and 
                               mary j. foster, of barre, ma. 
                               made corrections to his wives, and added several children.
                           

                               updated the family of john p. wheelock and 
                               marrietta k. fisher,
                               of newport, orleans co, vt - with help from leanne (thurber) joeckel,
                               a descendant.
                           

                               worked out the identify of elizabeth weld, wife of 
                               seth wheelock of charlton, ma, with
                               help from marina cole, who first noticed the reference to elizabeth weld as "widow" in
                               the record of marriage for seth and elizabeth. based on a process of elimination, marina
                               concluded that elizabeth weld must have been the widow of 
                               stephen weld, who died in 1775.
                               a comprehensive examination of the probate records and deeds confirms this identification,
                               providing plenty of evidence to support it. for details, see the notes for
                               elizabeth thayer.
                           

                               numerous other smaller updates, and improvements to sources.
                           
nov 15th

                               researched the genealogy of five men named harrison wheelock, born before 1840.
                               one of them, 
                               the son of humphrey wheelock and sophia lesure, couldn't be
                               traced after birth. perhaps he died young, left a small imprint on the
                               records, or went by a different name later in life. 
                           

another, 
                               the son of otis wheelock and 
                               hannah eddy of vienna, ny, went to california,
                               perhaps with his brother, 
                               jay, 
                               and cousin, samuel. 
                               he was probably the harrison wheelock that wrote 
                               "guide and map of the reese river and hombolt"
                               in 1865, for miners and prospectors who flocked to the san francisco region
                               during the gold rush years. he came east, married a woman in danbury, 
                               connecticut, then, perhaps during a business trip, died in moline,
                               rock island county, illinois, where he is 
                               buried.
                           

                               there were at least two harrison wheelocks who fought during the civil war,
                               both from iowa. 
                               one of them 
                               was born circa 1822 and died in 1864, presumably
                               from wounds received during the war. no original records have yet been
                               found that identify his parents, but 
                               "history of the original town of 
                               concord, being the present towns of concord, collins, north collins, 
                                  and sardinia", by erasmus briggs, 1883, identified him as the son
                               of elijah wheelock and lucretia taylor. harrison's son, 
                               henry h. wheelock, had
                               an interesting story. his father died when he was an infant. he was raised
                               by his mother and step father in cerro gordo county, iowa. 
                               he married, was in and out of trouble with
                               the law, served two prison sentences in iowa - for robbery and attempted
                               murder. not surprisingly, his wife divorced him, and remarried. when
                               henry was released from his second prison term, he went back to his
                               home town, and confronted his ex-wife. in self defense, she shot him,
                               killing him instantly. the incident was heavily covered by the 
                               newspapers,
                               which cast their sympathies with the ex-wife.

                           

                               the other 
                               harrison wheelock 
                               who fought in the civil war was born
                               in vermont, and lived in poweshiek co, ia. his genealogy has been
                               well documented at familysearch.org, and in various family trees
                               at ancestry.com.
                           

                               the fifth harrison wheelock 
                               is also well documented on the internet.
                               he was born in iowa, died in michigan.
                           

                               identified the surname (hanson) of 
                               lydia wheelock, fifth wife of
                               joseph wheelock, of coventry, vt.
                           

                               numberous other updates and corrections.
                           
sep 13th

                               updated the family of joseph thompson
                               and sarah wheelock, 
                               identifying additional children. the ancestry of joseph is unknown,
                               but it seems likely that he was closely related to 
                               elizabeth thompson, who married
                               benjamin wheelock in charlton, and whose parents
                               lived in the same part of charlton as the wheelocks (the "county gore").
                           

                               made some further updates to the family of samuel h. wheelock,
                               grandson of jonathan wheelock, and
                               lucy beaman - following the work of marina cole on www.wikitree.com 
                               here, and familysearch.org 
                               here.
                           
numerous other corrections, source improvements, and updates.
sep 1st

                               updated the family of amariah wheelock and 
                               roxelana derby, of watertown, ny.
                               updated the family of jonathan wheelock, 
                               of concord, ma and concord, nh.
                               concluded that he married twice, and that two of his presumed children, 
                               jonathan and thankful wheelock were misinterpretations of the concord vital records.
                           
aug 1st

                               sorted out the time line for clara de freezer, 
                               after her divorce from david lorenzo wheelock, with help 
                               from david and clara's granddaughter, ruth ann (newberg) scott. from a genealogical perspective this was
                               particularly challenging, because there was so much incorrect information about clara to lead 
                               researchers astray. her gravestone marker 
                               has a birth date that is 
                               off by thirteen years, and her brother's 1975 obituary claimed she was still alive, when she wasn't.
                               despite these false clues, there is a clear trail of records to her identity.
                           
july 14th

                               more updates to source citations, replacing stale web links with original sources. 
                               some of the families updated include jonathan wheelock and prudence smith,
                               fordyce foster wheelock and his wife martha ann barnes,
                               manning wheelock and his wife marbra southwick, 
                               simeon wheelock and mary scott 
                                   (from work originally done by marina cole, see wikitree page for simeon wheelock here),
                               and updated what is known (by me) about clara defreezer, who seems to have disappeared after
                               her divorce from david lorenzo wheelock. thanks to family members ruth ann scott (grand-daughter),
                               and other grandchildren and great-grandchildren for information about her.
                           
june 23rd

                               updated the family of joseph wheelock, 
                               including an identification of his wife, 
                               irene (rainey) patrick.
                           

                               updated most of the sources for jonathan wheelock, 
                               his wife, prudence smith, and the immediate family. 
                               the sources had become stale. 
                               the updated citations now reference original sources.
                           

                               added a pdf document, 
                               compiled by edwin (ted) wheelock, outlining the genealogy of 
                               selden frank wheelock, of michigan. most of the online genealogies for selden
                               (including  here - as of june 2019) are incomplete.
                           
may 27th

                               uploaded the annual update to the 
                               "descendants of rev. ralph wheelock" 
                               pdf document, which can also be downloaded under 'featured downloads"
                               on the right.
                           

                               made numerous additions, corrections and source 
                               citation improvements, including:
                           


                                   corrected information about the burial location of 
                                   willis wheelock
                                   of franklin county, ma and howard county, ia.
                               

                                   updated the family of 
                                   phinehas wheelock and
                                   elizabeth pulsifer 
                                   of alstead, nh, and hopkinton, ma. added 
                                   obed smith rogers
                                   as second husband for elizabeth.
                               

                                   updated the family of 
                                   paris wheelock 
                                   and his wife, diana arnold. 
                                   added george a. wheelock
                                   as a child in this family.
                               

                                   updated the family of 
                                   charles wheelock 
                                   and emily knapp.
                               

mar 30th

                               wrote a blog article on 
                               sophia wheelock 
                               and her husband benjamin buffum. 
                               the article examines the evidence relevant to
                               this couple, shows that benjamin was the same man that married sophia's half-aunt,
                               olive wheelock, presents evidence that benjamin and sophia had four children out-of-wedlock,
                               and discusses the validity of that evidence.
                           

                               numerous other updates, corrections, and source citation improvements.
                           
feb 10th

                               corrected an error in which jay wheelock
                               and jasper wheelock, twin sons of 
                               otis wheelock of vienna, oneida co, ny, had been merged
                               into a single individual, jay jasper wheelock. they are, in fact, two
                               different individuals, as can be seen in the 1900 census, where
                               they are listed as distinct individuals. also, otis's oneida county
                               will lists both sons individually. thanks to scott and jesse putnam,
                               descendants of otis wheelock, for pointing this out.
                           

                               worked out the identify of benjamin buffum (1787-1861),
                               who married olive wheelock 
                               in 1810, then married olive's niece,
                               sophia, in 1849. 
                               the astonishing thing about benjamin is that
                               he had children with sophia while still married to olive. all the vital records
                               support this conclusion (though there may be reason to doubt these records, see 
                               mar 30th updates above), and the land records convincingly prove that olive and
                               sophia married the same man. there is still one important record to examine, sophia's will, 
                               which has been ordered. for a discussion of the evidence, read
                               the notes for sophia.
                           

                               further clarified the identity of 
                               lydia mitchell,
                               the mother of jeremiah and 
                               calvin wheelock, 
                               sons of seth wheelock 
                               of burrillville, ri. it is now known that she was the daughter of darius mitchell, of glocester,
                               ri. she apparently never married, but fathered two children with seth.
                               see notes for lydia mitchell. thanks
                               to jd saunders for help with the research.
                           
a few other updates, corrections, and improvements to source citations.
jan 26th

                               identified the mother of jeremiah and 
                               calvin wheelock, 
                               sons of seth wheelock 
                               of burrillville, ri. jeremiah and calvin's death records 
                               each referred to their parents as seth wheelock and lydia. both were born after seth wheelock's
                               wife, levina hunt, died - leaving lydia's identity a mystery. no marriage record has been
                               found for seth and lydia, probably because they were never married. but the rhode island probate
                               records at ancestry.com leave little doubt about her
                               identity. for the summary of evidence, see the notes for 
                               seth wheelock and
                               lydia mitchel. 
                           

                               added more detail to the family of 
                               sylvester wheelock, 
                               thanks to jesse putnam, ggg-grandson, for supplying the information.
                           
jan 18th

                               updated the family of otis wheelock 
                               and hannah eddy, based on
                               newspaper articles found on fultonsearch.org. added some details 
                               to the family of ruth wheelock
                               and robert kelley, of charlton, ma. 
                               oneida county deeds and new york tax records had previously revealed
                               that ruth wheelock's brother, edward wheelock, and his extended 
                               family had moved to augusta, oneida county, ny sometime around 1797. 
                               now, worcester county, ma, deeds reveal that
                               chapin kelley, son of ruth and robert also moved to augusta -
                               not suprising, since edward wheelock was chapin's guardian.
                           
several other miscellaneous updates.
what's new 2018

dec 23rd

                               updated the family of dr. obadiah wheelock and 
                               celestia seymour of turin, lewis co, ny, and minnesota,
                               based partly on seymour family correspondence held at the american antiquarian society.
                               filled in the family of silas wheelock and
                               almira durant.
                               updated information about george l. wheelock,
                               son of humphrey wheelock, and
                               sophia lesure.
                           
nov 15th

                               added abial wheelock, 
                               daughter of moses wheelock and lydia bond, of westborough. there is no birth
                               record for abial, but her death records in westborough and charleston leave no
                               doubt about her parentage.
                               added henry king, 
                               husband of abigail wheelock of charlton, ma. 
                               it's not obvious from the charlton vital records that this is the abigail that
                               married henry king, but a worcester county deed, henry's administration of estate, abigail's death record,
                               and the lack of any other candidates for abigail makes a convincing case.
                           

                               various other source updates and minor changes to notes.
                           
oct 22nd

                               added two additional grandchildren of paul wheelock and abigail chapin of charlton:
                               betsey converse, and
                               elliot converse,
                               children of mary wheelock and daniel converse.
                           

                               confirmed that john wheelock 
                               likely had only one child, based on the will of his wife,
                               lydia davis, who identifed sally spurr, wife of john spurr, as her
                               only child. lydia's will also named paul wheelock 3rd 
                               "illegitimate child of betsey converse" as a beneficiary ($200). 
                               a guardianship for paul (discovered by marina cole) confirmed that he was 
                               the (out of wedlock) son of paul wheelock 
                               and betsey converse. this solves the longtime mystery surrounding the parentage of
                               paul wheelock (aka john adams wheelock). 
                           

                               paul wheelock (aka john adams wheelock) was born in 1807, per death record.
                               an entry in his aunt's diary points to a likely birth date of 11 march 1807.
                               the aunt is mary (converse) wheelock, betsey's sister.
                               she kept a diary between the years 1804-1809, currently in the 
                               possession of margaret a. (stockwell) cole, a descendant of 
                               mary (converse) wheelock. the 11 march 1807 entry reads as follows:
                               "betsy had a fine boy born, with but little difficulty thank to god the 
                               giver of good and evil too." 
                           
oct 12th

                               in an ongoing attempt to identify all the grandchildren of 
                               paul wheelock
                               and abigail chapin
                               of charlton, worcester co, ma - filled in the family of 
                               abigail wheelock (daughter of paul and abigail) 
                               and asa dresser of charlton, ma.
                               the public trees on ancestry.com and familysearch.org have little commonality
                               on the genealogy of this family, with many errors.
                           
aug 31st

                               filled in the family of samuel a. wheelock, 
                               and charlotte f. robbins of cambridge, ma;
                               and the family of caroline wheelock and
                               her husband, warner wheeler, of michigan.
                           

                               added more information about the descendants of 
                               ernest alton wheelock and
                               catherine taube, thanks to help from 
                               ryan wheelock, their g-grandson.
                               also, added elizabeth shook, the first wife of ernest alton wheelock's father,
                               andrew c. wheelock - thanks to help from marina cole.
                           
aug 14th

                               added birth dates to the family of benjamin wheelock
                               and elizabeth thompson, based on a register of vital events
                               maintained (probably) by polly converse, found by peggy cole 
                               (a descendant of polly) while cleaning out the family home. 
                           

                               added daniel wheelock, ancestry unknown.
                               add more details about the wives of frank wheelock.
                               various other minor updates.
                           
july 14th

                               added more detail to the family of 
                               seth wheelock
                               and levina hunt, 
                               including levina's relationship
                               to her mother-in-law, keziah hunt. 
                               most of their vital events are not recorded
                               in massachusetts or rhode island, leaving more than few mysteries
                               for genealogists to solve.
                           

                               updated information on some of the children 
                               of reu wheelock 
                               and rosanna smiley,
                               namely augusta, sarah, caroline.
                           
july 1st

                               added ithamar wheelock (about 1805 - 1867), and family.
                               ithamar was born in massachusetts, and lived in ohio. though his
                               ancestry is not known for certain, it's likely he is closely related to
                               samuel wheelock and hannah ammidown of tyringham, ma, possibly
                               a son of ithamar.
                           

                               finally connected the david wheelock 
                               of readfield, me with the david wheelock born
                               1782 in charlton, ma. the names and dates strongly suggested this connection, but two
                               additional pieces of evidence clinched it. first, the death records of two of his
                               children identify his birthplace as charlton, ma; and second, a 8 july 1849
                               letter from david to his sister in law, polly (converse) wheelock, exists, and
                               is in the posession of peggy cole, a descendant of polly (converse) wheelock.
                               thanks also to dale potter-clark for her work on the
                               early settlers of readfield, maine,
                               and her genealogy of david wheelock posted at ancestry.com.
                           

                               added detail to the family of 
                               luther wheelock (1782 - 1868) and
                               clarissa marcy, of berkshire co, ma.
                           

                               numerous other updates, corrections, and improved sources.
                           
jun 7th
listed joel wheelock, jr. of sweden, monroe co, ny 
                               as the son of joel wheelock, sr. of new ipswich, nh, based on an
                               accumulation of additional information that linked the two together.
                               for details, see the notes for joel wheelock, jr.
                           
added betsey wheelock as a daughter of joel wheelock.
added miranda wheelock, 
                               born 1822 in batavia, genesee co, ny, parents unknown. another possible child
                               of eli wheelock, or sibling.
corrected a transcription error in the
                               will of jonathan wheelock
                               (1727-1798) of cavendish, vt. a bequest to son jotham wheelock was incorrectly
                               transcribed as jonathan wheelock. (thanks to marina cole for catching this.)
                           
jun 4th
corrections, improved sources, and updated research notes for various individuals.
added a link to the wheelock one name study 
                               page on wikitree.
apr 30th
updated information for 
                               phoebe wheelock, 
                               who married george hedley, with research help from marina cole (see here).
added george granville wheelock, whose ancestry 
                               is not yet proven, but is likely closely related to abner wheelock 
                               and lydia tillotson of sugar grove, pa.
filled in some of the descendants of 
                               william wallace wheelock, with help from 
                               david balken, a descendant.
mar 3rd
added the family of calvin wheelock (about 1777 - 1851),
                               of rhode island, pennsylvania, and chenango co, ny. this was a joint effort with
                               marina cole, who has information about this family on www.wikitree.com 
                               here.
                           
numerous other corrections, additional dates, and improved sources.
feb 17th
updated the "descendants of ralph wheelock" and "the wheelock family of charlton, ma"
                               pdf files in the downloads section.
                               added a section for the wheelocks of batavia, genesee co, ny, including a number of
                               unplaced wheelocks, all of whom are probably closely related to edward wheelock
                               and martha daggett of charlton, worcester co, ma.
added the family of seth wheelock (about 1805 - 1868), 
                               and
                               christina wesley, 
                               of kalamazoo co, mi. seth's ancestry unknown.
added partial family of joseph wheelock and 
                               rainey (--?--) of windsor twp, windsor co, vt. they had at least two children:
                               woodward wheelock, and
                               eleazer wheelock. 
                               joseph's ancestry is not proven, but he is likely to be the son of
                               eleazar wheelock (b. 27 june 1747), and his wife
                               betty woodward, of charlton, ma. see notes for joseph
added the second marriage/partnership of 
                               timothy erastus wheelock (1828 - 1878) 
                               of grafton and boston, ma.
jan 13th
added updates for allen wheelock (1813-1889), 
                               son of caleb wheelock and sally allen of townshend, vt.
added obadiah wheelock, 
                               born about 1792, presumed child of 
                               obadiah wheelock, 
                               of floyd, ny. research by marina cole.
added the family of robert upton and 
                               anna wheelock of cavendish, vt, and salem, ma.
added almira wheelock,
                               adelia wheelock, and
                               anna m. wheelock, 
                               all from genessee co, ny and mi. the three are closely related, 
                               and presumed to be sisters, probably daughters of 
                               eli wheelock, of batavia, genessee co,
                               ny. for a discussion of the evidence, see the notes for 
                               adelia.
                               thanks to marina cole for bringing adelia and almira to my attention.
what's new 2017

dec 14th
added updates for merrill g. wheelock, architect in boston.
added marriage and death info for laura lucretia wheelock, 
                               thanks to information from linda porter, whose ancestor was her brother.
updated the notes and death date for edward wheelock 
                               of charlton and oneida co, ny. 
                               based on oneida co deeds, it is known that he purchasaed land in augusta, ny in 1797, 
                               near his daughter relief, 
                               and her husband jabez howe. he is enumerated on the tax rolls
                               there from 1799 to 1803. his whereabouts after 1807 is still unknown.
nov 6th
added the family of william f. wheelock 
                               and some notes for orrin e. wheelock, both children of
                               eliab wheelock and ruth blackman of poland center, chautauqua co, ny.
                           added silas wheelock, 
                               of dorchester, ma, died 6 nov 1831, ancestry unknown.
updated the family of luman cyrus wheelock, 
                              (most notably his wife, kathryn sutton) with info supplied by greg wheelock, a direct descendant.

added a place holder for
                               john wheelock, who is possibly a brother of 
                               eli wheelock, 
                               reu wheelock (1785 - 1833), and 
                               silas wheelock (1781 - 1851), 
                               though proof has yet to be found. john appears in the 1820-1870 census records, living
                               in or near batavia. in 1850 and 1860 he is living in the household of sally lusk,
                               daughter of relief wheelock 
                               (sister of reu and silas); adding support to the theory that he is a close relation.
                           
oct 2nd
added benjamin f. wheelock
                               and james h. wheelock
                               to the family of haskell wheelock and lydia dunham.
                               haskell and family moved from royalton, vt to wisconsin, circa 1810.
                           
added a place holder for
                               eli wheelock, who is probably a brother of 
                               reu wheelock (1785 - 1833) and 
                               silas wheelock (1781 - 1851), 
                               though proof has yet to be found. reu and eli jointly 
                               purchased land in batavia, genessee co, ny in 1817 and 1820, and are enumerated next to each other
                               in the 1820 federal census. but further information about eli has proven elusive.
                           
also, fixed an "internal server error" that occured on searches originating from the search page.
sep 11th
updates to the family of aubrey vane wheelock, 
                               thanks to some help from ted wheelock. 
                               updated kimber gadsby wheelock, 
                               an early contributor to wheelockgenealogy.com, who passed away 12 aug 2017. his obituary
                               is here.
                               various other corrections, including notes on the births of the children of 
                               francis s. wheelock
                               and ruth orcutt - with thanks to greg wheelock for identifying incorrect birth information.
aug 7th
updates to the family of orville edgar wheelock, 
                               and his granddaughter, ruby alice wheelock 
                               (with help from brian chapman).
various corrections, and improvements to source references.
may 23rd
thomas wheelock has retired the www.wheelockgenealogy.org website, and has transferred the
                               information there to the wheelock one name study website at 
                               http://wheelock.one-name.net. he continues to update the website 
                               with information on the english roots of the wheelock surname, and the latin american branches of
                               the wheelock family, from which he descends.
updates to the notes of  
                               cyrus wheelock (b. 1763), identifying additional
                               information about his wives and children. cyrus moved from milford, ma 
                               to readfield, me between 1800 and 1810.
                               at the time, maine was still part of massachusetts. wheelock genealogies, published and online, have little
                               to say about his children or their descendants. the updated notes show that cyrus probably had two additional
                               children that are not normally enumerated in wheelock genealogies.
the family of calvin h. wheelock (b. 1844) and 
                               bridget kane, of cedar co, ia has been filled in. there is still more work to do to fill this family
                               in completely.
the family of levi c. wheelock (b. 1831) and mary howard, of hopkinton, ma
                               has been filled in.
apr 26th
updates to genealogical info about 
                               oscar merritt wheelock, including his birth date, his brother's middle name
                               and some vital facts about his near relatives, thanks to larry lashaway.
updates to several additional families, including the families of
                               william wheelock (1816 - 1876), and
                               oscar wheelock (1840 - 1922).
as always, updates to sources and dates for numerous other individuals in the wheelock genealogy.
feb 11th
updates to several families including the families of 
                               arnold morgan wheelock (1917 - 1990) (thanks to derek ashley wheelock),
                               alfred pearce wheelock (1832 - 1897), and
                               waitstill dickinson wheelock (thanks to greg wheelock for the research).
                               some information about 
                               maryette wheelock (1821 - 1884, m. lewis st. ores)  has been added,
                               thanks to marina cole. maryette
                               was probably born in lyme, ny, but later moved to wisconsin, and finally california. 
                               her parentage is unknown - if anyone has information about her, i'd love to see it.
                               also, a bug in upper/lower case searching has been fixed. all searches are conducted in lower case,
                               regardless of whether you use upper case letters in the search box.
                           
jan 9th
updates to many families including the families of 
                               paul wheelock (1803 - 1858) and susan allen of rhode island,
                               edmond blood wheelock (b. 1813) and his three wives, and 
                               edgar warren wheelock (b. 1870).
                               in addition, all the pdfs on the downloads page 
                               have been updated, and a link to the talk i gave 
                               to the medfield historical society has been added there.














