




carrot creek dulcimers


carrot creek dulcimers

stephen miklos, luthier




      on this site:
slide dulcimer! 
      hear it here! 
carrot creek music has a wide variety of musical products available on  ebay! 
	  we carry tin whistles, dulcimer books, tin whistle books, books on banjo, hammered dulcimer, and many other instreuments including lap steel,
	  pedal steel, electric and upright basses. 
	  while i am not technically left-handed (though i've been told i have two left feet), i keep in stock a number of 
	  chord books and chord charts for left-handed 
	  guitar, banjo, mandolin, and ukulele. 
	  the books we carry follow my own interests, and have been vetted by me for accuracy and usefulness. so, since i don't, and never pretended to, play french horn, 
	  i carry no french horn books, but i have a wealth of ukulele and tin whistle titles, along with, of course, mountain dulcimer and guitar titles. 
 just click here to visit my ebay store! carrot creek - your one-stop shop for some of your musical needs. 
carrot creek mountain dulcimers
lutherie (instrument building)
      information...dulcimer, guitar, folk harp, ukulele
carrot creek music will be at the
      following event soon;
october 4 and 5, 2013
nutmeg
      dulcimer festival
milford, ct 


visit our 
  informational pages  
 on building dulcimers, a
      guitar, an ukulele, and a folk harp, at http://www.osborneatelier.com/
contact stephen miklos at steve@carrotcreek.com

 




 

 



stephen miklos, luthier

carrot creek mountain dulcimers are handcrafted from selected
solid woods in designs that combine a traditional overall look with elements of
surprise that make each one stand out.  less obvious are the structural
differences inside and out that give a richer, fuller sound to each instrument,
complementing the characteristics of each combination of woods used. 

these are dulcimers i have made over the past decade, and have already been sold. i've been teaching and performing at dulcimer festivals, and hope to return to my shop sometime soon.

click here to see carrot creek
dulcimers

student model dulcimers

carrot creek student model dulcimers are made with a
      shorter scale length of twenty-four inches to be more comfortable for
      smaller hands. the special italian poplar laminate body material is light
      and resonant. 
      click here to learn more.
carrot creek mountain dulcimers


 inquire via e-mail to steve@carrotcreek.com.
visit our informational pages on building dulcimers, a guitar, and a folk
harp, at http://www.osborneatelier.com/

bulletin: visit everything
      dulcimer to tap into a large volume of dulcimer lore, including
      message boards, chats, a vast tab library, and informative articles.
 

;




