






	
	centerpoint energy - natural gas service, electric transmission





































































































                    turn on more accessible mode
                



                    turn off more accessible mode
                










we’ve detected a problem with your browser settings.
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    






                it’s possible that you don't have javascript enabled in your browser. please                                                                                                     enable javascript
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    




 in your browser settings to successfully view our site.
                                                                                            


the browser you are using is out of date and will soon be unsupported.
                
                
                
                
                






            please update to the latest version or view our site in another browser.
                                                                    















winter storm enzoour crews have been addressing outages as safely and quickly as possible.   storm center pagewhile the bitter cold temperatures and remaining accumulation linger as evidence winter storm enzo left a historic mark on the region, we will continue to monitor our electric system and respond to any outages as quickly and safely as possible. visit our storm center page for our latest response efforts. follow us on facebook and x for the latest updates. 








skip to main content










sign in | register






sign in


don't have an online account? register






email address


                                            please provide an email address
                                        


password

please provide a password


sign in         












                                                remember me            
                                            



forgot user id |forgot password



















sign in | register




what type of information are you looking for?
i need help




i need help !



                                                centerpoint energy's primary services include electric and natural gas. please choose the type of information you are looking for, residential or business, so that we can provide the most relevant customer information. next, you will select your service area.you can also choose to view information about our company.


cancel







                                    residential
                                    services
                                


                                    business
                                    services
                                


                                    our company
                                





go back to information selection




state

select


toggle dropdown






region

select


toggle dropdown


houston metro
not houston metro



continue

why don't i see my area?




why don't i see my area?


centerpoint energy provides services in 20 states.  if you don’t see your state and you still need information you can review ‘our company’ website, or contact customer service for further assistance.


cancel




























about usinvestorscareerscontact uscopyright © 2025 centerpoint energy - energy for what matters most™use of this site constitutes agreement to our online terms & conditions and privacy policy.en españolcopyright © 2025 centerpoint energy - energy for what matters most™use of this site constitutes agreement to our online terms & conditions and privacy policy.about us|investors|careers












