








start your free family research at genealogy trails











genealogy trails history group



volunteers dedicated to free genealogy

our goal
is to help you track your ancestors through time by transcribing genealogical and historical data
for the free use of all researchers.




we started out way back in march 2000 
by providing data for the state of illinois and 
expanded to cover the other states in march of 2006. since then, we've been very pleased 
to welcome the many new hosts who have joined our original illinois volunteers, and to 
continue to bring free transcribed data to our websites.




our states are organized by region, 
each with their own coordinator to ensure as many individual county sites get updated as possible.

regional coordinators
northeast region: 			nancy piper
southeast region:  dena whitesell
southern region: veneta mckinney
midwest region: kim torp
upper midwest region: angie lietzau
pacific region: camillia post
southwest region: peggy thompson
 



about 
us

~ we have over 200,000+ webpages available with transcribed data - and the number of freee webpages changes every single day! ~
~ we're all volunteers ~ 
~ we provide server space to our volunteers to display their county websites under our domain name. 
~ the volunteer chooses what data to display
on their sites. ~
~ we're completely independent - no big corporation tells us what to do ~
~ we do not accept advertising. no banners or pop-ups allowed! ~
~ we're pretty much insane about transcribing data (we don't want to just post scanned 
images)
~ we do not write the history, we just transcribe it ~ 

our hosts are required to add data to their sites, so you won't see hosted sites 
that sit for years and years with no changes. as for our unhosted sites, our group works 
as a team to add data to them on a rotating schedule. so even though a site doesn't have 
its own host, it will still get data added to it ... just not on as regular a schedule as 
our hosted sites.


we're looking for folks who share our dedication to putting data online 
and are interested in helping to keep genealogy free.if you are interested in 
hosting a county website with us,
view our g.t.-volunteer page for 
further information.


and now for the sad part:we regret that we have no time to
perform personal research for anyone.
we're too busy transcribing data to stop and do research for folks!




 
 




data on this national siteunlike other 
genealogy projects, this national site has data on it for more general historical topics.
for specific state data, you'll want to visit our state sites from where you can access each county's data.
most of our data is on our county websites.
we have an awesome search engine, courtesy of freefind, that will search all of our county sites on our entire domain. 
try it out at:
search our sites



data topics





special projects
our group of volunteers work together on large projects
don't miss out on 

1850 mortality schedule - index to our transcriptions new!

marine men engaged in the waters of the northwest, 1895:  a-j | k-z  new!

soldiers who received military headstones from the government 
over 160,000 names of civil war (and some war of 1812) soldiers who received government headstones!

entire 1840 census of pensioners
 
all volumes of pensioners on the rolls as of jan 1, 1883 government-published books have been transcribed

fanning's 1850 illustrated gazetteer - complete!

casualties of world war 1
links to all states' casualties

revolutionary war pensioners in 1813
 




african-american data

early famous americans

events and calamities

historical data



maps

miscellaneous data 
(research tips are here)

slavery data [updated!]


military records
[updated!]




native american data


obituaries [updated!]

presidents


state records



just for fun!
chuckwagon recipes

transportation records
[data on ships/boats, railroads, stagecoaches, trails etc.]

if you would like to be kept informed of our state and county website updates,
subscribe to our 
g.t.mailing lists 

volunteer info


 






 



visit our state sites

select one of our state sites to visit: 
alabama | alaska | arizona | arkansas | california | colorado | connecticut | delaware
florida | georgia | hawaii | idaho | illinois | indiana | iowa | kansas | kentucky
| louisiana
maine | maryland | massachusetts | michigan | minnesota | mississippi | missouri | montana
nebraska | nevada | new hampshire | new jersey | new mexico | new york | north carolina | north dakota
ohio | oklahoma | oregon | pennsylvania | rhode island | south carolina | south dakota | tennessee
texas | utah | vermont | virginia | washington | washington, dc |  west virginia | wisconsin | wyoming
 



 






volunteer 
info
about us
what's new

search our sites

submit an obituary





 









recent data additions to this national site
these are just some highlights of the data we've added. 
there's much more to view on each data topic index page
 



indexed under military:

avery dalton - last survivor of black hawk war

 revolutionary war veterans' obituaries 

1840 census of pensioners - all states!
revolutionary war pensioners in 1813
pensioners on the rolls as of jan 1, 1883

soldiers who received military headstones from the government 
over 160,000 names of soldiers.
 distinguished cadets of the graduating class of 1956 us military academy
muster roll of the brig "general armstrong" in 1814
military obituaries, from 1899
ladies of the gar
 list of union prisoners at richmond, sept. 1861
casualties of battle of the little big horn
widows still alive in 1922
mexican war veterans still alive in 1922


indexed on president's page

timeline of abraham lincoln's life
tracing the escape route of john wilkes booth

the case against mrs. surratt

slavery and african-american data
1830 census of free negro slave owners

1830 census of absentee owners of slaves
lynchings from january to june, 1903

biography of frederick douglass
african-american heroes
1811 german coast (louisiana) revolt
african american facts and history - 1920's


indexed under native american data
trail of tears data
indian raids in lincoln county, kansas
indian traders at pittsburg in july 1760
obituaries and death notices- death of lyncoya jackson
newspaper stories on sac/fox nation
 

indexed under historical data:1850 gazetteer - all states!fanning's illustrated gazetteer - complete!
description of the united states in 1850 -- states, counties, cities/towns, post offices
heirloom recipes from around the countrychuck wagon recipes
names of fame in framing america:
- obituary of susan b. anthony
- biography of daniel boone
- biographies of the men who signed the declaration of independence

indexed under miscellaneous databeginning your family history
common terms in estate and legal records
genealogy dictionary


indexed under state data
prisoners of alcatraz
prisoners of leavenworthbio of pioneer stagecoach and railman capt. silas st. john


indexed under events

knickerbocker theatre collapse of january 1922

the great labor day hurricane of 1935

boston molasses flood, january 15, 1919

triangle shirtwaist factory fire - march 25, 1911

disappearance of the uss cyclops

omaha, ne: march 23, 1913 easter sunday tornado

plane crash into empire state building, july 1945

1968 farmington, wv coal mine disaster
debruce grain elevator fire, haysville, ks, june 1998
circus big top fire, hartford, ct - july 1944
the mystery of the mary celeste ship
the cherokee steamboat 1840 explosion - lewisburg, ark

 




 










 




visitor #








 since march 8, 2006

have a comment? email kim

 things are political everywhere! 
one year we're one of the "best" websites on a magazine's list and the next year we don't even crack the bottom of their list.  but then you look through their lists and see sites like "google" on their "best genealogy" lists and realize that obviously this is not something to take seriously.  the last time they put us on their list and we didn't display their logo, they wrote us pretty quick to see why not. we've had over 3 million visitors to this
website, so of course they want some of our visitors to visit their site and that's why they want us to slap their logo on our website. 
we're all done with playing those games. 
it all comes down to this:

if you're looking for hundreds of thousands of webpages of transcribed data - you're in the right place and it is all free.  

settle in, click a link and get started viewing real data!

make sure and use our search engine that covers every single one of our websites.

many thanks to freefind.com who has generously provided this search engine for many years

© 
      
genealogy trails
genealogy trails provides webspace to our volunteers for their county sites and those volunteers are solely responsible for the content they place on their sites with us.
the domain owner, kim torp, is responsible for maintaining this main national site and is responsible for that data added by herself, as well as for the data on her own county sites within various states.
the data you find on our sites is free to copy to your computer or to print out
for personal use only. 
"personal use" does include privately sharing data you found on our sites with other family members. 
"personal use"
does not include copying the data from this website to any other website for any reason.

please respect the transcribing work our volunteers have done and do not take any data and send it to, copy it to or place on any other website, especially for-profit sites








 


