







 sojourners | sojourners





















































skip to main content



 





 












 
                        faith in action for social justice                    















aboutabout sojournerseventsour teamwork with usmediaways to giveinvite a speakercontact us
sojoactionoverviewtake actionissue areasresourcesfaith-rooted advocateschurch engagement
magazinecurrent issuearchivesmanage my subscriptionwrite for sojourners
sectionslatestpoliticscolumnsliving faitharts & cultureglobalpodcastsvideopreaching the word
subscribemagazinerenewpreaching the wordcustomer servicenewsletters
donate






login / register








 











  
 living faith 
 my black church now owns a racist logo   
 this isn't just a legal victory; it's a reversal in the tradition of jesus.
 
 by moya harris  

 



news
lead stories





  
 politics 
 love is the only sane response in a time of fear   
 jesus and bell hooks remind us that love cannot fail.
 
 by laura kirk  

  
 living faith 
 death doulas have a term for what’s happening to our church and our country  
 i've been caring for the dying most of my adult life, and i am convinced that the church and democracy in the u.s. are in the throes of a death rally.
 
 by tabatha holley  

  
 global 
 we're leaving x  
 musk’s takeover of twitter made it harder and harder to articulate the biblical call to social justice on the platform.
 
 by heather brady  



all articles 









articles
most popular




  
 christian allegiance to trump has wrecked my faith 

 trump's attack on usaid is evil 

 10 ways to stay grounded during trump’s second term 

 what to do if ice comes to your church 

 kendrick lamar claims salvation for satan on ‘gnx’ 
 
 



 

sojourners
newsletters

sojourners straight to your inbox
with our weekly newsletter you'll get the latest faith and justice news, commentary, and opportunities to take action.




your e-mail 



confirm email 

confirm your email address.


state 
state (if u.s. resident)alabamaalaskaarizonaarkansascaliforniacoloradoconnecticutdelawaredistrict of columbiafloridageorgiahawaiiidahoillinoisindianaiowakansaskentuckylouisianamainemarylandmassachusettsmichiganminnesotamississippimissourimontananebraskanevadanew hampshirenew jerseynew mexiconew yorknorth carolinanorth dakotaohiooklahomaoregonpennsylvaniarhode islandsouth carolinasouth dakotatennesseetexasutahvermontvirginiawashingtonwest virginiawisconsinwyoming





 









magazine
current issue: 


 january/february 2025  





sojourners magazine





  
 cover story 
 we elected an authoritarian. what role did religion play?  
 decades of investment in a larger anti-democratic movement would not have dissolved even if they had been defeated at the ballot box in this election cycle, says journalist katherine stewart. 
 by julie polter  

  
 feature 
 10 ways to stay grounded during trump’s second term  
 for us to be of any use during the next four years, we must resist the temptation to cower in fear, isolation, exhaustion, and constant disorientation. 
 by daniel hunter  

  
 feature 
 the idol of wealth is coming for our eternal souls  
 and other cautionary tales jesus offers wannabe billionaires. 
 by ched myers  

 




 commentary 
 the liberating power of levity, even now  
 a pastor and comedian on god’s comedic arc in history. 
 by pedro senhorinha silva  

 commentary 
 how christians can subvert the aims of a tyrant  
 we must be countercultural in an authoritarian regime. 
 by rose marie berger  

 culture watch 
 eve was not created from the ‘rib’ of adam  
 the question of women’s roles in the bible represents a tower of errors built up over time. 
 by liz charlotte grant  

 







   

 
subscribelog in for accessarchiveswrite for sojourners 







news
categories



climate justice




 will christians let trump doom the fight for climate justice?   
 by fletcher harper  

 fires don’t discriminate—nor should recovery, say la faith leaders   
 by ken chitwood  

 christians must resist conspiracy theories after hurricanes    
 by emily baez  

 




democracy, voting, and governance




 love is the only sane response in a time of fear    
 by laura kirk  

 death doulas have a term for what’s happening to our church and our country   
 by tabatha holley  

 christian allegiance to trump has wrecked my faith   
 by ryan  duncan  

 




economic justice




 black christian nationalism and the search for utopia   
 by mitchell atencio  

 andrew wilkes is convinced that the gospel and socialism go together   
 by josiah r. daniels  

 these forgotten christians know what it’s like to be without a country   
 by mae elise cannon, christopher huth  

 




nonviolence and peace




 negotiators reach six-week ceasefire in gaza, officials say   
 by andrew mills, reuters, nidal al-mughrabi, reuters, maayan lubell, reuters  

 israeli official criticizes pope’s call to study 'genocide' in gaza   
 by joshua mcelwee, reuters  

 8 anne frank quotes to remember a young woman who wrestled with suffering   
 by the web editors  

 




global poverty and human rights




 trump's attack on usaid is evil   
 by adam russell taylor  

 these forgotten christians know what it’s like to be without a country   
 by mae elise cannon, christopher huth  

 to the israeli soldier who murdered ayşenur ezgi eygi   
 by chris hedges  

 




immigration




 dozens of faith groups sue trump administration over immigration arrests   
 by mitchell atencio  

 what to do if ice comes to your church   
 by sarah einselen  

 what advocates want churches to know about defending migrants   
 by hojung lee  

 




racial justice




 my black church now owns a racist logo   
 by moya harris  

 death doulas have a term for what’s happening to our church and our country   
 by tabatha holley  

 black christian nationalism and the search for utopia   
 by mitchell atencio  

 




women and girls




 powers, principalities, and ‘the penguin’   
 by joe george  

 8 anne frank quotes to remember a young woman who wrestled with suffering   
 by the web editors  

 meet the christians countering ‘your body, my choice’   
 by maría celeste masís ocampo  

 





sponsored
articles





  
 our migrant god 
 by javier viera 
 mary wraps the child in cloth and lays him in a manger. when churches tell this story, we focus on the tenderness embodied in this routine act. swaddling helps babies feel safe and secure while sleeping—mimicking the uterine embrace.
  

 





writers






  
 patty krawec 
 


can christianity and indigenous worldviews ever be reconciled?  

  

  
 lisa sharon harper 
 


the capitol attack held up a mirror to the nation  

  

  
 yanan rahim navarez melo 
 


‘the n-word of god’ subverts racist iconography   

  

  
 krispin mayfield 
 


evangelical marriage advice failed us  

  

  
 amar d. peterman 
 


dreading holiday arguments about religion and politics? here’s some advice  

  

  
 josé humphreys iii 
 


why faith activists need embodied joy  

  

  
 hannah bowman 
 


we don’t achieve christian unity by avoiding polarization  

  

  
 shailly gupta barnes 
 


the fate of the 2022 midterms  

  

  
 olivia bardo 
 


in ‘a complete unknown,’ it’s pete seeger who brings the wisdom  

  

  
 jenna barnett 
 


sojourners’ top movies of 2024  

  

  
 mitchell atencio 
 


dozens of faith groups sue trump administration over immigration arrests  

  

 








audio




  
 podcast 
 introducing: lead us not  
 by jenna barnett  

  
 podcast 
 episode 4: ‘this isn't some holy moment' 
 by jenna barnett  

 
all audio 



video




  
 video 
 a mosaic of missing motherhood (a poem) 
 by jayne marie smith 
 my motherhood is not seen on tv.
  

  
 video 
 faith leaders have a message for survivors 
 faith leaders have a message for survivors. we believe you. 
  

 
all videos 







search sojourners

×







            search          







 


 


 


 
 
 




subscribe

magazine newsletters preaching the word 
 

















 





 




donate
products editorial policies privacy policy 
 

media

advertising press 
 

opportunities

careers fellowship program 
 

contact


                office 
                408 c st. ne 
                washington dc, 20002
            

                phone 202-328-8842
                fax  202-328-8757
                email  sojourners@sojo.net            
            

 



        unless otherwise noted, all material © sojourners 2025    



for more info


 

