









snyder bible scriptural studies archives













	 this website contains over 2,000 items, 
including
sermons, podcasts, rare books, antiquities, courses and links to my videos,
all pertaining to the religion, theology and history of nascent christianity
from a hebraic perspective. please use google search to secure what you need
or contact me for more information at www.yahad.me.
thank you for visiting. 






			 

jackson snyder

new earth 
			restoration ministries

(vero 
			essene yahad)
scripture 
			commentaries antiquities



  
			on the web since 1998.  books & bible lessons  

  antiquities, 
			lectures, podcasts & videos

			 


contact        
			subscriptions & donations         
			this is my front page for all sites

			 

check out my 
			life's work recorded on this page.
 


my ebooks and translations are free of 
			charge here. 

			 


help me pay 
			for web charges please.

			 



kingdomkart bookstore - the 
			books and translations of my authorship plus new and used books.  



kratom at the lowest prices 
			on the internet.  you need pain relief?  $69 per kilo! 
			contact me for details.

			 

new! the 
			nazarene acts of the apostles audio book / e-book combo.


listen to the sample here or 
			download the 9/10 free.  you'll have a new favorite!

			 





you will love this "lost" book.  
			the acts of the apostles through the eyes and deeds of simon peter, 
			including the beating of james the just and the debate with simon 
			magus.  purchase of this book - 321 pages - will help a lot in 
			financing our joints ministries.  
			request a free pdf or purchase 
			the printed book.

			 

			 


 


dear 
			believer:  i have been promoting messiah on the web since soon 
			after al gore invented it.  it costs approximately $1,000 per 
			year to maintain these sites and hundreds of hours of labor. if you 
			have received any insight from my stuff, received free translations 
			or advice, please consider subscribing.  father will work 
			through you so as to keep these precious words here
			now  and in the future, when you and i are long gone, 
			for a new and troubled generation. i could also use help in website 
			development, audio editing, music manuscripting and teaching. let father 
			speak to 
			your heart about me.   
go 
			to subscriptions & donations


			 


link to downloads (translations):  my translations, 
			books and calendars in pdf are free to you.  however, you must 
			obtain a password to open them.  
			you may receive a password by requesting via a short form found at 
			this link.  the form is necessary in order to keep 
			track of the many requests for information that i receive.  
			otherwise, most of this literature 
			is available in printed or download form at a price from the cart at 
			this link.  thank you. 

			 





			jackson snyder presents (www.jspresents.org) 
			- 700 hours of 

			challenging
			podcasts that include many hidden mysteries of the scriptural from a 
			historical / critical perspectives.  i am a new testament & 
			apocrypha professor with a very good grasp on the scriptures and the 
			history of rome, greece and the middle east, and especially that of 
			ancient israel and egypt.  also includes many lessons from 
			associated others, like daniel ben regesh, abiyah bein tzion, robert 
			eisenman, carl archuleta, andrew carlson, liz mcgee, bradford and 
			christina brink (david h'natsari) - many other nazarene / ebionite 
			scholars. 

			 



jackson snyder, essene 
			academy podcasts (www.jacksonsnyder.podbean.com) 
			- the latest podcasts beginning 2019 with an emphasis on religion, 
			theology, history and the occult, including the yetcast interviews 
			on demonic infiltration and deliverance from alien entities.  
			yetcast is aservice of the yahad of east tennessee, bishop daniel 
			regesh and elder yochanan governo staten. 

			 



jackson 
			snyder youtube channel - 
			over 100 hours of videos on biblical and historical topics, with 
			more going up every day.  also includes many lessons from 
			associated others, like daniel ben regesh, abiyah bein tzion, robert 
			eisenman, carl archuleta, andrew carlson, liz mcgee, bradford and 
			christina brink (david h'natsari) - many other nazarene / ebionite 
			scholars. 
 



jackson snyder bible (www.jacksonsnyder.org) 
			- hundreds of essays, sermons and books written from the 1990s to 
			2011, when i desisted from updating this site.  for this 
			reason, one will find lots of dead links and missing pieces.   
			however, fishing this site with google advanced search will uncover 
			many, many books, essays, sermons, lessons, archaeological studies, 
			liturgies, prayers and who knows what else, as i worked this site 
			every day for 20 years.

			 




			robert eisenman private interviews (www.jacksonsnyder.com/yah/2014/hnr/index.htm#eisenman) 
			- several private 
			interviews and presentations by out friend robert eisenman, a member 
			of the vero essene yahad think tank.  professor eisenman 
			provides that fundamentals of our essene faith, as exemplified in 
			his books 

			james the brother of jesus,
			

			the new testament code &
			

			the dead sea scrolls and the first christians.

			 


the 
			vero essene yahad (www.veroyahad.org) 
			- vey is our religious and academic headquarters and includes 
			events, special presentations, personnel & an extensive manuscript 
			library. vey also trains candidates for ordination under the 
			apostolic succession and provides ongoing studies for professional 
			ministers.  the yahad has offices in several international 
			venues.  in the united states, the main office is at 3495 1st 
			st. vero beach, fl 32968 (772) 696-2167 .  secondary office is 
			in cleveland, tn: vey 2005 westland dr. sw suite 303, cleveland tn 
			37311 (423) 414-1258. for membership or ordination information,
			go 
			to the site and click the appropriate link.  as a 
			professional ministerial organization, we do not 
			charge money for ordination or membership - but be prepared to spend 
			time in our education programs and supervised ministry.

			 



essene academy of religion, 
			theology & history (www.esseneacademy.com) 
			- earth is a masters-level theological and historical educational 
			institute where, for a small fee, a student may start a series of 
			courses that cover christian & essene origins, the nazorean 
			movement, apocrypha & pseudepigrapha, akhentaten / melchizedek / 
			hebrew / egyptian connections, orthodoxy & gnosticism, the jesus / 
			yahshua movement, constantine and lactantius, and many more.  
			earth is not a bible college; we would expect that the student would 
			be willing to take a more analytical perspective than what one might 
			have from church institutes. 


			 



the vero yahad 
			think tank - this is a facebook group of six hundred 
			free-thinkers that ascribe only to our motto: unity in diversity; 
			not diversity in conflict.  beliefs vary widely; a belief 
			statement is not necessary to belong to the think tank.  
			civility rules - no personal insults or anger is tolerated.  
			however, all opinions, studies and theological notions are accepted 
			and discussed.  when the formal yahad needs opinions or poll 
			results, we go to the think tank.  and you can go there, too 
			and take part as you will.

			 



the new 
			testament code commentary group - another facebook group 
			that sponsors online events that deal with the books of robert 
			eisenman and related theories of the dead sea scrolls and the first 
			christians.  we have a live online commentary class once a 
			week.  occasionally, professor eisenman comes on with us.

			 



private 
			partitas - original instrumental music written between 1979 
			and 1985.  these pieces are a sample of more music written in 
			this period, inscribed and computerized in 2010.

			 



kratomatom.org - for the 
			lowest prices i could find in the miracle pain-killer mitragyna 
			speciosa.  the leaves from this oriental coffee plant, when 
			used properly, will alleviate the worst pain (in most cases) within 
			30 minutes of consumption.  the molecules of mitragyna seek out 
			and fill up the opioid receptors in the brain, bringing relief very 
			similar to morphine.  yet because mitragyna is not an opioid, 
			there is no addiction and no withdrawal.  it's truly a miracle 
			from elohim, and works better and faster than any pain killer i have 
			known.  
			contact for a sample. 

			 


			subscriptions & donations




levels
shamash level : $1.00 usd - monthly
shoter level : $2.50 usd - monthly
azar level : $5.00 usd - monthly
zachen level : $7.50 usd - monthly
nasi level : $10.00 usd - monthly
 





















 




~any 
amount one time~








			 

			 

©1988 - 2019 jackson h. 
			snyder, vero beach, fl  

contact form




