




the link thing
 



 
























 











toggle navigation








tour  seo tools  product  
about the lrt seo tools


all features


all benefits


free seo tools


changelog


urlinspector

  pricing  recommendations  
search engine optimization experts


brands and seo agencies around the world


lrt certified professionals

  education  
blog


english documentation


deutsche dokumentation


seo & link building wiki


seo site clinic


seo certifications

  contact  
 deutschsign in 
 




the link thingranking without links is really, really hard.










recent updates





link audit


the ultimate guide to link removal

					this detailed guide takes you step-by-step through how to find, identify and remove dangerous links. in it, bartosz shares shares many of his secrets, real-life examples, and a deliciously sneaky way to find hidden contact information for spammy webmasters. 










google


impact of nofollow 2.0, ugc and sponsored link attributes

					nofollow links were handled differently by google starting sept 10, 2019. nofollow links from other sites that implemented a nofollow link policy as a blanket rule before can now affect you, when they did not before. 









22 seo link building tips
case studies


22 seo link building methods for 2022

					link building has been called "dead" for years. the rules of 2003 certainly changed, and those who could not learn and adapt to the ever-changing rules and increased requirements on skills, tools, details then, of course, had to give up on their "link building tricks."

google confirmed that links are the #1 ranking factor and said: "ranking without links is really really hard." 

the google core algorithm is based on links, and that hasn't changed since the inception of google.
 









22 seo link building tips
link building


how to find 101 great links for interflora - easily

					which things to fix, which links to build? this case-study shows how the penalized site interflora can clean up their link profile and build some awesome new backlinks without losing precious link juice. read on and find out how you can learn from these examples! 









google penguin penalty
link audit


dejan seo manual action for toxic links - analysis and reconsideration request

					google gave dejanseo.com.au, the domain of dejan marketing, a harsh penalty that led to a loss in rankings for even for their brand name dejan seo.  

was it fair? 

they didn't build any links, they say.

legit website receives link penalty?

who is next? 










link audit


interflora google penalty - a deep dive into toxic links

					we are sure you’ve heard about interflora.co.uk being penalized by google. no wonder, because link detox found over 70% toxic and suspicious links including cheap advertorials, paid blog posts etc. here you will find examples for toxic and suspicious links that will put you in danger for a penguin penalty. 










link building


7 golden rules of link building for 2022 and beyond

					the original golden rules of link building updated for 2022 and beyond. 










link building


what is the best dofollow nofollow backlink ratio?

					do you wonder what the best dofollow vs. nofollow link ratio is? read this post for some answers, but more importantly more questions for you that you have to ask if you want to take seo seriously. 










link building


which seo metrics should we use in link building?

					which seo metrics did lrt develop and recommend for link building? are ahrefs dr and moz da good link building metrics? 










link building


10 ways your link building agency can scam you, and probably does.

					based on user and client feedback, we try to summarize all possible and still ongoing ways how link building clients can be scammed. 










link building


what are links with traffic, and how do you get them?

					what are links with traffic, and how do you get them? this week i've been confused about a "new standard in links with traffic" when it was all about links getting traffic from organic rankings. that was a sub-sub chapter of my golden rules of… 










link building


13 ways to improve backlinks that you already have

					your existing link profile is the most important asset your website has. we often forget how many thousands or even millions of links are sending visitors to your site on a daily basis, and of course, help you in google rankings.

make it a daily habit to check and groom your backlinks and protect your rankings. only then building new links will help you grow instead of keeping up. 

read on and learn about 13 practical ways in which you can improve the backlinks you already have. 










link monitoring


negative seo protection techniques

					in today's world, negative seo has become a realistic threat. various simple techniques are now commonly used to destroy competing businesses. read here the most popular methods of negative seo and learn how you can easily protect yourself. 










link building


6 reasons why you should check your disavow file again

					when was the last time you checked your disavow file?

probably a while ago, but that's ok.

we present you a couple reasons, why it's worth looking at it again.

and show you how the disavow file audit feature in link detox helps you with it. 










link building


link building feng shui for seo in china

					did you know that google is completely irrelevant in china? it is especially baidu, which is sending chinese web sites traffic. but how does seo in china work? more important - which role do links play, and how do you go about link building for seo in china? 










link audit


lessons learned from a link audit and disavow for 100 million backlinks.

					are you using link data from google search console? did you know you can accumulate a multiple of a single download, if done right? learn from kamil guzdek how he handled this for a very large domain. 










case studies


10 outreach tips for building quality backlinks to your website

					digital outreach campaigns have become a vital part of internet marketing. it’s easy to make mistakes when trying to implement them. learn how to make the most of your campaign with our 10 outreach tips. 










link audit


9 ways to check the quality of a link

					do you know what's the difference between a good link and a back links?  using lrt technology you can check that within seconds.

but how can you check the backlinks in your link profile yourself if you were to do it one by one (please don't!)

rick lomas gives you nine points to look at. 










seo competitor research


co-citations and bad neighborhood explained

					one of the most important elements for quality and safe link building is a good neighborhood. if you read this article you will learn what a bad neighborhood is and how co-citations can lead you there. 

hint: it's not the same ip hosting block, as many believe.

also, you will learn how to add valuable co-citations for your site and how to analyze these co-citations. 










link building


link building with linkresearchtools and pitchbox

					after months of hard work, we’re proud to present the integration between pitchbox and linkresearchtools for link removal and link building outreach. if your site has been penalized, google expects you to contact the sources of those bad links and show proof of your outreach in your disavow file. 










tutorials


9 useful tips to use scrapebox for your seo workflow

					scrapebox is a well known tool for black hat seo, but white hat seos have found it to be a very useful and time saving tool for on-page seo, link analysis and even link building.  in this guide, lrt xpert - bartosz góralewicz, shows us how to use this tool of darkness to make google very happy with your website. 









no follow links - risky or irrelevant?
google


nofollow links in seo

					the value of nofollow links has often led to heated debates among online marketers and seos. ever since google rolled out the penguin algorithm in 2012, the risk of links has become a central question. can nofollow links put your website at risk? googlebot should not follow links with nofollow tag, but is that always true? 










news


lrtcon 2019 recap - link building conference collects eur 43.545 for charity

					learn how we managed to collect almost 50.000 us$ in only four months for charity with a link building conference we set up - and why a "link only" conference was necessary in the first place, the seo market changes. 









toxic links and redirects 
google


state of links 2019: seo questions that google should answer

					john muller announced him meeting with the webspam team to talk about the state of links and asked for questions from the webmaster community.

what should he bring up? 
do they still work?

here are our questions illustrated and updated with more details where needed or possible.

 





 



search








categoriesallcase studiesgooglelink auditlink buildinglink monitoringnewsseo competitor researchtutorialsuncategorizedother posts you may likedejan seo manual action for toxic links - analysis and reconsideration requestnegative seo protection techniques10 outreach tips for building quality backlinks to your websitenofollow links in seogoogle update: penguin 4.0 - the "real time" link algorithmlrt customer opinions



comparing linkresearchtools to other link data sources is like comparing a pile of raw steel to the finest watchmaker.





					the raw link data is easy to find, but it is only with christoph's fine skills that this raw metal is spun and polished into the finest pieces. the full lrt suite used by my staff makes my company more money than any other set of tools. 






 




customer statements



"what is most convincing about lrt for us is the diversity of features"
marcel kopper
coo



					the most convincing thing about lrt for us are two central points: firstly, the variety of features that the platform offers, because from the tool for link detox to tools for identifying new or previously unused link sources, everything is there. thanks to these features, we have… 








"the data is useful and accurate"
richard kershaw
ceo



					linkresearchtools are the only paid link building tools i recommend to my friends. the data is useful and accurate, the interface is fast and easy to use. 








"the ultimate toolbox"
marco frazzetta
ceo
om-strategen.de



					for years i, as well as the staff, have been using linkresearchtools and see this as the ultimate toolbox when it comes to backlinks. from backlink profile or competitor analysis, and evaluation of negative links, the lrt are unbeatable. 





trusted by the world's most respected brands.



have you seen enough to make a decision?  

see prices
sign up for trial






			© 2009 - 2025 - all content and intellectual property is under copyright protection.terms & conditions | privacy policy | cookie policy | imprint • 
			contact •  help













