

































best window replacement & door installation company | over 70,000 satisfied customers
























































close menu


home
video
search
menu





about us
partners

resources

gallery
faq
reviews
blog
contact











			call now: 888.542.2875


now hiring
need service?
book now











windows

vinyl
fiberglass
wood
wood clad
aluminum
obscure glass



doors

entry doors
sliding doors
french doors


baths
coatings
offers

locations

la / ventura county
orange county
san diego
san jose
palm desert/palm springs location


videos


































view offer details








windows. doors. baths. coatings. welcome to american vision windows











contact us to schedule your free design consultation!

call now!
submit a form





our team is the heart
			of american vision

“when you walk around the american vision office you see smiling faces and people working hard doing what they love. that kind of culture changes everything. american vision is one big family, and i plan on working here for the rest of my life!”
chris perez
president







experience a luxury custom wood window service from american vision windows












your window replacement opportunity is now open
american vision windows is the no. 1 window replacement company in california, with almost one million windows installed and a reputation for excellence. over the last 20+ years, customers have turned to us for exceptional access to the leading window design styles and names, all in one place. but we’re also much more than panes and frames. american vision windows also specializes in door replacement, bathroom remodeling, and eco-friendly paint and texture coating to beautify your home and add value, with all products and brands installed by highly skilled craftsmen and appointments set around customers’ busy schedules.











windows
replacing your windows can transform the look and feel of your home and make it more valuable, but deciding what kind of windows to choose can be overwhelming. american vision windows offers elegant wood windows, beautiful wood clad windows, and modern aluminum windows, all in one place and all professionally installed by an expert member of our team.

view windows








doors
american vision windows offers everything from entry doors to sliding doors to french doors. our door replacement and door installation services are easy to use, options are available in an array of styles for a variety of budgets, and new doors can add both function and appeal. upgrade your home with custom door designs that give you the look you are seeking.

view doors








baths
bath remodeling has never been so easy, or so rewarding. let american vision windows help you with your bathtub installation, shower replacement, obscure glass windows for your bath, or bathroom window privacy options. you’re sure to love the ease of the design, product selection, and installation process, and especially the results you’ll get!

view baths








coatings
american vision windows can help you update your exterior with an exciting new hue while reducing your cooling costs, using eco-friendly textured paint from the largest green coating manufacturer in the world, tex-cote. we specialize in texture coating for exterior walls and clear door coating, which can save you money while improving the look of your home.

view coatings









celebrate over 20 years of business with us - save big on new windows!

view offer





about us
bill and kathleen herren started american vision windows after a poor experience with window replacement in their own home. more than 20 years and almost one million windows installed later, they are the no. 1 window replacement company in california, and an ongoing commitment to providing the kind of selection and service they had personally hoped to find. from bay windows to garden windows to energy-efficient options, the company specializes in a wide range of high-quality window replacement and installation needs. from the first contact, clients are carefully guided through every step of the process until their windows are installed, their goals are met, and their expectations are exceeded. at american vision windows, “revolutionizing the home improvement industry, one customer at a time” isn’t just a motto; it’s a driving force.

read our story







“revolutionizing the home improvement industry one customer at a time, while changing the lives of our employees for the better.”







“we were impressed by the attention to detail.”
-neal saavedra, radio personality







call for a free estimate
(888) 542-2875


find a location


la/ventura county
				2125 madera rd
				simi valley, ca93065
(805) 468-4316


orange county
				15401 redhill avenue, 
				suite f
				tustin, ca 92780
(714) 418-4966



san jose
				400 mathew st.
				santa clara, ca 95050
(408) 869-1820


san diego
				7950 miramar rd
				san diego, ca 92126
(858) 952-1417


palm desert/palm springs
				44-907 golf center pkwy suite # 1-2
				indio, ca 92201
(760) 614-8884




follow us

tiktok
instagram
youtube
facebook
yelp
twitter
pinterest
linkedin





*minimum of 4-windows. new customers only. cannot be combined with any other offers. some restrictions apply. call for details. offer expires 02/28/25.





contractor's license cslb #778326.


privacy policy
site map
cookie policy
terms and conditions
do not sell my information

© 2000 - 2025 american vision windows



















chat with an expert
book now
phone
contact








