



the official hugh laurie website - bio, facts, gallery, interviews







hugh laurie
the official hugh laurie fan site
  all new for 2015





home

house

house isms

the premise

all about hugh

career in detail

insight into hugh

get to know the man






 career highlights

jeeves and wooster

blackadder

fortysomething

hugh's films

hugh the musician

hugh the author
fitted kitchens
hugh laurie on twitter











tweet






welcome to the official hugh laurie fansite. 
 
you've come to the right place for all the latest news on hugh. he's a true renaissance man - a wonderful actor and comedian, gifted musician and writer, a natural athlete, clever, perceptive and has natural charisma. its good to see that many people are now appreciating hugh's talents. 
 
hugh laurie - devoted to hugh welcome to the devoted to hugh laurie fansite. you've come to the right place for all the latest news on hugh. he's a true renaissance man - a wonderful actor and comedian, gifted musician and writer, a natural athlete, clever, perceptive and has natural charisma. its good to see that many people are now appreciating hugh's talents. 
 
its been a very exciting few years for hugh as he's taken america by storm in the brilliant fox show 'house'. hugh has gained many new fans through the show. they admire his brilliant interpretation of the role and his gorgeous good looks haven't gone unnoticed either! 


 
the fansite now has over 5,200 forum members but there's always room for more so if you'd like to chat to other fans of hugh do drop by the forum. we'd love to chat with you.
hugh recently talked about his love of cooking. if you are looking for a great kitchen try this company: kitchen showrooms london
 
2009 has been a very exciting few years for hugh as he's taken america by storm in the brilliant fox show 'house'. hugh has gained many new fans through the show. they admire his brilliant interpretation of the role and his gorgeous good looks haven't gone unnoticed either! 
 
the fansite now has over 5,700 forum members but there's always room for more so if you'd like to talk to other fans of hugh do drop by the forum. we'd love to chat with you. 
 
but mr. laurie can do even more: during the filming of "maybe baby" director ben elton had to go to the hospital because he became a father.â hugh laurie took his hand and turned a few short scenes.â his multi-talent is also evident elsewhere: in 1997, his first novel, "the arms dealer" was published, which was a bestseller in england.
 
musically, the oblique tv doctor has to offer.â he plays piano and keyboard.â the latter in his band poor white trash ".â i hope the name does not indicate the quality of the music.
guinness book of records: hugh laurie is most watched man on television 


it was always going to be gamble for hugh laurie to attempt to morph from foppish bertie wooster into the cantankerous physician dr gregory house. but it seems to have paid off.

















hugh laurie 2016 - loving hugh expert search in a modern internet benedict (london)

copyright © hugh laurie







