


letters home from an iowa soldier in the american civil war





























letters from an iowa soldier in the civil war 



 
newton and hannah scott

 these letters are part of a
            collection written by newton robert scott, private, company a, of
            the 36th infantry, iowa volunteers. most of the letters were written
            to scott's neighborhood friend hannah cone, in their home town of
            albia, monroe county, iowa, over the three year period that he
            served as company a's clerk. the final letter, describing the
            long-awaited mustering out in august of 1865, was written to his
            parents. 
 scott's letters to hannah are
            filled with rich details of the war and the living conditions in the
            union camps in mississippi, missouri, iowa and arkansas. he tells of
            the terrible diseases that took a heavier toll than confederate
            bullets, and the soldiers' frustration and impatience with the
            politicians in washington. 
 not only do we get a clerk's
            detailed account of the activities of company a and the "boys of
            monroe county," we also get a glimpse into the emotions of a
            21-year-old farm boy uprooted from his family, friends, and
            sweetheart. in spite of his obvious education and proper upbringing,
            his polite prose sometimes gives way to impatience and sarcasm as he
            acknowledges hannah's accounts of the many fairs, socials, and
            weddings taking place at home. indeed he must endure the most
            embittering news of all when he is told that his sweetheart,
            "darling hattie" has forsaken him to marry another.
 even though scott & his
            comrades prayed for a confederate surrender before their three year
            enlistment was completed, they were to serve the full term and were
            sent home five months after lee's surrender at appomattox
            courthouse.
 the story does not end here. a
            year after returning home scott married hannah, his faithful
            correspondent, with whom he raised nine children. newton and hannah
            lived long, productive lives. hannah raised her family and died of
            heart failure at 69. newton was a mail clerk for the railroad for 41
            years. he died a peaceful death at 83.

table of contents of the letters
lesson plans using the letters
additional scott family records

newton scott's service record
newton scott's obituary
hannah cone's obituary

where to get further civil war
          information.
how to make your family history
          available.
information about this document's developer.
   




 
search term input

  search the site  

  
 custom search 



host
            your website with powweb:   


    


please send your comments and suggestions to bill
            proudfoot, reveal e-mail address
first posted 17 august 1994. (that makes it about the 7000th web
              site ever posted on the www!)
last revised december 1, 2017.

http://www.civilwarletters.com/
 
 
          this work is licensed under a creative
            commons license.
          







