










home - united way of central florida





































































 






 









twitterfacebookinstagramlinkedinhome
calendar
log in
 


about


who we are

our story
our history
our mission

strategic plans
impact report
diversity, equity & inclusion
financials and 990 forms


our people

staff
board
highlands county advisory board
impact cabinet & steering teams
resource development cabinet




news

in the news
press releases
blog & recent news
covid-19 response
annual celebration
top supporters


contact us

get connected
email us
careers





our work


alice

initiatives

early childhood education
academic achievement
community partnership school
financial stability
health

community wellness


george w. jenkins end hunger
basic needs




programs

success by 6

children’s resource center

infant massage


born learning
master teachers
dolly parton’s imagination library
supervised visitation
readingpals


highlands county services
hardee county services





get involved


for individuals

give now
initiative giving
leadership giving

tocqueville society
démocratie society
friends and benefactors
women united
young leaders society


volunteer


for companies

workplace campaign

corporate support guide







find help


connect

get connected: 211

live chat


988 suicide and crisis lifeline


resources

healthcare
food distribution schedule
free tax prep
financial planning classes
natural disaster resources & recovery
covid-19 resources





give now
search




menu


menu

 














previousnext12345678
previousnext12345678




get involved




donate




find help




events




united way of central florida has been improving lives and strengthening the communities of polk, hardee and highlands counties since 1980.
uwcf enacts community change by amplifying donor dollars with local matches, convening partners to improve efficiency and brokering only those services that produce the best possible return on investment in the areas of most critical need.
our expertise and partnerships are making immediate and lasting differences for individuals throughout our community.



united way of central florida and local experts have identified seven initiatives to address our community’s most critical needs.
through our initiatives, uwcf and our partners are disrupting the cycle of poverty in central florida.


early childhood
education
uwcf prepares children birth to age five to enter school ready to read.

academic
achievement
providing tutoring, homework assistance and mentors to improve promotion rates, attendance, and grades in core subjects for at risk students.

financial
stability
we help families save money, increase family income, manage debt and improve their credit.

health
we fund services that improve the physical and behavioral health of adults and children while also reducing unnecessary er visits and days in the hospital.

george w. jenkins
end hunger
by increasing access to healthy foods, uwcf helps to eliminate hunger and food insecurities for children and families.

community partnership
school
the school is a community hub with a full service health clinic, financial education and academic support for students, families and neighbors.






snapshot
of our annual impact

22,883children who utilized early childhood education services to prepare them for school
11,823individuals who accessed
financial education services
17,085individuals who received at
least one health service
66,806unique visitors to our food distribution sites






united in purpose.


united way central florida cannot do the work we do without the generosity of donors, volunteers and community leaders. join our fight to create positive lasting change in our community by helping children succeed in school, promoting financial stability and improving people’s health.
uwcf is disrupting the standard nonprofit model by amplifying donor dollars with local matches, convening partners to improve efficiency and brokering only those services that produce the best possible return on investment (roi) in the areas of most critical need.
no one can do their best work at work or school if they are hungry, sick or in pain. we must take action.
the leadership giving association (lga) was formed in 1987 by volunteers to encourage and honor the generosity of individuals and families who invest $1,000 or more annually.
through the visionary leadership and personal involvement of its founding fathers, guy bostick, rl “buddy” fletcher, george w. jenkins and paul scott linder, the lga has become the foundation of philanthropy in our community flourishing to more than 2,000 members to date.
united way central florida brings together community leaders through a range of philanthropic, volunteer and networking opportunities. while giving alone is its own reward, a gift of $1,000 or more brings along additional benefits such as dedicated support staff, regular updates on how your gift is being used recognition for your gift, invitations to special lga events, society membership opportunities and the option to combine gifts of spouses giving through separate workplace campaigns.

learn more about leadership giving


supported employment & vocational training at ridge area arcfebruary 13, 2025/by jordan weilanduwcf recognizes the vital community hotline on national 211 daytoday, february 11th (2/11), marks national 211 day-an annual…february 11, 2025/by katherine fitzwaterspotlight on polk county board of county commissionersjanuary 28, 2025/by jordan weilanduwcf & partners successfully help families displaced by fire at the imperial swan hotel find new housingjanuary 24, 2025/by katherine fitzwater2025 free tax preparation sitesjanuary 14, 2025/by jordan weilandadult day training at ridge area arcjanuary 8, 2025/by jordan weiland



 previousnext123
view top supporters!
  









our mission



to inspire our community to give, advocate and volunteer by identifying needs and mobilizing vetted resources to create positive, local change.



our vision



to unite our community and empower everyone to achieve their full potential.





contact us



by mail
po box 1357,
highland city, fl 33846
by phone
863.648.1500
visit us
5605 us highway 98 s.
lakeland, fl 33812



stay connected





first name* last name* email*

captchanamethis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
 











by submitting this form, you are consenting to receive marketing emails from: united way of central florida, 5605 us hwy 98 south, lakeland, fl, 33812, http://www.uwcf.org. you can revoke your consent to receive emails at any time by using the safeunsubscribe® link, found at the bottom of every email. emails are serviced by constant contact



get involved



about us
our work
give
advocate
volunteer
find help


   


  


© copyright - united way of central florida | privacy policy | social media disclaimer | terms and conditions | anti-spam policy |  website designed by: maximize digital media






scroll to top


    by continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies    
        i understand    








































