


www.berro.com american lebanese website featuring a directory of lebanon 
websites. humor and jokes.  trivia. middle east news. tourism. america 
funniest website: fun content mashup!  funny video clips & ads  sexy 
fun commercials video movie clips trivia interesting facts immigration, arabic 
lebanon history, beauty, and war books, prominent american lebanese and arab 
americans, pictures - beirut  also, online resources for jobs and 
employment, link exchange, shopping, gifts, domains, dating and matchmaking, 
susan boyle britain's got talent simon, jokes, interesting photos, entertaining 
cartoons, index of worldwide museums, best international songs and music














www.berro.com
|

home
| add |
american lebanese 
| | fun & entertainment | 
lebanese books |
lebanon index |
lebanese tourism 
attractions
 | 
useful links |
useful tools |
  | 

 |



funny videos

fun facts


interact

resources













jokes

scenes


		motivational
add/contact



get our updates on:
		facebook
|
google +
|
twitter 
|
tumblr 
|









act to foster happiness, peace, 
		prosperity, and tolerance in the middle east
 





 




|

fun section 
		|

funny pictures 
|

funny video clips 
		|

hilarious jokes 
| 


interesting facts 
		|


 famous quotes 
		|

|

new content 
|
romance 
|

motivation |
resources 
| 
nature 
| 
tools 
| 
games |






		read gibran khalil gibran's "the prophet"




		 



 


welcome to
the useful and popular american lebanese www.berro.com fun web site.  you 
can now follow me on twitter (berro or
http://twitter.com/berro) to get 
berro.com updates, quick jokes, fun facts...., 

 
latest 
fun facts added:
 


the 
	number 39 is considered unlucky by so many in afghanistan

low 
	frequencies sounds are heard by babies inside the womb

humming 
	bird is the only bird that can fly backwards

the 
	vagina and the eye are self-cleaning organs


	seatbelts first became mandatory in 1984

the 
	sperm count of the average american male is down 30 percent from 30 years 
	ago.

 
sample


recent pages:




census 2010 press releases: 
	more press releases to inform and encourage the arab american communities to 
	participate are posted.


job descriptions: funny summaries of 
	certain job duties


adorable 
	egyptian kid: this is a viral clip from egypt for an interview with a 
	brilliant and adorable child.


arab 
	gps: this is a hilarious clip that touches on multiple aspects from what 
	you could see in some arab streets in the context of being guided by a gps 
	with funny cultural understanding.



	lebanese call center: نكتة لبناني وزوجتة   a 
	joke about coded messages between a lebanese man and his wife

 كيف 
	تعرف أنك في عام 2010 : how do you know you are in 2010



	conversation in arab quotes: funny exchange between an arab poor man and 
	a beautiful and smart arab woman.


job descriptions: funny summaries of 
	certain job duties


new alphabet learning 
	aid: this tool could a good educational tool for your children as they 
	learn english letters.  



	helen the translator: politically incorrect video clip of how different 
	languages sound to others


driving in 
	beirut: an little story blaming the women drivers in beirut for the 
	choas!


you said what: things you wish you 
	hadn't said



	strong mouse: this ad makes you feel a mouse is an adorable creature!


surprised kitten: a great 
	video of an great and cute kitten getting stunned by her owner.


sheikh saad 
	harriri: what saad harriri, nabih berri, saaid saleh, younes chalabi, 
	and ahamad zaki have in common?  how lebanese politicians are somehow 
	similar to egyptian comedians.


women, age, and stories: what 
	is the difference between girls aged: 18, 28, 38, 48, 58, 68?


russian army 
	secret weapon: a hilarious viral video clip showing russian soldiers 
	doing one of their tricks.



	weekly work routine in lebanon: a twist demonstrating the relationship 
	between hookah, belly dancers, and a daily job in the context of the 
	lebanese middle eastern culture.


	english-english dictionary: a list of english words meaning based on 
	1913 webster's dictionary.


unofficial smiley 
	dictionary: have you wondered what is 
{:-) or :-\ smilies mean?  check out this 
	page for more fun definitions of the smilies on the web.


cleanse my sins: a twisted confession 
	by a young woman


if women ruled the world: 
	another joke added.


the 
	expectations of the boss: a moral story about dog's life in the context 
	of the expectations of the boss. added to the motivational section.


census 2010: a message for arab 
	americans regarding the upcoming important census.



	baalbeck street's dabke: best dabkeh by 3 children in the bekaa 
	valley/lebanon.



	human beatbox joseph poolpo: amazing 100% vocal performance


need 710: a joke about a 
	blonde who needs 710 for her car.


eye 
		exam torture: a funny picture to torture men wishing to check their 
	eye sight.



	chinese new year: some trivia and horoscope entertainment 


stage 
	of employment: employee-boss relationship stages.  funny animation 
	of a duck and a cat.


brief guide to 
	australia: fun guide about australia's history and culture.



red block: a coordination and response 
	time animated game


making love to women: 
	why making love to women is similar to some common days tasks?



	love is: a funny cartoon for the days to come.  for some, these 
	days are already there.



	arab hashish jokes: jokes about marijuana addicts from the middle east



	quick cloth changing: a russian model showing her remarkable skills in 
	quickly changing her clothes.


waxing alternative: 
	a method for removing unwanted hair.  


crazy and funny lebanese 
	pictures: pictures from lebanon showing hot-blooded lebanese on motorcycles, 
	funny pimped-up rides, funny road signs and billboards, fun lebanese young 
	men and women smoking hookah (argillah) and more.



	french cultural attractions: a funny 
	and sexy picture of the celebrated tourist attraction in europe / france / 
	paris (pont neuf....)



	catalonian fashion:  hilarious photo of a "fashionable" person in 
	spain


most 
	suitable man: a picture of a passionate, educated, entertaining, 
	intelligent, tolerant, and financially stable man looking for a 
	suitable lovely lady to live with.



	stunned pussy: a funny photo of a cat after hearing a certain comment



	reconciling pussy: a remarkable photo of a cat trying to fix things up 
	(puppy-eyes don't compare here)



	pants for attention:  photo of woman wearing a shredded pants


best songs of rim k (113): french algerian rap-rei



one groom - two brides - one wedding night: pictures of a jordanian man 
	who wedded two women in the same night.


veils and miniskirts: an arabic joke poking fun at tradition and 
	moderinism


homsi jokes: fun arabic language jokes - homsis.



wise 
	men of jahleya'a: an arab joke hinting to the wisdom of men prior to the 
	islamic age and those of the current times!


arab fun: a section for the 
	funniest jokes, videos, and pictures from the arab world

inspiring 
	philosophy: a motivational story about the stresses of life


amazing lion hug: a lion showing his gratitude to his savior.  
	amazing video clip.


pre-school test for you: 
	are you smarter than school children?


grandpa's mijana: old 
	lebanese folklore by my late grandfather (rip)


funny wii baby laugh: a baby cracks up laughing as his dad plays golf 
	with nintendo wii


mental challenges: a fun 
	and smart set of mensa-style iq quizzes added to the fun and entertainment 
	section.


frogs: an 
	interesting animation added to the games section.


don't take it seriously: funny lines showing the need to think twice 
	about the requests from certain individuals in certain professions



best 
	out of office auto replies:  a collection of the best out of office 
	auto messages.  


optimist creed: a great collection of motivating lines.  added to 
	the motivation section


truth about failures: another collection of inspirational lines.



lebanese coins: 
	pictures of rare coins collection from lebanon



greatest songs: a 
	growing collections of the most favorite songs



screen cursor movers: 
	funny japanese flash animation showing the real forces that move your cursor 
	on the screen


reasons to stay sober - funny pictures of drunk people: funny pictures 
	of drunk men and women in funny but also tragic situations


best quotes and movie lines: best collection of the smartest and 
	funniest quotes of all times


101 
	positions - 102 excuses: funny cartoon showing the disparity in women 
	and men thinking about making love


italian time: hilarious video clip showing an 
	italian farmer telling time by lifting donkey balls


socrates' logic: smart joke about the ancient greek philosopher



smart answers: 
	a set of the witty and funny retorts.  













 


|
lebanon 
section |
lebanese links 
|
lebanon 
news 
| 

beautiful lebanon pictures 
|

american lebanese 
|

crazy & funny lebanese pictures |
 
 
 the 
fun
pages feature hilarious jokes, funny 
video clips funny funny
pictures, 
random interesting  facts, 
wise thoughts, humorous quotes, personality

tests, and more popular and entertaining humor. this site strives to provide 
the surfer with a positive, fun, and beneficial experience. to many, this is the 
funniest american website. the content of these pages 
was carefully selected by the webmaster from thousands of received interesting 
and fun 
emails.
 

lebanon resources include an evolving index of 
lebanese
websites,  latest lebanese political events and headlines news, list of 
famous
lebanese americans, photos
from  lebanon,  and 
top selling lebanon related
books. 
 
the
romance 
pages include enchanting thoughts.  the

motivational and inspirational pages are growing with quotes, wise stories, 
and tips. the resource pages include tips and means for the benefits and joy of 
the visitors.  the 
nature section is a new part of this site that will feature the most 
beautiful natural photos.  the
resources section includes 
links for buying computers, hosting sites, traveling, dating, buying gifts and 
more.
 
the
new content 
will feature the most recent additions to this site from funny videos, jokes, 
cartoons, trivia to lebanon related content to other entertaining and 
enlightening content...
 
 
 


advertise
      in our site
add
      your site
interact
      and refer

webmail



	partners
search 
best
      songs
shop


 
 
 enjoy 
browsing.  you can participate by
submitting your site or by
emailing the webmaster, andre berro, the best and funniest.  meanwhile enjoy and benefit from berro.com :-)   
 
click
here to learn more about this site.
 
new links:



	arabic editor:  english-french-arabic technical and non-technical 
	certified & notarized translation by a certified, lebanese translator with 
	over 25 years experience (barhoum khoury, mba). all types of documents 
	accepted, from birth certificates to large technical reports and whole 
	websites localization, no automatic translators used. fast, friendly and 
	competitive rates. added to 
	useful arabian links

rima 
	fakih: miss usa 2010 added to the list of
	famous 
	american lebanese entertainers

dr 
	ghazi hajjar: a plastic surgeon based in beirut, lebanon specializing in all 
	aspects of reconstructive, plastic and cosmetic surgery.  added to the
	lebanese medical 
	links


	untraditional woman - website of the egyptian author and poet azza el wakeel.  
	added to the arabian useful links.


	lebanon business network (lbn) is a non-profit, business development 
	vehicle. featuring an online marketplace and a business matching database, 
	it identifies opportunities and creates links between lebanese 
	entrepreneurs, expatriates, and international businesses. lbn seeks to 
	introduce lebanese businesses and individuals to international business 
	opportunities, which can include strategic alliances, joint ventures, 
	related partnerships and trading. added to the lebanese financial/business 
	links.

sakan 
	real estate lebanon: a real estate broker in beirut - lebanon, apartments, 
	offices, land, villas. added to the lebanese financial/business links.


	discover lebanon: discover lebanon panorama pictures, tourism tour in 
	lebanon, guide directory, maps, lebanese forum, posters, chat rooms, weather 
	forecast, white pages, hotels reservations, and movies.  added to the 
	lebanese tourism links.


biomedical works / 
lebanon, is specialized in the laboratory, hospital and medical industries. 
provides accreditation, maintenance and repair services. supplies new and 
refurbished equipment and spare parts from reputable and reliable canadian, 
american, and european manufacturers.  added to the lebanese medical links



	rmeish: a website with history info and photo galleries about this beautiful 
	southern lebanese village.  added to the lebanese cities links


 
 




*
all
rights reserved for andre doreid berro, mph.  
for adding your
site, partnering, or for more information, please email: dberro@aol.com 
this page was last updated on 
		06/05/20.
*


 



  f    





  
e 
 
surf more pages for the funniest video clips, 
most hilarious jokes, most interesting facts,......., fun games, quotes, and 
more useful and beneficial content.
 

*


