





































    
    bart gray realty property management | central arkansas
  
  














              

     home



  availability



  services



  residents



  owners



  about



  real estate



  contact






     
 
pay rent









    
 





       ready for your next home?we're here to help you find it. 
    

any city
 



  

any price
 

  min. price

 max. price



  

all beds
 

  studio

 1 bed

 2 beds

 3 beds

 4 beds

 5+ beds



  

all baths
 

  1 bath

 2 baths

 3 baths

 4 baths

 5+ baths



  
 
search
  








   what we offer 



      















modern technology with our technology, tenants can log in to pay rent and submit maintenance requests online.
    



regular maintenance we treat every property like it is our own. with regular maintenance, we keep it in good repair.
   


great communication send communications to us at anytime. we respond quickly and efficiently.
    





owner statements stay in the loop with monthly statements on the performance of your property.


   

 servicing the real estate needs in our community since 1948. 
at bart gray realty property management,  the values of service, integrity, and family are at the heart of everything we do. whether you're looking to invest, sell, rent a home or have one rented out, we can help.bgrpm manages over 500 residential units in central arkansas, more specifically the jacksonville, sherwood, cabot, austin, ward, & lrafb communities.welcome home. let us be your homefinder!   

learn more




     


    
  "the staff is really great and maintenance guys are good too. the properties are always well kept and priced at a great rate. i love the no smoking policy they have in place. it's really beneficial to tenants and owners alike. "
m. aldana
  





 
  "very professional and friendly. properties well maintained. (i lived at both the crestview and the madden dr location, i also visited other locations they managed when i was planning to move to a bigger apartment.) the staff i'd so helpful and kind. i am planning to rent from them again when i am transferred back to arkansas."
k. kouzer
  

button



 
  "i absolutely love this rental company!  they are the best realtor i've ever rented from. never once have they fail to answer a maintenance call or any other concern. i recommend this company to anyone seeking a great place to call home!!!"
n. lambert
  









  contact us
   

 

 

 






thank you for contacting us.we will get back to you as soon as possible
oops, there was an error sending your message.please try again later








       

    

 





   

call now

      




 (501) 982-3185


     



 propertymanagement@bartgrayrealty.com


     



 300 t.p. white, suite ajacksonville ar, 72076


      









 9am - 5pm: monday, tuesday, thursday, & friday9am - 4pm: wednesday



 
   online portal
 log in
|
sign up


 owner portal
 log in
|
sign up







   sitemap © 2019 all rights reserved. bart gray realty property management
     


  





 



















































































































  
  share by:











