






freelance traveller home page









[ freelance traveller home page | search freelance traveller | site index ]


 freelance traveller
the electronic fan-supported traveller® 
    resource


magazine downloadscolumnswhat's new?information centerauthor profilesactive measurescritic's cornerdoing it my wayin a store near youkurishdamthe lab shipless dangerous gamefascinating floramultimedia galleryother roadsthe prep roomraconteur's restthe rice archivesthe shipyardup close and personalthe freelance traveller cookbooktraveller by the bytefreelance traveller conteststranslated articlesjohn andrew keith memorial site




welcome to freelance traveller!this 
    web site is intended to be a resource where you can find information on all 
    aspects of the traveller science-fiction role-playing adventure system. we 
    hope that you will find this site interesting and useful.
download freelance traveller magazine
you can download current and back issues of freelance traveller
magazine. the current issue’s cover is 
shown to the left.
 
 
our departments

active measures
adventures. there is one subsection, 
getting 
		off the ground, which contains adventure seeds in the standard 
		"adventure seed" (scenario-plus-possible-solutions) format.
columns
regular columns by regular columnists. our current active column is 
		timothy collinson's 
confessions of a newbie 
		referee, and past columns that you can still read include the fifth 
		imperium, shannon appelcline's guide to refereeing mongoose 
		traveller, and essay 
		question, where our readers can share their thoughts on 
		various aspects of traveller.
critic's corner
reviews of traveller products, for our readers, by our readers. 
		there are three subsections: 
linklooks, 
		where reviews of traveller-related websites may be found; 
other people's toys, 
		where we carry reviews of non-traveller gaming materials of interest to 
		traveller players; and 
off the table, 
		reviewing fiction that the reviewer feels has a connection to traveller.
doing it my way
"house rules", ruleset mixes, and modifications or extensions to rules. any version of traveller is fair game, whether currently in 
		print or not. there are several subsections for different types of 
		rules.
in a store near you
goods that the player-characters might 
		encounter as available for purchase. some may be truly useful in a campaign; others are for 
		"color". there are currently four subsections:
		the gun shop
personal weapons. not all of these will necessarily fit the normal 
		definition of "gun" (e.g., grenades), but all will be weapons that a 
		single person can carry and use.
handle 
			with care
items of all sorts that may present a hazard to the unwary 
			character.
the promenade
describes the shops that the players might purchase goods in. for 
		campaign "color".
the 
			showroom
vehicles of all types, all tech levels, for getting around when 
			a spaceship or starship just won't do.

information center
this section is for non-game support of traveller - software 
		listings (and some downloads), pointers to other websites, news about 
		publishers, product listings, and so on.
kurishdam
articles here will be for "background color" to a campaign, to give 
		the setting depth. has several subsections:
		art and entertainment
activities and entertainments that are often associated 
		with "culture", whether performance art like dance or opera 
		forms, or fine arts such as painting or sculpture.
at home, we do it like this
descriptions of interesting local customs and traditions.
games people play
descriptions of games and sports of all types.
the club room
describes organizations such as religions, clubs, and lodges. also 
		used for racial, cultural, and societal profiles, similar to the series 
		of "contact!" articles in the original printed journal of the travellers' 
		aid society.
lecture hall and library
"color" articles written in a style that might fit well in an encyclopedia, collection 
		of public or university lectures, or other scholarly compilation.
the lab ship
this section is for articles about real-world science, both 
		established and "cutting edge", that may be of use for adding 
		verisimilitude to a campaign universe.  not for reprints of 
		commercially published articles; rather, authors should discuss the 
		science and provide some ideas and/or outlines of rules for 
		incorporating the science into a traveller campaign. 
less dangerous game
this section is for articles about animals that might be encountered 
		in a game.
multimedia gallery
artwork created by traveller fans. may include still pictures, movie 
		clips, music, and anything else that can be made available through the 
		world wide web.
other roads
describe your traveller universe as a setting. 
		emphasis should be on the differences from the standard setting, and 
		should be at the game level, e.g., allowed technologies, political 
		alignments, different star maps, and so on.  variant rules for 
		play, however, should be submitted for doing it my way.
raconteur's rest
traveller-based fiction. can be pure storytelling, or "novelization" 
		of an actual campaign. there is one subsection, 
lost diaries, 
		where the stories are implied - and left unfinished - by a series of 
		entries in a diary or log.
the shipyard
articles about starships and ship-related topics. includes ship 
		profiles, deck plans and pictures, and alternative technologies.
up close and personal
descriptions of individuals that could be encountered in a 
		campaign, as patrons, opponents, contacts, rivals, allies, and so on.
translated articles
some articles have been translated to or from languages other than 
		english. find the non-english versions here.

freelance traveller is fan-supported
it says so at the top of every page: "the electronic fan-supported 
	traveller resource".  what that means is that the vast majority of our 
	material is written by fans for fans. if you're a fan, you can be part of 
	it! our submission guidelines tell
	how to submit material to us; what material you submit is 
	up to you!
you can help us 
if you have any ideas on how to make freelance traveller 
    better, tell us! while we don't guarantee that we will implement all 
    suggestions, we do guarantee that every suggestion will be read and 
    considered. use our feedback 
    page, or mail directly to us at
    editor@freelancetraveller.com.
live chat
freelance traveller sponsors a live chat 
	room on the undernet irc network.  this chat room is always open. more 
	information can be found on our irc 
	chat page.


     

     

     

freelance traveller is proud to 
    be a member of



the yahoo! webring

    next|next 
    5|skip 
    next|previous|random

the ringsurf webring
    [prev|prev 
    5|ring 
    home|random|next 
    5|next]
the webring.com webring
[join 
    now|ring hub|random|<<prev|next>>]
    
freelance traveller extends its thanks to
	the traveller downport for hosting services.
the traveller game in all forms is owned by far future 
    enterprises. copyright 1977-2023 far future enterprises. traveller is a 
    registered trademark of far future enterprises. far future permits web sites 
    and fanzines for this game, provided it contains this notice, that far 
    future is notified, and subject to a withdrawal of permission on 90 days 
    notice. the contents of this site are for personal, non-commercial use only. 
    any use of far future enterprises's copyrighted material or trademarks 
    anywhere on this web site and its files should not be viewed as a challenge 
    to those copyrights or trademarks. in addition, any program/articles/file on 
    this site cannot be republished or distributed without the consent of the 
    author who contributed it.

    this page last updated on
    05 march 2023 by jeff 
    zeitlin.  ©1998-2023 jeff zeitlin
    freelance traveller is maintained by jeff zeitlin
    freelance traveller can be contacted via our
    feedback page or at
    editor@freelancetraveller.com
® 
    traveller is a registered trademark (1977-2023) of farfuture enterprises. 
    use of the trademark on this page is not intended to infringe upon or 
    devalue the trademark.



