


	 - quincy mutual






























 



 
 
 
 


 

search  










 











toggle navigation      




products & services


products overview

personal insurance

automobile


homes, condos & tenants


personal umbrella


watercraft & boats


rental properties


free identity theft services


discounts

commercial insurance

business property & liability


commercial auto




policy holders


policy holders


customer login


report a claim


claims


faq


customer service


water main shut off




billing


billing


pay your bill


how to pay your bill


how to receive your bill


payment plan options


faq's


enrollment forms




about quincy


about


history


financial


company updates


board of directors


senior management


employment


charitable giving


for agents


blog


directions


contact us




agent login




 

  

 






















 
 




























 
 









payyour bill









reporta claim









findan agent









customerlogin






our services
contact one of our more than 500 independent agents to learn how you can achieve peace of mind by protecting yourself,your
					home, auto or business with a quincy mutual policy. 


 
autoinsurance



 
homeinsurance



 
business insurance



 
umbrellainsurance









what our clients say
 


"i have been insured by quincy mutual through my longtime insurance agent at mcdonough insurance for decades. they
							have always been informative and caring, even when a claim had been necessary on my auto & a home that we've owned
							over the years. i wouldn't think of insuring anything elsewhere. thank you."
thomas cirignano


"top notch customer service. quincy mutual is a carrier at our agency, universal insurance agency. they are always
							quick to respond to customers' needs and are always responsive when we have to reach out." would recommend to anyone!
welberson nunes


"i’ve had car insurance with these guys for a few years. i think they’re awesome. i did a lot of comparing before purchasing
							car insurance with quincy mutual and saved a good chunk of money. i definitely recommend them. plus they’re a local
							company and when you call, you speak directly with an agent. i called recently because someone hit my car and was
							on hold for 30 minutes!! 30 minutes!! called quincy mutual and wasn’t asked to hold at all."
t. p.


"i managed the insurance on the home of my parents after they passed away as the personal representative (executor)
							of the estate. after the property was sold, cancelling the insurance and receiving the refund was fairly easy and
							straightforward. my questions were asked and answered by using email link on the online account access page."
ronald rossetti


"quincy mutual insurance company has been a pleasure to deal with when my car was damaged by one of their insureds.
							they contacted me immediately, had an estimator come out and assess the damage and sent me the paperwork. everyone
							was kind, considerate and helpful. i would highly recommend them to anyone looking for a good insurance company."
joanne lastowski


"quincy mutual customer service is top notch. victoria provided me with much needed information to keep a claim moving
							forward. i highly recommend them."
sherman sadler


"i talked to angela . angela was professional and courteous and kind to patient what a difference it makes when you
							have somebody that knows what they're doing on the phone thank you quincy mutual fire insurance."
daniel floyd


"it was a positive experience. they responded promptly. they dealt with the body shop promptly and professionally.
							i was notified every step of the way. all in all, a very positive experience. i highly recommend quincy mutual."
diane joyce


"quincy mutual is a great insurance company. their pricing is very competitive. they also have excellent customer service
							and claims handling."
david scott


"the customer service department is very helpful whenever i have a question. sahil and victoria are especially helpful
							whenever i have a question about a claim or my bill. 5/5 stars!"
anthony ludwig


"the response time and professionalism in this company is highly impressive. i would definitely suggest quincy mutual
							for all your insurance needs."
deb alice


"i just emailed customer service with a problem. they wrote back less than five minutes later with a solution that
							worked; unheard of these days."
diana clark


"brand-new car hit by a hummmer. quincy mutual handled everything. it cost me nothing and my car is like new."
betsy mccarthy


"wonderful customer service very patient listened well and walked me through the whole process!"
robin macausland


"they are just wonderful and always answer your questions in a timely manner no run around very pleasant."
carolyn fleming


"juliet was very helpful, friendly and professional. she helped me with my concerns."
peter needham


"great insurance company. staff are helpful and knowledgeable."
maria c

 
 
 


leave us a review



 



serving your insurance needs since 1851.
the quincy mutual group has proudly provided consumers with insurance protection for more than 160 years. we continue
						to build on that tradition by using the knowledge and expertise of our employees and independent agents to meet your
						needs.
					











 
quick links
 careersterms of useprivacy policyhomepatrons oxfordcontact us

 
 
 
 
 









© copyright 2016 quincy mutual company all rights reserved.website developed by:
					tcc web interactive a division of
					 the computer company, inc.powered by 
					emanagersite - cms for business.








 ','auto');
					ga('send','pageview');
				




