
naturist place







naturist place
site map




  

unfortunately, most of the content on this site is quite old. some may
still be of interest, but a lot is rather out of date. there may eventually
be some updates when appropriate new material is developed.

in the meantime, the plan is to offer much new content in the form of
a blog. that's now up and running, and it can be found
here.
hopefully, there will be regular new posts to the blog with news and
useful information for naturists. updates to the main site will also
be announced there.

there was also a blog here, previously, in 2005-6. that has been
refreshed, and is now
here.
although much of the content there is also dated, some of it may still be
of interest.







new/changed on this site


young adults and naturism
links completely updated,
    november 19, 2005

naturist media reviews
added june 6, 2005

where to be naked in the u. s.
completely revised and updated, may 30, 2005

personal naturist page links
completely revised and updated, september 10, 2004

naturist/nudist slogans
added may 10, 2003

naturist sigs
added may 4, 2003

nakedness and nature
major update, february 15, 2003

favorite web sites
added september 16, 2002


quick index
favorite web sites
naturist media reviews
naturist/nudist sigs
naturist/nudist slogans & taglines
nakedness and nature
nnn: the nakedness, nudity, and naturism list
books on nudity and nakedness
body painting
the weekly nudesletter
quotations on nakedness and nudity
how to get started being naked
young adults and naturism
women's issues with nudity
a letter to wives from a nudist spouse
15 top reasons to be naked
naturism and hot springs
clothes-freedom at the burning man festival
first time experiences with nakedness
learning to be naked
humanistic naturism
nudity in science fiction
clothing optional reading
organized nudity
disorganized nudity
naturist guestbook directory
nakedness and the finnish sauna
nudity in ancient greece
403: forbidden - naturism
naturist/nudist events calendar - 1999

comprehensive naturist/nudist site list
where to be naked in the u. s.
where to be naked in canada
where to be naked in the world
other sites that link here


what the heck is this? a whole bunch of pages about people who
actually go around with no clothes on, just totally naked?

yes.

why?

because. well, you'd really have to try it to understand. something you
might be reluctant to do. so, maybe there's something here that will
provide some hints. some things to think about, anyhow.




featured pages

favorite naturist, nudist, and clothing-optional web sites

at one time the objective was to provide a list of every worthwhile
site or page on the web that dealt with general, nonsexual nudity.
now there are far too many sites to make that goal practical. besides,
with so many sites, it becomes impossible without assistance to find
the best ones. this page aims to provide that assistance.


naturist media reviews

looking for the best quality books, videos, dvds or other types of
media related to nudity and naturism? this guide will try to help.


naturist/nudist special interest groups

nudity is wonderful and all that, but it isn't everything in life!
just like anyone else, people who enjoy nudity have many diverse interests.
it might be fun to participate in one's other hobbies and recreational
interests without having to wear clothes, and in a group where everyone
else also enjoys nudity.


naturist/nudist slogans & taglines

make a public statement about your approval and support of nudity!
want to let everyone know in a (not so) subtle way you like nudity?
want to advertise your nudity-positive lifestyle?
want to start a conversation or find others of a similar inclination?
here are some slogans you can use on email, buttons, t-shirts, signs,
and bumper stickers.


nakedness and nature

we say "nakedness is natural", but have
we begun to think through all that means? in addition to a short essay,
some illuminating quotes and a little poetry, this page now has links
to a number of talented photographers who have sensitively interpreted
ideas about nudity in nature.


nnn: the nakedness, nudity, and naturism list

want to talk about the subject with others like yourself who range from
the interested but inexperienced to those who've been going naked all
their lives? this email discussion list is the place. proper naturist
etiquette is observed (except you don't need to have a towel), and
there's no picture trading, but other than that, common sense rules.


books on nakedness and nudity

are you ready for a lot more information on clothes freedom?
would you be interested in guide books to places you can be naked,
studies of the history and beliefs of naturism and nudism, or books dealing
with the psychology, sociology, and anthropology of nudity? how about
books that analyze and exhibit the treatment of nudity in photography
and art? if so, then here's where you can learn all about what's
available - and purchase them if you wish.


body painting

body painting is the art form most appropriate for naturists.
it's a form of expression
used by people who like to be naked to communicate feelings and ideas
about the human body by using the body itself as the canvas.




the weekly nudesletter

here's an edited, weekly (sometimes) newsletter all about non-sexual
nudity. this subject is now moving so rapidly, and receives so little
coverage from the usual "mainstream" news sources, that a newsletter
like this is the only way to keep up.

yes, new editions are not currently being published. but keep checking.
we haven't given up.



quotations on nakedness and nudity

do you think that it's a weird aberration to question the unqualified
need for wearing clothes? then have a look at some quotations from
respected voices from the past: people like
montaigne, john donne, michaelangelo, khalil gibran, martha graham,
katherine mansfield,
and others. (you'll find a lot of other food for thought as well on this
page of quotations.)




more about nudity...

it's customary, in our (north american) culture at the present time,
to give little thought to nudity as a subject for serious discussion.
if it's thought of at all, it is considered only with embarrassment
and the predisposition to suppose anyone who does take it seriously
is a bit eccentric, weird, or worse. but what if, just out of curiosity, we
do suspend these attitudes temporarily. we might learn something.

for those with a sense of possible growth, exploration, or adventure, then,
here are a few more things to think about.



how to get started being naked

is this just a case of trying to explain the obvious?



young adults and naturism

why young people should become more involved with clothes-freedom and
social nudity. how they can learn more to become involved.



women's issues with nudity
this page discusses a few issues that
arise for women in regard to nakedness, both organized and disorganized.
the discussion is intended to be of equal interest to men and women.



a letter to wives from a nudist spouse
this is a classic -- a nudist wife writes to reassure any
concerned woman who's husband has become interested in nudism.



15 top reasons to be naked

a list created by a young member of the federation of
canadian naturists, especially from a young person's point of view.



naturism and hot springs

natural geothermal hot springs are an excellent alternative to beaches
if you want to enjoy nudity in the outdoors, especially if you live
in the western u. s.



clothes-freedom at the burning man festival
the burning man festival is a celebration of art and imagination
in which everyone who attends is part of the entertainment.
it's a unique experiment with a society in which clothing really is optional.



first time experiences with nakedness
links to external pages that provide "first time" stories about
discovering the pleasures of nudity.



learning to be naked
readers write to tell their own stories of how they learned to enjoy nudity.



humanistic naturism

about the synergy between clothes-freedom and
a humanistic view of the world.



nudity in science fiction
a society where people can be naked in many
common situations seems like it would be so different from what we
know that it's almost like science fiction.
in fact, the job of science fiction and fantasy writers
is to envision alternative realities that are still plausible. and so
much the better if thinking about them helps us understand everyday
experience as it "really" is - or could be. is it surprising then
that science fiction has often dealt with people, and even societies,
that have learned to dispense with clothes, at least on occasion?



clothing optional readings
in most contemporary societies, nakedness is a topic that is even more
taboo than sex. thousands of books every year portray sex or examine it
in excruciating detail. only a handful deal with nakedness for its own
sake in an approving way, or even mention it except in connection with
sex. here are a few of them.



organized nudity

there are organizations for people who like to
be naked. with offices and mailing lists and lobbyists. they take
nudity seriously. read about them here.



disorganized nudity

you don't need to join an organization, of course.
it's quite possible to be naked at home, without any lessons
or practice at
all. just take your clothes off. many people do. and then
they put up web pages to tell about it. perhaps one of those pages
is how you happened to get here in the first place.

read here about nudity as a normal part of life for some people.
you might be rather surprised at how easily nakedness is compatible
with everyday life.



naturist guestbook directory

reading naturist/nudist web site guest books is an interesting way to
learn about other clothes-free web surfers. signing the guest books is
an easy way to let others find out about you.



nakedness and the finnish sauna

visit finland and (or) try a sauna - naked of course. learn something
about another culture where social nudity, in one particular context, is not
merely accepted, but usually expected.



nudity in ancient greece
the recent olympics have reminded many that nudity was common and
accepted in certain contexts in advanced societies other than our own.
this page discusses nudity in ancient greek society.



403: forbidden - naturism
this is an article i wrote for (the now defunct) internet underground
magazine for june 1997. if you know little or nothing about naturism,
it gives an overview that isn't too bad.



nakedness elsewhere...

are you ready to find out more about being naked, not just
seeing others naked? why should someone else have all the fun? here are
places to start.



world-wide naturism - comprehensive directory of naturist links
as far as i can tell, this is the largest list around - more than
1200 links. tell me
if you know any quality pages or sites that i've missed. ths
lists is organized into many categories, so it isn't too hard to find
things.

if you just want to find a place to be naked, the lists of links to
naturist organizations and places are now
organized geographically.



reciprocal links page
these are the nudist/naturist pages that link here. if you want to
meet a diversity of other people who like to be naked, this is a good
place to start. if have your own n/n page and want to trade links, just
let me know.









naturist
& nudist webring

previous site :
    random site :
    next site :
    list
sites

powered by webringo








please write!
i'm interested in intelligent comments and discussions
suggested by material here. drop me some
email if you feel like it.










copyright © 1995-2007, all rights reserved


