





home · katonah museum of art





















skip to content






katonah museum of art









get tickets


join


kmaa






search site











visit



plan your visit
hours
getting here
area guide
group visits
accessibility




exhibitions



current exhibitions
upcoming exhibitions
past exhibitions




events


learn



learning center
adults
families
educators
collaborate




support



membership
donate
partnerships
volunteer




about



mission and land acknowledgement
museum history
board leadership
director's circle
careers
annual reports and financials
our team
press
contact us















katonah museum of art















katonah museum of art - home


currently on view

young artists 2025february 9 - march 2, 2025this annual exhibition of high school seniors' artwork gives aspiring artists an opportunity to work behind-the-scenes to produce a kma exhibition. students take on the roles of graphic designer, curator, exhibition designer, art installer, and artist as they collaborate with museum professionals to mount the exhibition. learn morelooking inside: voices from the bedford hills correctional facilityfebruary 9 - march 2, 2025view poetry created by writers from the bedford hills correctional facility as part of kma’s building bridges: prison arts initiative.learn more 
upcoming exhibitions

ali banisadr: the alchemistmarch 16 - june 29, 2025ali banisadr: the alchemist is the first major u.s. museum survey of the brooklyn-based, iranian-born artist ali banisadr. organized by the katonah museum of art (kma), this exhibition encompasses nearly twenty years of the artist’s singular practice, from 2006 to the present, across the mediumsof painting, drawing, and printmaking. sculpture, a new direction for the artist, will be presented for the first time.learn morethe artist’s laboratorymarch 16 - june 29, 2025experience our interactive space inspired by the magic, science, and wonder in ali banisadr’s work.learn moreshen wei: still/movingoctober 19, 2025 - january 25, 2026shen wei: still/moving commemorates thirty years of shen wei’s visionary career as a dancer, choreographer, visual artist, and global cultural ambassador. the exhibition, an unprecedented joint presentation between the katonah museum of art and the pocantico center of the rockefeller brothers fund, will illuminate the full scope of the artist’s practice, offering viewers rare access to his paintings, films, new choreographic works, and video highlights of the shen wei dance arts repertoire.learn more 
events





young artists 2025 exhibition celebrationmarch 1, 2025




raffle: enter to win 2 kma gala and auction ticketsmarch 14, 2025




kma gala and auctionmarch 28, 2025
view all events 




 

learn with us learn with us 
the katonah museum of art offers exciting programs, events, and educational resources for learners of all ages. 




adults 




families 




school tours 







 

visit learn more 
experience the transformational power of art at the katonah museum of art.  




plan your visit 




directions 




explore 








about us accredited by the american alliance of museums, the katonah museum of art originates three to four exhibitions annually, covering a broad range of art and humanities topics. learn more 
 


 
become a member the kma needs you! members play a critical role in helping care for the museum and enjoy unlimited free admission, special viewing access, and other benefits. consider becoming a member—help inspire a new generation of artists and make the impact of art accessible to all. 
join now 

   




katonah museum of art



location
134 jay street
katonah, ny 10536
ph: (914) 232-9555


hours


sunday:
12pm - 5pm


monday:
closed
 president's day 

tuesday:
closed


wednesday:
12pm - 5pm


thursday:
12pm - 5pm


friday:
12pm - 5pm


saturday:
10am - 5pm






visit
exhibitions
events
learn
support
about





follow the kma

    
join our newsletter















press room
contact us
the kma logo



museum website by byte




























