



texas a&m texarkana | texas a&m texarkana


















skip to page content

  

menu





search our website


submit

 
 apply 
faculty & staff
alumni & friends
give
 
about

visit us
administrative offices
academic affairs
business office
compliance
environmental, health and safety
human resources
information technology
mission statement
rules and procedures
sacscoc accreditation
university advancement
university police department


admissions

enrollment services
financial aid
freshman admissions
graduate admissions
international student admissions
meet the recruiters
registrar
returning student admissions
transfer student admissions
veteran services
partnerships
scholarship opportunities
new student orientation


academics

academic affairs
academic calendar
academic programs
online academic programs
advising & career experience (ace center)
certifications
certificate programs
colleges and schools
school of professional education and community engagement (pece)
honors college
john f. moss library
pre-professional programs
program for learning & community engagement (place)
rellis campus
research
tamut catalog
testing center


student life

campus housing
campus recreation
clubs and organizations
patterson student center
student affairs
student counseling services


student resources

charlotte sharp eagle food pantry
complaints
counseling services
disability services
eagle book bundle
eagle bookstore
eagle connect
eagle learning center
eagleeye newspaper
eaglesync
first year experience
pathways program
red river innovation lab
technology innovation and digital education (tide)
trio student services
center for financial literacy and investment


athletics

athletic schedule
athletics staff


quick links

academic calendar
ace mail
bookstore
canvas
catalog
current schedule
digital backpack
directory
john f. moss library
outlook email
pay your tuition
tuition calculator
web for students



























start your journey today!


apply to a&m-texarkana
visit our campus
request more information










soar at a&m-texarkana 



wherever you are in life, a&m-texarkana has the degree option for you. start your journey now and become part of the eagle family.

 

select the student type that fits you best.

 


undergraduate student    graduate student
 




international student
transfer student




















we are a&m-texarkana!



the first choice university for learners across a career and throughout a lifetime.

 flexible.   meeting you where you are – on-campus and online.
 reputable.   degrees that lead directly to high paying jobs in our region.
 attainable.   providing a respected a&m degree with little or no debt.

we think big, we dream big, and we do big

 workforce  focused and workforce aligned.
 economic development  leader and driving force for community solutions.
corporate and  community partner  serving adult and executive learners.

your pathway to success!
get in touch today and learn how we can help you achieve your career goals!
 learn more today! 





















                                alumni feature - ellie kemins
                            

ellie is a 2018 graduate of texas a&m university-texarkana and a former member of the eagles soccer team. ellie received a bachelor’s degree in business administration and is employed as an account manager with pharma nobis in texarkana. originally from southlake carroll, texas, ellie chose a&m-texarkana because she wanted to be a part of the women’s soccer team and to be a part of the history of eagles athletics. “i also loved how everyone was very welcome and made you feel at home as soon as you stepped on campus.”


read more











                                alumni feature - donnie spriggs
                            

meet donnie spriggs. donnie is a texarkana area native who graduated from redwater high school in 2013. donnie graduated from texas a&m university-texarkana in 2021 with a bachelor of applied arts and sciences degree (which has since been reformatted and renamed as the bachelor of science in leadership degree).


read more











                                alumni feature - katie slamer
                            

meet katie slamer, texas a&m university-texarkana alumna and the university police department’s newest full-time police officer. a 2024 graduate with a bachelor’s degree in criminal justice, katie was already working for the university as a police cadet, and enrolled at the police academy immediately after graduating. she graduated from the academy on october 10, 2024, and was sworn into service as a police officer 5 days later. while at the academy she won the top gun award for having the highest marksmanship scores in her class.


read more











                                alumni feature - alex and lydia oviedo
                            

both lydia and alex left an indelible mark on the university and the eagle tennis program. they were very active within the campus community and were prominent fixtures at campus events for more than 7 years. tennis coach jim turley added “alex and lydia helped make us the program we are today. they are great players, great leaders, and great people.”
thank you, alex, and lydia oviedo, for all you brought to the a&m-texarkana community. we will miss your presence here but know you will find much success in your future endeavors. #soar eagles.


read more











                                faculty feature - dr. lisa myers
                            

                              there’s an old adage that says you need to believe in what you’re selling. a&m-texarkana faculty member dr. lisa myers does just that. lisa is the director of the bachelor of applied arts and sciences program (baas) and lecturer in adult education and leadership studies at the university. what she’s selling, to anyone within earshot, is the transformative power of higher education.
                            

read more









upcoming events
loading events...

more events





tamut news

      loading news...
    

more news





















facebook




twitter




youtube





instagram





7101 university avenue
texarkana, texas 75503
phone: (903) 223-3000
 
employment opportunities
a-z index
accessibility
accreditation
compact with texans
counseling center
empoweru
legal notice
online institutional resumes
privacy statement
public information/open records
risk, fraud & misconduct hotline texas a&m university system
state of texas
statewide link policies
statewide search
tamus contract management handbook
texas crews
texas homeland security
texas veterans portal
title ix
trademarks



© texas a&m university texarkana | all rights reserved





