






learn about hawaii's big island | bigisland.org






























































 



















		skip to content














 





homefoodbeachesshoppingrentalsculturescenic viewsactivitiesmenu toggle

water and sport hiking
 




search for:





search
 










 











 







main menu

 









homefoodbeachesshoppingrentalsculturescenic viewsactivitiesmenu toggle

water and sport hiking
 



 













explore the big island

start here



hawaii is not a state of mind but a state of grace.
– paul theroux


latest posts

 
great running on the big island



 


thinking of running on the big island. just because you are on and island doesn’t mean you can’t get your runs in. if you are looking for some…				

read more


 
 


carlsmith beach park – the best swimming spot in hilo



 


the best swimming spot in hilo is carlsmith beach park. several tranquil and windswept beach parks line the four-mile-long kalanianaole street east of hilo’s main downtown intersection, and…				

read more


 
 


hapuna beach – big island’s largest white sand beach



 


an uninterrupted half-mile of fine white sand waits for kona-side beachgoers at hapuna beach, a long stretch of pristine, sun-drenched shoreline and electric blue water sandwiched between rocky…				

read more








want to move to hawaii?

learn about what it takes to move the the big island–one of the most beautiful (and expensive) states to live in. is it worth it? we think so! read our guide and find out for yourself:

read the guide







get to know the big island
the best restaurants. the best beaches. the most scenic spots and the biggest secrets. learn all about the state of hawaii’s biggest island:

learn more






























big island information

 







the big island, mapped



 

					no comments				


the big island earned its nickname because it is, you guessed it – big. this…				

read more


 







the importance of island ecotourism in hawaii



 

					no comments				


in our ever-expanding world, all of its many wonders seem to exist only an arm’s…				

read more


 







the big island and beyond: a guide to hawaiian airports (updated 2022)



 

					no comments				


flying into hawaii will fill every traveler with excitement and happiness. aloha awaits as soon…				

read more









 







 









contact info:
email: team@bigisland.org
 





 









copyright © 2025 bigisland.org
 






























