  law office of john teakell - #1 criminal defense attorney in dallas texas   
  

skip to content		

 homeaboutblogpracticeswhite collarcomputer crimesdrug casesgun violationsfirearms smugglingtax violationshealth care fraudtheft / embezzlementforfeitures / licensesalien smugglingsec cases / state securities boardfederal casesfederal case locationsmediacase resultscontact us
homeaboutblogpracticeswhite collarcomputer crimesdrug casesgun violationsfirearms smugglingtax violationshealth care fraudtheft / embezzlementforfeitures / licensesalien smugglingsec cases / state securities boardfederal casesfederal case locationsmediacase resultscontact uscall now

 
(214) 523-9076



facebook
 



linkedin
 



youtube
 
federal criminal defense attorney and texas trial lawyer
john teakell rigorously defends individuals charged with federal crimes and texas felonies.

 

former federal prosecutor						

 

former state prosecutor						

 

voted super lawyers for 16 years						

 

leaders in law						

 

global 100						

 

criminal law expert - 2025						

 

rated nation's top 1% of attorneys						

 

top 100 lawyers						

 

national trial lawyers association top trial attorneys in texas 2007 - 2024						

 

highlighted in forbes and fortune magazines						

 

top ten visionaries of tomorrow						

 

top 10 leading lawyers of 2024						why choose john teakell?john teakell has a focused criminal law and securities background with over 20 years of court room experience. he has a thorough knowledge of both federal and state crimes and both federal and state court systems. he has handled thousands of cases ranging from misdemeanors to federal death penalty cases. there is no case too complex for mr. teakell to manage. during his time as being a criminal defense attorney, he has not only obtained impeccable results but has also gained respect from fellow defense attorneys and prosecutors as well as many of the judges in both the state and federal courts. he has focused his practice on white collar crimes, drug crimes, violent crimes, sex crimes, and sec suits.mr. teakell is known for his ability for attention to detail. that type of trait is most important when evaluating facts of the case and coming up with a defense strategy. he is a compassionate person who will take the time to explain all the facts, phases, and processes as he leads you through this time.mr. teakell proves to be a man of integrity who will use his experience and knowledge to fight in your defense.



more media


what i dopractice areas



 

white collar & fraud cases						
white collar crimes are typically financially motivated, but non-violent. crimes under this categorization may include embezzlement, fraud, and sec violations.

 

computer crimes						
a computer crime occurs when a computer or network is used during the commission or execution of a crime. people who commit cybercrime are typically emotionally or financially motivated. this type of crime puts the victim’s security and financial health at risk.

 

drug cases						
drug charges can fall under possession, manufacturing, distribution, or abuse. these charges can be elevated if found in conjunction with organized or violent crime.

 

gun violations						
texas is pro-gun, however you must still adhere to certain regulations or face charges. common gun crimes include unlawful possesion and carrying, trafficking illegal firearms, and improper licensing.

 

tax violations						
people accused of tax violations are typically charged with either tax evasion or tax fraud. tax law encompasses all laws, procedures, and regulations that occur in the taxation process.

 

health care fraud						
this type of fraud can affect anyone working in the healthcare industry. however, anyone who submits falsified information to collect treatments or payment can be charged with health care fraud.


more practice areas

why  those charged with serious crimes contact criminal defense attorney john teakellanyone charged with a texas state felony or federal crime risks losing their freedom and livelihoods.the law office of john teakell defends clients facing criminal charges such as fraud and conspiracy to commit fraud, mail fraud, wire fraud, securities charges, computer crimes, drug charges, gun cases, identity theft, medicare / medicaid fraud, tax evasion, money laundering, cell phone prosecutions, and all other matters related to federal criminal defense in texas and other federal courts.


more about us

john r. teakell has years of experience as a federal prosecutor and defense attorney. he has received numerous honors for his work and has been highlighted by prestigious publications for his wins on federal cases. 


federal cases




 check out what john teakell states about bicycler murder trial that’s upcoming in austin.


learn more

teakell's interview at cbn austin


in another article, john teakell was quoted in this cbs-austin interview regarding shootings and murder charges.
learn more
in an upcoming trial, john teakell was quoted in this cbs-austin regarding controversial trial of ex-deputies in televised death case starts without black jurors.
learn morejohn teakell also in an article from international business times publication:criminal defense attorney john r. teakell harnesses diverse experience to ensure defendants’ rights are protectedlearn morejohn teakell is featured on:

more info						

more info						

more info						

more info						

more info						

more info						

more info						

more info						

more info						

more info						texas monthly magazine for 2024 texas superlawyers


 

 

 award winning















what clients say

★★★★★ 5/5the best lawyer i’ve used. he gets results and dose what he says he will do. my lawyer for life should i ever need one again. just great results!troy bowen★★★★★ 5/5john is very patient and understanding man! he took the time to answer all my questions. john really goes out of his way to ensure that you’re on the same page. i’d highly recommend him!! look no further!marco★★★★★ 5/5i had the pleasure of working with john teakell on several occasions.  he saved the family and came to our rescue concerning our family crisis.  i recommend his service for all your legal needs.sharon jacksonlatest law news



the exceptional legal career of john r. teakell				
september 5, 2024								
a recent article in u.s. business news highlights the extraordinary legal career of john r. teakell, an esteemed attorney in dallas known for his unwavering commitment to defending rights and…

exposing the complexities of tax violations: key defenses and legal consequences				
august 28, 2024								
tax violations are serious offenses that can lead to severe legal consequences, including hefty fines, imprisonment, and the loss of professional licenses. understanding the complexities of tax laws and the…

understanding gun violations and the law: navigating federal and state regulations				
august 28, 2024								
gun violations can lead to severe legal consequences, including fines, imprisonment, and the loss of the right to own firearms. understanding the complexities of gun laws is crucial for anyone…have a challenging case? get a free consultation by our experts today!




book your free consultation!

about john teakelljohn teakell began his legal career in 1985. he has broad experience as both a state and federal prosecutor and as defense counsel and has handled thousands of cases ranging from misdemeanors to federal death penalty cases. john r. teakell 


  

quicklinkshomeaboutpracticesfederal casescase resultscontact me


facebook
 



linkedin
 



youtube
 


 

office location						
2911 turtle creek blvd suite 300 
dallas, texas 75219

 

contact						
phone: 214-523-9076 
fax: 214-523-9077

 

email						
jteakell@teakelllaw.comcopyright © 2024 the law office of john r. teakell – all rights reserved. disclaimer | privacy policybased in dallas, texas, our law firm serves clients in dallas county, collin county and the surrounding areas. | powered by rise local
        




