






la bella spa - where life is beautiful! - merritt island, fl






















































 







want to feel better? more energized?  more youthful?  schedule your free  longeviti lab wellness consult today!    shine your light this holiday! beauty and wellness treatments, programs and packages help you look and feel your very best!  get your electronic gift certificates here! 
book now gift certificates homeadvanced skin treatments & facialswellness programsspa day resort experiencesla bella gatheringscellbiologix cellular therapyphoto gallerycontact
give the gift of beauty! select a gift certificate value below to get started.

select gift certificate amount$2000$1500$1000$750$500$450$400$350$300$250$200$150$100$75$50$25
select added gratuity25%20%18%no gratuity

buy gift certificate now

gift certificate/gift card policy
gift cards and electronic gift certificates may not be refunded under any circumstances. lost or stolen gift cards/certificates may not be redeemed under any circumstances. electronic gift certificates must be printed and presented upon check-in.
are you ready to indulge in the most results-oriented health, wellness and beauty treatments imaginable? look no further than la bella, where we have redefined self-care with our exquisite range of services. we are thrilled to introduce our convenient and user-friendly online scheduling platform to make your experience even more seamless.
📅 schedule many la bella services online – your path to the “beautiful life” awaits!
💳 secure payment: a credit card is required to secure online reservations. please review the cancellation policy below, to avoid cancellation fees.
book now
please be advised that canceled reservations and “no shows” are charged 100% of service/package value if these events take place within the cancellation window.  please note, changes to reservations must take place during spa hours as voice mails, texts or email cancellations are not permitted

individual service 2 business day advance notice required
multiple services 3 business day advance notice required
2 or more guests 5 business day advance notice required

📅 please note, salon services, spa packages and clinical services may be scheduled with our guest service department during business hours at 321.453.1510.  for group scheduling, visit la bella gatherings to submit your scheduling requests.
(321) 453-1510









discover more 
								revive. relax. reinvent. 
								
the art of renewal begins
within this sanctuary of
award-winning spa therapies.  
								
 


discover more 
								
be renewed. 
								
discover the longeviti lab
wellness experience where
ancient wisdom and 21st 
century innovation unite. 
								
 


discover more 
								youth recaptured. 
								

la bella is proud to present the
most innovative anti-aging and
therapeutic skin health offerings. 
								
 





welcome to your destination for anti aging, longevity, beauty and revitalization. for nearly half a century, la bella has served thousands of patrons across the world with award-winning services and unique therapies that help you look and feel your absolute best. the trilogy of our spa day resort, medesthetix face and body rejuvenation, and longeviti lab holistic wellness programs, deliver everything you need within this legendary sanctuary. located on the space coast of florida and serving merritt island, rockledge, viera, cocoa, cape canaveral, cocoa beach, port st. john and titusville communities, we welcome you and your guests to la bella, where life is beautiful.

featured in
 

 



 



 



 



 



 



 

 





https://labellaspa.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/11/la-bella-spa-_4eh_jkrp5g-1080pp-1700265271.mp4

give the gift of la bella
gift certificates for any occasion. give the gift of beauty, health and wellness to your loved ones.
shop nowla bella perks
sign up for la bella vip access to new experiences, birthday and anniversary gifts and more
 












 

la bella keeps me going. once a month isn’t enough.
mark g.rockledge, fl 



i work out and run recreationally. massages here are superb and help with recovery!
jack l.cocoa beach, fl 



highly recommend their spa pedicures. a relaxing environment with high sanitation standards and true professionals.
vicki f.cape canaveral, fl 



i’m addicted to skin therapies and have enjoyed many within the medesthetix collection at la bella. my go-to options are collagen induction, illumafirme and photo rejuvenation. my skin glows and i always get compliments!
giselle d.viera, fl 



a true jewel of the space coast! their longevity speaks for itself. 
magda m.merritt island, fl 



i’ve discovered a new verb: “cocooning”.  no one does it like the spa day resort at la bella. their spa cocoon is ultra relaxing and the perfect moment!
roxanne p.titusville, fl 



describing the invincible package is difficult for words. energy balancing with high tech and an extremely knowledgeable staff helped me to feel myself again, just transformed.  i drive to brevard just for this. thankful!
laris b.west palm beach, fl 



i’ve traveled the world and can attest to la bella being the absolute best!
elise a.winter park, fl 



love the cellulite and firming treatments. the staff is amazing!
joyce t.titusville, fl 



love my lashes! the technician was informative and very enthusiastic about different looks to meet my needs.
sienna w.cocoa beach, fl 



my friends and i came for the “retreat to the waters” package. i think it was the best vacation experience i ever had anywhere!
rhonda w.franklin, tn 



love coming with my wife and enjoying our time together with such a great staff!
joseph rmelbourne, fl 

 




the science of staying young
medesthetix at la bella proudly features the luxe science advanced cellular dermologie range of youth preservation clinical skin care.
every product offers unique results-driven and award winning actives to support new collagen formation, remedy environmental stressors and impart supreme moisture for the ultimate youth glow!

shop luxe science
get smooth with permanent hair removal
discover state of the art energy-based solutions for permanent hair removal. ideal for face and body zones for both men and women, progressively offering permanent hair reduction so you don’t have to shave or wax!
we offer both laser hair removal and electrolysis. contact us for a complimentary consultation.

schedule now
be transformed with cellbiologix™
experience new vitality with bio-active cell complexes for ultimate wellness. introduced by legendary swiss physician dr. paul niehans, cellbiologix profoundly supports biological and cellular defenses by harnessing the extraordinary properties of young living cells from porcine: now realized in the ﬁnest and most innovative european laboratories for healthy aging.

learn more
feel sexy with body worx
firm, tighten and tone effectively with our body contouring and cellulite programs. featuring both energy-based technology and holistic therapy to stimulate lymph, replenish minerals and create lypolysis to tone, tighten and smooth for a more pleasing shape. our body worx consultants provide you with results-oriented lifestyle and nutritional tips that support your goals naturally and safely.

schedule now
airlift – your quick fix to total chill!
pure ambient 02 combines with organic herbal infusions for an instant spring in your step. choices include exhilarating eucalyptus, calming lavender, joyful citrus and more! also includes an audio “sound bath” and organic wellness beverage shot too!
enhancements include:

instant stress buster
instant calm and mental clarity
awesome add-on to any treatment experience
great to do with two of your bffs

book a service
beauty begins at our image center 
la bella offers highly requested enhancement and grooming services for hair, lashes, brows and make-up applications. we recommend reserving a complimentary consultation with an image center consultant who can customize based on your personal features and style.
enhancements include:

waxing
lash and brow tinting
lash lifting and extensions
professional makeup application
salon services

book a service



 





























come together and experience la bella for all of your special occasions.
discover more


homeaboutspa menumedesthetix med spawhat’s newbook an apptget directionsla bella gatheringsbook an appointmentcontactgift certificatesgalleryknow before you goprivacy policyterms of usejoin our teamjoin la bella’s email list!
 













3505 n. courtenay pkwy.
merritt island, fl 32953
321.453.1510 | email us

© 2023 la bella spa. all rights reserved.
homeaboutspa menumedesthetix med spawhat’s newla bella gatheringsbook an appointmentcontactgift certificatesgalleryknow before you goprivacy policyterms of usejoin our teambook an apptget directionsjoin la bella’s email list!
 











3505 n. courtenay pkwy.
merritt island, fl 32953
321.453.1510 | email us

© 2023 la bella spa. all rights reserved.

 menu


















































