


adult affiliate program - yanks cash


































home
features
payouts
contact
sign up
log in


















a leader in amateur porn



                              since 2002 we have produced original, high quality amateur porn for our straight and gay fans. 
                            
sign up nowlearn more












our reputation preceeds us 



                              yankscash has been amateur leader for 14+ years because we act ethically and treat people right. this holds true for everyone we interact with: from our models, to our always paid affiliates and of course the customers we find together. 
                            
sign up now












a complete company 



                              starting in june 2016 a portion of the proceeds from every new yanks.com sale goes to call to safety, an organization that fights domestic and sexual violence. we're proud to be able to give back. 
                            
sign up now












vr porn is here!



                             taking our content and our user experience to an entirely new level, yanksvr is here.  this will be a great money-making opportunity for you. 
                            
sign up now



























yankscash is the
                            amateur adult affiliate program that you aren’t yet promoting. sign up now for:
                
 reliable payouts:  since 2002 and through the ups and downs we have always paid our affiliates, always. 
fantastic content:  our flagship site yanks.com consistently ranks in the top ten for amateur websites on all major review sites. 
stellar end-user customer service:  people love to buy what we make and we treat them in a way that makes them stay.
 philanthropy: with every yanks.com sale you send, we give back to the community. this support comes from our end, not yours. we sell porn that truly makes a difference. 












our sites:




100% exclusive -  high quality content, updated daily











yanks.com






clubstroke.net






yanksvr.com
















we make great content


                    we keep our members active and provide you with the tools you need to sell, including:
                  



























galleries
our high quality exclusive content in clean crisp well designed galleries sells memberships.  photo or video, we have what you need. 





banners
we have hundreds of banners of all sizes. need something specialized?  just ask and we will get you the size and style that fits your campaign. 





campaigns
segmenting and tracking your traffic is key to seeing an roi on your efforts. our advanced affiliate software gives you exactly what you need to know what is working and what you can improve upon. 





content
access to the product is a necessity as an affiliate. we will provide that to you with simple to follow guidelines that allow your creativity plus our product to shine through and make sales. 





advanced statistics
yankscash always runs the latest version of nats, the industry standard bearer for affiliate programs. 





personalized support
don’t see what you need or have a question about how to best sell us? contact us anytime and we will get back to you quickly with advice, suggestions and promotional assets. 
















make money with yankscash

 sign up now








we convert and retain, but more importantly and since 2002, we pay

payout options
payouts are made on the 1st and 15th of every month, on time, every time. choose the payout option that works best for your company:








checks
checks sent directly to you.








paxum
an easy and convenient way to receive your yankscash payouts.








domestic wires
wires available for our us affiliates.








paypal
payments sent to your paypal account.






sign up now


























































terms
support
affiliate agreement
spam policy
member of the free speech coalition
18 u.s.c. 2257 record-keeping requirements compliance statement





live the dream






yankscash.com © 








































