




rocky mountain software inc., vancouver bc british columbia canada














































 




 



       

 

 

 
 
 
 
 




















internet backup ~ database programming ~ web hosting ~ web design & development
rocky mountain webbackuptm
automated internet backup service for your pc



 
 

the rocky mountain 
        webbackup™ service is a complete, automated internet backup service for your pc, using state-of-the-art enterprise backup software.  
        backups are performed during the night, during other idle times, or on demand with a single click, via  high speed connection over 
        the internet.some features of our backup service: 


 
 
 
 



fully automatic
backups are completely automated, requiring no user interaction at all, if desired.


off-site storage
in the event of fire, theft or other damage to your computers in your place of business, your data is safely stored off-site in a secure 
        location.


you define the backup schedule
you  set the frequency of the backups to just about any combination you want; daily, 
        selected days of the week, weekly or selected days of the month.


you define which files to include or exclude
the backup client software comes preconfigured to back up most data files on all local hard drives. you can easily modify the 
        default settings to change which files and folders are included or excluded from the backup process.


restore files & folders easily using windows explorer
the backup client software creates a new “backups” folder item in windows explorer. to restore selected files and folders, simply open 
        this folder, highlight the desired items, and click “restore”. you can restore the files or folders to the original location, or 
        to an alternate location on your hard drive. see the screenshot here.


full audit trail
you can view the status and complete listings of previous backup processes by pressing the history button. this listing 
        includes information on each file processed and when. see the screenshot here.


30 day money back guarantee



if you're not completely satisfied, you can cancel your webbackup account within 30 days of the account's activation and 
        receive a 100% refund of all fees paid.click here for more information.




click to view


spam filtering for your email
we have now implemented a sophisticated spam email filtering system on our email servers.  each subscriber's email is analyzed 
    according to thousands of filtering algorithms, and if the email reaches a certain 'score', it is marked as "spam" in the email subject line.
the marked email is downloaded by your email program as usual, but is instantly and transparently diverted to your trash folder, 
    or to a special folder that you can review periodically. for example, our server-based spam filters transform


this:
 
subject: online pharmacy - buy drugs online


 
 
subject: blooooock spaaaaam from your inbooooox


 
 
 


to this:
 
subject: spam (31.4): online pharmacy - buy drugs online


 
 
subject: spam (25.6): blooooock spaaaaam from your inbooooox


click here for more information and to subscribe to this service.

database design, programming, implementation & support


borland delphi

visual basic

microsoft access

microsoft foxpro

computer associates ca-visual objects

computer associates ca-clipper (legacy systems)    


internet systems design, implementation & support 


web site design

integrated web hosting services 

web-based email services

php, perl, python programming

ecommerce solutions

list servers 










is your anti-virus program 
          up-to-date?
          are your anti-virus definitions completely up-to-date?
          have you done a complete hard disk backup recently?








 

            your external ip address is: n/a  



 



 

          rockymtn webmail
remember that in addition to using 
          outlook, eudora, or any other email program, 
          you can access your rocky mountain software email accounts from any 
          internet computer in the world. this is available with all web hosting 
          accounts at no extra charge.


 



 

          we've just upgraded to delphi enterprise, and are very excited about the possibilities 
          with this new and powerful software development program!we've also added the raize 
          codesight debugger to our systems, which vastly improves our 
          ability to isolate and eliminate  program errors.






       








home
 
contact us
 
web backup
 
web hosting
 
email login
 spam filtering
 
about us
 
products
 
support
 
technical reference
 
links
 
search
 
feedback form


      top of page
















questions or problems regarding this web site should be directed to 



. 
copyright © 1997-2021   
rocky mountain software inc.    all rights reserved.
 



