









jim's global removals service - removal companies swindon - house moving




















































jim's global removals service






 








menu

 


home
about us
moving
contact us
privacy policy











archives 


top tips for choosing a good moving service to relocate homes




									most of us dread the thought of moving house. not only can the process be extremely stressful and time and labor-intensive, but it can also be very expensive. this is not to mention the many safety risks involved, especially when moving large and heavy items. this is mainly why most people turn to professional moving companies as they help to make the moving process much smoother, less stressful, safer, and in some cases, less expensive.

however, all this can only be achieved by choosing a reputable and reliable professional moving company. considering that you will be entrusting them with all your property and valuable belongings, this isn’t a decision that you can make lightly. the company you choose will have a huge impact on the success of your move. you definitely want your things to reach your new location safely, on time, and with little hiccups. you also don’t want to be hit with any surprise bills and expenses.

there have been many horror stories of people’s experiences with unprofessional moving companies. to avoid becoming part of the statistics, there are several important factors that you need to consider before making your final decision.

in this article, we have provided some expert tips for choosing a good moving company for your upcoming move.
seek referrals and recommendations
word of mouth has always been a great way of separating the wheat from the chaff. ask for recommendations from your family members, friends, and colleagues. they can provide some useful information about companies that they have used before. if they had a good experience with a particular company, they will definitely recommend that company. they will also advise you to avoid companies that they’ve had a less than positive experience with.

you shouldn’t also fear to ask the company to provide you with a list of referrals. the experience of previous clients will help give you an insight into what to expect from the company.
work with a fully licensed and insured company
have you done a check on the moving company you are planning to use? under no circumstances should you work with removal companies that are not licensed or insured. if anything, this should be the bare minimum requirement. licensing helps to ensure that you are working with actual experts and not just another entity masquerading as a professional moving company.

liability insurance helps to cover your property should anything get lost or damaged. on the other, workers’ compensation insurance helps to protect you from any liability should an employee be injured n your property.
check for professional accreditations
it is always to work with a moving service that is accredited with the relevant trade associations. this is an easy way to identify a trustworthy and reputable company. you should avoid companies listed under a residential name as they may not be fully qualified for the job or are untrustworthy.

in the uk, there are a number of trade associations that vet and accredit moving companies. the most notable of these is the british association of removers (bar). however, there are still other notable associations, including the national guild of removers, the road haulage association, and others.

if the company you are interested in has a current professional accreditation with any of these associations, it will most likely live up to its marketing claims.
ask for written estimates
to avoid any future inconveniences and frustrations, you should request a written estimate from all your shortlisted companies. a detailed written estimate will help you understand what each aspect of the move costs and help you get an idea of the total cost of the moving process. you should look out for any hidden costs and issue concerns early enough.

you will also be able to effectively compare the prices of each company. however, you shouldn’t rush for the cheapest company without proper consideration as the low prices may translate to low-quality services and increased risks.
specialty moving
in case you have any specialty items such as pianos, pool tables, antique items, large tv screens, and other items that require special handling and delivery, you need to ensure that the company has the appropriate experience and equipment to safely handle and transport these items. thus, it is important to first find out if the company you are hiring offers specialty moving.

so there you have it, some of the most important factors to consider when choosing a moving service. hopefully, this guide will go a long way in helping ensure that your move is as smooth and stress-free as possible. remember, the success of your move relies heavily on the moving company you choose.

why not watch this video about roberts experience moving.								




 




…			

relocating a business to new premises requires proper planning and executiona business must have the right premises to conduct its business. it needs to be convenient for both its staff and clients to visit, there must be adequate space to house its staff comfortably, it needs to be well lit and ventilated, and must have some scope for expansion.
it is when one or more of these factors start inconveniencing the business, that the necessity may arise for its relocation to a better place. the relocation may also be a result of expiry of a lease. such relocations may also come about because moving to another state can make for better financial sense because of the tax and other incentives offered. the need for better infrastructure so that it does not impede shipping of goods, better public transportation facilities, and uninterrupted power are often reasons for a business having to relocate.
running your business from a new location can be exciting and if you have moved into a larger space, both employees and visitor will benefit. any move, however, must be one that is done seamlessly and without in anyway interrupting the business operations. preparing a business for moving its premises needs proper planning and forethought. it has to start with first locating the new space, depending on the requirements that take all the above mentioned factors into consideration. the price or lease rent has to be one that the business can sustain in the long run. once the location is finalized, it is important that the new space is visited and its present condition and environment assessed. if any changes are required, steps must be taken to make the needed modifications well before you plan to move to the new business space.
it is now necessary to develop an office layout in the new premises, that takes into consideration the requirements of each department, for office space, electricity outlets, communication and other things that need to be taken into consideration. telephone lines, power lines, arrangements for internet connections and all other infrastructure that an office needs must be assessed and put in place. all stationery and business cards must be updated to include the new address. these changes also need to be communicated to all parties that the business normally deals with. if found necessary these changes must also be advertised in trade magazines and local papers so that the knowledge is out for everyone to understand. you may also need to create new signage for the new premises, both inside and outside.
now, that you have made all the necessary arrangements in the new office space where you would be relocating, it is time to plan the move itself. start with making an inventory of all the items in your present office , and start discarding things that are not really necessary. this includes old furniture, documents that are no longer required, and other items that may have no use in the new premises. this must be done systematically, and listed for purposes of any financial needs. this may be the right time to replace old uncomfortable chairs and arrange for those that are ergonomic.
you now need to make a schedule for the moving. the timeline must be realistic and doable. inform this date to all staff and employees, so that they are prepared for the move in any way that they need. visit the new location agan, and make sure that it is ready to be occupied, and has all the necessary infrastructure in place. make sure that you give enough time for the move, so that they can sort out their stuff and arrange for its packing well in advance. you will need to arrange for packing supplies well before this and see that it is available to anyone who needs it.
arrange for the packers and transporters and inform them of the schedule. take advantage of weekends and holidays for the packing, shifting and moving. prepare proper lists of all items and see that they are properly labelled. make a plan for unloading each of the packed items in the places where they are meant to be. this can save time for unpacking and setting up the office again. moving computers and setting them up is an important thing that needs attention.
start your move and get your new office working as soon as possible.… 

welcome one & all!i’m jim!
i’m a career long house moving  professional who has been dealing with home removals for over 20 years now. this is my little blog i’ve decided to start to write about my thoughts and ideas about how to move a home or business correctly.
and to also share the best diy cleaning tips and hacks. now, do keep in mind nothing beat proper professional deep stemoving company to get a fresh start when moving. but there are a lot of diy methods that are pretty damn effective to reduce the stress of moving if you implement them correctly.
– jimmy!… 



 




 




copyright globalautoindex.com 



 





















