






moore catholic high school
































moore catholic high school






{"text":"welcome to moore catholic high school. home of the mavericks!","delay":"35"}





















moore catholic high school







+about us»office of the president and principal»moore at a glance»history and mission»board of trustees»employment opportunities+admissions»requirements»maverick for a day»tuition and financial assistance»tachs admissions test»scholarship application class of 2029- closed»acceptance fee»class of 2029 registration fee»bas summer program fee+academics»academic departments»college corner»graduation requirements»presentation scholars academy+students»bell schedules»clubs and activities»summer assignments»school uniforms»lunch service»driver's education»bus routes+parents»absence note»early dismissal procedure»fees»maverick apparel»family association»gym uniforms»amazon wishlist+alumni»alumni»keep in touch»be moore connected»countess moore»alumni news»alumni events»moore hall of fame»transcript request








skip to content
skip to menu











calendar
plus portal
staff directory
ways to give





enter as a student  leave as a leader.
moore catholic high school is a co-educational secondary school dedicated to a student-centered learning environment in the catholic tradition. moore catholic is committed to academic excellence as well as to providing a rich and varied curriculum such that all students develop their full intellectual, spiritual, ​physical, artistic, and moral potential. moore catholic students develop as responsible citizens, educated for thoughtful, meaningful participation in society.


athletics
performing arts
lantern light studios






news & announcements




 news and announcements 







                             march mania radio bingo 
                    

                        register here!
                    






                             heal program makes the scoop
                    

                        our new heal program is featured as the cover story of the most recent issue of the scoop!
                    






                             the maverick open 
                    

                        golf outing honoring dr. laura gasparis vonfrolio ‘70 and the albano family (‘97,’02,’07,’09)
                    






                             introducing our new heal (healthcare education and leadership) program!
                    

                        we're thrilled to announce the launch of our new heal (healthcare education and leadership) program at moore catholic high school!
                    






                             annual fund 2024
                    







show all


<
>







featured  event




 featured event 







                             annual fund 2024
                    








                             christmas fair
                    

                        november 23, 2024
                    





show all


<
>




learn more






upcoming events





upcoming events





show
            calendar
show
            all


<
>









not words, but deeds



25
average class size 


established
1962




7
performing arts courses


10
ap courses




20
athletic teams







our graduates have been accepted to the following colleges & universities nationwide:






































featured media



featured album




msgr. bergin gym dedication








video highlights




moore catholic high school open house promo 2022









please enable javascript when viewing video pages.










 
 










moore catholic high school



                        100 merrill ave.,
                        staten island, ny 10314 
                    

                        p: (718) 761-9200
                    

                        f: (718) 370-4148
                    



non-discrimination statement
web accessibility statement
web accessibility complaint form



































