









the grand lodge of florida - freemasonry and masonic orders within the jurisdiction of florida









































































secretary portal
lodge locator
privacy policy
terms of use
online store
 




color:






 font size:
a a a 

















    
 

address
220 north ocean street jacksonville, fl 32202


phone
904.354.2339


email
gs@glflamason.org

 














































































centuries of tradition. making good men better.











welcome brethren and visitors!
my brothers,
i am so humbled and want to thank each and every one of you for the trust and confidence you have bestowed upon me. i am honored for the privilege and the opportunity of serving you, the craft, in electing me as your grand master.
 
may almighty god bless and grant us divine guidance and wisdom that i am able to serve the craft with the greatest benefits to its members, in my pursuit to create an impact; thus making a difference effecting positive change in our ongoing endeavor of achieving fraternal excellence in the 21st century.
 
i respectfully ask you, my brethren, to soar high with me; let us all join together to meet these challenges in our continued commitment to embrace with humility and accountability our solemn duty, the clarion call to lead this time honored institution in our service to humanity so that the generation that follows will live in a world far better than today.
 
fraternally,
most worshipful donald w. cowart
grand master












february 8, 2024



masonic home outreach program

read more






may 29, 2023



grand lodge of florida launches online masonic regalia store!
purchase quality masonic regalia, accessories, lodge regalia, and masonic ties and cummerbunds click here to visit our store!
read more






april 25, 2024



2023 proceedings
2023 proceedings
read more






december 1, 2021



learn more about freemasonry and how you can have a positive influence.

read more







news & upcoming events

 view all









grand lodge of florida initiatives










online store announcement











fa-100
grand master ties











child id program
protecting kids within the state of florida.











masonic youth
the grand lodge of florida supports all masonic youth groups.











masonic home – mh100
masonic home residents are a part of our extended family.











coins
grand master











wills & gifts
one of the most satisfying….











lypmgc for the home.
let your pennies make good sense.

















faqs for visitors



welcome to the grand lodge of florida and the brotherhood of freemasonry



what is freemasonry?






							an ancient system of morality, veiled in allegory, and illustrated by symbols.


						




what is a blue lodge?






							the blue lodge is the foundational body of freemasonry. it is the primary meeting place for master masons that have completed the three degrees of masonry. the jurisdiction of the grand lodge of florida has over 300 particular lodges.


						




how do you become a member?






							visit www.beafreemason.org today to learn more!


						




interested in visiting a masonic lodge?






							many lodges are open to visitors for dinner and family nights. use our lodge locator to find a lodge near you.


						










orders of freemasonry









							   



						  




shriners international











							   



						  




york rite











							   



						  




scottish rite











							   



						  




order eastern star











							   



						  




demolay international











							   



						  




jobs daughters











							   



						  




grotto











							   



						  




order of amaranth











							   



						  




tall cedars











							   



						  




rainbow girls











							   



						  




high twelve











							   



						  




order of white shrine














masonic regalia online store
connecting masonic fraternity to the manufacturer of masonic regalia click here to visit




masonic aprons
headwear | collars | jewels
apron cases
leather and cotton gloves
embroidered gauntlets
lodge banners
neckties | bow ties | cummerbund
embroidered gift items









please visit our techology partner





to learn more about masonic web solutions for your lodge & organization.















					phone: 904.354.2339

					fax: 904.632.3865
				







					gs@glflamason.org
				







					physical

					220 north ocean street

					jacksonville, fl 32202
				







					mailing address

					p.o. box 1020

					jacksonville, fl 32201-1020
				



contact the grand lodge of florida 


 











































		





















     



  
follow us on


 


 

address
220 north ocean street jacksonville, fl 32202


phone
904.354.2339


email
gs@glflamason.org

 



quick links

calendar
secretary portal
privacy policy
membership
lodge locator
terms of use
sitemap
online store












copyright 2021 the most worshipful grand lodge of free & accepted masons of florida. all rights reserved.


powered by autoweb technologies web services.
























 





homegrand lodge▼historycommunicationsmembershipcalendarnews & eventsmonthly mailoffice staffformsgrand officers▼m.w. grand masterdeputy grand mastersenior grand wardenjunior grand wardengrand treasurergrand secretarygrand linegrand charity▼masonic home flgrand master’slady’s projectmasonic youtheducationcitizenshipresources▼member portals▼secretary portallodge locatorpublicationdigest of masonic lawdistrict map of the grand jurisdiction of floridacommittee program bookonline storecontact 




















