


rcc turbos



























cart



bars



mobile



twitter



search



minus



plus



chevron-down



chevron-up



calendar-o



facebook



envelope-o




skip to main content




we accept visa and mastercard for orders within north america, bank transfers for all other orders





go



0



cart

















shop


about us


blog


contact













menu











0



cart









go





shop


about us


blog


contact











richards custom cycle and rcc turbos is your motorcycle parts and performance shop for all makes and models!

view products





as seen on 
    hardrider motorcycle

 




products





 

current turbo kits



 

turbo kit options



 

turbo system parts



 

accessories



 

engine parts













when you put together top quality products with top quality customer service, you get rcc turbos. i've been working with richard and his team at rcc for a number of years now for my pro street hayabusa and i keep going back. the large amount of r&d that they have invested in their products shows for itself with the high quality of systems that are built, how they perform, and how reliable they are. rcc also provides excellent customer service, ensuring that all of your questions are answered, will work with you for custom requests, and will only recommend what you 'need' and not try to sell you something you dont need. rcc turbos is the benchmark for motorcycle aftermarket performance and continues to push boundaries for what can be done.

 gary henault - cold lake, alberta









i've been a customer of richard's (rcc turbos) for 8 years , i've bought a complete turbo system , intercooler system , up grades and many more products . the reason i keep buying products from richard is because he makes the best products on the market and he backs up his work . richard is always there to help if their is a question , when richard is building a system he does it wright the first time and its always of high quality . i have always been very satisfied with his work .

 william hosler, mission viejo, ca. usa









rcc turbos has been part of my race program since my first turbo kit in 2003. ive had the pleasure of owning a stage 1, stage 2, and two ultra kits. richard and team has always been the very best. from awesome record setting turbo kits, to a simple miscellaneous item, to great tech support. they've been a huge part of all the personal best and success that i've experienced throughout my racing career. could've not done it without you guys. keep up the great work!

 nem "prostreet lucky" chicago il. usa







latest blog posts





1


2


3


next






 

meet the world's fastest woman

people have had an obsession with speed since the invention of the first automobile. from ormond beach in florida to the salt flats of utah, each new season brings new attempts to challenge the limit.

view


 

trillium muir

trillium muir, a correctional officer from sudbury, has already achieved 239.11750 miles per hour.

view


 

go naked, or go home

although dragbike.com has long been the source of drag racing news and events for many years, we have also brought you a variety of stories related to motorcycle land speed racing.

view




back to top





contact
phone: 1-519-335-6504
email: richard@rccturbos.com


connect with us




                    facebook
                




                    youtube
                


policies


shipping policy


return policy


terms & conditions


privacy policy




                © 2025 rcc turbos. all rights reserved.
                 powered by osim interactive.














