home - kde community
skip to contenthome

productsdevelopkde for youhelpget involved칙춯춳칦췆춢 donate
select your language
languagesenglish
bahasa indonesia
bosanski
catal칚
catal칚 (valenci칚)
칛춟esk칚췋
deutsch
eesti
espa칚췀ol
esperanto
euskara
fran칚춶ais
galego
interlingua
italiano
lietuvi친췁
magyar
nederlands
norsk (nynorsk)
plattd칚췊칚췊tsch
polski
portugu칚춹s
portugu칚춹s brasileiro
sloven칛춠ina
sloven친춰칛춠ina
suomi
svenska
t칚췊rk칚춶e
칥춧칥췉칥췉칥췅칥췋칥췇칥췈칥춻
칧먞쏵침추침추칧췈칧췆칧췇
칧춲칧췈침칧춿침충칧췋침추침춟칧췈칧춿
칑춱칑춤칑춷칑춫칑춹
칮춵칱춚칯춝칮췈칱춚칮췀칰춙칱춧
칮춶칯춗칮췇칮췀칮춷칯춝칯춤칮춸
칯추칮춶칮췀칮췁칱춟
먝뱩쉒먝뱩썎먝뱩쮂먝뱩먞먝봑
치춫치췊치춦치췈치춫치춻
칤춧춮칡췃춼칣춨췂
칝충춴칝춮춻칟춹
칝춼춲칠춺춦칛췆춼칝춨춚
칞춽칛췋춥칛췆춼칝춨춚support good peopledonateplasmathe next generation desktop for linuxinstall on your computer
discover plasma
buy a device with plasmakde applicationspowerful, multi-platform, and for everyoneuse kde software to surf the web, keep in touch with colleagues, friends and family, manage your files, enjoy music and videos; and get creative and productive at work. the kde community develops and maintains more than 200 applications which run on any linux desktop, and often other platforms too.see all applicationskontactsimplify your workflow by managing emails, calendars, tasks, and contacts seamlessly in one powerful application.kdevelopstreamline your coding experience with kdevelop, a robust cross-platform ide supporting c, c++, python, qml/javascript, and php.gcomprisengage young minds with gcompris, an extensive educational suite packed with fun and interactive activities for children aged 2 to 10.labplotcreate stunning data visualizations and perform in-depth analysis with labplot, the free and open-source plotting software for everyone.kritaunleash your creativity with krita, the professional open-source painting software for digital artists.devicesbuy a computer with plasma preinstalledsteam deckthe steam deck is a portable console that runs the latest aaa games with the flexibility of a full pc.pinebook prothe pinebook pro is an affordable arm powered laptop. it is modular and hackable in a way that only an open source project can be.kde slimbookthe slimbook is a shiny, sleek and good looking laptop that can do any task thanks to its powerful amd ryzen processor.kfocusthe kubuntu focus laptop is a high-powered, workflow-focused laptop which ships with kubuntu installed.other hardware manufacturers are selling devices with plasma. see all devicesannouncementsfriday, 14 february 2025kde ships frameworks 6.11.0kde today announces the release of kde frameworks 6.11.0.
read moretuesday, 11 february 2025plasma 6.3an unmatchable desktop experience
read morethursday, 6 february 2025kde gear 24.12.2kde announces the release of kde gear 24.12.2.
read morethursday, 23 january 2025kde plasma 6.3 beta releasekde ships plasma 6.3 beta.
read more游닉 view all announcementskde ecojoin the sustainable software movementsoftware has a direct effect on energy and resource consumption. kde has the goal of providing software which does this in a way that reduces software's environmental impact.let칙춫s make energy efficient software and digital sustainability part of our community. we can live up to our responsibility for this and future generations!join kde ecokde eco handbookthe handbook 칙춮applying the blue angel criteria to free software칙춯 gives an overview of the environmental harm driven by software and how the blue angel ecolabel칙춦the official environmental label of the german government칙춦provides a benchmark for sustainable software design. learn how free software칙춫s values of transparency and user autonomy foster sustainability, as well as how to set up a dedicated lab to measure your software칙춫s energy consumption!read morethe kde communityan international team developing and distributing open source software.our community has developed a wide variety of applications for communication, work, education and entertainment. we have a strong focus on finding innovative solutions to old and new problems, creating a vibrant, open atmosphere for experimentation.what is kde?
get involvedubuntu summit 2022praguestate of open conlondon - englandplasma sprintaugsburg - germanylatinowarebrazilfosdembrussels - belgiumgoogle summer of code studentskde goalsthessaloniki - greeceakademy 2022barcelonakde conf india 2024pune, maharashtrakde patrons








donate to kde why donate?









amount 칙축춻
donate via paypalother ways to donatevisit the kde metastoreshow your love for kde! purchase books, mugs, apparel, and more to support kde.browseproductsplasma
kde applications
kde frameworks
plasma mobile
kde neondevelopapi documentation
qt documentation
kde goals
source codenews & pressannouncements
kde blogs
planet kde
press contacts
miscellaneous stuff
thanksresourcescommunity wiki
help
download kde software
code of conduct
privacy policy
applications privacy policydestinationskde store
kde e.v.
kde free qt foundation
kde timeline
kde manifesto
international websites









maintained by kde webmasters (public mailing list).
generated from b8ffb4e.
kde칙춽 and the k desktop environment칙춽 logo are registered trademarks of kde e.v. | legal
