












official apple support


























































































































applestoremacipadiphonewatch
visionairpodstv & homeentertainmentaccessoriessupport


0+















apple support






iphone



mac



ipad



watch



vision



airpods



tv




forgot apple account password


apple repair


billing and subscriptions





search for more topics











 search support

to reveal list of choices, type.
search support




clear search

































 apple support on youtubecheck out our official youtube channel to get the most out of the latest features, devices, and services.

visit apple support on youtube












get supportgive us a few details and we’ll offer the best solution. connect by phone, chat, email, and more.

start now










apple support appget help for all of your apple products in one place, or connect with an expert.

download

get to know the apple support app












my supportget warranty information, check your coverage status, or look up an existing repair.

sign in with your apple account











applecare+get unlimited repairs for accidental damage protection, 24/7 priority access to apple experts, and more.

learn more












designing for longevityat apple, we are always working to create the best experience for our customers, which is why we design products that last. designing for longevity is a company-wide effort, informing our earliest decisions long before the first prototype is built and guided by historical customer-use data and predictions on future usage. it requires striking a balance between durability and repairability while not compromising on safety, security, and privacy.
learn more about apple's approach to designing for longevity, which includes access to safe and reliable repairs. view (pdf)









beware of counterfeit partssome counterfeit and third party power adapters and batteries may not be designed properly and could result in safety issues. to ensure you receive a genuine apple battery during a battery replacement, we recommend visiting an apple store or apple authorized service provider. if you need a replacement adapter to charge your apple device, we recommend getting an apple power adapter.
also non-genuine replacement displays may have compromised visual quality and may fail to work correctly. apple-certified screen repairs are performed by trusted experts who use genuine apple parts.







be aware of gift card scamsbe aware of scams involving apple gift cards, app store & itunes gift cards, and apple store gift cards.

learn more















apple service programs

iphone 14 plus service program for rear camera issue

iphone 12 and iphone 12 pro service program for no sound issues

15-inch macbook pro battery recall program

apple three-prong ac wall plug adapter recall program

see all programs









apple footer



apple






support










product support

open menu


close menu



iphone support

mac support

ipad support

watch support

apple vision pro support

airpods support

tv support

support site map







service and repair

open menu


close menu



apple repair options

service and repair information

applecare products

hardware warranties

software license agreements

complimentary support







resources

open menu


close menu



my support

product documentation

apple support videos

accessibility







connect

open menu


close menu



contact us

support app

apple communities

@applesupport



 


united states


copyright © 2025 apple inc. all rights reserved.

privacy policy
terms of use
sales and refunds
legal
site map







