





electronic lab logs – track compliance electronically


























































	skip to content




 


home
about
contact
faq
articles
sign in
 



menu



home
about
contact
faq
articles
sign in
 











ditch the 
paper logs 



 







track maintenance and 
qc electronically 



				our software platform tracks maintenance and qc tasks for all your lab instruments. eliminate paper logs and the headaches they bring!						






schedule a demo











  











 



save timesave time entering and reviewing tasks. with our electronic system, data entry and review capabilities are accessible with just the click of a button. 







 



custom reportingpull any report at any time. monthly reports, instrument views and site comparisons are all accessible in real-time. 







 



less riskmanage the workflow of your lab by tracking all preventative maintenance and quality control tasks for every instrument. 











what is electronic lab logs? 



we help you stay organized and on top of all your scheduled tasks in one easy-to-use platform. 



 
 












track lots and reagents 



designed 
for the lab 



most maintenance solutions are too generic for lab settings. we are different. 



track maintenance tasks for every instrument and every manufacturervalidate qualitative and quantitative qc resultstrack lots and reagents linked to tasks 







 











 







							real-time compliance tracking						



real-time 
device status 



track every instrument and set alerts for status changes and failures 



immediate text and email notificationsconfigure alerts for each userreceive alerts before tasks are missednotifications for failures, service reports and more 






ready to schedule a demo?















custom reports 



simplify 
compliance
audits 



view compliance numbers at any level, across your entire organization 



real-time compliance numbers for every instrumentbreakdowns for instruments, departments and sitesout-of-compliance reviews and corrections 







 











 







real-time scores 



report on 
everything 



pull custom reports in seconds! no more thumbing through binders of paper logs 



pull reports for auditorsfilter by date range, sites, departments and moreexport to pdf in seconds 






ready to schedule a demo?















trusted by labs across the us to track compliance 










schedule a demo















about electronic lab logs 



							our lablogs.co software platform tracks maintenance tasks and qc for all your lab instruments so that you can always be ready for audits and inspections.						



 



 
(844) 522-5647





 
info@lablogs.co




 
803 s college rd. suite g. wilmington, nc. 28403




 
facebook.com/lablogsco











quick links 



homeaboutcontactfaqarticlesterms & conditionsprivacy policycommunication preferences 







recent news 





using the lablogs.co dashboardin the lab, there can be literally hundreds of tasks to stay on top of throughout the work week. 
prevent holes with lablogs.cothe lablogs.co software is designed to keep your lab completely compliant. the holes that often occur in the 



















 

					track compliance electronically				


© copyright 2024 electronic lab logs. all rights reserved





























