









fisheries - school of forest, fisheries, & geomatics sciences - institute of food and agricultural sciences - university of florida, institute of food and agricultural sciences - uf/ifas




























































skip to main content


























 skip to main content








give
                              
                        university of florida




 search link



  resources 












 
toggle search form

 menu
 












 
give
university of florida

 menu
 







 home



 about
 



our programs
fisheries & aquatic sciences
forest resources & conservation
geomatics




our people
directory




austin cary forest
acf homepage







 academics
 
 


academic programs
undergraduate programs
graduate programs
certificate programs


 


explore more
online learning
how to apply




our courses
all courses & syllabi







 research
 





 extension
 





 resources
 
 


current student resources
scholarships & funding
job board


fiscal portal
hr portal
teaching support - canvas
ta list







 
 





 
 





























school of forest, fisheries, and geomatics sciences





school of forest, fisheries, and geomatics sciences










fisheries and aquatic sciences program
programs in aquaculture, aquatic animal health, conservation and management of natural environments, and sustainable fisheries
fisheries and aquatic sciences (fas) provides objective science to support the protection and management of fisheries and aquatic resources, with innovation and excellence in research, education, and extension. faculty have programs in four areas: aquaculture, aquatic animal health, conservation and management of natural environments, and sustainable fisheries. many projects span these areas and involve collaboration with other scientists at uf, other universities and institutes, and state and federal resource management agencies.



 



key issues


minimum flows and levels (mfls)– are established by water management districts (wmd) to protect aquatic resources from harm due to anthropogenic alterations in flow. citizens are concerned because each mfl affects availability of water for agriculture and urban areas, and recreational access. we work with multiple state and federal agencies to provide objective science regarding effects of mfls on aquatic living resources, including fish and their essential habitats.
fish stock assessment – involves accurately estimating abundance, growth, age and size structure in order to maintain sustainable fisheries. citizens are concerned because these assessments are used to set limits on commercial and recreational harvest. we provide objective science to agencies that assess stocks. predictive modeling is the key growth area for this program.
fisheries habitat enhancement – relates to effects of mechanical habitat alteration in lakes and hydrologic restoration in rivers. citizens are concerned about loss of fish habitat related to stabilized lake levels and shoreline development. we provide science to agencies in support of habitat remediation in fresh waters.
artificial reefs – relates to research conducted over the last ten years by this department to optimize size and configuration of artificial reefs as valuable fisheries habitat in the gulf of mexico. citizens are concerned about intense fishing pressure on natural reefs and recognize the benefits of artificial reefs for sustainable fisheries, recreational diving, and other activities. we provide the science and outreach in support of state-wide development of this program.
toxic algal blooms – relates to impacts of blooms in freshwater and marine systems. citizens are concerned about beach closures and fish kills due to red tides along the gulf coast and warnings about swimming, fishing and contact recreation in lakes and rivers. we are working with the college of veterinary medicine (cvm) to develop a comprehensive program to identify controls of algal blooms, levels of toxin production, and effects on fish and other aquatic biota.
eutrophication – relates to effects of increased nutrient inputs to lakes, springs, rivers and coastal waters, and to standards set by the usepa and florida department of environmental protection (fdep) to limit nutrient inputs to aquatic resources. citizens are concerned about high costs and potential negative outcomes if nutrients are not controlled effectively. agriculture is concerned that discharges will be subject to overly restrictive limits. we provide objective science used to set standards that are appropriate for certain water bodies, considering their historical conditions and designated uses.
exotic species – number in the hundreds in florida’s aquatic ecosystems, and include fish, invertebrates and plants. many citizens are concerned about potential effects on native fish, shellfish and other biota, and this is a focus area for future research in our department. we also work closely with the center for aquatic and invasive plants to examine effects of hydrilla and other exotic / nuisance plants on ecosystem function and fishery production.
aquaculture – focuses on enhancing productivity of hard clam, sturgeon and ornamental fish aquaculture. citizens who keep aquaria or raise, sell or eat farm-raised seafood reap the benefits of our research, which has helped farmers produce high quality, economically viable products. two growth areas are: developing new products that interface with traditional agricultural operations to increase revenue and address non-point source runoff issues related to nutrient standards.
fish kills and aquatic animal health – focuses on effects of natural and anthropogenic pathogens and toxins on wild and cultured fish. citizens who live near water or recreate on water are keenly aware that something is wrong when they see dead fish and/or fish with lesions. this department, in concert with the cvm, examines how toxins and pathogens affect fish in natural systems and in the aquaculture industry, and identifies solutions to reduce risk of those impacts.
ecosystem restoration – relates to large-scale restoration projects occurring across the state. citizens are concerned about impacts of altered water flow and other stresses are they are aware that billions of taxpayer dollars are funding these projects. we provide objective science to wmds and other agencies conducting ecosystem restoration, and they use this information to design effective restoration project.










history

the state of florida is renowned for its fishery and aquatic resources. more than 1,300 linear miles of coastline, 12 major bays and estuaries, 7,800 – plus lakes, 100,000 ponds, and thousands of miles of navigable rivers provide residents and visitors with a lifestyle rich in aquatic recreational and commercial opportunities. in addition to the sheer quantity of water, florida spans nearly seven degrees in latitude, encompassing both temperate and subtropical marine and freshwater ecosystems.
however, rapid population growth continues to place increasing demands on the florida’s aquatic resources. conserving marine and freshwater resources, enhancing food and agricultural production, and meeting the water demands of all the state is inhabitants, will depend upon prudent and far-sighted management.
recognizing the need for information and expertise in fisheries and aquatic sciences, the department was established in 1984 by a core group of faculty from the school of forest, fisheries, and geomatics sciences (drs. jerome shireman, daniel canfield, jr., bill haller, and joseph joyce).
within several years, the fledgling program had expanded beyond the bounds of the school of forest, fisheries, and geomatics sciences, resulting in its own degree awarding department within uf’s institute of food and agricultural sciences.  at that point it was named the department of fisheries and aquatic sciences (fas). twenty-four years after its establishment, fas has become one of the fastest growing departments for aquatic research and education in the country. with a highly diverse and accomplished faculty, it is able to offer students a rich academic foundation.
as of july 1, 2008 fisheries and aquatic sciences merged with the school of forest, fisheries, and geomatics sciences (ffgs) and is now one of three broad programmatic areas within the ffgs along with geomatics and forest resources and conservation.
core facilities have also expanded from one small building to a large complex including offices, classrooms, numerous laboratories, and a hatchery facility located in gainesville, as well as satellite research/teaching facilities in ruskin.









areas of study













sustainable fisheries






sustainable fisheries



the sustainable fisheries program serves florida’s recreational and commercial fisheries, which have the highest economic value of any state in the usa. the program focuses on:

the effects of habitat quality on fish populations
population modeling and stock assessment
identifying essential fish habitat
public outreach for sustainable fisheries.

research areas of this program include both marine and freshwater fisheries and encompass population biology and modeling, behavioral ecology, life histories, and factors influencing fish community structure. specific studies have estimated growth and mortality of commercial and recreationally important species, predicted population responses to changes in size limits, identified impacts of tournament angling on recreational fisheries, tested habitat effects on variation in growth and life history parameters, and assessed population biology and community dynamics of warm-temperate reefs.









aquaculture







aquaculture



aquaculture is the cultivation of freshwater or marine organisms, including fish, shellfish, and plants. on a worldwide scale, as well as in our own backyards, aquaculture plays many important roles in agriculture and natural resource management. aquaculture is used to:

produce economically important animals and plants for food, recreation, commercial products and ecosystem management
protect and enhance wild populations through captive breeding and artificial rearing
maintain organisms under controlled conditions in order to study fundamental biological processes

in order to successfully culture aquatic organisms in managed systems, aquaculturists must take advantage of a variety of biological disciplines including nutrition, growth, reproduction, medicine, husbandry and engineering. our department emphasizes genetics, reproductive and environmental physiology, health management, and nutrition. tropical aquaculture laboratory



















































aquatic animal health






aquatic animal health



aquatic animal health is a truly interdisciplinary program well established at the university of florida that involves faculty, staff and students from fisheries and aquatic sciences, the college of veterinary medicine, and the whitney laboratory. this program focuses on:

disease diagnosis & health management
assessment of the effects of toxic algal blooms & environment contaminants
an intensive educational program in aquatic animal health through the graduate school and extension programs

for more information on this core area: aquatic animal health.









aquatic environments







aquatic environments



conservation and management of aquatic environments is a response to the serious challenges facing florida due to the explosive growth of human development. this program focuses on:

achieving an objective and comprehensive understanding of the structure and function of ecosystems
providing critical information needed for the development of management approaches that ensure the integrity and sustainability of critical natural resources
generating the human resources needed to meet the management challenges of the future through education and extension programs


















































research
research programs address key issues related to fisheries and aquatic resources in florida, including impacts of nutrients on the state’s headwater springs, the ecology of shallow lakes, ecology and management of freshwater sport fish, development of sustainable aquaculture programs, eco-physiology and impacts of toxic algae blooms, management of fish health, effects of water flow reductions in rivers on fish communities and their critical habitat, and identifying how marine fish respond to variation in bottom substrate, resource availability, fishing pressure and eutrophication.
teaching
graduate students work closely with the faculty on projects spanning the range of florida’s diverse aquatic systems. we emphasize field experiences, development of critical thinking skills, strong faculty-student interactions and other educational experiences to ensure that our students develop a set of core competencies that are consistent with their professional success and sustainable competitive advantage.
extension
faculty and students participate in innovative extension/outreach activities that take fisheries science to audiences ranging from resource managers and extension agents to school children.

program faculty











mike allenprofessor, freshwater fisheries & ecologyfisheries & aquatic sciences






frank ascheprofessor, natural resource economicsfisheries & aquatic sciences






shirley bakerprofessor, molluscan biology and aquaculturefisheries & aquatic sciences











donald behringerprofessor, marine and disease ecologyfisheries & aquatic sciences






anna braswellassistant professor, coastal watersheds & ecosystemsfisheries & aquatic sciences






edward campassociate professor, fisheries & aquaculture governancefisheries & aquatic sciences











andrew carlsonassistant unit leader, florida cooperative fish and wildlife research unitfisheries & aquatic sciences






eric cassianoassistant extension scientist, ornamental fish aquaculturefisheries & aquatic sciences











angela collinsassistant extension scientist, marine fisheries and bivalve shellfishfisheries & aquatic sciences






matthew dimaggioassociate professor, ornamental aquaculturefisheries & aquatic sciences











ruth francis-floydprofessor and extension veterinarianfisheries & aquatic sciences






joy hazellstate specialized agent ivfisheries & aquatic sciences, forest resources & conservation
 






jeff hillprofessor, non-native & invasive aquatic animalsfisheries & aquatic sciences











leo ibarra-castroassistant professor, fish reproduction & larviculturefisheries & aquatic sciences






gretchen lescordassistant professor of applied limnologyfisheries & aquatic sciences






kai lorenzenprofessorintegrative fisheries science











sue lowerre-barbieriresearch professor, fisheries ecologyfisheries & aquatic sciences






deb murieprofessor, marine fisheries ecologyfisheries & aquatic sciences






cortney ohsassociate professor, aquaculturefisheries & aquatic sciences











joshua pattersonassociate professor, restoration aquaculturefisheries & aquatic sciences






will pattersonprofessor, marine fisheries ecologyfisheries & aquatic sciences






ed phlipsprofessor, algal physiology & ecologyfisheries & aquatic sciences











lindsey reisingerassistant professor, freshwater ecologyfisheries & aquatic sciences






zachary sidersassistant professor, quantitative fisheries sciencefisheries & aquatic sciences






leslie sturmerextension agent iv, molluscan shellfish & aquaculturefisheries & aquatic sciences











quenton tuckettassistant professor, aquatic ecology & non-native speciesfisheries & aquatic sciences






huiping yangassociate professor, molluscan shellfish aquaculture and restorationfisheries & aquatic sciences






roy yanongprofessor, fish health & aquaculturefisheries & aquatic sciences










 





 





 





























contact
feedbackschool of forest, fisheries, & geomatics sciences
136 newins-ziegler hall
po box 110410
gainesville, fl 32611-0410
(352) 846-0850

land grant mission

teaching
research
extension


information

ask ifas (edis)
uf/ifas experts
uf/ifas blogs
uf/ifas bookstore


policy

accessible uf
eeo statement
ifas web policy
ssn & uf privacy
analytics (google privacy)



© 2024 university of florida, ifas last modified:wed, 30 oct 2024 15:30:18 edt

 
 
































