












comdig.org – completely digital































digital collections and archives
online privacy issues
 















menu


 



















twitter archive will permanently store and provide access to all public tweets
digital foia public records would reduce costs and improve response times
benefits and challenges of archiving the internet
reasons why we need more data scientists




digital collections and archives

businesses, governments, and other organizations are building online collections that are made up of physical content that has been digitally scanned or photographed. it used to be that you would have to travel to a museum or library to view rare documents or pictures from the past, but now you can visit a digital collection online.
the digital collections are available to anyone online and are indexed in ways that make them easy to search. for example, one digital collection of historical menus allows you to search for a dish and all the menus that offer that item will show up.
unfortunately, there are still vast amounts of content that still needs to be digitized and made available online. we highlight some of those and also discuss issues related to digital content.
online privacy issues
we are constantly hearing stories about high profile companies and their privacy policies. any time a significant change is made to a policy it is major news. with so much information about us in the hands of online entities it is highly important to make sure that our personal lives are protected. the internet potentially allows access to a huge amount of our personal information. this is why online privacy issues will continue to be an important topic for many years to come.







about us the internet has forever changed the way we live our lives.  we now spend huge amounts of time working, playing, learning, and communicating online.

businesses, individuals, and other organizations are constantly creating new online tools and resources.  these massive digital collections allow anyone to access information that used to be very difficult or expensive to get, but they can also create privacy issues.

we focus on the pros and cons of a completely digital world.  we cover some of the amazing digital collections that are out there and we discuss privacy issues related to digital content.








comdig.org copyright © 2025.
privacy policy - contact us 














