

home | saltwater flies | fly tying materials | fly lines & accessories
ordering instructions, shipping rates, your satisfaction guaranteed | view shopping cart | site map


saltwater flies! saltwaterflies.com -- the finest saltwater flies and tying materials for your saltwater fly fishing.












the finest saltwater flies and fly tying materials for saltwater fly fishing.






in the middle of a boiling striped bass and bluefish blitz off the coast of new england...casting to bonito
ripping up bait in an inlet...searching for seatrout and reds amidst the
windswept beaches of the outer banks... hunting huge snook and tarpon in the
tangled mangroves...stalking wary bonefish over the pristine
flats...searching the bluewater eddies of the gulf stream for tuna, marlin, and sails. in these magical places, 
and many others, the saltwater fly rodder plys his trade. in his hand, the coiled line, stripping, stripping, ready for the strike. at the end of the line, a fly; a feathered hook to tempt the most awesome denizens of the brine.
saltwater fly fishermen experience the most profound enjoyment of their
sport, and saltwaterflies.com is dedicated to helping you with the best saltwater flies for your next trip,  and high quality tying materials to help you enjoy your time at the vise, creating beautiful saltwater flies.








place your order online here at our website for fastest service.


please check out our full fly selection and our fly tying materials

see our instagram and facebook links at the bottom of this page, and follow us to receive updates and special offers from saltwaterflies.com






subscribe now for promotions & free giveaways!
* indicates required
email address *












the 2025 fishing season is almost upon us! get the flies and tying materials you need to fuel your
fishing, shipped fast to your doorstep. 

some of our most popular flies sell out quickly, so
grab some great flies now and get ready for some great winter and spring fishing!













meiho "rungun" two-sided fly case

meiho's two-sided box lined
with slit foam makes the most of the space inside - meiho calls this their "rungun" case,
but we'd probably call it the "grab-n-go"! on a recent bonefishing trip, we took just this one box while wading away from the boat... this box will easily hold 72 standard size bonefish flies, possibly even more if you maximize use of the space.  outside dimensions
of the box are approximately 7 1/8" x 4 1/8" x 1 1/2" (18.5 cm x  10.5 cm x 4 cm). this box is ideally suited for most bonefish flies, but will also hold small streamers - this is a hell of a good box for the river too. stainless steel hinge pins and well designed latches round out this excellent box. more photos are shown on the "fly fishing
accessories" page - see link at the top of this page for all of those products.


meiho "rungun" two-sided fly case $21.95 temporarily out of stock










the slim-profile "bonefish box" by anglers image shown in the photo below is one of the finest boxes we have ever found for carrying standard bonefish patterns - modern "slit foam" design holds flies securely and is easy to insert the flies in. this box will hold approximately 24 standard sized bonefish flies, but still fits easily in a shirt pocket - something that many boxes are advertised to do, but few achieve. the lid of this box is clear, which allows the angler to view the contents of the box before opening it - a real advantage as it minimizes fumbling while wading the flats or preparing to tie on a new fly from the deck of a bouncing boat. dimensions are 5 3/4" x 3 5/8" x 7/8" (14.5 cm x 9 cm x 2.2 cm). click photo shown below to view the box empty.




we can assemble fly selections similar to those shown these boxes. if you wish to order a selection of flies for your fishing, please call or e-mail us with details about where you plan to fish, and we can tailor a selection to suit your needs.


bonefish box




"bonefish box" $12.95 (pictured above - flies not included) add to cart





these days i'm often using one of the zap "super glues" to increase the durability of my saltwater flies - a quick hit on the thread wraps here and there makes the flies really tough! the green label stuff that we sell is basically all-purpose, and can even be used as a "head cement" to finish the fly. anyway, the "trick" offered here is that zap offers what they call their "extender tips" or "flexi tips" -  a very fine plastic nozzle tip that can be put on the super glue bottles, and left like this on the bench during tying - there's no need to keep putting the cap back on, as the nozzles can be left on for days without clogging. the "zap a gap" that we sell now comes packaged with these tips. i do keep a small rag handy to quickly clean up any spills and to keep the extender tips clean.
we've got a new feature going here at saltwaterflies.com with more of these little suggestions; "windy's tips n tricks" - click the link to check it out. - chris windram








in this issue:


feature article - run, squid, run! by capt. thomas j. rapone
	
capt. tom rapone brings us the excitement and madness of the spring squid run on martha's vineyard!
		


 -- some of our other fly fishing and fly tying articles -- 
florida backcountry journal 2001
harker's island false albacore - a fine madness
angler profiles: scott patterson - albie master
flyrod shore bonito!
the well-connected angler
24 hours (a not-so-tall fish tale) by phil cronin
fly tying - fox statler's sand eel
fly tying - the bunny fly
fly tying - deep sparkling sand eel
fly tying - windram's cinderworm
fly tying - windram's sparkling shrimp
fly tying - windram's sparkling sand eel










- please check out our sponsors! -












go to our fly tying catalog!





and...


the flies!
flies, flies, and more flies. browse our collection of hand tied saltwater 
			flies.


saltwaterflies.com's saltwater tying materials catalog
everything for the saltwater fly tyer!.
			


chris windram's saltwater fly museum

see some of the unique and special flies that we have collected over the years.
				


saltwater fly fishing photographs - pensacola photojournal

view some of our favorite photos from recent fishing seasons.
				


 -- some of our other saltwaterflies.com fly fishing photographs -- 
pensacola photojournal - saltwater fly fishing fall 2011
tuna madness - saltwater fly fishing spring 2004-2005
florida backcountry journal - saltwater fly fishing spring 2001
false albacore fever - saltwater fly fishing 2000
saltwater fly fishing photographs 1999





forum

questions and comments about saltwater fly
				fishing, or saltwaterflies.com. the good, the bad, and the ugly.
				


our viewers' photographs

a collection of wonderful photographs submitted by our viewers.
				



 -- some of our other viewer submitted photographs -- 
kolt johnson of florida with a nice seatrout
raffaele mascaro, giuseppe re and flavio bideri in the maldive islands
jeff pierce's yellowtail snapper
theo bakelaar of holland with a nice striped bass
jay tinsky and friends at harker's island, 2002
john morin's feather brain, sponge bob, and lobster flies
john morin's crab apple and flounder around flies
bruce roberts' blue fin trevally & jason stenzel's barracuda
fabrizio mioletti's bullet tuna
peter mccarthy's striped bass and false albacore
richard tremblay's 40 pound flyrod striper!



saltwaterflies.com ferry service

let us guide you to some of our favorite sites on the world wide web.

who's who at saltwaterflies.com
meet the friendly folks who bring you saltwaterflies.com.





(search using google.com)



  saltwaterflies.com   www



 

follow us on instagram and facebook to receive updates and special offers from saltwaterflies.com

tight lines!
			p.o. box 362,
			housatonic, ma
			01236
			413 274-6143

cwindram@saltwaterflies.com
saltwaterflies.com - got backing?
all pages of this domain copyright 1997-2020 by tight lines/saltwaterflies.com
			
			web site created by chris windram and 
			morgan t. davis



