 




valerie stewart portraits – art and instruction by valerie stewart









































































toggle navigation







“portraits made easy”
join | login

join us!
art class modules

module one
module two


individual classes

arianna in lace
bedtime story
elf magic
golden friend
santa baby
winter dream


member info | logout
password reset


about

certification
instructors


gallery
shop

spring/summer sale: portrait paint
limited editions
coffee table book & note cards
videos & accessories
shopping cart


calendar
contact
 












valerie stewart
art, instruction, and certification program
 jesse watters signed his book for me and while he did i presented him with a portrait of his wife, emma.  he was elated!  his excitement filled the room. i got a sweet hug …. we talked about the painting and posed for some pictures.portrait of emma watters by valerie stewart ©2024. 
for inquiries about commissioned portraits, please contact valerie stewart.
welcome to the valerie stewart "portraits made easy" educational series!val's step-by-step training modules are designed to help you learn the simplicity of painting portraits at your leisure, in your own home. valerie presents many different paintings, individually designed to teach you a specific portrait painting technique. valerie’s, easy-to-follow, portrait painting technique has been taught to thousands around the world.students find that her technique is very straightforward and very doable, even for the most novice beginner. you will enjoy following along as valerie teaches you, step-by-step, each aspect of portrait painting.with val's easy to follow instructions and limited palette, over time you will find that your portrait painting skills will improve abundantly. it is our hope that you enjoy every aspect of this portrait educational series.
val's motto: "everything is easy...once you know how!"module onemodule one of valerie stewart's "portraits made easy" educational series includes three winter and holiday themed portraits. these are absolutely loaded with techniques for you to learn and work on throughout the year! beginners and advanced painters alike will learn how to paint faces, fabric with stripes, velvet, soft fur, santa’s beard, reflected light, long hair, short hair and, best of all, fantasy sparkles! give it a try. you’ll be glad you did!winter dreamin this painting, you will learn to do skin tones with strong light and shadows on a face in profile. you will learn the basics of painting hands. clothing and strongly lit hair. you also learn how to create depth in a basic but realistic looking snowy background. this painting has a lot to teach. a lot of information about lighting and how to create direct light and shadow effects.santa babyin this painting, you will learn how to do detailed shading on clothing and skin. you will learn how to paint the face, giving it a lifelike finish. you will also learn to paint short brown hair and how to highlight it to keep it looking brown even though the highlights are very bright. you will paint fur, clothing, and learn to create distance with shadows and how to create depth. you also learn how to make gold.light and dark, shadows and highlights are so important in creating a three-dimensional piece of art.elf magicin this painting, you will learn to do white fabric with lights and shadows. you will see that a lot of color is used in creating white fabrics. you will also learn fur, velvet & stripes. of course, you'll study the skin tones. you will glaze in shadows near the end and you will learn to paint bright sparkles. you will learn how to create a strong light source on your painting.module twoin module two you will learn so much about the skin but also so many fabrics! we will paint lace, cotton, tulle, and denim. in an addition to all of that, we get to work with light. it's fun to see how light plays against other things that surround it. i will also teach you how to paint hands and feet, which is important in portraits. whether you're a beginner or an advanced portrait artist, i know you’ll get a lot out of each of these lessons!arianna in lacein this lesson, you will learn the full human face and that is always fun! in addition to that, you will get the chance to learn long, blonde hair, denim, and lace! it’s super fun to paint and the lace will excite you. i hope you enjoy this adventure!bedtime storythis fun little painting gives you a chance to study the hands and the feet without having to worry about a full face. it’s a darling painting with lots of fabric including cotton with print on it and ruffles. it’s always fun to create light and you get a chance to do that as well. you will truly enjoy this piece.golden friendthis painting is really fun to do and i, of course, love it because it takes me back to the magic of sparkles and light in a painting. also, you will have a wonderful time doing the tulle dress and beautiful skin. it’s is a joy to look at and you will love the experience of doing one for yourself.for a limited time: 
individual online art classes!are you feeling cooped up and bored?use this time learning to paint portraits with valerie stewart! pick the one you want and give yourself a reprieve from boredom! no reason not to take an art class today!testimonials 






















© 2025 valerie stewart portraits. all rights reserved.
























