















     digital photo software, editor, viewer & photo album software for digital pictures, free download of a digital camera software program
















 



 site language english deutsch  







 

codedcolor - 	photostudio

	      there's more to a picture...

   

    

 photostudio
 freeware
 service
 shop
















 photostudio

overview


feature matrix
editor case study
awards & reviews 
version history
download


 freeware

panorama viewer
codedcolor toolbox
pixpedia publisher
skype photo sharing
download


 service

support
online manual
raw formats
effects
tutorials i
tutorials ii
pc-plus workshop
faq


 shop

donate
contact
privacy notice





















web



codedcolor.com























home  >  photostudio


 > overview









your vacation is too short for a bad photo!





with codedcolor photostudio pro free 8.4 you will experience the diversity of viewing, organising, editing, enhancing and sharing your images and digital photos - easy to use, full of features, professional results!










 download 
 read more
 pro version is now freeware!


awarded by software portals worldwide -recommended by international magazines!


codedcolor photostudio provides a worthy alternative to the likes of photoshop elements, but at a fraction of the cost of adobe's title. - pc-plus
if you're looking for an image editor that's an 'all rounder', then look no further than codedcolor imaging pro. 1stein has combined all of the digital photographer's needs in one single application. - shareware-junkies
for those who want a more comprehensive photo viewing, organisation and manipulation package, codedcolor photostudio is an excellent choice that adds far superior editing and slideshow options in addition to some complex methods of organising and sorting your images. whatever your intended use, codedcolor photostudio provides professional organisation, formatting and editing for your entire picture collection. - pc-utilities







 view photos  edit images  organize  manage media




 pdf & flash albums  burn cds  transitions  capture videos

 share  print layouts  cliparts  batch conversion

 clone  deskew  encrypt images  brighten

 sharpen  remove color stains  improve contrast  compare images

 barrel distortion  annotate  watermarks  geo tagging

 scan & screen capture  add text  rotate lossless  antialias

 send by mail & skype  custom sorting  resize  exposure correction

 search similar images  remove scratches  compress  remove red eyes

 publish  exif & iptc  transparency  view & create panoramas

 layers  convert filetype  change colors  equalize histograms

 color balance  straighten horizon  perspective  batch rename

 effects & smudge brush  keywords  frames  all raw formats

 timeline view  white balance  image shadows  photo layouts & collages

 facebook download  google drive album  html5 gallery album  cut out objects



    codedcolor photostudio by 1stein is a windows photo viewer and editor to organize, edit, resize, reformat, correct, compare, sort, watermark, annotate and print digital images, and to edit exif and iptc data in digital photos. you can rename multiple images, remove scratches, create panorama pictures (stitch), convert raw photos (from canon, nikon, olympus, etc. cameras), send images via skype, send photo sms, burn digital watermarks, correct colors, run a screenshow, convert and correct jpeg images in a batch process, rename fields, open pictures and image folders from the explorer, generate a webalbum in html and compress jpg images. the codedcolor full version is not free, but during registration you can choose the freeware edition. editor and webalbum generator are partly restricted in the freeware. after the download you can try the photostudio shareware for 30 days without any restrictions. the codedcolor software interface looks very similar to acdsee, is easier to use than photoshop and more versatile than picasa and irfanview, but still contains editing and correction features as effective as paintshop. have a look at our before / after tutorials, in order to get an idea of the powerful editor capabilities. the software comes with a detailed handbook and a fast database to store exif / iptc data and color informationen. codedcolor photostudio is a powerful and versatile photo organizer and image editing software for digital camera users. the user friendly interface includes features like photo editing & printing, web album galleries, slide shows, photo management & cataloging, custom sorting, iptc & exif editor, thumbnail generation, resize & resample images, jp2000, batch conversion, database keyword searching, red eye removal, color / sharpness / brightness & contrast correction, artefacts removal, clone brush, scanner & twain import, screen capture, lossless jpeg rotation, gamma correction, print ordering and screenshows with many transition effects, watermark text, image annotations, panorama stitch & animation, video capture, pdf album export, photo layouts, collages, frames, shadows, histograms, automatic white balance, skype photo sharing, etc. opens and converts all common image formats: bmp, wmf, gif, jpeg, jpeg2000, tiff, pcx, png, psp, psd, pcd, and all current raw formats. visit the codedcolor photostudio homepage to learn more and download a free copy! includes byngo mms messenger and codedcolor publisher, a versatile photo layout and dtp tool, from which you can order individual photobooks through kodak. 

























© 2015 1stein gmbh  
	
servicecodedcolor.com    codedcolor  
  




