






national humanities alliance































 





























about

staff
board of directors
members


resources

higher ed
federal funding
community impact
public scholarship
document your impact


events

2025 nha annual meeting and humanities advocacy day

humanities advocacy day


professional development course
webinar: integrating liberal arts and engineering


services
research
become a member
 






advocating for the humanities across the country
the national humanities alliance (nha) is a nationwide coalition advocating for the humanities on campuses, in communities, and on capitol hill.
learn more about nha
register to attend our next event.
the 2025 annual meeting and humanities advocacy day will take place march 9th – 11th, in washington, dc. this event provides an opportunity to learn about campus- and community-based advocacy and to advocate on capitol hill for federal funding.
learn more and register today!
find your path.
get involved.
whether you are a humanities educator, a professional at a museum, library, or cultural institution, or a citizen committed to a society that values the humanities, we help you make the case for the humanities to those who need to hear it most.

engage with congress
promote undergraduate study
promote local organizations
cultivate public scholarship
document your impact

we have resources to help you advocate.reportstrategies for recruiting students to the humanitiesexplore over 100 exemplary initiatives that have succeeded in recruiting students to the humanities. read morereportapproaches to training in the public humanitiesread our case studies, project snapshots, and impact data on higher-ed based public humanities training programs.read morewebsitemake the case for the national endowment for the humanitiesbrowse individual profiles, maps, and broader analyses of the neh’s impact at the local and national levels. draw on these resources to advocate to members of congress or spread the word in your local community. read morewebsitedeepen your public humanities practicehumanitiesforall.org is a hub for resources to support public engagement in the humanities. in addition to the humanities for all database, essays, and blog, we also provide a selection of resources to support those conducting publicly engaged humanities work on campuses around the country.read moreclearinghousecombat educational gag orderscombat educational gag orders in k-12 and higher ed with resources compiled from a range organizations.read more“you can do whatever you want to do with a degree in the humanities. there’s so many directions that you can go in with it.” 
betselot wondimu
podcast guest
our toolkits help you tell your story.our toolkits are designed to help you harness data about the impact of the humanities and tell your story. toolkitdocumenting the impact of the humanities in higher educationread moretoolkitdocumenting the community impact of your humanities programread moretoolkitstudy the humanities toolkitread moretoolkitpitching the mediaread moreview all resources
become a member.
join nha’s more than 260 member organizations, including colleges, universities, libraries, museums, cultural organizations, state humanities councils, and scholarly, professional, and higher education associations. with your support we can continue to build our network of advocates and showcase the value of the humanities on campuses, in communities, and on capitol hill.
learn more & join

learn more about our work in 2024.
take a look at all nha has accomplished over the past year in our 2024 year in review.
read our year in review
stay in the loop.
interested in advocating for the humanities? sign up for our mailing list to receive action alerts, event announcements, and resources to support your advocacy efforts.
 

email

captcha
 










 




about
resources
events
services
news
facebook
twitter
instagram
email




 
become a member
donate


 photo credits
address:
1717 k street nw, suite 900
washington, dc 20006
the nha is a 501(c)(4) non-profit association and is strictly nonpartisan. the nha foundation is the 501(c)(3) supporting foundation of the national humanities alliance. it works to research and communicate the value of the humanities to a range of audiences including elected officials and the general public.





 




















