















scott's shoebox

















skip to main  |
      skip to sidebar













photos






more: rural | city | food | all galleries





















mountain biking in moab and cliff dwellings in mesa verde



my parents and i met up with my sister in salt lake city, for a family vacation to moab, canyonlands, arches, and the cliff dwellings at mesa verde (may 2012).

pictures on:

facebook
flickr





posted on
friday, march 27, 2015


0
comments























new recording: alaska



a new recording! i've been playing around with synthesizer sounds on my yamaha mo-8 keyboard and ended up putting this together:


(your browser cannot embed this audio.)


(link to mp3 file, 3 minutes)




posted on
tuesday, april 10, 2012


0
comments























living on the road



i'm currently on an extended road trip to new england, living and working on the road! i'm posting pictures and updates here on facebook. (i tried this experiment before, traveling into southern ohio, for 10 days.)

i also just took a three-week plane trip to visit my sister in salt lake city, and friends in colorado and seattle (and a short trip to vancouver). this involved a lot of mountain climbing in colorado and hill climbing in seattle. photos here on facebook.


boston / vermont / new york city - on facebook or flickr
        colorado / seattle / salt lake city - on facebook or flickr






posted on
saturday, october 01, 2011


0
comments























juggling in the circleville pumpkin festival, 2010 edition



each october, the jest jugglers head down to circleville, south of columbus, ohio, and show off their skillz in front of the crowds during the thursday pumpkin festival parade. most of us aren't entertainers, so you'll see a lot of dropped balls/clubs as we try to do the fun tricks that don't always come out right!ten videos from this year        last year's videos(last year's blog entry here.)




posted on
thursday, november 11, 2010


0
comments























joined a band



i've been playing piano in a band since last spring! we're called vox voronet. (we got the name "voronet" from an ancient monastery in romania.) our singer and guitarist, andy, i've known since we were in elementary school and he was so far ahead in reading he was in a reading group by himself. chris plays bass and synth and matt plays drums, and both are excellent musicians from youngstown.we play all original music and each make up our own parts. on the weekends we converge on andy's living room outside garrettsville and generally make an organized ruckus. in between there's a lot of practicing and composing and recording to do, and working on promotional materials, and emailing and networking to get in the door and play shows across northeast ohio, pittsburgh, and soon, columbus. being in a band is amazing but a lot of work!we're really rockin' if you can make it to one of our shows! our online recordings don't do it justice. there's nothing like live music (and even better when you get to play it!!)vox voronet:show dates and video on myspace (or facebook)download our first sampler albumto join our mailing list to find out about upcoming shows, go to our myspace page and scroll down on the right.




posted on
sunday, september 19, 2010


0
comments























new recording: groove 3



i sat down at the keyboard and this was the third of some piano grooves i came up with. i worked on it for a few weekends. my first new song in years!

(your browser cannot embed this audio.)

(link to mp3 file)last year i bought a yamaha ypg-635 digital piano, with weighted keys and a great piano sound. it's plugged into my macbook which runs garageband. i used to use a fostex 4-track tape deck, and then a version of protools on my power mac 8600 (bought in 1998). andy and i worked on a few recordings with these setups, but they were hard to use, and we weren't even doing anything that complicated. now multi-track recording is so much easier.this instrumental is mostly piano and bell sounds but has some organ for the exciting parts and a little saxophone. i also had a hi-hat cymbal in the basement that's fun to play. i don't know anything about drumming but it sounded better than something canned for the drum track. hope you can enjoy it even though it's a little rough. i'd make a lot of changes if i had more time, inspiration, and experience.inspiration came from my friends and from music i've listened to over the years like mmw (medeski, martin, and wood), the doors, led zeppelin, van morrison, and even some japanese music. early beck albums opened my eyes to the potential of badly played percussion.for my recordings from years ago, see my old music page.here's a screenshot of most of the song:




posted on
wednesday, january 27, 2010


5
comments























juggling in the circleville pumpkin festival



every year the jest jugglers (myspace, meetup.com) head down to circleville south of columbus to join the parade for the pumpkin festival. my skills probably barely register as entertainment-level, but it's lots of fun to be there with the rest of the folks.above: crowds gather in amazement at my three-ball cascade.the columbus jest jugglers warming up before the parade. featuring: evan, jesse, wes, lamar, tony, nick, liz, owen, ginny, lynn, and tom (above, or youtube link).barely controlled chaos of jugglers in the parade (youtube link).lynn's-eye view of parade, wes doing three-club tricks, jesse getting up on the six-foot unicycle, lamar juggling five balls, owen orbiting on his unicycle, evan passing out balloons (youtube link).the jugglers pass by as we near the end of the parade (youtube link).the crew, back row: tom, lynn, tony, liz, nick, lamar, evan, jesse. front row: me, wes, owen, and ginny.




posted on
sunday, november 01, 2009


0
comments




















older posts

home




subscribe to:
posts (atom)







scott on the net


flickr (photography)
linkedin
facebook
youtube
blogger profile
email




my old web site


recent books
investments for everyone
the rest of my old site




previous posts


• living on the road
• juggling in circleville pumpkin festival, 2010
• joined a band
• new recording: groove 3
• juggling in circleville pumpkin festival, 2009
• chillicothe and athens, ohio
• on the road
• why i don't read the news
• the u.s. school of the americas
• my trip to the ija juggling festival
• photo gallery, part i: nature/rural
• photo gallery, part ii: city photos
• photo gallery: food
• moving a piano
• why blogs are bad for organizing information
• it finally happened!




subscribe


subscribe to blog
subscribe to comments
subscribe to photos




friends' blogs









roots-n-shoots




on balancing sauntering, down time and having goals












andy




don delillo, maltz performing arts center, cleveland, ohio, 9/13/2016












joanna schroeder




is hermione granger white? is charlotte lucas gay?












building blocks




james is one












it's my party and i'll blog if i want to




imitation is the sincerest form of flattery












the why behind















mars girl on two wheels














other blogs i read









lolcats




family of feline pawrents share their hissterically futile attempts at 
keeping their cats off their hooman beds: ‘my cat is the owner of my bed’



                      -
                    



as cat owners, we understand that we no longer have literally any authority 
in our own homes. in fact, our homes aren't even our homes anymore, they 
are ...











the big picture




10 weekend reads



                      -
                    



the weekend is here! pour yourself a mug of colombia tolima los brasiles 
peaberry organic coffee, grab a seat by the fire, and get ready for our 
longer-f...











give me something to read




bagaimana teknologi mempengaruhi industri berita di amerika serikat



                      -
                    

dalam beberapa dekade terakhir, perkembangan teknologi telah memberikan 
dampak besar pada hampir setiap aspek kehidupan, termasuk industri berita. 
di ameri...











opinionator» fixes




what do police know about teenagers? not enough.



                      -
                    

an indiana county has instructed every cop on how teens differ 
developmentally. unnecessary arrests have plummeted as a result.











aaron swartz




what happens in



                      -
                    












ezra klein






                      -
                    














 












