






the third order





















































search  
expand  


skip to content





the third order
society of st. francis, province of americas



menu
home
news
about us

what is the third order?
the three aims of the order
how we serve
our rule
the principles
franciscan spirituality and bibliography
the franciscan family


joining our order

becoming professed
becoming a companion of the society of st. francis
local fellowships


programs

convocation 2023
the joint committee on franciscan unity
tssf medical missions fund
creation justice peace (cjp)
sacred ecology
forming franciscan families


resources

articles & videos
podcast: forming the life of a franciscan
leadership
constitutions
history of the province of the americas
historical documents
third order library
resources for tertiaries (requires password)


contact



search for:




search

 







 

are you seeking a spirituality of joy? are you looking for a community with a contemplative heart that pursues justice, peace, and the loving care of creation? the third order of the society of st. francis is an anglican/episcopal religious order for people of all kinds—single and in committed relationships, lay and ordained—who live by franciscan principles “in the world.” this is the order founded by francis himself for those who were drawn to his way but felt called to live it out right where they were.
francis of assisi is one of the most cherished saints in the history of the church. but he lived and died eight centuries ago. what is so attractive about his way that people still want to follow it? francis had a genius for seeing the face of christ in everyone he met: bishop or leper, christian or muslim, friend or stranger. francis faced some of the biggest questions of his day: how to respond to the growing gap between rich and poor? how to make peace between enemies? what is our relationship to the world god made? where is god when we suffer? because these are also the questions of our own day, francis has much to say to us.
francis took on the challenges of his time with humility, love, and joy. we in the third order today are companions on this same road. we invite you to explore this site and consider whether this way might be for you, too. in the name of christ and in the words of st. francis, we wish you peace and all good!

start your journey




about the third order



the third order of the society of st. francis is an anglican/episcopal religious order for people of all kinds — single and in committed relationships, lay and ordained—who live by franciscan principles “in the world.”

learn more



joining our order

is the franciscan vocation the expression of christian life to which god is calling you? the third order’s formation program is a time of discovery as well as a time of growth in franciscan spirituality and of learning to live a rule of life.

learn more









the franciscan family
our franciscan family includes anglican franciscans from around the world, first order brothers and sisters in the province of the americas, roman catholic secular franciscans, the ecumenical order of franciscans and the order of lutheran franciscans.

learn more







programs

learn about the work of the joint committee on franciscan unity, our medical missions, and justice peace & integrity of creation (jpic).

learn more



resources

read about the history of the third order, view some historical documents, look through the on-line library or check out the leadership of our organization.

learn more









franciscan times


read the latest edition
prayer life
pray the daily office and obedience, which are updated on our website every day.

daily office & obedience
español & português
aprender mais

aprende más








			powered by	
		miniva wordpress theme	











