










home - home builders association of greater cincinnati
























































 
 















skip to content














menu 
homeabout about us staff board of directors associate member council (amc) ohio valley development council (ovdc) next generation council get involved contact usmembers benefits resources directory logineventsconsumer resources find a builder/ remodeler/developer resources member directorycommunity careers in construction giving backwhat’s new hba news permit datahome shows homearama® citirama® citiscapes® the hba demo home











facebook





twitter





linkedin





instagram





youtube

































 
















home builders association of greater cincinnati






working together to build greater cincinnati's dynamic future while preserving its creative past.









interested in becoming a member?







join today!





















get connected












directory


find a member 
 














calendar


education/events 
 














login


member center 
 














jobs


job board 
 





















the benefits of joining the hba of greater cincinnati



















we’re a professional organization of builders, developers, remodelers and related businesses who aspire to be on the leading edge of home building through networking, education and industry advocacy. we promote professionalism, educational opportunities, economic growth and community development.







learn more





















for consumers






homeownership is an aspiration shared by many. whether you’re building your first, second, or last home, or remodeling your existing home, hba of greater cincinnati members can be a valuable part of that process. click on the specific section below for additional information.
members of the hba of greater cincinnati are experts on a wide array of home projects, materials, and services. and our builder members (builders, remodelers, and developers) are required to adhere to strict construction performance standards and provide at least a one-year warranty on all work. they must also agree to participate in a consumer conciliation process to resolve workmanship quality issues







find out what hba can do for you
























mark your calendar

















upcoming events























 












© 2025 home builders association of greater cincinnati
 | 
site by growthzone






















faqsprivacy policy








contact us











home builders association of greater cincinnati









phone




513-851-6300 










address & map




11260 chester road, suite 800,cincinnati, oh 45246 










contact us




info@cincybuilders.com 


















 © 2025 home builders association of greater cincinnati.  all rights reserved | site by growthzone 








 



















