


the razzies! - home




















































				home
			



				razz blogz
			



				razz newz
			



				razztory
			



				join/vote!
			



				razz-eyes
			



				sponsor
			



				your razzie picks
			



				razzie swag
			










































click here for full list!






schedule for 45th razzies and 97th oscarswednesday, january 22, 2025 -    nominations for 45th razzies announced  thursday, january 23, 2025 -   nominations for 97th oscars announced  friday, february 14, 2025 -    final ballots and instructions for 45th razzies sent to all voting members 11:59pm/pst sunday, february 23 -   final ballot voting closes for 45th razzies saturday, march 1, 2025 -   "winners" of 45th razzies announced sunday, march 2, 2025 -    97th academy awards broadcast on abc 



colin jost delivers the poop on razzies final jeopardy! segment






we survived the box office s-hits of summer






we're compiling our list of 2024 worsts as the 45th razzies come at us like a freight train. ​welcome aboard!  dump your list here.



god speed, shelley duvall






tall and saucer-eyed, shelley duvall was one of the most memorable character actresses of her time. her resume ranged from a perfectly cast olive oyl in the robin williams version of popeye, to the frizzy-haired wanna-be rock star in robert altman's nashville.  she also starred as the terrified wife threatened with an axe and a baseball bat in stanley kubrick's the shining. duvall recently passed away at age 75.in 1981, the razzies first year, duvall was nominated as worst actress for the shining.  years later, duvall told an interviewer that kubrick subjected her to constant verbal and mental abuse throughout the making of shining, and that she was overwhelmed by the experience.  based on her having been egregiously abused, the razzies rescinded the nomination and publicly apologized duvall.god speed, shelley.  you were a unique and wonderful talent who will long be fondly remembered. read washington post article on razzies and duvall​



watch






 the mean gays take over the 44th razzies® as winnie the pooh: blood and honey sweeps - click here for who won what!



criterion channel​celebrates razzie® classics all march long!






and the razzie goes to . . .every year, the golden raspberry awards (a.k.a. the razzies) honor the “worst” in contemporary cinema. yet in doing so, they have often inadvertently shed light on films so out-there, so uncompromising, so beyond the bounds of accepted “good” taste that they demand attention. while some infamous razzie winners like xanadu, barb wire, and gigli live on as classics of camp and cult, others, like michael cimino’s heaven’s gate, elaine may’s ishtar, and paul verhoeven’s showgirls have been reclaimed as fearlessly ambitious expressions of personal vision. in a topsy-turvy way, this program pays tribute to those divisive films that continue to fascinate and provoke debate, while calling into question the very line that separates high and low culture.https://www.criterionchannel.com/and-the-razzie-goes-to



​details for 2024 razzies!






 ​after strikes, lingerings of a worldwide plague and a general sense of universal agoraphobia, the decline of the cinematic experience goes without saying.  thankfully, a doll pic and a bomb movie jump-started the industry, which still left a trail of pooh behind for the razzies® to pick up!  full list here ...
full list of razzie nomineez!












what went horribly wrong?
almost as bad as desantis’ “i want to be king” campaign,  is this year’s story of his nemesis.  2023 is the year dizz-knee turns 100 and there just won’t be that much to celebrate - if you take in a disastrous take-in or lack thereof at the box office. so, who moved the cheese?    (continue here)



just when you thought it was safe to return to the razzies!
watch the 43rd razzie award winners






check out  "winners" list here
​only the best own their bad!




43rd razzie® nominations 






here's the complete list of everything that's nominated this year - ​minus ryan kiera armstrong as a contender.









msn exhumes & examines every razzie worst picture







actors who won a razzie and an oscar









we have rescinded the razzie®award given to bruce willis after learning his diagnosis






see our official statement here









watch the 42nd razzie® award winners video
for the full list of the lucky razzie recipients - click here!









why the razzies are a better measure of our culture than the oscars!









halle sets her razzie on fire!








takes it like a champ!



take a trip down memory lamewith our most prolific repeat offendersover at msn uk






the actors with the most razzie award nominations. for every best there must be a worst, and actors’ performances are no exception. the golden raspberry awards have been the counterbalance to the oscars since 1981. in that time, the mock ceremony has handed out some humbling awards to some of hollywood’s brightest stars. here are some of the razzies’ most decorated award “winners.”



alan menken is now a regot!
the 8 time oscar® winner didn't have every awarduntil he claimed his razzie!






mr. menken noted that he is not just an egot winner, but a regot winner.“i won the razzie for worst song of the year for the ‘newsies’ movie for ‘high times, hard times,’” he said. “i’m very proud that i actually have a regot.” the razzies — officially, the golden raspberry awards — are presented to the year’s worst films. receiving one “puts everything into perspective,” mr. menken said. “you get all these awards and then, thank goodness, a razzie comes along to just kick you in the butt, which is very healthy, really.”​



41st razzie award winners have dropped!






in a year when everything sucked, everybody gets a little something from the 41st annual razzie® awards, including a governors’ trophy for 2020 itself!absolute proof, music, 365 days, dolittleand rudy giuliani all score $4.97 statuettesand more!



we're ready eddie - for your comeback!






eddie murphy stopped acting after ‘sh*tty movies’ earned him decade’s worst actor razzie​










always in our hearts 






the stage feels emptier without our friend and longtime razzer par excellence. ​god speed.




 farewell f.o.r. - friend of the ra zzies









42 years of razzie horrors



click through our gallery of horror!






it takes a big man to humble himself!     the rock accepts for razzie/rotten tomatoes category:
it’s the #oscars and hollywood’s biggest night! so let me go ahead and take this “l” right on the chin for baywatch. win some, lose some.. but hey, that’s the way love goes. @razzieawards #baywatch□□ #andthewinnerloseson pic.twitter.com/2icyzfvhsv— dwayne johnson (@therock) march 4, 2018 





 a shining razzie throwback!






one of the most controversial choices our voting members ever made happened our very first year, when our scrappy bad-film society was less than 50 people....read more:



   award season is over -
the "cat lady" has sung!



 
the nomz are in and the bestof the worst have been outed!






watch this year's razzie nominations announcement
voting members of the golden raspberry awards have sifted through a bumper crop of cinematic crud and made their selections for 2019’s worst achievements in film.   check out the entire list here...



cats claws its way to the top!​rotten tomatoes:  razzie awards 2020 nominations: full list of nominees for the 40th golden raspberry awards









robert conrad accepted numerous razzie awards in 2000, for the film version ofwild, wild, west , which he was not in but hated!r.i.p tough guy!




























just try it.  try watching the assaulting/insulting rambo: last (?) blood and then relax and take in something at the other end of the spectrum: downton abbey as a double feature!  it’s like eating an artery-plugging, brain-clogging, heart-stopping junk food meal and then having a tangy, yet sweet healthy sorbet to cleanse one's filthy palette afterwards.  basically, it's a trip to polar opposite worldsread more ...






not just anyone can make a razzie-qualifierby raleigh welch






hellboy (2019) stumbled into theaters this april, failing not only to make back its budget but to revive this dying franchise. so, how does a franchise go from hero to zero?​read more



















dwayne johnson's responds to winning a razzie!









oliver's ick-response to trump performance!









eddie redmayne owns it!






so bad it's become a phenomena!






worst film of its decade ... gets its own sizzling documentary!






exclusive ‘holmes and waston’ clip presents bloopers ​from the golden razzie award-winning film
more picks of the weak - here!



the verdict is in!






don't forget to subscribe to razzie channel for updates!






the three most intriguing 2019 razzie nominees!

























a peek back at the nomz!






be a card-carrying razzie voting member!









razzie discussions around the net:






hey trump - come get your razzie!






eddie redmayne owns his razzie performance






what izza razzie?






oscar & razzie winners!











38th full razzie nomz






wapo dissects razzie nomz






razzie winner in exile!





razzies note to oscar:  don't fail us now!






sometimes we just forget who we are.continue read ​




38th razzie's "in memoriam"






razzie winner donald trump pardons razzie winner dinesh d'souza ​ - but the razzies will not!











38th razzie awards - and the"winners" are ...








38th razzie nominations video











rip burt - you entertained us with the good and the bad!















​www.youtube.com/watch?time_continue=7&v=4af5qcid6jk















contact: info@razzies.com
 
copyright © razzies llc 2024
 









				home
			



				razz blogz
			



				razz newz
			



				razztory
			



				join/vote!
			



				razz-eyes
			



				sponsor
			



				your razzie picks
			



				razzie swag
			









