







adding authentic expression to your artificial intelligence. 















































0








        skip to content
      













todd roeth








        look book
      



        case studies
      



        clients
      



        work history
      



        biography
      




























open menu
close menu

















todd roeth








        look book
      



        case studies
      



        clients
      



        work history
      



        biography
      




























open menu
close menu
























                  look book
                





                  case studies
                





                  clients
                





                  work history
                





                  biography
                




































mehey chatgpt, please write a simple and accurate explanation that summarizes the skill sets and experiences todd roeth has gained in his career. don't use any title-inflated techno babble  that tries to sound more important than he really is.
















chat gpttodd roeth has built a strong skill set over his career. he's experienced in project management  making pixels and prose people-friendly for brands and products, leading teams to successful outcomes. he's got a knack for problem-solving and decision-making, often finding creative solutions. his communication skills shine, making him effective in both written and verbal exchanges. with a background in finance design, he's adept at creating experiences and products that are equally understood and felt, managing budgets and financial aspects of projects. 















editors note: artificial intelligence is not the same as authentic (or often accurate) expression. both are valuable and most effective in their mutual application.














recently










head of customer experience design

key responsibilities: brand strategy & development, corporate identity design, creative direction, content strategy and creation, web design, sales enablement experiences, marketing and campaign strategy











vice president, brand & creative

key responsibilities: brand design, customer and employee experiences, digital marketing strategy marketing campaigns,  content and event marketing, performance marketing, sales enablement design, unicorn therapist











creative director & partner apprentice

key responsibilities: creative and design account lead, ux design and research, recruiting and staffing, digital experience transformation lead,  mobile product design, e-commerce design lead, team mentor for ibm patterns design program











ux design director (tvc)

key responsibilities: design team lead (core ux division), employee experience design, ux research, ui writing, visual design, account lead and project manager, service design, software and hardware accessibility design  







        full resume
      


























i provide creative services for clients via foxbright red, engaging on individual assignments and retained commissions 




    foxbright.red
  














other roles & clients















brand strategy and creative direction















creative and design lead for the gateway project.















creative consultant: brand & marketing campaigns















design director, global e-commerce team















director of creative and content marketing















creative director: web, mobile, brand















ux design director, digital transformation team




    see work history
  




















i am also sometimes a photographer and creative director for artists and record labels in the music industry.


























todd is the middle english name for ‘fox’. roeth comes from the german word for ‘red’.



✕  role & purposei am a cross-functional catalyst and creative compass for ux/cx design, brand and marketing functions. curiosity, passion, and discerning sensibilities of design and culture fuel my motivation to lead high performing teams who improve people’s relationships and interactions with companies and brands. my purpose is to help people understand each other and the tech between us by creating experiences that raise our human capacity - and capacity to be human - through elegant use of design and technology.




    view resume
  



✕ work historyi draw on two decades of diverse experiences with global consultancy services, creative agencies, startups, and academia. each has equipped me with a breadth of creative skill sets in visual, ux, and ui design, user/customer experience, and content creation, as well analytical skills in user and consumer research, and performance measurement.  common to all is a deep interest in finding meaningful relationships between design, technology, and business to create a healthy balance of people, pixels, and profit. 




    learn more
  



✕ biographya product of the midwest, i bring a practical yet provocative approach to design. i grew up in rural ohio, raised by a librarian and biology professor, with an intense passion for artistic exploration. when paired with an inherent and cultural engrained protestant work ethic (bauernjunge arbeitsmoral), it can lead to an unorthodox career path. 




    read more
  














primary skill set



✕ creative & design leadership✕ digital experience strategy✕ brand strategy & design✕ design thinking & doing✕ user experience (ux) design



✕ campaign development✕ prototype development & testing✕ generative & evaluative ux research✕ user interface (ui) design✕ video & photography production



✕ digital marketing strategy✕ e-commerce & cx design ✕ sales enablement design✕ cross-functional comms✕ copywriting














additional hard skills



✕ 20+ years of experience with adobe creative suite✕ figma ✕ squarespace✕ miro/mural/figjam✕ google workspace✕ print design and pre-production✕ environmental design and retail space design✕ design thinking and workshop facilitation



other soft skills



✕ presentation design and public speaking✕ leadership, management and mentorship✕ listening, especially for unarticulated needs✕ communicating business, brand, and customer value ✕ aesthetic pragmatism✕ critical thinking, emotional agility and resilience✕ self awareness, from the curse of knowledge to the dunning-kruger effect














i’m a lot like the unflappable waiter serving the table where design, marketing and product teams all sit down for dinner, and everyone’s a picky eater and someone has a tree nut allergy. if you’re interested in genuine thinking from 20 years of creative and design leadership delivered through genuine insights about the people i’ve served, you’ll enjoy my essays published on the ux collective and a variety business publications. no gratuity required. 





















four lessons from a year of riding a unicorn

and how johnny cash taught me everything i need to know about vc in 2022.



        read the essay
      





project planning for designers: don’t focus on features; plan for the purpose

when planning, we often can’t see the forest for the trees. design teams can be the rangers.



        read the essay
      





are shareholders the real users?

waves of layoffs in the tech sector are revealing the ultimate end user. and it might be you.



        read the essay
      





design should be simple. why aren’t design roles?

a no-nonsense guide to the differences between the world of marketing and ux.



        read the essay
      



























































see all published essays.





























































additional work















essays on designarticles appear in the ux collective, the startup and other publications exploring design, tech, and about the people in between.medium.com/@toddroeth →



























creative journali work in a variety of mediums on commissioned assignments and personal projects to expand and improve my understanding of design, and myself. nightfox.es →



























portraiture photographya life-long passion for music and a career path that has crossed the industry has afforded me experiences to study musicians through a camera.lookat.toddroeth.com →





















i build with pixels as well as plywood, figma and framing hammers. i am passionate about creating products, objects, and experiences that are useful, aesthetic, and intuitive. i work best with my dog lasso, at my feet. and occasionally, he’s right there on the bench with me.  

















todd roeth is an effective leader with an innate understanding of his teams, the end users, and the cultural landscape we inhabit. he is passionate about form and function, and is always honing his deep skillset across creative craft and design methods, and is at his best when building: brands, products, systems, experiences, treehouses, and above all, teams. he has over 20 years of experience solving complex business challenges at global scale for innovative organizations.   






































essays i’ve written on design and business, but mostly the people in between.















a decades-old field journal of personal projects, things i’ve built, and creative exploration.















portrait photography assignments from record labels, artists management and direct commissions.











