





martha graham dance company – the official home of the martha graham dance company











































skip to content



toggle navigationcompanydancersrepertorybookinglicensingeventsstudiolocation + directionsrentalsschoolabouthistorystaff + boardmerchsupporttoggle navigationhomeeventsdancersstudiomerchdonate
 





martha graham dance companym sherwood2025-02-08t06:53:25-05:00 
reserve your seat nowreserve your seat nowthe martha graham dance company 2025 season gala, presenting martha graham‘s clytemnestra part ii and the world premiere of baye & asa‘s cortege at the joyce theater followed by cocktails, creative hors d’oeuvres, and dancing at the altman building. april 1 2025.
rsvp herethe martha graham dance company 2025 season gala, presenting martha graham‘s clytemnestra part ii and the world premiere of baye & asa‘s cortege at the joyce theater followed by cocktails, creative hors d’oeuvres, and dancing at the altman building. april 1 2025.
rsvp herecoming up…on tour
stillwater, ok
february 8
the mcknight center for the performing arts
buy ticketsstudio series
grahamdeconstructed: deaths and entrances
february 25-26
martha graham studio theater, nyc
buy ticketson tour
long island, ny
february 28
the tilles center for the performing arts
buy ticketssee the full calendar of eventsannouncing graham100, our three-season 100th anniversary celebration of martha graham and her company’s legacy.
100 years of the martha graham dance companyannouncing graham100, our three-season 100th anniversary celebration of martha graham and her company’s legacy.
100 years of the martha graham dance companyjoin us for a glass of wine, good conversation, and a behind-the-scenes look at the work of the graham company in their private rehearsal space.
2024-25 studio series calendarjoin us for a glass of wine, good conversation, and a behind-the-scenes look at the work of the graham company in their private rehearsal space.
2024-25 studio series calendarmartha graham schoolthe oldest professional school of dance in the united states and the only one primarily focused on the martha graham technique and repertory.
visit marthagraham.edusupport our scholarship programsorry, your browser doesn't support embedded videos.book usthe graham repertory provides almost limitless possibilities for events, performances and curricula that can enhance a range of subjects for any audience.
learn morebook usthe graham repertory provides almost limitless possibilities for events, performances and curricula that can enhance a range of subjects for any audience.
learn moresupportyour generosity supports the company’s audience development and education programs, new works, and the preservation of graham masterpieces.
donate nowjoin our patreon



 
 






info@marthagraham.org . 212-229-9200 . 55 bethune street, new york, ny 10014  all materials copyright martha graham center of contemporary dance, inc.	


instagramfacebookyoutube
 
 
 
 
 
 
page load link























































































go to top




