







the h.p. lovecraft archive



















 
home
   
his life
   
his writings
   
his creations
   
his study
   
popular culture
   
internet resources
   
about this site
 













h.p.
         lovecraft(1890–1937)
 
howard phillips lovecraft (20 august 1890–15 march 1937) is probably best known as
         a writer of weird fiction, but some believe his voluminous correspondence to be his
         greatest accomplishment. you can explore his numerous facets through the many pages
         outlined here:
his life provides information on lovecraft’s
         life, family, correspondents, interests, and a photo gallery;
his writings explores his wide variety of
         works, including his fiction and letters, and includes many electronic texts;
his creations outlines his fictional elements
         including lovecraftian locations in new england, a bestiary, and a list of grimoires;
his study has information on biographies,
         literary criticism, bibliographies, periodicals, and online articles;
popular culture details the movies, games,
         music, and art based on lovecraft’s works, as well as the
         “cthulhu mythos”;
internet resources gives information on other
         lovecraft-related sites, newsgroups, and ftp sites; and
about this site outlines the purpose and goals of
         this site.


if you enjoy the h.p. lovecraft archive,
         consider donating:

         if you wish to create a link to the h.p. lovecraft archive, please use this button:
         


what’s new


11 november 2024: 
created pages for the shunned house: whipple edition and night black deeds: an enriched edition of h. p. lovecraft’s “the shunned house”, both edited by n. r. jenzen-jones, sean branney, and andrew leman (helios house press); and the lovecraftian poe, edited by sean moreland (lehigh university press).


12 september 2024: 
created a page for the case of charles dexter ward (necronomicon press), illustrated by jason c. eckhardt.


20 august 2024: 
happy birthday to h. p. lovecraft!


8 august 2024: 
created pages for four new hippocampus press publications—the revised hardback edition of collected fiction, a variorum edition, volume 4: revisions and collaborations by h. p. lovecraft and edited by s. t. joshi (now including the four stories lovecraft revised for c. m. eddy, jr.); the fifth revised and enlarged edition of lovecraft’s library: a catalogue edited by s. t. joshi and david e. schultz; more lovecraftian people and places by ken faig, jr.; and lovecraftian proceedings no. 5 edited by elena tchougounova-paulson—and added the table of contents for lovecraft annual number 18 (2024) to our periodicals database!


6 may 2024: 
created a page summarizing the schedule of necronomicon providence 2022.






 



site last revised 11 november 2024

 










 
contact us
   
site map
   
search
   
donate
   
copyright © 1998–2025 by donovan k. loucks. all rights reserved.
 















