

tattoo designs & tattoos meanings, celebrity tattoos, tattoo photo galleries














































 




home
tattoo blog
symbols & designs
celebrity tattoos
tattoo project
photo galleries
tattoo videos
tattoo culture
tattoo museum
tribal tattoos
tattoo facts
tattoo links
shop directory 









 











octopus tattoos
                  

karima adebibe




daniel bamdad



hemingson photography















  tattoo designs & symbols
get great ideas for your next tattoo by checking out our huge list of the  world's most popular tattoo designs and symbols and their meanings. 
		read the fascinating history behind the evolution of tattoo art & design, from early nautical 
		tattoos to modern tribalism & all styles in between.  what are the hottest symbols & designs?  everything you ever wanted to know about getting a tattoo! we have info about tattoo design ideas for girls and men. what are the  top 10 tattooed body parts?  speaking of body parts... how about the top 10 hand tattoos?












              celebrity tattoos

        which celebrities and historical
        figures have tattoos? some you know about but a few will surprise you. -- see what tattoos and the hottest, sexiest
        most desirable women in the world have in common! check to see who  the 25 most popular tattooed 
		celebrities were (based on internet searches). 
             who are 
			the  world's hottest 101 tattooed 
			men?


 
              tattoo museum

         our online 
	tattoo museum covers tattoos and tattoo culture from ancient to modern. from tattooed mummies 
	to north america's first nations people and their tattoos. visit the 
	    tattoo history index to see all 
	the sections our tattoo museum has to offer. try one of our  trivia
        quizzes, view ancient tribal tattoos & body art designs from around the world at our   tattoo history museum.
 tattoo photo galleries
view our  breathtaking  bodyart and photo
        galleries -- including the amazing tattoo 
        photographers galleries featuring  photos & work from some of the very best fine art body and tattoo photographers in the world today! 
		see our tattoo model gallery section and find out who the most popular tattooed models are. what is the tattoo project?
 


 
              tattoo history map of the world!

            our interactive tattoo map of the world has now launched. we have now rolled out of the map at our tattoo museum. check out oceania, asian, north american, south american, african and european tattoo history now.
 take a look at a large version of the full map to see  the  many locations and the tribal cultures that practiced the ancient art of tattooing.























 
 
 


 
vanishing tattoo home
 
advertise with us

tattoo photo galleries



our team

link to us

tattoo videos










 
 



contact information

museum of tattoo history

tattoo designs & symbols



tattoo tribe store

tattoo history articles

celebrity tattoos



tattoo links

tribal tattoos worldwide

facts about tattoos



 

 
tattoo quiz



 
 
 
tattoos in the news


 














