














rush creek golf club - maple grove, mn






















































golf
course informationhole-by-hole flyoverscourse ratescardholder programsmac ninecourse availabilitytee timeslessons
golf lessonsadult programsjunior programsrestaurantevents
events overviewgolf eventsweddingsparties & banquetsmeetingsfunerals & memorialsevent menu & room layoutsevents calendarstoregalleries
decor ideasgolf coursemacmillan ballroomskye room weddingshighlander pubthe mac ninewedding pictureswedding ceremoniescontact
contact usstaffemployment opportunitieseclub sign up



book a tee time  763-494-0400 

























                            rush creek golf club
                            
                        

   welcome to an unparalleled golf, dining, and event experience.








 














minnesota's
premiergolf facility






welcome to minnesota's premiere golf facility, just 20 minutes from downtown minneapolis! rush creek was founded in 1996 by w. duncan macmillan. he had a spectacular vision to turn an old golf course and farm into a first class golf facility. an avid sportsman, he wanted to make sure golf was a sport that everyone could participate in, so he created a private club feel for a public golf course. working with renowned architects, john fought and bob cupp, the course and original clubhouse were built and his dream became a reality. soon after golfers started playing, it became quite evident that a clubhouse expansion was needed. in 2000, our macmillan ballroom and banquet center were opened. south-west exposure gives breath-taking views of the golf course and wetlands. you will experience the "wow!" factor. we are proud to continue our founder's vision and work hard to provide a high level of service. we look forward to making your visit one of a kind.








































008 0053
0214 img 2363
ericvestphotography karlychriswedding 5
course
hole 18
building image 2





















    view upcoming events


check out what’s coming up at the club. 


view event calendar















    take a virtual tour


take a walk through rush creek golf club! 


view now















    weddings & events


make your special day the perfect memory.


more information























    "an incredible job each and every time we have our tournament at rush creek. i've been attending and/or chairing golf tournaments for a number of years and you are, by far, the best club i've worked with. would recommend you to anyone looking for a first class event!"

lynne sneed, terry anderson memorial





    "we are so glad we chose rush creek for our reception site - it took the wedding to a whole new level!"

jessie & jesse, bride & groom





    "i have been working on my game with aaron jacobson over the last four years. he is a fabulous teacher. my handicap is now a 6 and i just shot 76 - my lowest round ever. these days when i hit a really good shot i say out loud, 'thanks coach'."

ed chanin





    "what was most impressive was your staff. they were nothing short of excellent."

tom mahlke
























 


cardholder programs

    become a cardholder today and call rush creek your home course.


									more info

























location
7801 county road 101maple grove, mn 55311
get directions


call us
763.494.0400
email us
info@rushcreek.com
follow
  

sign up to receive our e-news






first name(*)


invalid input



last name(*)


invalid input



email(*)


invalid input





submit







receive email updates on course information, restaurant, junior golf and more. free to sign up. unsubscribe anytime.








© 2022 rush creek golf club | contact us | site mappowered by foreup 












close 







home







golf
course informationhole-by-hole flyoverscourse ratescardholder programsmac ninecourse availabilitytee timeslessons
golf lessonsadult programsjunior programsrestaurantevents
events overviewgolf eventsweddingsparties & banquetsmeetingsfunerals & memorialsevent menu & room layoutsevents calendarstoregalleries
decor ideasgolf coursemacmillan ballroomskye room weddingshighlander pubthe mac ninewedding pictureswedding ceremoniescontact
contact usstaffemployment opportunitieseclub sign up





×



winter hours for the highlander pub tuesday - saturday4pm - 9pmthe golf course, driving range and par 3 course are closed for the season! 




