

panama public schools






 


quick linksskip to main contentskip to navigation

search for:panama public schools
current conditions as of 18 feb 03:35 am cstovercastlocation:panamafeels like:32°humidity:nawind:ne 6 mph37°overnightcloudy, with a low around 31. east wind around 10 mph. tuesdaya chance of rain before 9am, then freezing rain.  high near 32. east wind 10 to 15 mph, with gusts as high as 20 mph.  chance of precipitation is 90%. new ice accumulation of 0.1 to 0.2 of an inch possible. tuesday nightsnow, mainly before midnight.  low around 13. wind chill values between 4 and 9. north wind around 10 mph.  chance of precipitation is 80%. new snow accumulation of 1 to 2 inches possible. weather forecast provided by weather.gov.

search
panama public schools logo
main navigationtoggle navigationcurrent conditions as of 18 feb 03:35 am cstovercastlocation:panamafeels like:32°humidity:nawind:ne 6 mph37°overnightcloudy, with a low around 31. east wind around 10 mph. tuesdaya chance of rain before 9am, then freezing rain.  high near 32. east wind 10 to 15 mph, with gusts as high as 20 mph.  chance of precipitation is 90%. new ice accumulation of 0.1 to 0.2 of an inch possible. tuesday nightsnow, mainly before midnight.  low around 13. wind chill values between 4 and 9. north wind around 10 mph.  chance of precipitation is 80%. new snow accumulation of 1 to 2 inches possible. weather forecast provided by weather.gov.

search
homespecial education
 policypolicy go to policy...policy - 2025 use of funds planpolicy - discipline policypolicy - home shaffer actpolicy - ossba policypolicy - safe return plan 2025policy - standard response protocolpolicy - title ixdropdown togglepolicy - special informationpolicy - go to special information...policy - special information - fraud waste and abusepolicy - special information - school report cardpolicy - parent involvement policydropdown togglepolicy - school boardpolicy - go to school board...policy - school board - board meeting agendaspolicy - health and wellnesspolicy - federal programs stakeholders' meeting
 schoolsschools go to schools...schools - calendardropdown toggleschools - high schoolschools - go to high school...schools - high school - record requestsschools - high school - return to learn plandropdown toggleschools - middle schoolschools - go to middle school...schools - middle school - return to learn plandropdown toggleschools - upper elementaryschools - go to upper elementary...schools - upper elementary - school calendarschools - upper elementary - student handbookschools - upper elementary - ue staffschools - upper elementary - a word from the principaldropdown toggleschools - lower elementaryschools - go to lower elementary...schools - lower elementary - student handbookschools - lower elementary - return to learn plan
suicide/school threat hotlines
 parentsparents go to parents...parents - online student transfer formparents - parent resources
athletics
 enrollmentenrollment go to enrollment...dropdown toggleenrollment - enrollment resourcesenrollment - go to enrollment resources...enrollment - enrollment resources - enrollment formsenrollment - immunizationsenrollment - online enrollment
 cafeteriacafeteria go to cafeteria...cafeteria - menu
panama public school handbook
job openings
erate
 calendar



schoolsgradebook/guardian


news tabhighlights tabbanners tabtab dropdown toggle2024-2025 panama handbook 
 
click the link to read the handbook:
 
2024-2025 panama handbook
read morepanama athletic websitepanama athletic website
 
https://sites.google.com/panama.k12.ok.us/panama-athletics/home
 

read more
tab dropdown toggletab dropdown toggle


video of the week tabpoll tabdistrict tabhs tabms tabue table tabtab dropdown toggletab dropdown toggletab dropdown toggletab dropdown toggletab dropdown toggletab dropdown toggletab dropdown toggle


panama public schools401 high school drivepanama, ok  74951ph: 918-963-2215district fax: 918-963-4860

download our app. stay informed.
optimized for your mobile phone, our app will keep you informed while on the go. download today from the links below.









districthigh schoolmiddle schoolupper elementarylower elementarysignup for text notificationstext notifications
sign up for text notifications

© 2025 panama public schoolsaccessibilityprivacy pledgethis institution is an equal opportunity provider.







