









faster payments for creators. paperchain is a wallet and card funded by your digital content revenues. daily.

































instant creator payments
a money app for creators that pays you every day.
say hello to paperchain 👋🏿
available to us creators only.





























introducing paperchain card
the only card that gives you instant access to your creative income.






























































paperchain wallet
an app built for creators, paperchain is the home for creator income. make your money, get paid everyday.



digital first
a money app that shows you what you need to know when you login every morning — how much money you made yesterday.




flexibility
with easy card-locking and transaction notifications, we make sure you have complete control over when, where and how your paperchain card is being used. 




security
create virtual cards in your wallet. use your virtual card online while keeping your physical card safe.









as featured in








image/svg+xml




































image/svg+xml

























national public radio logo













pitchfork logo



image/svg+xml

pitchfork logo


















































benefits
no hidden fees or minimum balance
spend your money your way


no fee atm withdrawals
we'll reimburse your atm fees for the first 3 months


money management
instant spending notifications, insights and more


paperchain pay
instantly send or receive money from other paperchain users for free


member support
chat with us in the app any time or day


secure balances
funds held at evolve bank, member fdic




coming soon
native app support
ios and android app support


earn points, get cash back
get up to 15x points when you swipe your card


make money with money
may earn interest automatically on funds in your wallet


digital dollar support
automatically generate yield returns with defi wallet integration








creator built and backed
we're creators and have built music technology and fintech platforms. now we're building the new creator finance layer.
investors from:
















































































































































paperchain blog






services provided by stripe payments company. banking services provided by evolve bank & trust, member fdic.
paperchain inc. is not a bank and the wallet and card product is not a banking app.
instant payments by paperchain is only available to members whose distribution or streaming platform is partnered with paperchain. instant payments are provided at no cost by paperchain, however your distributor or streaming platform may charge you for this service.
by using this card you agree to the terms and conditions of the cardholder agreement and fee schedule, if any. 







copyright © paperchain inc. 2022

privacy policy
                    •
                    e-sign consent















