


sky-web for web design, site optimisation and search engine optimisation













sky-web 
web design - databases - search engine optimisation- usability engineering
design 
    & hosting   
    taggart & wright  virus 
    news info  recent 
    projects  web articles

sky-web are a group of web designers and programmers, originally based in kent, but now in manchester, uk . 
    we specialize in it consultancy, web page design and development, small databases 
    (both for the web and the desktop), web site optimisation (usability engineering 
    and seo), aviation and science. we have strong links with several other it 
    specialists, with whom we often work as a team on larger projects, and this 
    relationship enables us to provide a wide range of services whenever necessary. 
    we regularly provide web site optimisation and database services for one of 
    these companies.
if we manage the entire web site, we can use our own hosting service to keep 
    the costs down, thus enabling companies, clubs, musicians, festivals to have 
    an affordable web site, opening up commercial web space to more people.
typically a small business, local festival, artist, club, theatre group or entertainer 
    would find that the inclusive web service we offer is much cheaper than the 
    traditional approach of pay a designer, pay a domain register, pay a hosting 
    service and then hope (or pray) that the total price is affordable.
 



some recent projects



 


as well as working on their home site, the international sustainable development research society has asked us to create their annual conference websites (we created their main site years ago.). the 2023 isdrs conference is the third one we have created, with others listed here.
did you know diesel can get degraded by bugs eating it? oxford fuel polishing cleans diesel fuel for boats and barges on canals and rivers within 100 miles of their wantage base. they were very pleased with their new website, which they ordered after the success of their marine services business.
oxford marine services provides engineering, electrical and mechanical services of all sorts to the marine community in the oxford, wantage and surrounding areas.
an artist decided she would like a website to show some of her work and the result was ingridthepainter.co.uk. another happy client.
the general aviation alliance exists to support all forms of aviation when new regulations are under review. their old website was in need of an update so they contacted us, based on recommendations about our work with other aviation organisations.
a creator of artist impressions for architects and builders needed a showcase for her work, leading to artistimpressions4u.co.uk
the bgashop was recently updated to a more modern ecommerce site, after a server upgrade caused them problems with their original shop. it's nice when old customers come back after many years for a new look design.
after providing regular technical support for greenfield entertainment, we went on to create a small site for them  - greenfield shooting.
do you care about birds and cats? same here. we created a short two year project to raise money for a charity. we had earlier done some other work with the person in charge, so she hired us again. this site is now off line as the project is over
when the british gliding association lost their original web developer, they turned to us to  maintain their old site for several years, before a team from major company developed a new site.
we worked at oxford university's department of sociology to produce their new website. the site has recently been restyled (some colours and sizes were changed), but the underlying code that pulls data from the database is still ours. we also provided support to another department's site, but it has now been updated since we left.
artist heather hunter, wanted her old web site modernised and hunterbooks.co.uk was given a major redesign and face-lift.
the international sustainable development research society eventually wanted a new web site and some consultancy advice. we were pleased to help them, again.
we helped lasham gliding society with the google adwords campaign
vincent mph, builders of the kit car of the same name, came to us after their original designer was unavailable and they wanted a redesign with extra features. we also created a small site to their own design for their classic car services business in oxfordshire.
international scientific society, isdrs.org, needed their site re-developed and membership features added. we have worked with them for several years now.
	  we recently gave oxfordshire based graphic designer aptart-design some assistance with their web site.
need to buy a cat scratching post? we have just finished an ecommerce shop for american supplier natural scratch which is now online.
charity the fintry trust initially had us tweek the appearance of their site, and we have been supporting them for many years since.
website redesign/modernisation for a gliding club who have used 
            our services previously for their competition websites. windrushers 
            gliding club, oxfordshire. eventually we did another redesign when they had a name change to bicester gliding centre. coming soon - another national gliding championship web site for the same people.
a local gliding club wished to advertise their holiday courses and 
            glidingholiday.co.uk was 
            the result.
ladsandlasses had trouble 
            with their old online shop, so we built them a much more modern ecommerce 
            site. and they are very happy now. after many years of hard work, they are now retired and the site went offline
after struggling to edit their cheaply built web site (cheap is 
            never cheap in the long run), the 
            transformational changes team asked us to add a simple editing 
            system so they could make small edits whenever necessary. they are very pleased 
            with their new easy editing system. later on, we redesigned their web site. then later we added an online store as well. clients do keep coming back to us. they are now considering a change of business so the site is currently offline.
 web site for avionics company - www.lxavionics.co.uk 
            - this site also used our seo services. recently we re-designed the entire site and added a simple shopping cart as well as some nice special effects.
aptus interiors, specialists in office renovations / improvements 
            wanted an on-line shop for the furniture side of their business, and 
            were very pleased with the final result at aptus 
            furniture. we also made some mini-sites for them, such as office 
            partitions manchester, office 
            interiors oxford and cheap 
            office furniture west midlands. the owner has now had a complete change of business and the sites are now offline
once again, sky-web.net was chosen to create and manage the web 
            site for a national gliding competition - standard 
            class nationals 2011 
irish building products company contech launched an advertising 
            campaign for their popular tec7 range, and we built them www.contec7.co.uk

classic car restoration and repairer manor 
            garage, wantage were so pleased with their web site, they repaired 
            my car, twice.
artist stewart phillips 
            needed help with his site - sky-web to the rescue. 
online database for mrslettings 
            ltd, as the sub-contractor for onmejack.com, creating the database, 
            admin side and pages showing property to the public.
bga online shop - e-commerce 
            solution for a national sporting organisation. we have also done some small consultancy work for the bga.
uk folk festivals 
            lists most folk festivals taking place in the uk
question and answer database for pilots, taken before their first 
            solo.
kidney dialysis 
            news blog - in addition to the other dialysis site
alcaidesa-golf, a 
            luxury holiday home in spain -if only we lived somewhere as nice! 
          
wireless technology specialists 
            aib used our consultation services to improve their web site
parasential parachutes 
            the uk distributor for softie parachutes was very pleased with their 
            web site.
the nutrition 
            consultants were having problems building their own web pages, 
            until sky-web gave a hand, and solved their problems.
mel james ltd - aerospace 
            and defence consultant, a uk specialist who has worked with the 
            raf and the un. after many years of work, the owner recently retired and the site weny offline
18m 
            national gliding championship, 2008 - web site for this prestigious 
            national competition. 
website and database for oxford university research project - access 
            restricted to those involved in the project
 www.ctec.co.uk a specialist adhesive and sealant distributor. this 
            distributor now works with a different supplier, and the site is dormant.
kidney dialysis 
            is an information site to help those suffering from renal failure.
www.mackaysalsa.com was an australian dance instructor's site - 
            now dormant.
addition of an online database for windrushers members, to view 
            their flight records and account balances (restricted access to members 
            only). 
web-based file uploader, multiple usernames and passwords, for a 
            company extranet 
database for a financial advisor, enabling more efficient management 
            of their clients and services.
online database design and implementation services for other web 
            designers - www.topswebdesign.co.uk 
            and also their new owners, www.onmejack.com. 
            work includes the database driven property section of the letting 
            company site www.rochester-lettings.co.uk 
            and the database driven section of www.medwaylets.com. 
            another two database projects were recently completed for onmejack 
            at www.kgp-ltd.co.uk, again 
            just the database driven sections. plus work on their www.mrslettings.com, 
            again the database (mentioned near the top).
web site for a national championship standard 
            class nationals and a regional championship bicester 
            regionals - currently we've now done eleven competiiton sites, 
            including four national championships, and more are planned for this 
            client.
database for a multimedia production company
web site for a computer consultant www.colinbarnfather.co.uk after many years of hard work, client is now considering retiring.
web site for uk junior nationals gliding 
            championship which used our shared hosting option to reduce costs. an old site, now offline as the competition was quite some time ago.
          
database for the raf gsa to organise equipment, personnel, committee 
            members for over twelve raf clubs.
scoring program for gliding competitions for the raf gsa.
web site for a charity - the 
            hamblin trust (we give charities a good discount from our normal 
            prices). includes database driven daily reading page and online purchase 
            of books 
            by henry thomas hamblin
design and template creation - www.bas.uk.net
site for trailer transportation group - www.trailerhaul.co.uk - 
            also took our seo services (the company no longer provides this transportation 
            service)
small database for a building equipment supplier.
web site for folk singers - taggart 
            and wright - which uses our shared web space.


 



 



if you want some free advice on web design, try our web 
    articles section. sky-web also promotes some free science tutorials such 
    as types of reactions and balancing 
    chemical equations, as a service to the community. other science tutorials 
    are listed on our personal 
    pages, with uses 
    of the transition metals being a popular one.
a review article on notam software was published 
    in sailplane and gliding. updates to these programs will be reported on here.


