



dary matera
























non-fiction



 
are you lonesome tonight? 

                  a woman's epic tale of her secret love affair with elvis presley
                  and the daughter she never revealed. this expansive account offers
                  an intimate portrayal of elvis dating from before he was famous
                  to the day he died. the book was extremely controversial when
                  it was released in 1987. some questioned its authenticity. however,
                  it has stood the test of time and has been subsequently verified
                  by famed handwriting expert charles hamilton, among others. the
                  story itself makes it clear how such a deeply personal relationship
                  could have been hidden from elvis' closest associates.  


 
get me ellis rubin! 

                  a dramatic ride through the american legal system with flamboyant
                  florida defense attorney ellis rubin of "television intoxication"
                  fame. rubin, a champion of the underdog, is a real life perry
                  mason whose most famous cases are covered here. traveling with
                  rubin during the writing of the book, i helped solve a murder
                  mystery in delaware, enabling rubin to free a wrongly accused
                  man.  


 
quitting the mob 

                  former colombo mafia family "yuppie don" michael franzese
                  -- the highest ranking mobster to turn his back on the much feared
                  criminal organization -- details how he made his historic escape.
                  franzese gave up his billion-dollar empire to win the love of
                  a beautiful mexican-american dancer from los angeles. franzese,
                  who has resisted the witness protection program, remains alive
                  and well today.  


 
what's in it for me? 

                  wild times in arizona as a colorful, fast-talking mob associate,
                  joe stedino, goes undercover and bribes a passel of local politicians
                  in a hugely successful political sting. the book is as hilarious
                  as it is shocking, and provides one of the most penetrating inside
                  looks at american politics that you'll ever experience.  


 
angels of emergency 

                  ride along under the flashing lights as paramedics and emts from
                  across the nation share their most exciting, dramatic, frightening,
                  spooky and tragic rescue stories. the accounts are weaved around
                  the unique perspective of my co-author, donna theisen, an empty-nest
                  syndrome mom who became a medic late in life after her last child
                  left home.  


 
the pena files 

                  an international, corporate private detective who takes only
                  million-dollar cases battles everyone from the irs to the mob.
                  this is an upscale, true-life version of the classic private
                  eye genre.  


 
taming the beast 

                  taking up where helter skelter left off, taming the beast
                  chronicles the prison years of infamous 1960s cult-leader charles
                  manson. charlie's notorious family is alive and well, while charlie
                  himself has continued to raise hell despite his incarceration.
                  my co-author in this project, ed george, was the corrections
                  administrator in charge of manson for nearly two decades. it's
                  interesting to see how the diminutive, master manipulator gets
                  inside ed's head and nearly destroys his life.  




 
for 
                    "childlight" 
                    click here 



 




dary@darymatera.com

            480-963-7036



 
updates
announcements and appearances
what's new
publishers / producers
"rights"
"new
                  proposals"
order info
how to buy!
orderform



it would have been easy to think only of myself
            and run to elvis. i wanted to, but i couldn't. there were too
            many people who would have been hurt. he was so trusting. those
            who betrayed him injured him more deeply than anyone knew. i
            played my part. i hid a secret that nearly destroyed us both.
            -- from are you lonesome tonight? 

you've just purchased a virtual-ticket to a compelling literary
            carnival. whether real or fantasy, the intellectual mardi gras
            you are about to enter is stimulating and exotic. here you'll
            find a unique array of original books and screenplays -- both
            fiction and non-fiction, published and soon-to-be published,
            produced and yet to be produced. whatever your personal tastes,
            peccadillos and interests, there's certain to be something to
            catch your fancy.
my entire body was powering up for a fight
            to the death. and that was my problem. instead of banding together
            and going out in a blaze of gunfire, i knew that dad would want
            us to walk into that room at our scheduled times like lambs to
            the slaughter and passively accept whatever fate the mob decreed.
            -- from quitting the mob
click
            here to 
            continue introduction   >
 





 
for 
                "a cry for character" 
                click here




 
  

for 
                "fbi's ten most wanted" click
here
 




 

for 
                "john dillinger" click here


 
 

copyright © 1999
dary matera. produced by audi.
 











