



santa clara county library
























home 



catalog and my account 



electronic library 



what to read 



services & library info 



kids 



teen


bookmobile 


campbell


cupertino 


gilroy 


los altos 


milpitas 


morgan hill 


saratoga 


the reading program



 
 







   








 
























 


 











love being drawn into a puzzle? check out these great bay area mysteries  




 
 
 according to puxatawney phil, we’re looking at 6 more weeks of winter.  so grab your snuggie and a hot beverage and relax with some local cozy mysteries.  the following authors write mysteries with san francisco or bay area settings.
                                  

juliet blackwell features both lily ivory, a vintage clothing shop owner in sf, and mel turner, who renovates historic homes in the city.

kate carlisle’s main sleuth is brooklyn wainwright, a rare book expert in sf.
                                  

lee goldberg writes the popular mr. monk series set in san francisco.  fans of the television show are familiar with the brilliant though neurotic adrian monk, a retired detective in the city by the bay.

nadia gordon cooks up some delicious whodunits with chef sunny mccoskey in napa valley.

rebecca hale’s mysteries tell the tale of two cats, rupert and isabella, in an antique shop in sf. they’re ably assisted and fed by their accountant person.

nancy lynn jarvis chronicles the escapades of regan mchenry, a realtor in santa cruz.

lisa lutz’s funny stories feature izzy spellman, a san francisco private investigator, and the rest of the quirky spellman clan.

in marcia muller’s long running series, the iconic sleuth, sharon mccone, is a crack investigator based in san francisco.

diane orgain’s character, kate conolly, is a full-time new mom from san francisco, who part-time sleuthing is recounted in the maternal instincts series.

michele scott’s nikki sands doesn’t “wine” when she runs into trouble managing her vineyard in napa valley.

terri thayer pieces together the stories of dewey pellicano, owner of a quilt shop in santa clara county.

penny warner’s gumshoe, presley parker, is a bay area party planner extraordinaire.
if you’re feeling really adventurous, and you want to leave the comforts of the couch, you may want to check out the wonderful exhibit, bullets across the bay at uc berkeley’s doe library.  this first class display features crime fiction set in san francisco and the bay area.  it will run through february 29, 2012.   the shear number and variety of work on display here is truly amazing.  the labor of love took almost 18 months to put together.  it’s no surprise that the incomparable dashiell hammett reigns as the primary influence.








special events 





calendar


today | the next 7 days | this month | all 




view rss feed



library news 


 


staff picks 


 





 

















library website for your cell phone 
live tutoring, homework help, and skill building for grades k - adult learners 
job and career help center 
new! staff picks blog
 
what ereader do you have? learn how to browse, checkout and download from overdrive.
 
playaway. no cassettes. no cds. no downloads. just play.
 
visit the planetree health information center @ the cupertino library.
 
the reading program volunteer orientation & training schedule.
 
silicon valley reads online book club for teens 
 
booklists for kids
 
teen issues booklist
 
books 24 x 7 itpro
 
books 24 x 7 well-being essentials
 
oneclickdigital from recorded books
 
smart investing @ the library
 











we recommend:
                                spotlight on fiction a to z











we recommend:
                                spotlight on ebooks












follow the library










.



.








 






santa clara county library, 14600 winchester 
blvd., los 
gatos ca 95032-1817

last revised: february 03, 2012
email: webmaster@sccl.org
(c)2012 scc library
