




nvsaac - nevada shelby american automobile club - nvsaac











welcome to nvsaac....check out the new ...nvsaac classifieds! - click link below for details!!"




home

shelby links


events

nvsaac membership

 picture 
    galleries



search nvsaac website  awesome!

news
guest book

shelby values



how much is a shelby worth?

shelby detailing center



shelby & mustang parts & service 
    recommendations




shelby forum    

shelby 
    tech center






interview 
with carroll shelby!!



cs timeline

shelby online reference library 




    shelby picture 
    registry




 



we would like pics of 
        your restoration projects and completed cars. if you would like to share 
        with the world...send them to
		info@nvsaac.com
 




cobra, shelby & mustang books for sale!!


shelby's 
having a bad day!


nvsaac classifieds!
join nvsaac - group email, chat & more




subscribe to nvsaac












      powered by autos.groups.yahoo.com





visit the fun at
nvsaac - 
group email & chat


 is this shelby real? 


you can have your car or one you want to 
purchase "certified authentic".

click here for details

support this site! please donate














nevada shelby american automobile club
nvsaac 
"ownership is not 
essential, enthusiasm is

 
we want to share our enthusiasm with all of you. the 
shelby automobiles are a modern day legend. we want to capture and spread that 
legend to the old as well as the young. 
i still remember the very first time i got to see and hear 
a real shelby! i was bitten at that moment. i knew i would own a shelby someday.
share this same passion with the youth of today.
i still feel the same as a shelby goes by. it is a deep 
respect for some of the finest automobiles the world has ever or will ever know.
thanks go to carroll shelby for giving us this excitement 
today.                       
jim elsmore   reno, nv 


saac 
- national website


flashing yellow light information !!! 

 

 
contact information
jim elsmore   : shelbyguy@nvsaac.com
reno, nv 

telephone 
(775) 851-4467    
fax 
(775) 851-4468
postal address 
2675 fury court
       reno, nv  89521
electronic mail 
general information: info@nvsaac.com
     
         
        webmaster: webmaster@nvsaac.com 








disclaimer: nvsaac (nevada shelby american automobile club) and its 
affiliates allow everyone to use this site with no warranties expressed or 
implied. this includes but is not limited to the current membership of  
nvsaac, those that donate or those that just use the website.
the "shelby picture registry", "shelby tech center", "shelby's sold", 
"shelby's having a bad day", "shelby's detailing center" and the recommendations 
given good or bad are from individuals having had an experience and wants to 
share it with you. all of the information we have gathered from others in the 
industry, internet, books ect. we have no way of making guarantees of the 
information offered as being exact or accurate.
we have not the ability to verify every car 
for authenticity or accuracy. the parts information is the same way along with 
the general typing errors or vin number mix ups or parts numbers recorded wrong. 
therefore we highly recommend that your own due diligence be used  to 
confirm findings. as with shelby's & cobra's, much is still being learned.
 
this site is to help educate us all. if any errors are noticed, please advise 
the webmaster so he can make updates to the information supplied.  
notice to those email spammers out there!!
pursuant to us code, title 47, chapter 5, 
subchapter ii, p.227, any and all unsolicited commercial e-mail sent
to this address is subject to a download and archival fee in the amount of $500 
us. anyone who sends unsolicited
commercial e-mail to any and all email accounts within this domain will be 
charged a $500 proofreading fee.
consider this official notification. failure to abide by this will result in 
legal action.  
 

shelby, carroll 
shelby, saac, shelby, cobra, shelby mustang, mustang cobra, ford, ford 428, ford 
427, big block, police interceptor, mustang car detailing, mustang paint, 
mustang car clubs, shelby club, shelby car clubs, shelby pictures, cobra 
pictures, shelby mustang pictures, shelby mustang pics, cobra pics, mustang 
restoration, shelby mustang restoration, nvsaac, nvsaac, nevada shelby club, 
nevada shelby american club, nevada shelby american automobile club, shelby 
american automobile club, shelby forum, shelby classifieds, shelby, mustang 
forum, shelby mustang links, shelby links, shelbyguy@nvsaac.com 





support this site! please donate













send mail to
webmaster@nvsaac.com  with 
questions or comments about this web site.
copyright © 2001 - 2004 nvsaac
last modified: 07/01/2004





