



















tapio school of dance & gymnastics | dance studio nearby | gymnastics lessons | mount pleasant






















































skip to content


register through the parent portal.


summer 2025

summer camp
summer specialty camps
summer classes











tapio school of dance & gymnastics | dance studio nearby | gymnastics lessons | mount pleasant

			build self-confidence through dance and gymnastics classes at our studio. we offer lessons and training for all ages in mount pleasant, sc.		





menu					 
close					 


danceopen menu

dance class
summer 2025 classes
competitive dance
dance schedule
dance fees and facts


gymnasticsopen menu

gymnastics class
summer 2025 classes
competitive gymnastics
gymnastics schedule
gymnastics fees and facts


aboutopen menu

our  mission
meet our staff


after school programopen menu

after school pick up program information


camps
blog
contact us
parent portal
 
  
  



























 







we are 2021 best of the best for dance and gymnastics! 











 







best of mount pleasant for dance, gymnastics and after school/camps! 







why tapio?
 



ranked as number 12 on the list of “top 50 dance studios in the usa”, tapio offers a unique combination of excellence, quality and state-of-the-art instruction.   







with contagious energy, movement and strength our school educates youth in dance, gymnastics, as well as, competitive disciplines including a usa gymnastics and aau junior olympic program and competitive dance program. click here for more information about tapio school of dance & gymnastics.
 




















quick facts 





    “best of the best” since 2011.
honored by mount pleasant mayor and town council for achieving 50 plus years as a mount pleasant small business.
 27 of tapio dancers won scholarships in the 2014-2015 season.
15 individual and all around state champions.
  50 dancers accepted to royal academy of dance.


“we not only teach dance and gymnastics – we will teach your child to soar.” 
















 




dance 








 




gymnastics 








 




after school pickup program 








 




camps 











testimonials
 



tapio has been very special to my family over the years and continues to be special. as a single parent of two girls, having great role models was one my main goals for raising them. at tapio, that goal has been accomplished. not only the coaches and staff truly have my daughters best interest at heart, but for my gymnast daughter, her fellow gym team members have been great role models to be around. i have no worries that she hangs out with older girls who all seem to be tops in their classes, work hard in practice, and generally very well rounded girls. i truly feel the coaches and staff are an extension of my family, and i’m proud to say that my daughter represents them well also.
stephen blanchard (brianna’s dad) 







 














contact us now


















home
dance
gymnastics 
about 
after school program
camps
contact us
sitemap 



				© 2025 tapio school of dance and gymnastics. all rights reserved.  site  by    fdm










 







 

























