



kewes - kentucky's electronic workplace for employment services





















jump to main content



 ky agencies 
|
 ky services 
|
 search kentucky.gov for search terms

















 





 


jump to main contenthome














oui 
> kewes
















 




 








office locations




employer services




jobseeker services




youth services




			unemployment services




warn notices






veteran services






labor market information




news






publications





 



 

















 kewes 
								- kentucky's 
								electronic workplace for employment services






claimant





unemployment benefits - internet claim filing
	 
    individuals may file for unemployment benefits through this link. 
 note: the kewes link is only available m-f from 7:00 am - 7:00 pm est and sunday from 10:00 am - 9:00 pm est. 
to 
	  file a claim, you will need:





your social security number




your complete mailing address




name, address, and phone number for each 
        of your employers over the last 18 months.




the exact day you began work at each job.




the last day you worked at each job.


the kewes internet claims system is accessible for filing an unemployment 
	claim or requesting your bi-weekly benefit payment on-line. the system is 
	available monday through friday  from 7:00 am until 7:00 pm and sunday 
	from 10:00 am until 9:00 pm eastern time. you cannot file a claim or request 
	a bi-weekly benefit payment on saturdays. 


focus career job search and registration*
    *note: the work registration process is included as part of the unemployment 
	claim filing process, it is not necessary to do it separately if you have 
	already filed an unemployment claim.

    you can search for a job or register for work through this link.  
	registering for work is an easy way to get your application out for 
	employers to consider when hiring. 
    normal system availability - 24 hours, 7 days a 
	week.





unemployment benefits - telephone claim filing
unemployment insurance claimants who do not have 
	access to the internet or who speak spanish can call 
    502-875-0442 monday through 
	friday between 7:30 a.m. and 5:30 p.m., eastern time, to file their initial 
	or reopen claims by telephone. this is not a toll-free number. 

    to request your bi-weekly benefit payment by telephone 
	call 
(877) 3my-kyui or (877) 369-5984
	(toll free).
 




employer



employer electronic services 
    employers can establish or reopen an 
    unemployment insurance account, submit quarterly tax reports, or pay 
    unemployment taxes on-line through this link.

employer job order form
                    to submit a job order online to the office of employment and 
    training, 
            		please complete the online job order form. when you are finished, select 
            		the oet county office nearest your place of business. upon 
            		submission of your online job order form, you may be contacted by an 
            		employment specialist to confirm your request and obtain any 
            		additional information.





















kentucky career center
																office of 

																unemployment 
																insurance
      															500 mero street, 
																4th floor
      frankfort, kentucky 40601


ui assistance line: 502-564-2900


kentucky relay service 
																
      1-800-648-6057


																ui assistance 
																e-mail: 
																
																uiassistance@ky.gov
 





    
   













last updated
april 03, 2020












contact us 










privacy | disclaimer | individuals with disabilities

	copyright ? 2020 commonwealth of kentuckyall rights reserved.






