









the highest quality lawn care & pest control services in the villages, lady lake, wildwood, & nearby areas in fl | fertigator lawn care



























      

call (352) 314-2867 for lawn & landscape service



 
  



services



lawn care


lawn fertilization


weed control


lawn disease control


aeration


lawn insect control


sod installation


landscape bed weed control


topdressing


dollar spot control


brown patch control


zoysia patch control




tree & shrub care


fertilization


disease & insect control


palm tree fertilization


irrigation


irrigation repair


pest control


fire ant control


termite control


indoor pest control


perimeter pest control


mole cricket control


armyworm control







areas


the villages, fl


lady lake, fl


wildwood, fl


oxford oaks, fl


stonecrest, fl


the plantation at leesburg, fl


all service areas




about


careers


blog


client login


contact










premier residential lawn care services in the villages, lady lake, wildwood, & nearby areas of florida
call (352) 314-2867 get my quote





operating hours
        mon-fri: 8am - 4pm
      




180+ verified
        google reviews
      










1. give us a call
2. we arrive on time
3. we get it done






the best fertilization program. fertigation. for a thicker, greener, healthier lawn, & more vibrant, colorful shrubs.
view our lawn fertilization program


our unique approach to lawn fertilization
our standard program includes manually applied liquid and granular fertilizers which deliver critical micronutrients to your lawn.
our deluxe program supplements our standard program with fertigation. fertigation uses our patented fertigator unit and your sprinkler system to apply our proprietary mojo® blend of organic supplements to both your
                    lawn and shrubs with each water. the results are amazing!
call (352) 314-2867







lawn, shrub, irrigation, & pest control services for residential properties
we are the premium, reliable lawn care, irrigation repair, and pest control service provider to residential property owners in the villages, florida area and nearby communities. call (352) 314-2867 now to talk with an expert to discuss your needs and provide a service quote for your property, or request a quote from us
                directly online.
all services get my quote

  





lawn care program
6 bi-monthly visits plus free service calls. fertilization each visit , liquid and/or granular. weed , insect and disease control as needed.

view lawn fertilization service




shrub care program
6 bi-monthly visits plus free service calls. fertilization spring and fall (granular). insect and disease treatments each visit as needed.

view tree & shrub care service




home pest control program
6 bi-monthly visits plus free service calls. exterior barrier insect control each visit. sweep eves near entries and garage. inside treatment free anytime needed at your request.

view interior pest control services




plant bed weed control
bi-monthly or monthly visits depending on season plus free service calls. post emergent to kill existing weeds and grass (no glyphosate or roundup). pre-emergent to help prevent future weeds.

view landscape bed weed control




irrigation maintenance

and repairs
2 annual complete system “tune-ups” to provide proper operation of your system. free service calls and timer adjustments. 10 % discount on all repairs and upgrades.

view irrigation repair services




termite protection

and treatment
guaranteed protection includes annual inspection to monitor for activity. free retreatment if active termites found. $1,000,000 repair policy if damage occurs.

view termite control services




palm fertilization
granular fertilizer customized for the unique needs of palms. done spring and fall plus summer if needed. palm spikes with extra key micronutrients are available for “rescue” situations on struggling palms

view palm fertilization services





core aeration & top dressing
core aeration with a golf course style piston driven machine that creates many deep holes for great results. top dressing by motorized spreader to add a light layer of compost / topsoil to improve soil condition. hand leveling of low
                        areas to smooth low or uneven areas also available.

view core aeration services








where to find us in & around the villages, fl
when our customers want quality lawn care and pest control service they call fertigator lawn care. fertigator lawn care is the best lawn care service provider in the villages, fl area. call (352) 314-2867                or request a quote online.

the villages, fl
lady lake, fl
wildwood, fl
oxford oaks, fl
stonecrest, fl
the plantation at leesburg, fl

all service areas






the fertigator lawn care story & mission
we are a locally owned lawn care company and have been dedicated to delivering the highest-quality lawn services to the villages, lady lake, and other nearby areas in fl since 2005.
why choose fertigator lawn care?

quality guaranteed
19 years of experience
trained experts
locally owned

about our company











fertigator lawn care is the villages's leader in lawn & landscape service.
we have been providing the most loved lawn care, lawn maintenance, and pest control services in
          the villages, lady lake, and wildwood, florida and nearby areas since 2005.


our most
              popular services


lawn fertilization


weed control


aeration


lawn disease control


lawn insect control


tree & shrub fertilization


irrigation repair


fire ant control


home pest control





subscribe to
                our newsletter
subscribe to our newsletter for the latest announcements and deals on our services!







                                
                                    *
                                
                            















© 2025 fertigator lawn care · all rights reserved.
privacy policy · terms of use · powered by lawnline marketing





306 oak st
          lady lake, fl 32159
(352) 314-2867

thevillagesfertigator@gmail.com
www.fertigator.com

      


home


service areas


about


careers


contact








 

close

get a quote for lawn & landscape service

 










request quote



by submitting this form, i am stating i have read and agree to the terms of use and the privacy policy of this website.


close

complete & submit our online application






                                
                                    *
                                
                            




                                
                                    *
                                
                            




                                
                                    *
                                
                            




                                
                                    *
                                
                            




                                
                                    *
                                
                            
do you have a valid drivers license?yesno



                                
                                    *
                                
                            















 
 

uh oh! you forgot some important information.
 




  












(352) 314-2867






x














