




a clean and sober christian society – can jesus really keep you sober?
























skip to content


a clean and sober christian society

			can jesus really keep you sober?		







“the lord is my strength and my defense; he has become my salvation. he is my god, and i will praise him, my father’s god, and i will exalt him.” (exodus 15:2)
in early recovery, you may be constantly searching for a way to stay clean and sober. i know i was when i first got clean. we know we must do whatever it takes to stay clean and sober because we know that another relapse can mean the worst. so how do we know that continuing to trust in jesus will keep us sober? how can we count on it? can god really help us to stay sober?
it may even seem like recovery is not possible for you. you cannot imagine living a day where you do not want to drink or use drugs. well, leaning on the 12 steps, we know that we can stay sober one day at a time. and we can do that by leaning on jesus. we cannot perform miracles on our own, but god knows what he is doing.
the best thing to do is fake it until you make it. why not just go about your life acting like god has already healed you and you have no issues being sober? it may feel like you are acting at first, but eventually, you will find that it’s actually true.
you can do other things to help you stay sober. go to meetings. get involved with your local 12-step groups. go to church. get involved with church events and bible studies. read the bible. talk about it with your christian friends over a cup of coffee. after a while, you will understand how many miracles can really happen when you put your faith in the lord, jesus christ.
so do not dwell on the obstacles you have to overcome. overcoming an addiction is one of the most difficult things that you will do in this life, and you cannot do it alone. you need the support of your loved ones, but above all, you need jesus in your life. with god, all things are possible.






new porn websites
camgirls
new gay porn sites
blackgodz
boysatcamp
breederfuckers
brothercrush
brutaltops
cmnm video
dadcreep
familydick
latin leche
missionaryboys
retromales
sayuncle
sneakypeek
swingingballs
thecastingroom
twinktrade
yesfather
youngperps
gayasiannetwork 



																						a clean and sober christian society																		

				proudly powered by wordpress.			



 





