



uncover the rich history of dry creek valley wines at pedroncelli winery, sonoma county


































skip to main content












 










our story


the pedroncelli family


winemaking


winemaking team


john pedroncelli




our team


sustainability


giving back


timeline


galleries


vineyards and winery


family


our history




recipes


contact




wine store


shop


specials


past vintage


library wines


gift cards


member login




visit


visit us


reservations


directions


events


wine club




membership


wine club


events


member login




estate vineyards


vineyard operations


sustainable farming


estate vineyards




vino in my dino


trade & media


awards and accolades


wine labels


bottle images


fact sheets


logos


shelf talkers & case cards


brand page, sell sheets & flyers


trade & media


distributors




keep in touch


 
 
 








wines




deep history, legendary wines


shop




visit




membership


 
 
 
 




giving back

buy a bottle, help feed someone in need
 
 

pedroncelli winery supports world central kitchen's efforts to provide meals and hope to those in need. our giving back campaign was inspired by their aid to families affected by the shady and glass fires in sonoma and napa counties in 2020.
learn more
 
 
 
 





 



sustainability & stewardship

ensuring a bright future for our land and the next generation
 
 

at pedroncelli winery, we are committed to preserving the environment for future generations. as a family-owned winery farming in the dry creek valley since 1927, we understand the importance of sustainable practices in ensuring a long-term future for our business. our vineyards are certified sustainable, and we have made significant efforts to reduce water use, improve soil health, and protect the vineyard environment. our approach to vineyard management is comprehensive, encompassing all aspects of farming including human resources, viticulture, wine quality, soil management, water management, pest control, and habitat management. by taking an environmentally sensitive approach to farming, we are proud to produce wines that are not only delicious but also sustainable.
 
 
 
 
 
 




1927
 

in 1927, giovanni and julia pedroncelli purchased the hillside property west of geyserville, which included 25 acres of zinfandel vines and a former winery building that had been used as a barn during prohibition. this majestic property has been in the pedroncelli family for generations, and today it is run by the third and fourth generation. visitors have the opportunity to taste the epitome of winemaking and learn about the history of the pedroncelli family.
timeline
 
 
 
 





							"one of the old, iconic italian families of sonoma, the pedroncellis have been farming vineyards since 1927. they obviously survived prohibition and consumers are all the better for it. moreover, they have always had a humble philosophy in terms of pricing. dollar-for-dollar, the pedroncelli wines consistently offer both character and quality for their prices, something consumers should never forget."
							robert parker












 


 


 
 



vino in my dino
accessibility and policies

 

1220 canyon road, geyserville, ca 95441 
(707) 857-3531 | (800) 836-3894 | fax: (707) 857-3812
 

© 2025 pedroncelli all rights reserved | site by budbreak creative
 
 







 
 
 
 




















