








	us army corps of engineers - baltimore district






















            an official website of the united states government 
        here's how you know 
        







 official websites use .mil a .mil website belongs to an official u.s. department of defense organization in the united states.



secure .mil websites use https a lock (lock  ) or  https:// means you’ve safely connected to the .mil website. share sensitive information only on official, secure websites.








skip to main content (press enter).




us army corps of engineers
baltimore district website










®








           about
        



           mission and vision
        
 

           leadership
        
 

           history
        
 

           project fact sheets
        
 



           business with us
        



           contracting
        
 

           real estate
        
 

           small business
        
 

           technical services
        
 



           missions
        



           civil works
        



           hoosic river flood risk management study
        
 



           dams & recreation
        



           master plan revisions
        
 



           emergency operations
        
 

           environmental
        
 

           environmental justice
        
 

           military programs
        



           milcon
        
 

           operations & maintenance
        
 

           real property service field office
        
 



           regulatory
        



           aquaculture
        
 

           baltimore district regulatory boundary map
        
 

           bay tmdl
        
 

           contacts
        
 

           definitions
        
 

           forms
        
 

           frequently asked questions (faqs)
        
 

           jurisdictional determinations
        
 

           letters of permission
        
 

           mailing list
        
 

           mitigation
        
 

           nationwide permits
        
 

           permits
        
 

           permits - dc
        
 

           permits -  md
        



           mdspgp-6
        
 



           permits - pa
        
 

           permits - va
        
 

           publications and links
        
 

           public notices
        
 

           regulatory careers
        
 

           report violations
        
 

           section 408 requests
        
 

           sparrows point container terminal (spct)
        
 

           offshore wind
        
 

           wetlands
        
 

           wrda
        
 



           sustainability
        
 

           washington aqueduct
        



           washington aqueduct careers
        
 

           2nd high reservoir maintenance and improvements project
        
 

           old conduit repairs - washington aqueduct
        
 

           castle gatehouse - washington aqueduct
        
 





           locations
        



           usace locations
        
 

           area office locations
        
 



           careers
        



           how to apply
        
 

           search opportunities
        
 

           eeo
        
 

           pay & benefits
        
 

           student opportunities
        
 



           media
        



           news stories
        
 

           news releases
        
 

           images
        
 

           chesapeake engineer magazine
        
 



           contact
        



           rss
        
 










































u.s. army corps of engineers announces full restoration of potomac river impacted by aviation incident
u.s. army corps of engineers, baltimore district, together with u.s. coast guard and u.s. navy’s supervisor of salvage and diving, today announced that six days ahead of schedule the potomac river section affected by the jan. 29 midair collision of an american airlines regional jet and a u.s. army black hawk helicopter is now fully restored.

news releaseassociated response imagery











usace baltimore district capital area office breaks ground on military working dog hospital
military officials break ground on a new $21.9 million veterinary center at fort belvoir, va., nov. 14, 2024. the 21,950-square-foot facility will serve as a major medical hub for military working dogs and federal law enforcement k-9 teams across the eastern united states.













u.s. army corps of engineers to complete $33 million in baltimore harbor and channels dredging
in coordination with the maryland department of transportation’s port administration, the project consists of dredging approximately 2.3 million cubic yards of material from federal navigation channels in maryland associated with the baltimore harbor, ensuring continued safe navigation for vessels traveling in and out of the port of baltimore.

news release 











washington aqueduct wins regional awards for best tasting drinking water, advances to national competition
the washington aqueduct earned multiple taste test awards for drinking water produced at its dalecarlia and mcmillan water treatment plants at the chesapeake section of the american water works association 2024 tri-association conference held in ocean city, maryland, aug. 27-30, 2024.

news release











the chesapeake engineer magazine
the latest edition of the baltimore district's chesapeake engineer magazine. learn more about the new root hall at the u.s. army war college, our support for the tidal basin in d.c., environmental justice initiatives, and the various chesapeake engineers who have been recognized for excellence. 

the chesapeake engineer magazine - summer 2023




























latest news









u.s. army corps of engineers announces full restoration of potomac river impacted by aviation incident

                2/11/2025 
            

                the u.s. army corps of engineers (usace), baltimore district, together with u.s. coast guard (usgc) and u.s. navy’s supervisor of salvage and diving (supsalv), today announced that six days ahead of...
            





u.s. army corps of engineers, partners, complete large wreckage removal following potomac river aviation incident 

                2/6/2025 
            

                the u.s. army corps of engineers (usace), baltimore district, together with the u.s. coast guard (uscg) and u.s. navy’s supervisor of salvage and diving (supsalv), marked a significant milestone in...
            





u.s. army corps of engineers, partners, develop tentative timeline to clear wreckage following potomac river aviation incident 

                2/1/2025 
            

                baltimore – as the u.s. army corps of engineers (usace), baltimore district continues working with local, state and federal partners to clear the wreckage along the potomac river following the mid-air...
            





u.s. army corps of engineers is supporting response and recovery operations following potomac river aviation incident 

                1/30/2025 
            

                u.s. army corps of engineers (usace), baltimore district has activated its emergency operations center, clearing the way for response and recovery support to local, regional and federal agencies...
            


u.s. army corps of engineers and maryland department of the environment to hold public hearings on proposed sparrows point container terminal 

                1/23/2025 
            

                the u.s. army corps of engineers (usace), baltimore district, in coordination with the maryland department of the environment (mde), is hosting joint public hearings and soliciting comments from the...
            


raystown lake announces access opportunities for canada geese hunting

                1/16/2025 
            

                the u.s. army corps of engineers (usace), baltimore district announces the opening of multiple recreation areas for canada geese hunting only. the following recreation areas will be open from january...
            







view more








































essayons








our mission
deliver vital engineering solutions, in collaboration with our partners, to secure our nation, energize our economy, and reduce disaster risk.


about the baltimore district website
the official public website of the baltimore district, u.s. army corps of engineers.

for website corrections, write to nab-pao@usace.army.mil.













contact usno fear actquality factsaccessibilitylink disclaimerprivacy & securitysite mapusa.goveeo & sharpsmall businessplain languageopen government


rssigfoiaisalute



















hosted by defense media activity - web.mil













