



 





multicam® family of camouflage patterns 
	 page 		































































skip to content




















menu
home
patterns
gallery
team multicam
multicam suppliers
 
















 



 



 



 



 






the multicam® family of camouflage patterns is designed to help the wearer hide in varied environments, seasons, elevations, and light conditions.




the patterns

the multicam® patterns were developed to provide maximum effectiveness across diverse operating environments with a minimum logistical burden. the patterns all have distinct roles but are designed to work together as a system to meet the needs of nearly any operating environment, all while helping the wearer do so with the least amount of kit possible.


   


   
   


  
   








concept
the multicam® patterns were developed to provide maximum effectiveness across diverse operating environments with a minimum logistical burden. the patterns all have distinct roles but are designed to work together as a system to meet the needs of nearly any operating environment, all while helping the wearer do so with the least amount of kit possible. view the patterns 





a family of camouflage patterns
the same user now has more system-level options. for instance, a multicam® chest rig can be paired with a multicam tropic™ uniform for a known jungle deployment. similarly, a multicam® vest and pack can be paired with a multicam arid™ uniform for activity within an open sand and rock desert. multicam alpine™ is best suited for any environment that encounters significant snowfall, while multicam black™ is designed to offer domestic agencies a distinct and authoritative presence suited to law enforcement operations.





more details:
 multicam® is the combat-proven solution for concealment when one needs to operate in widely varied and mixed terrain. while multicam® is suited to an extremely wide selection of environments, we have developed three new patterns that are optimized for narrower areas of operation. these new patterns work well with the primary multicam® pattern to meet the needs of these extreme environments, thus expanding the performance envelope of the multicam® family to cover nearly every possible environmental condition. the multicam® patterns can be used alone or in conjunction with each other to meet nearly any operational requirement.
             
            the multicam® family of patterns consists of:


multicam®: the base - the original combat-proven pattern that offers the widest range of environmental effectiveness - ideally suited for apparel & gear that must be employed throughout mixed or varied environments.
multicam arid™: a pattern intended for open sand and rock - ideally suited for apparel when working exclusively in bright open desert terrain.
multicam tropic™: a pattern intended for deep verdant jungle use - ideally suited for apparel when working exclusively in a dense jungle environment.
multicam alpine™: a pattern intended for snow-covered areas - ideally suited for over-garments and gear covers when/where snow cover is present.
multicam black™: while not a geographically-based pattern, multicam black™ gives law enforcement groups a sharp and authoritative presence suited to domestic l.e. operations where projecting a strong and distinct image is a critical concern. multicam black™ is designed to complement a wide range of existing armor and gear colors (for instance, green or black vests both look well-matched when paired with multicam black™ uniforms).














how it works
multicam® patterns take advantage of the way the human eye and brain perceive shape, volume, and color. since only a very small portion of the human eye perceives color, the brain does a lot of “filling-in” for the eye.

              the unique high resolution design of multicam® takes advantage of this principle and helps the observer to “see” the pattern as part of the background.
the multicam® family of patterns rely more on a blending effect than a traditional contrast effect to disguise the wearer.

              this effect allows them to perform well in a wide range of environmental conditions. it also helps maintain the patterns’ effectiveness even at close ranges where low resolution patterns often stand out against the natural (non-pixelated) environment.

 view the gallery 










how multicam® was developed


we spent a lot of time studying how camouflage works in nature, taking into account where it is hardest to hide. we also studied which terrain elements were most common across the widest range of environments. we documented how light affects environmental features and tracked the seasonal and elevational changes in different regions.
we then factored all that together into digital composites of our observations and began testing them. we spent extensive time discussing our approach with users, factoring in their observations and concerns. digital images where then created, encompassing everything we had learned. after printing each pattern, we field tested, tuned, and re-tested them until we achieved exactly what we were looking for.

 view the patterns 


 









 

 

63 flushing ave. unit 252brooklyn, ny 11205 
929-575-4518 
929-575-4518 
info@multicampattern.com
https://www.multicampattern.com
facebook
twitter
instagram




 

twitter 









multicam®home
how it works
patterns
gallery
team multicam
team multicam gallery
news
where to buy
raw materials
terms of use & privacy
accessibility
 







scroll to top
























