

^sundaychristian














by your side
saturday, december 27, 2008 
why are you striving these dayswhy are you trying to earn gracewhy are you cryinglet me lift up your facejust don't turn awaywhy are you looking for lovewhy are you still searching as if i'm not enoughto where will you go childtell me where will you runto where will you run'cause i'll be by your sidewherever you fallin the dead of nightwhenever you calland please don't fightthese hands that are holding youmy hands are holding youlook at these hands and my sidethey swallowed the grave on that nightwhen i drank the world's sinso i could carry you inand give you lifei want to give you lifecause i, i love youi want you to knowthat i, i love youi'll never let you gothank you god, for your lovewaiting, praying and seekingby your side - tenth avenue north

lilacsrip, god's chick12:21:00 pm


with everything
wednesday, december 17, 2008 
lalala... been thinking of changing my handphone, but there weren't any nice phones out there that i would liked to have. been looking at the sony ericssion w705 at the offical website, and i love how it looks like! very pretty and it's a slider! i've been trying to break away from the candybar phones ever since i got my first phone! too bad it isn't going to be release until next year jan i heard. take a look at the pictures below!w705 in luxury silverw705 in passionate redi think both colours look gorgeous! which should i get? the phones will probably look slightly different in real life, so i got to wait till it's launched till i'll know.been rather attracted to online shopping lately... it's a good thing i don't get paid much or i'll probably spend more online. at least i don't really buy clothes, but there's plenty of other stuff to look at: slippers, jewelery, shoes, make up, skin care, etc. here's what i saw at gojane.com.i've been looking for this kind of sneaker-heels for the longest time! but knowing me, i'll probably just look. and it is rather expensive, around us$28.it seems to be like a major decision every year.to serve or not to serve...praying and waiting...for god's answer...our hearts will cry be glorified, be lifted high, above all names. for you our king, with everything, we will shout forth your praise.with everything, with everything, we will shout forth your praise.with everythingwith everything -hillsong

lilacsrip, god's chick4:59:00 pm


man proposes, god disposes
thursday, november 27, 2008 
what the use of talking when some people have the conversation all by themselves?how does one share their thoughts and insecurities when the other party only gives lectures instead of a listening ear?.......forget it...i guess it'll never happen (not yet, at any rate)...what a hypocrite, saying that others use the same excuses.when all you say is the same thing:fit into the mold or you're lazy and ill-disciplined.man proposes, but god disposes."the lord foils the plans of the nations;he thwarts the purposes of the peoples.but the plans of the lord stand firm forever,the purposes of his heart through all generations."psalms 33:10-11better than getting what i say i needbetter than living the life that i want tobetter than the love anyone could giveyour love isbetter than life - hillsong

lilacsrip, god's chick8:27:00 am


dark cherry mocha
wednesday, november 05, 2008 
disappointment, helplessness, sorrowsuch simple words for feelings that are so intensetrust in him at all times, o people;pour out your hearts to him,for god is our refuge.[psalms 62:8]lord, i pour my feelings out to you...your love keeps me running naught else could...i still love you, sister-------------------------just wanted to recommend..starbuck's  new drink: dark cherry mochaan awesome chocolaty drink with a hint of cherry (:life's bittersweetall of my lifein every seasonyou are still godi have a reason to singi have a reason to worshipdesert song - hillsong

lilacsrip, god's chick2:23:00 pm


getting into you
thursday, october 16, 2008 
covenant, meaning a solemn contract, oath, or bond, is the customary word used to translate the hebrew word berith, as it is used in the hebrew bible. (wikipedia)a covenant is: (dictionary.com)1. (in biblical context) god's promise to his people2. an agreement, usually formal, between two or more persons to do or not do something specified3. (verb) to enter into covenant4. (verb) to promise by covenant; pledge5. (verb) to stipulatesimply put, a covenant is an agreement and a promise.how often do you break your promises? everyone does so, there's no need to deny it. we're not perfect, we change our minds and our beliefs, or we simply just forget. a promise to our friends, family, or ourselves. and when they are broken, all kinds of excuses come tumbling out: it wasn't really a promise... it was an unspoken agreement... it's just a small matter... they won't remember it either...god remembers every covenant, especially those we make with him. call it what you want; a commitment, a pledge, a vow, it doesn't matter. think about it.i would rather not lie to youmy disappointment is acuteconsequences must be facedone decision changes thingsit's not a fantasy worldno one said it would be easyyou say it's not wrongbut can you call it holywhen i made up my mindand my heart along with thatto live not for myselfbut yet for godsomebody saiddo you know what you are getting yourself into?you have been my comfort, lordyou said i love you and that's what you're getting intogetting into you - relient k

lilacsrip, god's chick8:43:00 am


stop and stare
wednesday, september 24, 2008 
*groans* it's been such a long time since i blogged. it was the middle of tep (teaching enterprise project) the last time i typed here. and now, here i am in at the beginning of ipp (industrial placement program), aka attachment. all of a sudden, on the wednesday of week 2, i've fallen into a state of melancholy. i never thought that i would miss my classmates so much. it's not that my workplace isn't pleasant or anything.. i guess it's more of the lack of familiar faces. with ms0601, i know how to react with things or people around, even if i'm not very close to them or anything. but here, as one of the youngest and newest... *sigh*to my class of ms0601, we might not have been a perfect class, but we certainly understood (or at least, anticipated) each other behaviors. i miss seeing your faces even if we hardly exchange a word or two a day. and i realize how cheated i've been, thinking that i'll have some of you working in the same building as me. but nope, no one's in the same building, not now, only later, when half of ipp's already over. *laments*i was reading what kelvin said on the class blog about eoin video only being funny when it's being watched with ms0601. and it's so true! it's only fun when it's being watched with people who know the person (in the case, eoin) and his quirks. when i watch the video now, it makes me feel so emo knowing that our time as a class is gone, and that we're never, ever going back.most of all, i miss the feeling of comfort in the tep corridor. the floor was ours to do as we wished, to wreck havoc, stay late nights, and blast the same songs a million times (replay, replay, replay... like a star, a star, a star...). we could watch whose line while eating dinner, and laugh till out pants dropped. and no one could bother us (except our lecturers, of course).no more going gaga over hot dogs (cherylene!!), or saying 'darling!... not you.' (shafinah), or anything alike anymore...~unexpectedly missing ms0601~stop and stare  i think i'm moving but i go nowhere  yeah i know that everyone gets scared  but i've become what i can't be, oh  stop and stare  you start to wonder why you're here not there  and you'd give anything to get what's fair  but fair ain't what you really need  oh, can you see what i see 

lilacsrip, god's chick3:33:00 pm


iris
sunday, june 15, 2008 
i always walk away when i cry...you might have known i was upsetbut bet you didn't know you made me cryagainsticks and stones may break my bones..but words will never hurt me..or so they say.."and i don't want the world to see me'cause i don't think that they'd understand"iris - goo goo dolls

lilacsrip, god's chick12:30:00 am






one and only

priscilla
two-zero
131188
nyp
media studies & management
chongfu primary school, woodgrove secondary school, yishun junior collage, nanyang polytechnic
loves jesus
sings everything
f.c. barcelona fan
mangas & animes freak
has a thing for sports
fan fiction writer
photoshop user


shout out loud 










on my knees
+ for god to bring me through my attachment
+ draw me closer to you, lord
toss a coin
- sandals
- haircut
- f.c. barcelona's 08/09 away shirt
- more public holidays

to the world 


wgss/ yjc
.
zhao han
shou yen
roy kor
jun hong
joseph
jiawen
garrick
gabrylo
gabby
eng zhen
andrew liang
aishah



nyp
.
zafirah
youlin
sara
pei ting
ms0601
matthew
laura
khairina
kelvin
jiaying
jessica
iffah
huda
hafiz
habez
eion
cindy
cherylene
anjana
amanda



wefc
.
yongling
ximin
wini
wenchien
timmo
suemei
sfc
san
leah
kunquan
jules
joy
isabelle
hannah
gracie
daniel
clesias
bethia
beryl
benn
ark angel
aggie



archieves
.::.
december 2004
january 2005
febuary 2005
june 2005
july 2005
april 2006
may 2006
june 2006
july 2006
august 2006
september 2006
october 2006



in thunderstorms
keep faith
god sees the big picture
he allows good and bad
we may not understand
but comprehend this
god loves you
unconditionally
kudos goes to
design & template: priscilla 
brushes: braggadocio.org
adobe photoshop