

















mark phillips' pages: home














				mark's pages
			



				home | 
				workbook | 
				collections | 
				photography | 
				triadcity | 
				caringbridge












						"i am (like) one who, returning from a very long journey 
						(outside everything, the earth, the world, men and their languages),
						tries to keep after the event a logbook, with the forgotten,
						fragmentary, rudimentary instruments of a prehistoric language and literature.
						tries to understand what has happened, and to explain it with pebbles,
						pieces of wood, the gestures of someone deaf and dumb before there was anyone
						to teach the deaf and dumb, the fumblings of a blind man before braille ... 
						and they're going to have to piece things together with that.
						if they knew, they'd be afraid and they wouldn't even try."
						— jacques derrida
					


						"every line we succeed in publishing today — 
						no matter how uncertain the future to which we entrust it —
						is a victory wrenched from the powers of darkness."
						— walter benjamin
					


						"an idea that is not dangerous is unworthy of being called an idea at all."
						— oscar wilde
					


						conformist vision 
						will infallibly produce 
						derivative works 



						these pages are formatted for laptops. mobile real soon now.
					



vignette, photography and computer-mediated narrative by mark phillips:

art of vignette & x-pari-mental narrative, posted to a daily workbook.
collections of the above bits by theme or technique, widely published.
abstract and travel photography emphasizing color and texture.

						a major work of computer-mediated narrative,
						triadcity,
						cited by 
						the cambridge companion to postmodernism 
						as its culminating example of postmodernist literature.
					






george grosz

						the gray man dances (1949).
					








					© 2002–2025 mark phillips.
					all rights reserved.
				

				this site has a  
				privacy policy.
				

					best displayed on laptops. mobile rsn.
				





