

  








police department | auburn ny












































skip to main content








 

home




            keywords          







 



facebook twitter
 emergency 9-1-1315-253-3231 


 



homedivisionschief's officecommanddetectivefinger lakes drug task forceid bureaupatrolplanning / trainingrecords bureauprogramscommunity policingneighborhood watchs.r.o.victim servicesreportsapd community collaborative 2020apd survey reportsaccident reportsannual reportcrime statisticswarrant logjoin usapd recruitmentlateral transferscontact apd 
































 







chief's message
news
mission
recruitment video




message from the chief of policeon behalf of the men and women of the auburn police department, welcome to our website. it is an honor to serve our community as your chief of police.i have lived in cayuga county my entire life and graduated from port byron high school in 2002. after high school, i attended cayuga community college and graduated with an associates degree in criminal justice. after graduation, i attended college at suny oswego where i graduated with a bachelors degree in public justice and a minor in forensic science.i was hired by the auburn police department on may 1st, 2007 where i held the rank of patrolman until may 2014. i was also an evidence technician, field training officer, and member of ert during that seven year period. in may of 2014, i was assigned to the finger lakes drug task force (fldtf) as a narcotics investigator. during that time, i also became part of the hostage negotiators team. on august 1st, 2017, i was promoted to the rank of sergeant. i worked on all three shifts and oversaw the drone unit and the hostage negotiators as the supervisor. on july 1st, 2020, i was promoted to lieutenant and was the shift commander of the midnight shift. i was reassigned to the fldtf as the supervisor in july 2021. in july 2023, i was promoted to the rank of captain, where i was reassigned to patrol. i also oversaw the school resource officers (sro), special patrol officers (spo) and gun involved violence elimination unit (give) as the captain. i have attended various training throughout my career as a police officer, but one most notably is the fbi leeda leadership trilogy course. thank you for your continued support. i look forward to working with you in continuing to make auburn a great place to live.sincerely,matthew p. androsko, chief of police  









 media release - traffic stop arrest - love (02/17/2025) »  

 media release - traffic stop arrest - burt (02/13/2025) »  

 media release - cpw/assault arrest - malenick (02/13/2025) »  

 media release - cpw/assault arrest - malenick (02/13/2025) »  

 media release - trespass/burglary arrest - declerk (02/09/2025) »  



    view all  

 







 


mission statementto enhance the quality of life in the city of auburn by working cooperatively with the citizenry to enforce the laws, preserve the peace, and provide for a safe environment.valuesthe values of the auburn police department begin with the common understanding that all citizens shall be treated with human dignity.  regardless of race, social class, gender, religion, background or beliefs, each individual we serve will be given respect, excellence of service, compassion and understanding, while we promise to always maintain our integrity through collaborative teamwork and accountability by means of a strategic partnership with the community members that we serve.respect: the auburn police department views the law and the community as the source of its authority and will faithfully and without bias or prejudice honor this commitment.excellence: the auburn police department strives for distinct and superior service between our membership and the partnership we share with the community we serve.compassion: the auburn police department strives to show respect for and be sensitive to all citizens and their problems.integrity: the auburn police department believes in honesty, consistency and transparency in every interaction with the public that we serve.teamwork: the auburn police department believes that each citizen must become involved in efforts to solve their own problems. we must work as a team in order to accomplish mutual goals for our community.accountability: members of the auburn police department are held to the highest standards of accountability to ourselves, our fellow officers, our administration, and those that we serve. goals for 20241) goal: begin the certification process for the emergency response teamobjective: the emergency response team (ert) is made of specially trained and qualified members who respond to critical incidents involving violent situations, disasters, and other high-risk scenarios. in conjunction with our nys accreditation program, we are seeking ert certification in an effort to ensure our ert policies, procedures, and training provide greater administrative and operational effectiveness, while also delivering the best possible service to our citizens. we will work with the division of criminal justice services and review the requirements and guidelines of getting our emergency response team certified, and begin the process of adhering to such requirements.2) goal: relocate ert vehicles and equipment objective:  in an effort to improve efficiency, and reduce response times to emergencies, our agency will be relocating ert equipment and their vehicle to the old fire station bay, next door to us. the bay will need to be renovated, and new lockers and storage will need to be purchased for ert usage.3) goal: revitalize our recruitment efforts to attract more applicantsobjective: over the past several years, the number of applicants for a police officer, with our agency, has steadily declined. with the intention of attracting more applicants and interest in our profession, our agency will be strengthening our efforts of engaging potential candidates. we are looking to utilize our drone units and faro machine to take a new recruitment video and will contract with a video company to edit the video for the advertisement.4) goal: distribute public surveyobjective: as in recent years, our department is looking to send out community surveys to gauge how our agency is performing. it will give the public an opportunity to provide feedback on anyissues with their neighborhood, or our department, and highlight what they would like to see improvement on. the responses from the surveys will then be collected and analyzed. the survey should be expected to be distributed in 3q 2024.5) goal: emergency vehicle operation course (evoc) trainingobjective: our department is seeking to organize and implement a comprehensive driving refresher course for all police officers. our certified evoc instructor will make contact with nys encon police to schedule a course on the fulton, ny evoc track, and will also create a digital lesson plan/ training for all officers. the course will reinforce officer competency in driving under a variety of emergency response calls and situations. 











 




 








 





apd resources

apd recruiting
alternate side parking
burglary prevention
faq
forms & documents
missing persons
use of force policies
department policies
nys sex offender registry
other resources
pay parking tickets
equipment calibration
officer certifications
file a compliment/complaint


submit a tip
   



 

 





auburn police department46 north street, auburn, ny 13021phone: (315) 253-3231

login 








