






cool freebie links

























skip to content



cool freebie links














homeaboutadvertiser contactcontact












galaxy vs. iphone




november 4, 2019
cool freebie links


samsung and apple are both active players within the smartphone market, having significant shares as well. both have their advantages as well as disadvantages, and it depends on the user which smartphone they ultimately decide to buy.
some of the pros and cons of having an iphone and a galaxy are listed below:
advantages of having an iphone:

quality of hardware: apple provides a better variety of equipment with the enhanced build. the phone will function the way it does for a few years until apple decides to release a new update for its ios. this significant update will then make the phone lag, making you want to replace it.security: apple has its proprietary operating system and is a closed environment. thus, due to ios, iphones are considered to be more secure than android-based phones. apple’s ecosystem: for those users who prefer using apple products, such as iphones, macbooks, and ipads, among others, apple offers some unique and enhanced syncing capabilities. if one is working on a particular apple device and wants to switch to another, it can be very quickly done as all the data is already synced. status symbol: for many, owning an iphone is considered to be a status symbol. users take great pride in owning an apple product.
disadvantages of having an iphone:
price factor: iphones are costly. owing to the brand name, the features, proprietary software, as well as hardware iphone prices, go up. this makes it unaffordable for a lot of people.hardware restrictions: the hardware is both a boon as well as a bane for apple. iphones have fixed storage space for their phones, wherein sd expansion is not supported. apple charges high costs for its phones, having a higher storage capacity.no scope for customization: the operating system, ios, does not give any scope for customization. the layout comes pre-programmed into the phones. additional themes cannot be added to the phones. itunes: this is mandatory software for syncing content to your devices. one cannot plug an iphone into a pc.
pros and cons of having a samsung galaxy:

samsung smartphones are programmed with android operating systems. it so seems that the cons of an iphone are the pros for samsung smartphones. samsung is known for making high displays with super amoled displays. these provide great quality viewing features for photos as well as videos. when it comes to mobile computing and web browsing things are very comparable and many apps even adult sex dating apps like https://freefuckbook.app are available on both mobile operating systems. 
as compared to apple’s iphones, samsung’s galaxy is cheaper and affordable. a samsung phone has a starting price of inr 8,000/- while an apple phone can go up to inr 70,000/-. this factor makes it accessible for a large part of the population. the cheapest iphone currently available in the market is a four-year-old iphone 5s, which has 16 gb memory space.
conclusion
these factors will hopefully help you decide between galaxy and iphone, and the brand that suits you the best. moreover, depending upon your financial capabilities, you can select the smartphone which fulfills all your requirements.…
continue reading →






				posted in: mobile computing, product comparions, smartphones



				filed under: galaxy vs iphone, smartphones compared










history of mobile computing




august 2, 2019
cool freebie links


what is mobile computing? 
mobile computing is a technology through which people can share information from the mobile to the computer or vice versa. the data can be transferred without physically connecting the devices. the mobile computing technology majorly involves three concepts:
mobile communication mobile softwaremobile hardware 
evolution of mobile computing 
mobile computing first came into the lights in the year 1990. the devices which were first implemented on mobile computing technology were two-way radios. these two-way radios were used to communicate with the computers which were three inches long with the help of large antennas. these three-inch-long computers were able to perform all those tasks a normal personal computer can do. people at that time didn’t see a laptop being connected through a static hotspot network. people were used to see the police officers communicating with each other with the help of two-way radios with large antennas over them. but, at present, people are getting more and more involved in mobile computing technology. we say that a person is using mobile computing when he/she will be sharing information without being physically connected to the other device. the sharing can be done with or without the internet.
people at that time thought to make the use of mobile computing technology easier. they did this by launching portable devices in the market which were capable of doing wireless communication. the mobile computing technology has been said as the most overwhelming technology for the business as well as for personal use. the introduction of computers and laptops brought a drastic change in the computing industry. in earlier times, machines of very big size were used for doing small tasks. but, at present, a small microprocessor can do big tasks within minutes.
why should we go for mobile computing? 
mobile computing technology revolves around devices like smartphones, tablets, palmtops, laptops, etc. these devices are also known as personal digital assistants. at present, mobile phones have become part of our life. we cannot survive even one day without our smartphones. we people have become too much used to these devices. this is so because these devices offer many flexible features. one of them is mobile computing. another is browsing the web from anywhere, meaning you can view adult sites to find a local fuck wherever you may be and swipe on dating apps. at present, almost all devices come with the facility of bluetooth as well as wireless internet connectivity interfaces. these facilities provide users very good access to the internet. 
computing in the 1970’s

in the year 1970, alan kay had a view of the portable computers. alan kay was a researcher at the very famous xerox parc. the alan kay named his computer model as dynabook. but his model didn’t get a cardboard model. alan kay had to face many funding issues by the xerox. that’s why the dynabook couldn’t get developed.
role of personal digital assistants in mobile computing 
as said above, pda devices have made a drastic change in mobile computing. just because of these devices, people started taking an interest in mobile computing. this is so because these devices are portable, easy to use and carry. people can browse the internet, share information, can do video conferencing, can watch online videos, take photographs, send as well as receive emails, etc. anywhere, anytime.
this increase in the use of portable digital assistants became a catalyst for market shares. the manufacturers started manufacturing new smartphones and devices which can perform all the functions and tasks which are performed by the normal personal computers. after the modifications in functions and the appearance of the smartphones, the manufacturers started emphasizing on the speed of the smartphones. the new smartphones had been launched and are still launching with new functions, more security and more processing speed. the manufacturers like apple, blackberry, android are continuously developing themselves for delivering the best products to their customers.
the manufacturing of personal digital assistants increased the demand of customers. people started using these devices for their personal as well as for their professional use. the manufactures started collaborating with other vendors too for improving their services. for example, the vendors which provide cellular services were forced to make more subscribers or customers. for this, they started giving new offers to their customers. the offers had been provided in different ways. for example, in the form of high-speed internet data, video as well as voice service. just because of this, the evolution of internet speed has also started. from 2g, 3g, 4g networks.
ipads and tablets pc’s

as said above, after the increase in the demand for smartphones, the new smartphones with different features have also launched. one of the features of smartphones was the size. the smartphones of big and bigger size started to launch in the market.
however, the tablets are larger as compared to smartphones. along with the larger size, these devices touch screens. they are also operated by the pens. these devices have the shape of slates. they are thinner as well as light in weight. for example, ipads, blackberry playbooks, galaxy tabs, etc. these devices provide the same functions which are provided by a personal computer. these devices are said to be very efficient for computing. the processing speed of these devices is said the same as the horsepower.
current trends in mobile computing
here are the latest trends in mobile computing at present. they are listed below:
3ggps (global positioning system)lte (long term evolution)wimaxnear field communication 
conclusion 
mobile computing technology has emerged as a boon for the people. this technology has evolved itself very immensely over a long period. in earlier times, there was no internet and people were used to do computing from one place only. but at present, people can share information with the people miles away from them within seconds. mobile computing technology is still developing itself. people were used to the 2g networks. this internet speed was enough for us. but at present, we can’t live without the 4g network. if we use 2g network at present, then we will get frustrated. mobile computing technology is successfully fulfilling the needs of the people. …
continue reading →






				posted in: mobile computing, smartphones, tablets



				filed under: history of mobile computing, mobile computing evolution










best smartwatch wearables




may 8, 2021
cool freebie links


smartwatches now have an all new approach and they have come a long way from what they were even a few years back. the focus of the watch manufacturers are no more limited solely on the usability but on the fancy outlook as well. the features too have been extended to include the measurement of fitness, media controllers etc. not only that, you can also receive or drop a call or check a quick glimpse of messages that your phone has received right from your smartwatch. this enhances convenience for the users.
let’s take a look at the best smartwatches available in the contemporary tech market:
apple watch series 5
os – watch os 6, connectivity – bluetooth, wifi, nfc, lte, compatibility – ios, ip rating: water resistant to 50 m, battery – 1 to 2 days, processor – apple s4, charging method – wireless, onboard storage – 16 gb, band size – depends on the basis of the watch size.
innovative technology and awesome features are the major usps of apple smartwatch. though there are various smartwatches dime a dozen, none is really better than this, given all the features is considered. the always on display makes you always active and check out time and operate other functionalities easily.
pros:
large screenalways on displayslick designnumerous fitness features
cons:
battery life is poorexpensive
samsung galaxy watch
os – tizen os, connectivity – wifi, bluetooth, display – 1.2’’ or 1.3’’ 360×360 super amoled, ip rating – 50m, battery duration – 4 days on 46 mm, processor – dual core 1.15 ghz, onboard storage – 4 gb, band size – 22 m or 20 mm.
this smartwatch has improved from its last release in 2017. samsung has often been avoided by the users for its poor battery life and this smartwatch sure plays a hero! you will never complain its battery life as it can run as long as a full day or even more (based on your activities) on a single charge. also, there are a plenty of fitness highlights and features which make the watch desirable for the fitness enthusiasts. you can even save your diet chart in the watch and conveniently check these out while on the go!
pros:
top class battery lifereliable experiencepractical rotating bezel
cons:
bixby still lack
fossil gen 5
connectivity – bluetooth, wifi, gps, compatibility – ios, ip rating: 3 atm, battery – 1 to 2 days, processor – snapfragon wear 3100, charging method – proprietary, onboard storage – 8 gb, band size – 22 mm straps.
pros:
lightweight designapp availabilitypowerful batterysturdy design
cons:
gps can be slow sometimes
the fossil group has gradually come to the forefront as the mainstream model manufacturers have a taken a leave with time. this fifth gen smartwatch provides you with an improved performance and battery life all the while bringing a wide range of google’s play store to the wearable market.
though some tech geeks consider that the battery life could be better and the inconsistent performance is not acceptable in the price range, but you may not pay any heed to these complains if you are a die hard fan of os watch. honestly, fossil gen 5 got no competition once it comes to this genre. the best part? the watch has a wide range of designs and you can choose your favorite one.
ticwatch pro
os – wear os, connectivity – bluetooth 4.1, wifi, nfc, compatibility – android 4.3+, ios 8+, ip rating: ip68, battery duration – 1 to 2 days, 5 extra days when in essential mode, processor – qualcomm snapdragon wear 2100, charging method – magnetic connecting pin, onboard storage – 4 gb, band size – depends on the basis of the watch size.
with its unique dual screen feature, this is indeed one of the best smartwatch wearables. one of the layers is on top of the other. the topmost layer is lcd display that is transparent and it shows the time, battery life, and your heart rate.
just below this you will find a vibrant colored oled screen which gives the benefits of wear os. it shines when you are running on a low battery. if you use the watch on essential mode, the battery can last up to a whopping 5 days. nevertheless, the lack of apps in it is sure a drawback for some tech geeks.
pros
innovative screen techpremium designbattery life on essential mode – 5 days
cons
limited appno lte features
so which one is your pick? have you not found your preferable smartwatch wearable in our list? don’t be sad. feel free to inform in our comment box and we will feature your favorite ones the next time.…
continue reading →






				posted in: wearable tech



				filed under: smartwatches, wearable technology










finding the best customization apps for android




september 24, 2020
cool freebie links


in the recent days, even though the use of android is becoming less and less each day. but still, it is the open platform that its rivals. you can utilize different applications that can alter your experience of using a smartphone on the internet. you can modify your email application or your launcher for experiencing various experiences. you can also try various manner in customizing your android device by using different customization applications available nowadays. 
what are the best android customization applications?
ifttt
this is one of the powerful applications which you can utilize to automate different types of jobs or tasks. it operates among six hundred types of applications. you can possess various things and many recipes on the web. ifttt personalizes the stuff than how it appears on the phone consisting of thousand recipes and compatible applications. it is the free application without any advertisements and in app purchases. 
miui-ify
it is the customization application with small elements which enables your device to appear as the devices of miui style. it involves complete colour customization and fast settings which is displayed at the screen bottom and icon packs etc. you can entirely customize your device and can sum up with small tricks of customization. it offers a solid experience to your device in customizing it. this can be valuable if you want to disguise certain applications on your mobile device. maybe you want to change the name and widget appearance of a free sex site like meet and fuck uk. you don’t need anyone who might be peering over your shoulder to see that you’re on a casual dating app. so this little customization tool has more than just aesthetic purposes. 
navigation gestures
a new gesture of navigation system was introduced by android pie. this customization application can omit the bar of navigation in a series of swipes and gestures. every activity is personalized with different number of gestures made as you can swipe from different positions from different sides without any holding. you can utilize it in your recent application buttons, home and back. the premium version of this application adds the support for the quick settings, notification, screenshots, and media controls etc. 
substratum or synergy
these both are the theme frameworks for the devices of android. they utilize overlay manager system of android to customize your device. the substratum or synergy are the complicated software parts. these both operate without having any root on the devices of android. you can experience these both platforms on android oreo with the root. you can find different themes in the store of google play which operate with these platforms. there is a variation in the cost but these both are not costly. these both are extraordinary applications of customization. 
tasker
it is the strongest application present in the store of google play which can do any task. it can make fresh actions, automate tasks, and other types of tasks etc. this application is not a simple one to utilize as there are many applications with direct offering tasker support. 
zedge
it is the prominent application of customization where you can find decent wallpapers and pictures. it brings the notification tones, alarm tones, and ringtones. you also might find extraordinary songs, sound effects, and other information. you can also upload your personal website of zedge if you want something to share to individuals. it is the good application with best notification tones and ringtones which are not needed to be created. it is the best customization application for personalizing your device of android. 
tapet
this is one of the best applications with good wallpapers and it is a unique one. this application contains wide variety of patterns and every pattern is customizable. you can pick the colours and reload the pattern for variety of variant where the wallpapers are big which should be able to work on any displays of highest resolution. it operates as a great customization application as each wallpaper is configurable. this application pro version is cheap yet in app purchases are optional. 
sharedr
the best and unique customization application is sharedr. it deals with things which you share with the coming prompt. this prompt displays the application lists with the random list of your contacts which are favourite. here, you can only personalize the applications you need and eliminate the contacts which are random. you might require some work to set this application. but this application shares information in easy way when you set up this app to customize your android device based on your preferences. you can get this application for free of cost with no in app purchases and no advertisements. …
continue reading →






				posted in: mobile computing, smartphones










best tablets on the market




march 3, 2019
cool freebie links


why is it essential to compare before you buy a tablet?
are you looking to buy the best tablet by the end of 2019? then you must stay with us to know which tablet is ready to buy at the best price in the tablet market. the tablets which come in low price range offer reasonable compromises. with the advancement in technology and telecommunication industry, today we had come a long way from the era of a gramophone to best access landline phones, laptops, smartphone’s, ipods, ipad and tablets that are ideal to meet your personal and professional needs of communication and an excellent source of entertainment. have a glance at best tablets compared that are about 9 – 10 inch in size to offer you a firm grip in your hand and offers you 32gb of storage all at an affordable price. most of the tablets available in the market belong to android and apple category that differ in price levels for a list of factors which they are offering. below are discussed about few apple tablets that are readily available to purchase on amazon, best buy and walmart, which sell a wide range of collections worldwide and strives to meet customer satisfaction. for further information, you can refer to the site of www.techradar.com/news/best-tablet
here is the list of best tablets that are ready to buy in 2019:
how good are you to choose the best tablet? well, it is a tedious job, as we need to check the latest features what it is offering and most important it should come within our budget. being a powerful tool it is an ideal replacement to laptop to perform any work, entertainment, and communication. it is portable and easy to carry around wherever you travel. before you step forward to choose the best tablet you need to look at the following factors such as its display, its battery life, its mode of functionality, and whether it is compatible to support a reliable keyboard. the best tablets that are ready to buy are as follows:
apple ipad pro 11: the ipad pro 11 is one of the most potent tablets of apple, which stands to be a great choice to buy today. leverage the 2-in-1 design of tablets that look similar to a laptop which can be attached to a keyboard to achieve a higher rate of performance.  having 11-inch widescreen, it has superb speakers to offer you high-quality sound. this tablet has ios 12 built software to perform various tasks such as a laptop that works with 7,812mah battery. this tablet comes with a storage capacity of 64gb-512gb. it has 12mp rear camera and 7mp front camera with one micro sd slot.apple ipad pro 12.9: this tablet is a bit expensive and comes with ios 12 software. having 12 .9 inch widescreen, it is similar to a laptop that fills all your personal to workstation needs. it is portable and ideal for watching cinema that works with 9, 720mah battery, 12mp rear camera and 7mp front camera. it has a storage capacity of around 64gb/256gb/512gb/1tb which you can use with apple pencil and smart keyboard, as this tablet is worth to purchase.ipad air 9.7: this tablet is available at a very affordable price and ideal to buy for students to ease their education. it possesses 9.7-inch widescreen, and its battery lasts up to 10 hours to offer you fantastic experience with 1536 x resolution, 8mp rear camera and 1.2mp front camera. all over it is best for the average consumer that comes with 20gb ram and works with ios 12 software but not compatible to support with the keyboard. this tablet comes with touch id fingerprint sensor and holds storage capacity of 32/128gb, which allows you to browse and store your favorite videos as an excellent media player that helps you to increase your productivity
though these tablets are smaller in size than of regular laptops, they are portable and easy to use that comes with durable battery and other lists of factors which make them ideal to purchase to meet your both personal and professional needs. at present, they are also supported to work with a keyboard and have the excellent storage capacity to store your valuable data which you can access later. buy any of these best tablets that offer higher resolution and great pixel to capture any moment to make your event memorable. enjoy using the tablet that can also be attached to keyboard to provide you with laptop-like experience to handle your work at a faster pace and thereby increase your productivity.
conclusion:
there are many companies in the market which are selling amazing products at an affordable price. but choosing the right tablet is what matters as it works like a mini laptop to meet all your personal to office needs without any hassles. hence first compare every tablet with one another to know what makes it different from others. built with the ios operating system, they are highly compatible and ready to access to perform any task. the above-mentioned tablets are best to buy to ease the task of professionals and students who want to stay ahead of their competitors by keeping themselves updated with the latest technology.
…
continue reading →






				posted in: mobile computing, tablets



				filed under: best tablets








search for:





recent posts


best smartwatch wearables


finding the best customization apps for android


galaxy vs. iphone


history of mobile computing


best tablets on the market


categories

mobile computing

product comparions

smartphones

tablets

wearable tech


tagsbest tablets
galaxy vs iphone
history of mobile computing
mobile computing evolution
smartphones compared
smartwatches
wearable technology
archives

may 2021
september 2020
november 2019
august 2019
march 2019

meta

log in
entries feed
comments feed
wordpress.org













	copyright © 2025 cool freebie links — primer wordpress theme by godaddy















