de kuyper         






brands
cocktails
our story
careers
sustainability
responsible consumption
sustainable production
responsible sourcing
community involvement
employee well-being

news
contact








home of the cocktail
we are de kuyper, royal distillers with a long heritagede kuyper royal distillers offers a wide range of cocktail liqueurs and the possibility to create endless cocktails. we have been distilling for nearly 330 years and created own brands such as mandarine napoléon, rutte and peachtree.let us inspire you in the world of cocktails!
award winningrewarded ‘liqueur producer of the year’ for six years in a rowfor the sixth year running, de kuyper royal distillers has been recognised as “liqueurs producer of the year” by international spirits challenge.a trophy is the highest accolade a brand can receive from isc and is regarded as one of the most respected and sought-after awards in the drinks industry. winners represent the best in their category and are selected by an expert panel of more than 50 world renowned specialist judges.


de kuyper essentials




de kuyper variations




de kuyper fizzy rtds




peachtree




bébo




rutte




chocovine




heering




mandarine napoléon




kwai feh




warninks




bartender editions

our brandsinspirationcocktails is what we do. we have been in this business since 1695, but we’re still young at heart! we would like to inspire you with golden oldies, classic cocktails and hot and trendy mixers. start making cocktails, take your cocktails to the next level, inspire customers what to make or teach your staff to make a mean signature cocktail.latest news

keyboard_arrow_rightnew look, same legacy: heering launches new bottle design09 december 2024
schiedam, 5 december 2024. de kuyper royal distillers is giving one of its most renowned brands, heering cherry liqueur, a refreshed look with a new packing design. the r...


keyboard_arrow_rightde kuyper royal distillers crowned “liqueur producer of the year” for sixth consecutive year at isc 202430 september 2024
de kuyper royal distillers has once again proven its dominance in the world of cocktail liqueurs by being named the “liqueur producer of the year” at the inte...
more newsfollow us
careers
news
get in touchdisclaimer
privacy statement
enjoy responsibly!
keyboard_arrow_down

global (english)


netherlands (nederlands)


arrow_right_altfilter by keyboard_arrow_down
 none
 news
 products
 cocktailscloseclosemanage cookie consent
to provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as anonymous browsing behavior or unique ids on this site. not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions.



functional



functional

always active	





the technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.



preferences


preferences






the technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.



statistics


statistics






the technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.
the technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your internet service provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.




marketing


marketing






the technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.

manage options
manage services
manage {vendor_count} vendors
read more about these purposes
accept
deny
view preferences
save preferences
view preferences
{title}
{title}
{title}manage consent        