



mecklenburg neurology group | proud to lead the way in neurological care.















































(704) 335-3400

patient portal


about
services
blog
patient forms
referrals
privacy notice
contact



toggle navigation






home
about
services
blog
patient forms
referrals
contact
privacy notice
(704) 335-3400
patient portal









			proud to lead the way
			 in neurological care.
		
our doctors are dedicated to providing advanced diagnostic, treatment, 
			and management options for your neurological concerns.



			contact us ⟩
		

mecklenburg neurologyat mecklenburg neurology, we're proud to lead the way in neurological care. we have four convenient locations serving charlotte, nc and the surrounding communities. our doctors are dedicated to providing advanced diagnostic, treatment, and management options for your neurological concerns. by combining patient education and state-of-the-art treatments, we invite our patients to become active participants in their healthcare plan. as always, new patients are welcome!services we offerour team at mecklenburg neurology offers a number of neurological treatment options. whether you require a first-time patient, looking for a second opinion, or seeking support for continuing care, we are here for you. mecklenburg neurology offers leading diagnostic technology, including vascular testing, balance and veng testing, transcranial doppler testing for stroke, eeg, ncv/emg, and laboratory services. these advanced methods allow us to provide fast and accurate diagnoses for effective treatments. click the links below to learn more about each specific service.epilepsy / seizures
a seizure is characterized by abnormal brain activity triggered by an electrical discharge. epilepsy is the term used to describe the neurological condition...sleep disorders
there are several types of sleep disorders. not all of them are caused by neurological conditions. however, those that are can be diagnosed and...attention deficit disorder
attention deficit disorder (add) is a neurological condition that is characterized by difficulty focusing. oftentimes individuals with add have...spine & muscle disease
there are a vast number of neurological disorders that affect the spine and muscles. some of the most common include multiple sclerosis (ms), als...dementia
dementia is not a disease, but rather an all-encompassing term to describe symptoms of cognitive decline such as communication and memory issues.stroke
a stroke is defined by an event in which blood supply to the brain is interrupted. as a result, the brain does not receive necessary oxygen or...neuropathy & nerve disorderthe peripheral nervous system transports signals from the central nervous system (the brain and spinal cord) to the rest of the...pediatric and adolescent neurology
examining, diagnosing, and treating neurological diseases that strike children from neonatal through adult stages.headaches and migraines
examining, diagnosing, and treating headaches and migraines.neurodegenerative and movement disorders
we can help diagnose and treat a wide variety of movement disorders, also called neurodegenerative disorders.our providersat mecklenburg neurology, our team of experts spends time with each patient individually to deliver comprehensive, effective care. no two patients are the same. that’s why we customize your treatment for your specific needs. we’ll walk you through every stage, so you always know what to expect.


michael amiri
     md,dabsm
  




robert nahouraii
     md
  



    learn more about our providers  ⟩
  
fellowship training and continuing educationin addition, our team is committed to continuing education every year. as with any field in medicine, neurology is constantly evolving, and new discoveries are continually made. by staying up to date on the latest technologies, methods, and surgical techniques, we can provide our patients with the most advanced care available.a focus on compassionate carewe understand the sensitive nature surrounding many neurological conditions. that’s why our entire team is committed to providing top-tier, compassionate care. when you walk through our doors, you’ll be treated just as we would treat our own family members.receiving any diagnosis can be stressful and troubling. our team is here to walk with you every step of the way, from your initial consultation all the way through to treatment, recovery, and management. our primary goal is to provide the care you need to improve your overall quality of life. we achieve that through comprehensive testing, treatment, and patient education.what sets us apart?we understand that you have many options when it comes to neurological care. why choose us? our team at mecklenburg neurology has over 40 years of combined experience. we also use only the latest, most advanced technologies, and recommend the most conservative treatments possible. most of all, we listen to our patients. we truly value your feedback and strive to be the gold standard in neurological care.contact our practice todaywe’re so glad you’re considering mecklenburg neurology for your healthcare needs. to learn more about our practice, or to schedule a consultation at one of our office locations, give us a call at (704) 335-3400. our team is always standing by to answer any questions you may have.

    contact us  ⟩
  









services

epilepsy / seizures
sleep disorders
attention deficit disorder
spine & muscle disease
dementia
stroke
neuropathy & nerve disorder
pediatric and adolescent neurology
headaches and migraines
neurodegenerative and movement disorders



explore

about mecklenburg neurology
our services
blog
referrals
patient forms
privacy notice



locations

3541 randolph rd., ste 301, charlotte nc
8001 n tryon st., charlottle, nc
70 lake concord rd. ne, concord, nc
511 lauchwood r., laurinburg, nc
1665 herlong court suite b, rock hill, sc



connect

contact us
office:  (704) 335-9794
appointments:  (704) 335-3400
fax:  (704) 332-2329









      copyright © 2021 mecklenburg neurology, all rights reserved.
    



powered by cardsetter
















