





 



gardall safe corporation - since 1950














































































home


products


where to buy


support


about


contact



315.432.9115


find us on facebook
follow us on instagram
watch us on youtube























previous



next

 




 

















the most trusted name in safes
a globally respected manufacturer of premium quality safes and security devices, for 75 years the gardall safe corporation has been dedicated to building the toughest, most secure safes, depositories, and lock-boxes in the world. gardall classic safes are hand-crafted at our plant in syracuse by our highly skilled craftspeople, using techniques perfected since our opening in 1950.
trusted worldwide by hospitals, casinos, hotels, sports complexes, and countless individuals, protecting your valuables, documents, and vital records from fire and theft is our only business. whether you need a safe for for your home or business, are looking to lower your insurance cost (gardall “b”-rated burglary safes allow you to receive full insurance coverage in accordance with the broad form and mercantile safe insurance classifications), or are in need of exceptional, independently tested fire and burglary protection (such as with our u.l. 1 and 2 hour safes), there is a gardall safe that suits your needs.
 




how to buy
 













 
















compact depository safe that packs a punch				
posted: april 16, 2024

category: press


the best selling safe model lc1414 - available with depository functionality - is the solution for cash handling in businesses that need small, secure locations to store cash or other valuables. compact enough to be installed under a counter (14" wide, deep, and high), the lc1414 still packs a punch. with a 1/2" plate steel door and formed door jam, these safes will resist most sledgehammer attacks. they also have 4 anchor holes and an independent relocker for increased burglary protection.				

view safes




the best all around fire and burglary safe for homes				
posted: march 13, 2024

category: press


when choosing the right safe for your home, it is critical to think about both burglary and fire. the u.l. rated gardall 2 hour fire safe + burglary safe is engineered to cover both of these hazards to an extreme level. the 2 hour fire test ensures that if the exterior temperature reaches 1850°f, the interior temperature will not exceed 350°f (paper chars at 405°f) throughout 2 hour test and cool down. the u.l. burglary safe test confirms that even when attacked with a variety of implements, the safe defenses will maintain the integrity of the burglary safe. the 4.5 inch thick door with anti-pry design, 5 massive over-sized bolts, center bolt-down hole, handle with shear point, and independent relocker and hardplate will keep the contents safe. the fact that we've been manufacturing this safe in the same way for decades is a testament to the craftsmanship that goes into each and every safe coming out of our plant in syracuse.				

view safes




burglary safe - fire safe - refresh: new colors, same quality				
posted: november 7, 2023

category: company news


gardall is excited to announce an aesthetic refresh to its best-in-class ul 2-hour fire safe / ul burglary safe rated line of residential safes. the new colors - storm, marble, and lunar - are inspired by current home and interior design trends. tried-and-true heritage colors - gardall grey and sandstone- remain available, as well as, customer favorites - black, hunter green, and maroon. the best part: no upcharge! the best home safe in the industry just got better.				

view safes




new product alert: hidden wall safes now available				
posted: october 26, 2023

category: company news


hidden wall safe options are now available from gardall and shipping quickly. these safes are easily installed between studs and are designed to be hidden in walls. with a removable shelf and interior led light, these in wall safes are convenient and organized. new gardall wall safes come with an electronic keypad and override key.				

download pdf




featured in survivor's edge magazine				
posted: august 1, 2021

category: press


gardall 1812-2 recommended as storage guardian in survivor's edge magazine.				

download pdf




forbes on sentry				
posted: june 1, 2021

category: press


forbes - "this popular fire safe can be opened in about one second"				

read more


















 





download catalog

 












lost combination?
please note if you have lost or forgotten your safe combination, you must call a local locksmith or gardall safe dealer.
 





gardall safe instructions

 







 warranty registrations








register your gardall safe






*model #



*serial #





*date of purchase



*email address





*purchaser's first name



*purchaser's last name





*address



address cont.





*city



*state



*zip





*dealer's name





*address



address cont.





*city



*state



*zip







check this box to register for your one year extended warranty. you must mail a $50.00 check or money order within (10) days from date of purchase. your extended warranty gives you (2) full years of coverage.





this site is protected by recaptcha and the google privacy policy and terms of service apply.







submit









 




our products

fire safes
gun safes
commercial safes
hidden wall safes
media safes
high security safes
drop safes - depository safes
in room hotel safes
hidden in floor safes
jewelry safe
safe storage / jewelry cabinets




contact us



*first name



*last name





*email



*phone





*message





this site is protected by recaptcha and the google privacy policy and terms of service apply.


















315-432-9115
219 lamson st.syracuse, ny 13206


home
products
dealers
support
about
contact
accessibility




© copyright 2025 gardall safe corporation. all rights reserved.


















