







grandavenueband



































































































              home
            

            about
          

            video
          

            songs 
          

            faq
          

            book the band
          






















































homeaboutvideosongs faqbook the band







pack the dance floor.











scroll








grand avenue band five-star entertainment to raise the bar on your party of a lifetime.













your event is once-in-a-lifetime.
grand avenue band is ohio’s top event band, specializing in helping you create memories that’ll last the rest of your life. we handle the party so you can enjoy every moment of your special day and soak up the compliments afterward. with over 20 years of incredible service, grand avenue band understands how to keep your celebration shakin’ while also honoring that there will never be another night like yours. whether it’s a fancy-pants soiree or a down-home backyard wedding, we bring the highest energy possible and make sure your guests are dancing all night long.



get this party started
















pack the dance floor.(all photos are of grand avenue band events)




    nail down your date with the band that gets everyone from grandma to your college roommate outta their seats. →
  









 

you just worry about having the time of your life(and be ready for your friends and family to talk about your amazing wedding for years to come).




    book the entertainment that makes every detail of your event our priority →
  

 







 









 

what you get: professional, polished musicians playing the area’s most extraordinary parties for the past 20 years,party-rockin’ personalities on the mic to get your guests out of their seats & keep ‘em on the dance floor,and an event coordinator to nail all of your details while you party with your friends and make memories forever.this ain’t no bar band.

 









 









best wedding ever



pack the dance floor



party pros



what you get








 





powered by squarespace










