








	peterson & schriever sfb
























skip to main content (press enter).



























u.s. air force logo























home


newsroom


news


videos


bulletin




photo studio


about us


space base delta 1


biographies


economic impact


fact sheets


installation visitors


resources


careers


finance


history


privatized housing resident advocate




security and policy review




directory


snow call


contact us


sexual misconduct disciplinary actions












peterson and schriever space force base




homenewsphoto studiovisitorsabout ussnow calldirectorycontact


















































space base delta 1 volunteers inspire future 
stem leaders at afcea robotics competition

space base delta 1 volunteers inspire future 
stem leaders at afcea robotics competition
at the afcea pikes peak vex v5 robotics competition signature event, space base delta 1 volunteers inspired young minds by bridging military expertise with hands-on science, technology, engineering and mathematics mentorship.
staff sgt. jaime sanchez











ippw brings resiliency and support to pituffik space base

ippw brings resiliency and support to pituffik space base
the integrated primary prevention workforce recently visited pituffik space base, greenland, bringing essential resources and support to service members stationed at one of the most remote military installations in the world.
courtesy photo











21 lrs & ssc use ai to revolutionize logistics

21 lrs & ssc use ai to revolutionize logistics
connie dillon











chief master sgt. of the space force john f. bentivegna talks with senior enlisted guardians

chief master sgt. of the space force john f. bentivegna talks with senior enlisted guardians
christopher l. ingersoll











security forces and medical group team up to strengthen mission synergy

security forces and medical group team up to strengthen mission synergy
airmen from the 21st security forces squadron and the 21st medical group stepped into each other’s worlds through a unique personnel exchange program.  
staff sgt. jaime sanchez































 
 




















u.s. space force news












cso, cmssf represent space force at daytona 500 











space force leaders visit japan to strengthen partnership











daf releases memorandum dei and gender ideology awards guidance 











the department of the air force releases memorandum dei and gender ideology publication review 











daf releases memorandum updated telework agreements to comply with presidential memorandum, return to in-person work












peterson & schriever sfb news












 space base delta 1 volunteers inspire future stem leaders at afcea robotics competition











 ippw brings resiliency and support to pituffik space base 











af/sg updates medical shaving profile guidance: improving education and aligning standards











semper venator: always the hunter. spoc updates motto











exec order signals change to telework policy

















videos































 
















































team bulletin

team bulletin
check out the team bulletin for base-wide events and updates.



see more
          










photo gallery

photo gallery
check out our latest photos here!



see more
          










snow call procedures

snow call procedures
frequently asked questions and impacts to services



see more
          










































































































 


official united states space force website








quick links
contact usequal opportunityfoia | privacy | section 508inspector generalinformation qualityjag court-martial docketlink disclaimerno fear actopen governmentosi tip lineplain languageresiliencersssite mapspace force portal (cac-enabled)usa.govveterans crisis line



careers
join the space forceusa jobs


connect

                get social with us         
            






u.s. air force logo














official united states air force website




hosted by defense media activity - web.mil










