south africa nature reserves - game reserve, national park accommodation  
homeeastern cape nature reservefree state nature reservekwazulu natal nature reservelimpopo nature reservempumalanga nature reservenorthern cape nature reservenorth west nature reservewestern cape nature reservenature reserves near townspopular selectionswildlifecamping guidetravel tips & advicewhat to do travel guidesnature reserves experiencesgeographic regionshistorysouth africa nature reservesgame reserves and national parkssouth african nature reserves and national parks have breathtaking scenery, and offer great outdoor activities. pack up the tent or book a chalet and load up with provisions and head into the bush with the whole family.
take in the spectacular scenery while hiking with family or friends. enjoy bird watching and game viewing, fishing, 4x4 trails, swimming and canoeing. explore the rich cultural history of south africa and see ancient bushmen rock art.find the south african nature reserves closest to your town 
kruger national park
kruger national park is world-renowned as south africa's most famous national park, and consists of nearly two million hectares of wilderness. it has the greatest diversity of wildlife in the region and offers excellent affordable and luxury safari accommodation. it is one of the best places in the country to see the big five.

kwazulu-natal nature reserveskwazulu-natal nature reserves in south africa offer activities that include exhilarating hikes in the drakensberg and big five safaris in the hluhluwe-umfolozi game reserve. combine diving and snorkelling with your safari and discover the wetlands and amazing marine life of the isimangaliso wetland park - a world heritage site.

western cape nature reserveswestern cape nature reserves in south africa include table mountain national park - one of the new seven wonders of the world. see the penguins at boulders beach, and enjoy excellent birding in the west coast national park. witness the most southern tip of africa at agulhas national park. set out on spectacular hiking trails in the region.

eastern cape nature reservesthe eastern cape nature reserves in south africa offer malaria-free game viewing making them an ideal destination for families. go on exciting adventure activities in the garden route national park. see many elephants in the addo elephant national park and discover the unique flora of the region which contains all seven biomes.

northern cape nature reservesnorthern cape nature reserves in south africa include vast nature reserves with breathtaking scenery. come and explore the desert landscape of the kgalagadi transfrontier park and see oryx and black-maned kalahari lion. the augrabies falls national park is home to the thundering augrabies waterfalls. 
mpumalanga nature reserves
mpumalanga nature reserves in south africa offer superb wildlife sightings of big five game. the blyde river canyon reserve in mpumalanga (also known as motlatse canyon provincial nature reserve) is situated on the panorama route which is famous for its incredible scenery; highlights include the three rondavels, bourke's luck potholes and god's window. 
north west nature reserves
north west nature reserves in south africa boast some of the top wildlife areas in south africa. pilanesberg national park and the madikwe game reserve are close to sun city resort making them ideal for day trips. pilanesberg offers a range of accommodation including safari lodges, bush camps and resorts.
limpopo nature reserveslimpopo nature reserves in south africa's limpopo province, include many esteemed parks and reserves such as the kruger national park, welgevonden and the waterberg area. come and encounter the big five and lots of other wildlife while on exciting game drives and bush walks.

free state nature reservesfree state nature reserves in south africa let you discover the splendour of the mountains of the golden gate highlands national park which is named after how the light reflects off its sandstone peaks. the park also contains some great bushmen rock painting sites and is home to the rare bearded vulture.
gauteng nature reservesalthough gauteng is not known for its national parks and nature reserves, many of the country's most famous parks and reserves in neighbouring provinces can be easily reached from gauteng.your ultimate guide to south african nature reserves
find the south african nature reserves closest to your town
popular south africa nature reserve experiences
travel tips & advice while on holiday
travel guides to nature reserves in south africa
your guide to week-end breaks and family holidays in naturecome and discover the rich biodiversity and untamed beauty of south african nature reserves and national parks. from the airy peaks of the drakensberg, to dense forests, arid deserts and beautiful coastline, there is something for the whole family.grab the kids and set out on scenic hiking trails, enjoy bird watching, go fishing, quad biking and mountain biking. the big five are closer than you think, many reserves within a couple of hours of the major cities offer spectacular game viewing opportunities. next - contact ustoggle navigationenquire(current)  contact us         south africa nature reserves : game reserves and national parks  customer support tel: +27 21 424 1037 fax: +27 21 424 1036 contact by mail business hours mon - fri. 08:00 - 17:00 saturday. 08:00 - 12:00 booking reservations and bookings booking conditions visa and passport about siyabona africa (pty) ltd   popular pages tsitsikamma national park blyde river canyon nature reserves near durban cape vidal accommodation de hoop nature reserve camping with children nature reserve travel guides   nature reserves by region kwazulu-natal free state eastern cape limpopo northern cape western cape mpumalanga north west kruger national park   ©2024 siyabona africa (pty)ltd - booking south africa nature reserves game reserves and national parks   privacy settings


