













welcome texas medicaid providers | tmhp









  skip to main content













menu









home




programs




texas medicaid




long-term care (ltc)




1915(c) waiver programs




healthy texas women (htw)




family planning




texas health steps




cshcn services program




children's health insurance program (chip)




medical transportation program (mtp)




vendor drug program






topics




covid-19




electronic data interchange (edi)




electronic visit verification (evv)




medicaid managed care




prior authorization




provider enrollment






resources




eligibility quick check




excluded providers




forms




online fee lookup




online provider lookup




provider education and training




provider manuals




provider marketing guidelines




provider relations




rate and code updates




texmedconnect and my account guides




quick reference guides






contact




my account







 provider




 client/cliente





search search










welcome texas medicaid providers
the texas medicaid & healthcare partnership provides the resources to help providers succeed with their medicaid practice
my account

















 you must have javascript enabled in order to access this part of the site. please 
      enable javascript and then reload this page in order to continue. 


warning: this is a texas health and human services information resources system that contains state and/or u.s. government information. by using this system you acknowledge and agree that you have no right of privacy in connection with your use of the system or your access to the information contained within it. by accessing and using this system you are consenting to the monitoring of your use of the system, and to security assessment and auditing activities that may be used for law enforcement or other legally permissible purposes. any unauthorized use or access, or any unauthorized attempts to use or access, this system may subject you to disciplinary action, sanctions, civil penalties, or criminal prosecution to the extent permitted under applicable law.
-----------------------
ama/ada end user license agreement
license for use of current procedural terminology, fourth edition ("cpt® ")
cpt only copyright 2024 american medical association. all rights reserved. cpt is a registered trademark of american medical association.
you, your employees and agents are authorized to use cpt only as contained in materials on the texas medicaid & healthcare partnership (tmhp) website solely for your own personal use in directly participating in healthcare programs administered by thhs. you acknowledge that ama holds all copyright, trademark and other rights in cpt.
any use not authorized herein is prohibited, including by way of illustration and not by way of limitation, making copies of cpt for resale and/or license, transferring copies of cpt to any party not bound by this agreement, creating any modified or derivative work of cpt, or making any commercial use of cpt. license to use cpt for any use not authorized herein must be obtained through the american medical association, intellectual property services, 515 n. state street, chicago, illinois, 60610. applications are available at the american medical association website, www.ama-assn.org/go/cpt.
u.s. government rights
this product includes cpt which is commercial technical data and/or computer databases and/or commercial computer software documentation, as applicable which were developed exclusively at private expense by the american medical association, 515 north state street, chicago, illinois, 60610. u.s. government rights to use, modify, reproduce, release, perform, display, or disclose these technical data and/or computer databases and/or computer software and/or computer software documentation are subject to the limited rights restrictions of dfars 252.227-7015(b)(2) (november 1995) and/or subject to the restrictions of dfars 227.7202-1(a) (june 1995) and dfars 227.7202-3(a) (june 1995), as applicable for u.s. department of defense procurements and the limited rights restrictions of far 52.227-14 (june 1987) and/or subject to the restricted rights provisions of far 52.227-14 (june 1987) and far 52.227-19 (june 1987), as applicable, and any applicable agency far supplements, for non-department of defense federal procurements.
disclaimer of warranties and liabilities
cpt is provided "as is" without warranty of any kind, either expressed or implied, including but not limited to the implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. fee schedules, relative value units, conversion factors and/or related components are not assigned by the ama, are not part of cpt, and the american medical association (ama) is not recommending their use. the ama does not directly or indirectly practice medicine or dispense medical services. the responsibility for the content of this product is with thhs, and no endorsement by the ama is intended or implied. the ama disclaims responsibility for any consequences or liability attributable to or related to any use, non-use, or interpretation of information contained or not contained in this product.
this agreement will terminate upon notice if you violate its terms. the ama is a third party beneficiary to this agreement.
should the for egoing terms and conditions be acceptable to you, please indicate your agreement and acceptance by clicking below on the button labeled "accept".
these materials contain current dental terminology, fourth edition (cdt), copyright © 2024 american dental association (ada). all rights reserved. cdt is a trademark of the ada.
the license granted herein is expressly continued upon your acceptance of all terms and conditions contained in this agreement. by clicking below on the button labeled "accept", you hereby acknowledge that you have read, understood, and agreed to all terms and conditions set forth in this agreement.
if you do no agree with all terms and conditions set forth herein, click below on the button labeled "do not accept" and exit from this computer screen.
if you are acting on behalf of an organization, you represent that you are authorized to act on behalf of such organization and that your acceptance of the terms of this agreement creates a legally enforceable obligation of the organization. as used herein, "you" and "your" refer to you and any organization on behalf of which you are acting.
1. subject to the terms and conditions contained in this agreement, you, your employees and agents are authorized to use cdt only as contained in the following authorized materials and solely for internal use by yourself, employees and agents within your organization within the united states and its territories. use of cdt is limited to use in programs administered by centers for medicare & medicaid services (cms). you agree to take all necessary steps to ensure that your employees and agents abide by the terms of this agreement. you acknowledge that the ada holds all copyright, trademark and other rights in cdt. you shall not remove, alter, or obscure any ada copyright notices or other proprietary rights included in the materials.
2. any use not authorized herein is prohibited, including by way of illustration and not by way of limitation, making copies of cdt for resale and/or license, transferring copies of cdt to any party not bound by this agreement, creating any modified or derivative work of cdt, or making any commercial use of cdt. license to use cdt for any use not authorized herein must be obtained through the american dental association, 211 east chicago avenue, chicago il 60611. applications are available at the american dental association web site, http://www.ada.org.
3. u.s. government rights. applicable federal acquisition regulation clauses (fars)\department of defense federal acquisition regulation supplement (dfars) restrictions apply to government use. this product includes cdt, which is commercial technical data and/or computer data bases and/or commercial computer software and/or commercial computer software documentation, as applicable, which was developed exclusively at private expense by the american dental association, 211 east chicago avenue, chicago illinois, 60611. u.s. government rights to use, modify, reproduce, release, perform, display, or disclose these technical data and/or computer data bases and/or computer software and/or computer software documentation are subject to the limited rights restrictions of dfars 252.227-7015(b)(2) (june 1995) and/or subject to the restrictions of dfars 227.7202-1(a) (june 1995) and dfars 227.7202-3(a) (june 1995), as applicable for u.s. department of defense procurements and the limited rights restrictions of far 52.227-14 (june 1987) and/or subject to the restricted rights provisions of far 52.227-14 (june 1987) and far 52.227-19 (june 1987), as applicable, and any applicable agency far supplements, for non-department of defense federal procurements.
4. ada disclaimer of warranties and liabilities. cdt is provided “as is” without warranty of any kind, either expressed or implied, including but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. no fee schedules, basic unit, relative values or related listings are included in cdt. the ada does no t directly or indirectly practice medicine or dispense dental services. the sole responsibility for the software, including any cdt and other content contained therein, is with tmhp or the cms; and no endorsement by the ada is intended or implied. the ada expressly disclaims responsibility for any consequences or liability attributable to or related to any use, non-use, or interpretation of information contained or not contained in this file/product. this agreement will terminate upon notice to you if you violate the terms of the agreement. the ada is a third party beneficiary to this agreement.
5. cms disclaimer. the scope of this license is determined by the ada, the copyright holder. any questions pertaining to the license or use of the cdt should be addressed to the ada. end users do not act for or on behalf of the cms. cms disclaims responsibility for any liability attributable to end user use of the cdt. cms will not be liable for any claims attributable to any errors, omissions, or other inaccuracies in the information or material covered by this license. in no event shall cms be liable for direct, indirect, special, incidental, or consequential damages arising out of the use of such information or material.
the license granted herein is expressly conditioned upon your acceptance of all terms and conditions contained in this agreement. if the foregoing terms and conditions are acceptable to you, please indicate your agreement by clicking below on the button labeled "accept". if you do not agree to the terms and conditions, you may not access or use the software. instead, you must exit from this computer screen.




what brings you in today?








texmedconnect










prior authorization










medicaid provider manual 










provider enrollment















































hospice forms 3071 and 3074



discover key components and significance of the forms in this high-level self-guided training overview.

 








telecommunications



understanding its use in texas medicaid. learn more today.

 








streamline your workflow



learn how to submit documentation for utilization review efficiently. click here to access this resource.

 








durable medical equipment (dme)



simplifying the process for wheelchair access. start the training today.

 








discover medicaid essentials



your go-to resources for healthcare providers and staff. 

 








nf forms 3618/3619 and mds/ltcmi



enhance your understanding of these forms with a clear, high-level, self-guided training overview.

 








meet your new virtual assistant



help is just a few clicks away. meet elsie, tmhp's new virtual assistant.

 





recent news



retroactive enrollment periods and claims reprocessing1/21/2025

upcoming webinars on revalidation due date extension and retroactive enrollment period effective dates1/17/2025

updates to pems effective february 21, 20252/17/2025

orp enrollment verifications available through the tmhp contact center2/17/2025

hhs public meetings and events2/14/2025

tracking for lifetime spending limits available in ltcop on february 21, 20252/14/2025



age limitation update for cerliponase alfa (brineura), procedure code j0567 2/14/2025

update to expendable medical supplies chapter in the cshcn services program provider manual2/14/2025

deadline for comments on hhs proposed rules due mar. 172/14/2025

update to a prior authorization requirement for autism services effective april 1, 20252/14/2025

input needed for icf provider training2/13/2025

oasis for clinicians training webinar set for february2/13/2025



see all news →













return to top























helpful links
 


about tmhp
privacy/hipaa
terms and conditions





support
 


contact us
reporting fraud
help
 












ask elsieclick here to chat with our virtual assistanttexas medicaid virtual assistant













