isafeguard: signing and encrypting files and emails made easy!         homesolutions/productsdeployment/installationabout cryptographyuser manualtutorialfaq             overview        what's new?        download        registration        support        career        partners and investors        acknowledgements        privacy statement              see also:        hipaa compliancy        utilities            
visit isafeguard.com to download isafeguard v8 the new generation

        isafeguard™ security suite

version 6.3 released!!!   click
            here to learn more.

        mxc software provides low cost, easy to use and highly secure encryption and digital
        signature solutions for every one from big companies to individual users. our software
        is used to

sign and encrypt your files of any types. 
            click here to learn more
sign and encrypt your emails. click here
            to learn more
countersign signed (and encrypted) files and emails. click
            here to learn more
search internet directory services for other people's certificates. 
            click here to learn more
backup your data securely. click here to learn more

wipe files and disk free space to ensure deleted files are safe from recovery. click here to learn more


manage the passwords of your online accounts with isafeguard™ password manager.
            no more weak passwords! isafegaurd™ password manager manages your passwords
            and fills web forms for you. click here to learn more



supports smartcards/security tokens. click here
            to learn more


isafeguard™ enterprise is designed for companies that have already
        deployed microsoft active directory and microsoft certificate service. isafeguard™
        enterprise makes it very easy to deploy an encryption and digital signature solution
        within your organization. data recovery is supported through central configuration.
        
contact us for more
            information.
    

isafeguard™ professional is designed for companies that do not have
        active directory. it does not require a pki to work. users create their own certificates
        and use them to secure their digital assets. it is perfect for individual users
        as well. click here to download.


isafeguard™ freeware is for non-business individual users. although
        it lacks some of the features the enterprise and professional editions have it does
        provide powerful encryption and digital signatures capabilities, security is as
        strong as the enterprise and professional editions. click here
            to download - it is free.


        all editions support using certificates from any certificate authorities, and handle
        certificate status checking automatically.

  trademarks  copyright ?2001-2007 mxc software. all rights reserved.  
