 


agapeland favorites, antshillvania, psalty, down by the creek bank music cds


agapeland favorites, antshillvania, psalty, down by the creek bank music cds






 






















welcome to agapelandmusic.com

















home










current ~*promotions*~










music machine










character builder stories










bullfrogs and butterflies










nathaniel the grublet










antshillvania










psalty's praise songs










down by the creek bank










sir oliver's song










little tree easter story










the birthday party cd










videos and dvds










faq










contact customer service










about us

















agapeland favorites, antshillvania, psalty and more christian music!

buy the original recordings by the agapeland singers and agape force on cd!




 
these are the original agapeland recordings; the same christian songs, same singers, digitally remasterd on cd. 
what a treat to have the each of the agapeland musicals performed by the agapeland singers and agape force.  
originally produced on lp and cassettes by sparrow records and birdwing productions, now digitally re-released on cd!
 
the music machine cd: the fruit of the spirit - visit agapeland and learn about the music machine with stevie and nancy along with the conductor.  meet herbert the snail and hear the "have patience" song.
bullfrogs and butterflies cd - featuring the music of barry mcguire in agapeland
nathaniel the grublet - featuring dean jones in direwood
sir oliver's song - a musical lesson about honesty and the 10 commandments.
 
plus…
psalty's praise songs- bring the spirit into your home with psalty.
antshillvania- with antony and antoinette in antshillvania.
 
...and many money saving packages designed to save you money when you purchase your favorite cd and dvd video sets.



 

we are so glad you found us!  we offer the complete line of agapeland christian musicals on cd.  we also carry agapeland videos on dvd, psalty as well as down by the creek bank by dottie rambo and antshillvania cds.
whether these are old favorites or new to you, these timeless agapeland classics will warm your heart. own the complete agapeland set and never miss one of these endearing musicals. 
winner of the respected dove award. 





 
 
 
we recommend the following websites:  



http://www.momtomom.org
 
http://www.wekids.org
 












   





agapeland musicals make cherished gifts!
free shipping for active military families.  agapeland music thanks you for your service.
free shipping - for all us order over $100
us flat rate shipping -  $6.95 to ship any size agapeland order to anywhere in the us.  continue shopping for agapeland music and save.  pay $6.95 s&h for your first agapeland item and all your additional agapeland items ship for free to anywhere in the us.
international orders - order agapeland music sets and save on shipping.





	 

agapeland music all rights reserved.



















