









miller school of medicine  miller school of medicine 






















skip to main content











menu




search university of miami health system




close search



education page 1




education arrow--button 



medical programs
graduate studies
graduate medical education
continuing medical education
postdoctoral programs
externships




library
administrative offices
student life



close drawer





news page 1




news arrow--button 



clinical care
community outreach
grants and awards
medical education
research and innovation




magazine
podcast



close drawer





events page 1




events arrow--button 



all events
featured events
this week




magazine
podcast



close drawer





research page 1




research arrow--button 



basic science research
clinical & translational research
data science & it
departments
centers & institutes
administrative offices




funding opportunities
research resources
find a core facility
find clinical trials







close drawer





departments page 1




departments arrow--button 



clinical departments
basic science departments
administrative departments
centers & institutes
administrative offices




library
student life







close drawer





about us page 1




about us arrow--button 



leadership
faculty
culture change
history
administrative offices
community outreach



close drawer




 search


seeking patient care?
faculty
alumni
giving












feb 14th, 2025
challenging alzheimer’s disease
read the story 










feb 13th, 2025
bridging gaps in care: jordyn williams' journey to pediatric public health and match day
read the story 










feb 12th, 2025
data and heart disease: ai in cardiovascular medicine
read the story 










feb 12th, 2025
dr. alberto j. caban-martinez appointed to new committee formed by nasem 
read the story 










feb 10th, 2025
sweet dreams: miller school scholars focus on research training
read the story 












next:bridging gaps in care: jordyn williams' journey to pediatric public health and match day




next:data and heart disease: ai in cardiovascular medicine




next:dr. alberto j. caban-martinez appointed to new committee formed by nasem 




next:sweet dreams: miller school scholars focus on research training




next:challenging alzheimer’s disease















#1 in fl

                    for research funding from the national institute of health.
                
click to view more






                    our luminary faculty investigate new ideas, new approaches, and new therapies that elevate patient care.
                

view our research









100% final match rate

                    matching at top institutions in competitive specialties across the country.
                
click to view more






                    our students become transformational leaders and shape the future of medicine.
                

learn about medical education









#1 in the nation

                    for dual-degree medical graduates.
                
click to view more






                    we offer numerous programs to complement and enhance medical training.
                

view programs









7 programs in top 25 

                    nationwide for research funding from the nih.
                
click to view more






                    our world-class investigators are recognized internationally for their work.
                

read more














welcome to the miller school of medicine
at the university of miami leonard m. miller school of medicine, we empower medical students to transform lives and serve the global community. 
about us 


















read the latest edition of medicine magazine
team science rules at the miller school, where cross-disciplinary, collaborative groups of investigators are seeking the answers to medicine’s hardest questions.
read more 









listen to the new inside u miami medicine podcast
tune in to our new podcast to hear about groundbreaking discoveries and innovations, hosted by henri r. ford, m.d., m.h.a., dean and chief academic officer.
















the future is ever brighter

			support for ever brighter: the campaign for our next century will further our work to train the next generation of compassionate health care providers and visionary researchers, promote health equity throughout south florida and beyond, and position the miller school to become one of the nation’s preeminent medical institutions.
		
read more









education
nextgenmd is a revolutionary curriculum that equips miller school of medicine students with the necessary tools to become transformational leaders and shape the future of medicine. through nextgenmd, learners champion discovery and its translation into clinical interventions to improve the health of humanity.

m.d. programsgraduate studiespostdoctoral programsgmecmeexternshipsobserverships 






research
the university of miami miller school of medicine is a research powerhouse, earning international accolades for innovations in diabetes, cancer care, genetics, genomics, precision medicine, ophthalmology, hiv, immune therapies, spinal cord injuries, and much more.

basic scienceclinical & translationalclinical trialsdepartmentscenters & institutescore facilitieslaboratories 







community outreach
miller school of medicine faculty and students help the underserved populations of south florida through outreach programs that deliver vital care and screenings.

community outreach 




patient care
as south florida's only university-based medical system, uhealth delivers leading-edge patient care by the region's best doctors, powered by the groundbreaking research from the students and faculty at the miller school of medicine.

visit uhealth 


















 instagram
 twitter
 facebook
 research gate
 linkedin
 tiktok
 threads - umiami medicine
 you tube






resources

news

research

myum



um network

alumni association
giving
wellness center
employment
university of miami



visit

campus highlights
transportation & parking





uhealth
bascom palmer eye institute
sylvester comprehensive cancer center

emergency information | privacy statement & legal notices

© 2024 university of miami. all rights reserved
lcme fully accredited institution | contact: lcme@aamc.org


individuals with disabilities who experience any technology-based barriers in accessing our website 
or accessing services through our website may contact our team at 305-284-3781 or via email at wei@miami.edu.




















































