









checking, savings, credit cards & loans in florida near you - serving orange, brevard, hillsborough, lake, osceola, polk, seminole, volusia and beyond - orlando credit union














































































fraud alert: scammers are contacting members falsifying that they are orlando credit union. orlando credit union would never call, email, or text anyone seeking personal information such as an account pin, password, or a social security number. check that website & online banking contain "orlandocreditunion.org" before entering credentials. if asked to verify personal information, hang up or delete any messages immediately. learn more
close alertfraud alert: orlando credit union would never call, email, or text seeking personal information such as an account pin, password, or a social security number. check that website & online banking contain "orlandocreditunion.org" before entering credentials. if asked to verify personal information, hang up or delete any messages immediately. learn more
close alert


close mobile menu


checking & savingscheckingsavingsmoney marketcertificatesiraseducation savings accountsloans & credit cardsauto financingmortgage lendingcredit cardshome equity loanspersonal loanspaying your loan onlinepayment protectioncommercial & small businesscommercial bankingbusiness checking & savingsbusiness checkingbusiness savingsbusiness money marketbusiness certificatesbusiness loans & credit cardsbusiness lendingbusiness credit cardsbusiness servicespayroll and human capital management servicesmerchant servicesbusiness online & mobile bankingworkplace bankingdigital bankingonline bankingmobile appdigital walletsmobile depositmoney managementcredit managementelectronic funds transfersmember resourcesbecoming a membermember benefitson the money podcast & quarterly newsletterautomated phone bankingfinancial educationfraud protectionfaqs 

routing number: #263181407rates application status locations & hours schedule appointment contact us  





go to main content



routing number: #263181407rates application status locations & hours schedule appointment contact us  










español



search query

submit search



search


apply for a loan become a member 
 member loginclose



search toggle



menu



checking & savings

checking
checking accounts
simple checking
rewards checking
premium rewards checking
checking accounts comparison


savings
savings accounts
money market
certificates
iras
education savings accounts


 


rewards checking
it's easy to rack up rewards. convert earned points to gift cards, cash back, travel, merchandise and more.
learn more


loans & credit cards

loans
auto financing
mortgage lending
home equity loans
personal loans


credit cards
overview
visa xtreme rewards credit card
visa smart credit card
secured visa smart credit card


payments
paying your loan online
payment protection
already applied?
check application status


your dream home awaits
we'll help with the best home loan option for you.
learn more


commercial & small business

commercial
commercial banking
business loans & credit cards
business lending
business credit cards
roof loans


business checking & savings
business checking
business savings
business money market
business certificates
 

 


business services
payroll and human capital management services
merchant services
business online & mobile banking
workplace banking


commercial banking
customized banking solutions that match your daily business needs and long-term business goals.
learn more


digital banking

online banking
mobile app
digital wallets


mobile deposit
electronic funds transfers


money management
credit management
 


digital wallets
make payments without carrying cash or cards.
learn more


member resources

becoming a member
member benefits
rates
on the money podcast with kaylee greene
on the money quarterly newsletter
 


automated phone banking
financial calculators
financial education
fraud protection
forms
frequently asked questions
 


locations & hours
shared branch locations
surcharge free atm network
holiday schedule
book an appointment
contact us
 
 


on the money podcast
don't miss out on the latest orlando credit union news and insights. available on spotify, youtube, and apple.
learn more









 member loginclose


online banking login




personal banking



business banking



username:



password:





login help
account setup
help guide


schedule appointment







  enter to win a $1,000
lululemon gift card
live your life moments — achieve financial and physical wellness by activating an orlando credit union checking account today.
open an account  learn more
no purchase necessary to enter. see drawing rules for more details.





checking accounts savings accounts mortgage lending
auto financing credit cards



 








credit cards
apr* as low as
10.00%
apply now


auto financing
apr** as low as
5.49%
apply now


certificates
apy*** as high as
3.88%
apply now


home equity line of credit
apr**** as low as
7.50%
apply now



view all rates
apply for a loan 








care-free checking that's easy to manage
a simple checking account with orlando credit union is the easiest way to manage your daily expenses. enjoy care-free checking with no minimum balance† and no monthly maintenance fee.
learn more


earn rewards while doing everyday banking
with the orlando credit union rewards program earn points for a variety of banking-related activities and redeem for cash back, merchandise, travel and other great items.
learn more


live your life moments from behind the steering wheel
whether you're buying a new or used car, refinancing your auto loan, or purchasing a boat, motorcycle, or rv, orlando credit union offers competitive rates and flexible terms to help you hit the road.
learn more






  

orlando credit union mobile app
start banking with just a tap.

check account balances & transaction history.
find a branch or atm near you.
pay bills or transfer money.
deposit checks with your phone’s camera.
get account alerts...and so much more.

download the mobile app:






contact us find atm
or branch schedule appointment become a member
 

*apr = annual percentage rate. rates are variable and may increase. individual rates are determined by credit score and credit history. subject to credit union membership eligibility, credit approval and verification of information provided on your application. other terms and conditions may apply. terms and conditions are subject to change at any time without notice.
**apr = annual percentage rate. individual rates are determined by credit score, credit history and loan term. subject to credit union membership eligibility, credit approval and verification of information provided on the application. vehicle must be titled and registered in the state of florida.
***rates are effective as of 1/6/2025. rates are fixed for the term of the certificate. certificates will automatically be renewed at the rate in effect upon maturity. we will impose a penalty if you withdraw any of the principal balance in your account before the maturity date. the amount of the early withdrawal penalty is based on the term of the account. the amount of these penalties are as follows: terms of 6 months or less lose 90 days’ worth of dividends; and terms greater than 6 months lose 180 days’ worth of dividends. the penalty is calculated as a forfeiture of part of the dividend that has been or would be earned on the amount withdrawn. if the account has not yet earned enough dividends or the dividend has already been paid, the penalty will be deducted from the principal. the annual percentage yield disclosed is based on an assumption that dividends will remain in the account until maturity; a withdrawal will reduce earnings. fees and penalties can reduce earnings on the account. rates subject to change without notice.
****apr (annual percentage rate) is based on creditworthiness and loan-to-value (ltv) ratio. home equity lines of credit (heloc) are variable and based on the wall street journal prime rate. rates and closing costs may vary based upon loan features or other terms and conditions. additional adjustments may be applicable based upon credit history, property value, mortgage product, property type or other factors. the interest rate shown here are available to borrowers with an excellent credit history.
† as a condition of membership, you must maintain an ownership share account with $5. every member must also have a share savings account to be eligible for any other products or services.


go to main navigation

 apply for a loan  become a member  schedule appointment  find a location 





routing number: #263181407
telephone: 407.835.3500
toll free: 800.953.4567

connect:
facebook youtube instagram linkedin spotify apple


mobile app:
 



rates & calculators

calculators
checking & savings rates
loan rates



about us

about orlando credit union
become a member
atm & branch locations
careers
charitable foundation
service excellence
share insurance



help & support

contact us
faqs
forms
online & mobile privacy policy
patriot act notice
privacy notice
us short code/sms messages terms of use
website accessibility notice
website terms of use



  
copyright © 2025, orlando credit union. all rights reserved.
federally insured by ncua.
your savings federally insured to at least $250,000 and backed by the full faith and credit of the united states government. national credit union administration, a u.s. government agency



























you are leaving orlando credit union
orlando credit union does not endorse or guarantee the products, information, or recommendations provided by linked sites and is not liable for any failure or products or services advertised on those sites. each third-party site may have a privacy policy different from orlando credit union and the linked third-party websites may provide less security than the orlando credit union site.


proceed
cancel







