






home - vhpb
























































home
news
about

mission statement
history
advisors
support & grants


meetings
output

newsletters
publications


resources
contact
 


select page


  
 
 











viral hepatitis prevention board







viral hepatitis prevention board (vhpb)



the viral hepatitis prevention board (vhpb) is an international board of experts in viral hepatitis, active since 1992. board members meet twice a year to discuss technical and country specific issues. these meetings provide a forum for experts to exchange ideas and to develop consensus guidelines on issues related to viral hepatitis prevention and control, all in line with who’s viral hepatitis elimination goals and focusing on the public health impact. focus audiences are, in first instance, opinion leaders, policymakers, and health care professionals.
the board has a permanent scientific secretariat, located at the centre for the evaluation of vaccination (cev) of the university of antwerp.

about vhpb







latest news






elimination in action photo contest

the coalition for global hepatitis elimination is delighted to share the winners of the 2024 hepatitis “elimination in action” photo contest. entrants were invited to submit photos to three...
read more



2024 august, hepatitis b in england 2024 report by the uk health security agency

this report summarises england’s progress towards the world health organization (who) elimination targets for hepatitis b with data to end of 2022. this report arrives at a crucial juncture in our...
read more



2024 august, central and eastern european meeting on viral hepatitis and hiv 2024

vhpb endorses the central and eastern european meeting on viral hepatitis and hiv 2024 (cee 2024) that will be held virtually on 10 september 2024 at 16:00 - 18:00...
read more





all news







meetings

all meetings






elimination of viral hepatitis in the czech republic, hungary, poland and slovakia: lessons learnt and the way forward (29-30 october 2024, prague, czech republic)

vhpb regional meeting: elimination of viral hepatitis in the czech republic, hungary, poland and slovakia: lessons learnt and the way forward
read more


 



addressing viral hepatitis among europe’s migrant and refugee population: lessons learnt and the way forward (26-27 march 2024, antwerp, belgium)

vhpb technical meeting: addressing viral hepatitis among europe’s migrant and refugee population: lessons learnt and the way forward
read more


 



the role of international organisations in the elimination of viral hepatitis in europe – achievements, challenges and the way forward (5-6 april 2023, antwerp, belgium)

the role of international organisations in the elimination of viral hepatitis in europe – achievements, challenges and the way forward
read more


 






our publications

find out more about our newsletters and the publications of the vhpb board members.







 









vhpb
centre for evaluation of vaccination (cev)vaccine & infectious disease institute (vaxinfectio)
university of antwerpdrie eikenstraat 663b-2650 edegem, belgium
tel: +32(0)3 265 25 23



executive secretarypierre van damme
administrative and scientific secretariatbrenda janssensgreet hendrickxalex vorstersxenia mikullasara valckx
sakshi jindal
 



follow us on
   
subscribe here for the vhpb e-mail service
this website is part of the who vaccine safety net





privacy statement
last review cycle june 2024



 









manage consent






to provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique ids on this site. not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions.





functional



functional

								always active							






the technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.





preferences


preferences







the technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.





statistics


statistics







the technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.
the technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your internet service provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.





marketing


marketing







the technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.





manage options
manage services
manage {vendor_count} vendors
read more about these purposes



accept
deny
view preferences
save preferences
view preferences


{title}
{title}
{title}



manage consent
g-1v618e2lz9


















 









