















new jersey 4-h





















skip navigation




universitywide
new brunswick
new jersey agricultural experiment stationnjaes


search rutgers



search









































new jersey agricultural experiment station
new jersey 4-h 
















menu
menu




ru into 4-h?

home
what is 4-h?
how to join
4-h from home
4-h in my county
4-h projects
4-h cloverbud
4-h camp
contact us

resources

club materials
record books
4honline
publications
events & programs
fairs
links

information for...

teens
volunteers
educators
alumni & friends







join 4-h
volunteer at 4-h
support 4-h

4‑h is a community of young people across america who are learning leadership, citizenship, and life skills. the new jersey 4‑h youth development program offers everyone in grades k–13, the opportunity to explore countless opportunities in science, arts, foods, outdoor adventure, and more. 4‑h is where there's fun in learning and learning is fun!
priority areas
4‑h programming focuses on three priority areas called mission mandates. they are science, engineering and technology; healthy living; and citizenship. the three mission mandates align with the research and programming efforts of usda and rutgers, the state university of new jersey. visit the links below to find out more about these key priority areas for the 4‑h youth development program.





citizenship





healthy living





science, technology, engineering and math




news

innovative summer climate data and literacy workshop stresses connections to local and global impacts and community-based partnerships (october 29, 2024)
rutgers awarded $1.1 million nsf grant to support researchers in advancing the societal impacts of research   (october 3, 2024)
apple and 4-h bring technology to a new generation of learners (september 6, 2024)
if there’s something strange growing in your yard, who you gonna call? master gardeners (august 6, 2024)

more news »



 

 
 



























						new jersey 4‑h
						department of 4‑h youth development
						new jersey agricultural experiment station
						rutgers, the state university of new jersey
						88 lipman drive, new brunswick, nj 08901-8525
						webmaster@njaes.rutgers.edu
					

follow njaes on facebook
follow njaes on x
follow njaes on youtube




rutgers new jersey agricultural experiment station
executive dean of agriculture and natural resources
rutgers, the state university of new jersey

sebs/njaes commitment to justice, equity, diversity, and inclusion


rutgers university is an equal access/equal opportunity institution. individuals with disabilities are encouraged to direct suggestions, comments, or complaints concerning any accessibility issues with rutgers web sites to: accessibility@rutgers.edu or complete the report accessibility barrier or provide feedback form.
copyright © 2024 rutgers, the state university of new jersey.

 
 






