







vanity phone number resources
















faqs





what does your phone number spell?®
enter 3 to 10 digits (or 16 digits) or some letters:





  
              


 
 

new! get your
    own personalized local vanity phone
    numbercontact
    us to learn more about porting a vanity phone number to your phone or click here to order
 enter a full phone number and see what words and phrases it spells.
 enter the start of a phone number and see what words start with those digits.
enter some letters and see (and even dial) the corresponding  number. 
 enter your 16 digit wii "friend code" and see if it spells something cool



the phonespell® search engine  provides 4 services in one!!
you may have heard that now you can take your phone number with you when you move. 
    	     enter a 6 to 10 digit phone number and we'll show you what words and phrases your phone 
   		     number spells to help you decide if you want to keep it.
pick a new 7 or 8 digit phone number by typing in an available exchange (first 3 to 5 digits) and see 
   		     what one-word numbers you can choose from. 
searching for just the right toll free number to advertise? 
   		     type in letters and we will show you the
   		     corresponding phone number. we can even dial the
   		     number for you!

 questions? get the faqs.                 




questions? commments? please read the faqs.
+ want to know about the extra digit the phonespell® search tool suggests?
+ some numbers spell nothing. use the phonespell® search tool to pick a new vanity phone number that spells something cool.


now you can even  automatically dial vanity phone numbers! 
what's it worth to you?
the phonespell® mnemonic services are offered on the honor system. 
            if you find the service of value, we ask you to pay what you think it is worth. we've made it easy. 


need a new phone number?
voicenation lets you sound like a fortune 500 company.






need this service for your business?  |    
	  how about advertising on phonespell.org?  |	  		
	  or do you want to contact us? 


"what does your phone number spell?" and
	   "phonespell" are registered trademarks of nuru, llc.
vanity
	   phone numbers in
	   the news  | ©copyright nuru, llc. all rights
	   reserved.  | terms of service

 
 


