


























	coloplast | products & services for you with intimate care needs


















select country
select language (en)




close



 32
country websites find your coloplast website



about coloplast canada

our company
jobs


services

news 


contact

call customer care
find us in canada


corporate information

mission & values
history
corporate responsibility
people & organisation
global presence

visit coloplast.com





select your language



english


french






the page doesn't exist in this language


stay on this page
go to frontpage






find your coloplast country website


select your country

select your country







headline




north america
south america
europe
africa
russia
asia
australia





















menu
search





about us


select language (en)


select country ▾










search







no suggestions

                                                show all results
                                            






































								speedicath® compact
							
a catheter that is compact, 
discreet, and ready to use.
request a free sample












new guide:
living and eating well 
after your ostomy surgery
							
download now 












								myostomy 
							
a companion app designed  
to support you in your life  
with a stoma
learn more!












								
the truth is:
							
not all catheters are as
smooth as speedicath®




request a free sample












								understanding utis
							
download our recently launched guide to learn 
more about reducing urinary tract infections.

click here to download

















samples


ostomy


bladder & bowel


wound


urology


about us


professional


care


menu








developing ostomy, continence, urology, wound care products and services, that make life easier for people with intimate healthcare needs.







ostomy self-assessment tools
if you experience leakage or sore skin around your stoma, try one of our three ostomy self-assessment tools! they are designed to help you find the ostomy solution that is best for you and your body.
try our online tools








living and eating well guides
explore our comprehensive guides to eating and living well for people with an ostomy! in the ebooks, you will discover advice on symptom management, new recipes, a printable journal, and more!





download now








20 tips for catheterization
in this pdf, you can explore tips on a range of topics such as catheterization routines, catheter selection, travel, hygiene, and exercise. 
 
download now










ostomy care
find information about the different types of stomas, the kind of products you’ll be using, and other related topics.
learn more about ostomy care








bladder & bowel care
what is your condition? if you have bladder and bowel issues, help is at hand.

learn more about bladder & bowel issues








wound care
in our coloplast wound care portfolio we offer a wide range of high quality solutions for optimal wound care management.
learn more about wound care















support and education when you need it







join coloplast care program today
our care programs, designed for people living with an ostomy and people using intermittent catheters, offer straight-forward advice, personalized support and inspiration. care is available when you need it. our dedicated team of advisors and specialists are here to help you live a better life by helping you do more of the things you love, so you can be you!

enroll today!





📞 you can also call us at 1-866-293-6349









                free adaptive aids available to order






shirt clip  
free shirt clip so you can have an easier catheterization / ostomy pouch changing process. your little helper when you need it!

request the shirt clip








ostomy scissors  
designed to facilitate the circular cuts made when cutting your ostomy baseplate to your stoma size, for a snug fit.

request the scissors








care grip
using a public washroom? the coloplast care grip keeps your shirt, jacket or small bag off the floor and out of the way, while you carry out your ostomy or catherization routine.

request the care grip













                what's right for you?



the broad range of brava® supporting products are designed to accommodate individual needs whatever your body shape or demands. the range includes products for taking care of your skin and reducing leakage from your stoma.









view our range of supporting products





view all stoma bags & supporting products










                coloplast videos











making life easier
our mission is to make life easier for people with intimate healthcare needs. this requires both an understanding of their medical challenges and the many other concerns that impact their lives. we gain this understanding by listening to them and to nurses and specialists who care for them. it is what inspires us and enables us to deliver the products and services that can make a difference.
 





close
making life easier









close





see how we are making life easier













myostomy 
myostomy - your new companion app that can support your life with a stoma
take pictures of your stoma, log your changing routine and output to build your digital stoma journal. 
set personalised goals for your daily life with a stoma and track your progress.
looking for information that can support your daily life with a stoma? get access to a personalized library of inspirational content and advice in the app.
 





close
myostomy 









close





learn more about myostomy













innovation starts with empathy | coloplast
our company reflects the passion, ambition and commitment of the people who made it happen. 'innovation starts with empathy’ is a coloplast classic! it's the story of our company's creation, our values, and how we work to make life easier for people with intimate healthcare needs. 

 





close
innovation starts with empathy | coloplast









close





watch the coloplast story




















about us
read more about coloplast canada




close
making life easier for people with intimate healthcare needs



coloplast develops products and services that make life easier for people with very personal and private medical conditions. working closely with the people who use our products, we create solutions that are sensitive to their special needs. we call this intimate healthcare.
our business includes ostomy care, continence care, urology and wound and skin care. we operate globally, employing more than 11,000 people.
read more about us.


close










coloplast professional
learn more about coloplast professional








work with us
learn more about our career opportunities

















close


free sample - free shipping
thank you for your order
receipt














stoma


people with an ostomy


professional


bodycheck


ostomy products



bladder & bowel

urinary & bowel problems
spinal cord injury
multiple sclerosis
spina bifida
continence products


wound

solutions
education
health economics
wound care products






interventional urology

patient  - female urology
patient - male urology 
health care professionals
interventional urology products


 


coloplast canada corp. - 2030 bristol circle, suite 117 - oakville, on  l6h 0h2 - 1-866-293-6349   canada
cookie policy - cookie settings - legal aspects - privacy statement - coloplast products - instructions for use -  eu declarations of conformity - patient information leaflets - sitemap - modern slavery act









view desktop version























