truework income and employment verificationstart a verificationtalk to salessign inwhy trueworkproductssolutionspricingresourcessign instart a verificationtalk to salessimplify  income and employment verificationstruework is a single platform to verify any applicant. talk to salesexplore platformtrusted by industry leadershow it worksby connecting every major verification method into one platform, you can easily configure a process that works best for your business. added intelligence routes each verification to the best method, ensuring maximum coverage and speed. learn morewhy trueworkthe only fully customizable income verification platform multiple verification methodsautomatically verify more applicants with access to multiple data sources.intelligent orchestrationeach request is routed to the most efficient method to maximize speed and coverage. success-based pricingonly pay for accurate and completed verifications, not attempts.  industriessolutions built for your needsflexible income and employment verification platform tailored to your use case.mortgage lendingincrease loan pipeline capacity and reduce spend by automating verification workflows.  tenant screeningaccelerate approvals, mitigate income fraud, and reduce manual work by using verified income directly from payroll providers.  customer storiessee real-world resultslearn how our customers use truework to automate and unify their verifications"truework has been a highly valued and agile partner for our organization. as competitors in the market significantly increased their fees, truework proactively offered cost-effective solutions through their innovative credentials product. this strategic partnership has been instrumental in achieving substantial cost reductions, enhancing our customer experience, and streamlining operational efficiency. we are confident in truework's continued growth and market penetration."jensen szakalymanaging director, mortgage fulfillment divisionread their story“truework shifts the responsibility of verifying documents from the on-site team to a third party (truework), where all they do is verify applicants. so the team doesn't have to worry about their ability to know things like: what different payroll and bank statement fonts are supposed to be. they can worry about doing their job. they don’t have to spend time and energy on knowing what is or is not real or verifiable.”ben treutlerdirector of property managementread their storyresourcesdive deeperlearn more about how an income verification platform can help your business.   blogthe slow market opportunity: mortgage digitizationif you’re just sitting around and waiting for volume and demand to pick up, you’re missing big opportunities.read moreblogtwo lies and a truth about voiecoverage rate and hit rate are popularly touted as the success metrics for income verification, but they're not what matters most.read morereporttruework performance reportsevery month, we share how we performed on key metrics such as completion rate, turnaround time, and customer satisfaction.read moreready to unify your verification strategy?get in touch for more information about our solutions, implementation, demos, pricing, and more.talk to salesexplore platformincome & employment verificationresourcesoverviewperformance reportdocumentationhelp centeremployer directorysecurityfcracompanyabout usblogcareerscustomersnewsroomcontact1-833-878-3967hello@truework.comverifications cannot be submitted on the phone.zethos, inc. d.b.a. truework. all rights reserved. copyright ©2025privacytermssystem statuscookie settingsexercise your rights