






	
		independent, reliable and respected
		 - therapeutic guidelines



















you’re offline. this is a read only version of the page.









  prod







 














toggle navigation





subscribe
log in





 






subscribe
log in











              the organisation
              



the organisation




                  governance
                



                  board of directors
                



                  staff
                



                  expert groups
                



                  members of company
                



                  history
                



                  careers
                



                  guideline development
                



                  partnership program
                



                  research funding
                





              news
            



              products
              



products




                  therapeutic guidelines
                



                  australian prescriber
                



                  books
                



                  antibiotic prescribing in primary care: summary table
                





              updates
            



              contact us
            




























































our products


more than 2,500 topics covering disorders encountered in clinical practice, integrated into a single product for your computer or mobile.

discover more



books

printed volumes of common collections of topics, aggregated by clinical area. (some book formats no longer available.)

discover more







february 2025 updates


all content updates are available on the therapeutic guidelines website and new mobile app. get the new app now! 

updates to selected topics in the psychotropic and cardiovascular guidelines will be available in the coming days, and a massive update to the antibiotic guidelines will be released in late march!

to receive content updates directly to your inbox subscribe now.




therapeutic guidelines is a leading source of independent, evidence-based, practical treatment advice to assist practitioners with decision making at the point-of-care.
therapeutic guidelines are regularly updated, based on the latest international literature, interpreted by australia’s most respected experts, with input from an extensive network of general practitioners, pharmacists and other users.

independence is an essential feature of therapeutic guidelines. funded only by subscribers, meaning no grants, advertising, shareholders or sponsors. to protect and maintain independence, a strict conflict of interest policy is in place.
therapeutic guidelines is an independent not-for-profit organisation. its aim is to promote the quality use of medicines, which it does this through the development, publication and sale of therapeutic guidelines.













      latest news




      2025 psychotropic and cardiovascular guidelines release



read more





      new release: australian prescriber february issue

      this year marks a momentous milestone in the history of australian prescriber, as we celebrate its 50-year anniversary.


      
    

read more





      new release: australian prescriber december issue

      the issue spotlights the timely topic of therapeutic use of vapes for smoking cessation and nicotine dependence and more.


      
    

read more




view all stories
























conditions of use and disclaimer


privacy policy


licence agreement


copyright permission


support and faq












‌© 2025 therapeutic guidelines limited. all rights reserved
    ‌abn 45 074 766 224
    ‌























