 







web poster wizard home













 









 





















4teacher tools
arcademic skill builder
persuadestar
classroom architect
equity
rubistar
trackstar
quizstar
assign-a-day
casa notes
pbl checklists
teacher tacklebox
web worksheet wizard
notestar
think tank
project poster







home |  
                            teachers |  
                            students |  
                            search |  
                            help








    quick and easy online school projects and short reports. 





















welcome

 

get started

 

helpful notes

 




          web worksheet wizard and project poster have combined to make web poster wizard. this free tool 
          allows educators to create a lesson, worksheet, or class page and immediately publish it online. 
          teachers can also set up classes and assign projects to students. students complete the assignments 
          by creating their own online projects or reports. teachers and students can even add images and 
          links to their pages.
          
new features:

centralized login for better teacher organization.
student and teacher information now in one account.
archive option keeps student projects longer than one month.
teacher feature option creates one web page of class' archived projects.





worksheet example:traveling south america


poster example:jupiter













how do i get started?


new teachers simply register to use this free tool. users who already had a web worksheet wizard or project poster account can simply login with their previous login information. all your previous work will be in this new tool.
teachers create classes and a class code is automatically created for each class.
teachers can then start making web pages.
teachers wanting to assign a project to the class can print out class codes for the students and hand them out with the assignment.
students plan their posters, then click on 'create a new poster' link in the student login box and fill in the requested information.
teachers view and archive students' posters when managing classes.
students can edit their own posters at any time by typing their poster id number and password in the student login box.
teachers and students can view their pages by entering the id number, teacher name, or class code in the search for a poster and worksheet section.
teachers can use the teacher feature option to automatically make a class page that links to all archived student projects in that class.




          users who were already registered in web worksheet wizard or project poster will find that 
          their accounts are still available and their information is still intact. please login to
          your account with the same information. you do not need to create a new account. 
          contact us if you need any assistance.
          





        this tool is for educational purposes only. all personal or personally identifiable 
        information will be automatically deleted.
  		





teacher login:
register






e-mail address



password


forgot password




 
                    note: if you created worksheets using wizard.4teachers.org, and you do not remember the email address used, click here.










student login:




poster id



password












create a new poster










search for posters and worksheets







poster id
worksheet id
class code
teacher feature id
teacher name




































rubistar | 
                        quizstar | 
                        trackstar | 
                        notestar | 
                        assign a day  |
                        more tools



terms of use | 
                        
                          contact us | 
                        altec






                        copyright. © 2000 - 2009, altec at the university of kansas.
                        












 



why ads?






 












