




fraser school of driving – learn how to drive horses to cart, wagon or carriage.






















































skip to content




 



 
alex or kayo fraser (406) 846-3686
 info@drivehorses.com



driving schoollessons, clinics, rates 




   fraser school of driving 
 
 learn how to drive horses to cart, wagon or carriage.  
 




   






 

fraser school of driving







about uscontact usfacilitieslodgingboardingharnesshomegift certificatesprivacy policyratessummer fun training show – july 11, 12, & 13, 2025bloghorse drawn vehiclescarriages in stockused horse drawn vehicleskutzmann carriagescob lite paircountry carriagedefender draft 6draft 6fox 5 standard single $6,400freedom 12horse litehorse lite pairkutzmann challengerkutzmann challenger draft 8kutzmann lepus cobkutzmann sauriathe challengertralka wagonettehorses for salechip and dalekeysmisty and mochaother servicesresources & linkssafety equipmentexpert witness  
 
 


 







home













experience the thrill of driving horsesenjoy a learning vacation in beautiful montanaplan your vacation time, take driving lessons and discover montana! we welcome people of all ages – the majority of our students are between 50 and 85 years of age but we have worked with students as young as six years old. many people come to us when they can no longer sit in the saddle comfortably but they don’t want to give up horses so they want to learn how to drive horses.we welcome people with no horse experience but have always wanted to learn.we work with commercial drivers and pleasure drivers to show them how to get a better response and have more fun.there are always risks while working with livestock. you can learn how to reduce those risks by understanding how horses respond to fear and confusion.enjoy driving for pleasure, competition, or commercial ridessingle horse or pair of horsesthe fraser school of driving was established in 1995 to teach safety and expertise to those interested in driving horses. we cater to all ages and abilities, from beginners without any previous horse experience, to coaching people who want to compete.alex and kayo fraser have worked with draft and light driving horses for well over forty years. more recently alex has focused on combined driving events (cdes); training for driven dressage, obstacles, cross country, and marathon courses. the frasers prepare horses and drivers for work, competition, and pleasure.whether you want to get started with the basics of driving, continue your training, or take one or two hours just for the experience, we’re here to help. we can also help you purchase horses, harness, and equipment to fit your goals.the fraser school of driving is open year-round. we offer lessons and clinics on our property at mountain view arena in deer lodge, montana, or we can travel to your location! take lessons with your own horse(s) and equipment, or use ours.we custom order harness, vehicles, and equipment to fit your particular needs. we have some amazing driving horses for sale, or we can take orders to find the right horse for you. alex travels to some of the largest draft horse and driving horse sales in the country, and knows who raises and trains quality driving horses. we are one of only a handful of dealers in the united states for the respected “ideal harness” company.horses for saleharnessdealers for kutzmann carriagesalex fraser has been training people and horses for over 50 years. he is an expert in commercial wagon and carriage rides, harness, showing, dude wrangling, and saddle horses. his primary goal is to make the driving industry safer for the drivers, bystanders and horses. he offers safety clinics for commercial businesses and has served as an expert witness in cases involving horse and carriage accidents.expert witnesssafety inspection for commercial businessescourse designs for showsdraft horse show judginghorse & equipment sales & safety evaluation 






 

  


 

driving schoolrates
the fun show 2025
gift certificates
privacy policy
horses for sale
carriages in stock
for saleharness
horse drawn vehicles
safety equipment
boarding & facilitiesboarding
facilities

lodging


other servicesexpert witness
resources & links
fraser school logo   our logo is adapted from the original fraser coat of arms. “je suis prest” translates to “i am ready”. copyright protected.
 


categories

uncategorized









facebook
instagram
youtube
blog
© 2025 			fraser school of driving | 
							designed by: theme freesia | 
							powered by: wordpress


 
 


top


 




























