









home - kvno
 

































				skip to content
			

























































programs

daily playlist
classical program guide
news radio program guide
morning classics
dish omaha
jeff around town


about

meet the voices
classical kids
listener guide
job opportunities
diversity statement


arts community

arts today
arts calendar
our blog: scherzo
the omaha symphony


connect

contact us
friday favorites requests
midday mixtape nomination
newsletter sign up


support

planned giving
program sponsorship
cars for classical
future fund
otis twelve legacy fund
day sponsorship
2024 year in review







listen live
donate









stay classical, omaha!
omaha’s only classical music station — locally composed, community supported and intently focused on a vibrant future for the arts.


daily playlists


arts calendar



now playing:
[song name goes here]







live broadcast
join kvno’s coleen cook and sherry brownrigg on saturday, february 22nd, for the live broadcast of the omaha symphony’s dvořák & elgar. 
learn more

					01				


omaha film festival
kvno is proud to be the media sponsor for the 20th annual omaha film festival! march 3 through march 7 during morning classics, jeff koterba will give you a chance to win two all film passes to the 2025 omaha film festival. 

enter to win 

					02				


dot
kvno is proud to be the media sponsor for the omaha community playhouse’s production of dot! opening night is february 21st, and the production will run until march 23rd.

get your tickets now

					03				








classical kids
kvno has been honoring students who play, sing or compose for over twenty years. each monthly classical kid receives a $300 scholarship from the soener foundation.


make a nomination


meet our classical kids








january 2025 classical kid
tegan hess




download

 









latest in the arts
see more in the arts








february 18th, 2025
anne marie kenny: a song for bohemia
with a dream and a passion for singing, author anne marie kenny’s decision to move to france sparked the events she writes about in her memoir, a song for bohemia.

read more








february 14th, 2025
shelterbelt theatre showcases local talent with ‘stuck with lemons’
the shelterbelt theatre, known for championing new and local works, has settled into its new home at 44th and nicholas. now, the company is inviting audiences into another home—one filled with humor, chaos, and big life changes.

read more








february 13th, 2025
pass the popcorn: a special screening of ‘moonstruck’
music weaves itself into the fabric of daily life, underscoring everything from morning routines to life’s most memorable moments. it’s the song played at senior prom, the tune that recalls a cherished friendship, or the melody shared in a first dance at a wedding.

read more








february 12th, 2025
‘btc’ romance in the air: book selections for valentine’s season
love is in the air as dinner reservations fill up, bouquets are ordered, and romance takes center stage. for those looking to get lost in a love story, carl erickson, event and community outreach coordinator at the bookworm, shares his top romance reads for the season on arts today for kvno.

read more








february 11th, 2025
nebraska poetry society sees rapid growth, expands opportunities for adult poets
the nebraska poetry society (nps) has emerged as one of the fastest-growing poetry organizations in the country, gaining recognition within the national federation of state poetry societies (nfsps), which includes 32 member states.

read more








february 11th, 2025
exhibit showcases african textiles in omaha
for many cultures, traditional artistry not only shows the historical significance of the people but tells their story as well. curator suzanne gunn brings the celebration of traditional african textiles to omaha through her exhibit, fabrics of africa: weaving culture and community.  

read more








february 7th, 2025
opera omaha revives the rake’s progress with iconic hockney design
opera omaha presents the rake’s progress this weekend, celebrating 50 years of david hockney’s renowned set designs. the 1951 opera by igor stravinsky, performed in english, follows the rise and fall of tom rakewell, a man lured by wealth and excess.

read more








february 6th, 2025
pass the popcorn: omaha film festival kicks off
the first day of spring is still 42 days away, but my favorite season starts in 2 days — that is omaha film festival season.
hello, this is christine burright, graduate of the uno mfa in screenwriting program, filmmaker and aspiring tv writer, for kvno’s pass the popcorn.
the omaha film festival (known as off) starts march 11th, and officially kicks off the countdown to its 20th season with this weekend’s off program selection announcement on facebook live.

read more












scherzo: a blog from the hosts of kvno
see more blog posts








january 28th, 2025
reflecting with gratitude; looking ahead with excitement
it will be a pivotal year for kvno, and thanks to your help making last year great, we are able to begin preparing for what will undoubtably be a year of changes.

read more








november 20th, 2024
my top five m’s pub faves
once i knew i had survived (and loved) eating snails, i got the courage as a young adult to try all kinds of food.

read more








october 24th, 2024
the joy of drinking coffee outside in autumn
truth be told, however, unless snow is piled on the table and chairs, i’ve even been known to have my coffee outside in the dead of winter.

read more








october 10th, 2024
the legend has retired
if you missed the farewell, enjoy the video…

read more











contact
402 554-5866
6001 dodge street, cpacs 200
omaha, ne 68182
sign up for our newsletter


follow us





























listen on the go







affiliates









































community outreach of



public inspection file
public file assistance











sign up for the kvno newsletter!

we promise not to clutter up your inbox!
 





name(required)


first



last

email(required)

emailthis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
  





















































