








home - matchfire auctions






































skip to content








about
work
auctions
contact
prequalify







about
work
auctions
contact
prequalify
 
































a division of matchfire, we are the online charity auctions group working exclusively with ebay. together we’ve raised over $100 million for non-profits and helped garner billions of purpose-driven impressions for our brand, celebrity, and agency partners.








we do #good work

matchfire provides a comprehensive auction management service focused on creating successful high-value, high-profile promotional auctions for celebrities, nonprofits and top brand companies. from the initial conversation until the proceeds are on their way to the charity, clients have a dedicated team led by an experienced account manager.







 creative design & development
 item storage & photography
 bidder customer service
 bidder prequalification
 fulfillment








client showcase





the andy warhol foundation
$4 million to date to aid in advancing the visual arts





tillamook
most-loved cheese brand raising funds for american farmland trust





homes for our troops
jake tapper and friends supporting our veterans since 2017





the union solidarity coalition
"adam scott will walk your dog" & more made top social trends





gentle barn, american red cross & more
$40,000 for a lock of justin bieber's hair?! say it ain't so!





carroll shelby foundation
the legendary shelby "black hornet" goes on the auction block!





make yourself foundation
since 2006 the band has raised $2m for their foundation.





power lunch with warren buffett
$52 million raised so far for glide foundation.





time's up
75th annual golden globe awards "black dresses" raise $150,000.





espy day campaign
over $4 million raised for v foundation since 2014.





grammy museum® and musicares®  
since 2002, the recording academy charities have raised over $5 million.





ai weiwei artwork
2,000 limited-edition pieces sold out in hours and raised $775,000!









why us?






matchfire is the recognized leader in an important niche within the field of cause marketing – online auctions for charitable causes. matchfire supports its customers by creating and managing high-profile, high-value charity campaigns online. ebay is the premiere platform for auctions and their ebay for charity program provides buyers and sellers an easy way to support their favorite charity. matchfire and ebay have been working together for years, ensuring our clients receive the best possible service and support.







auctions team





geri wilhelm
account director








miranda mayes
account director








catrina hickman
director of auctions








emily kinsey
assistant auction manager









sign up for our newsletter












auctions
prequalify
contact
 





copyright © 2025 matchfire auctions





















