



















































mass 4-h | center for agriculture, food, and the environment at umass amherst
























skip to content






umass collegiate m


the university of massachusetts amherst





open umass global links menu


visit
apply
give
search umass.edu








center for agriculture, food, and the environment


umass extension 4-h youth development program





refine your search




            search by keyword          





              all resources on the cafe website            

 

 











mass 4-h homeaboutabout mass 4-hoffice locations & contacts4-h onlineemployment opportunitiesmass 4-h in videosforms & applicationssubmit a question or concernclubs & programs4-h clubsanimal science programbig ebabysitters' trainingcommunity serviceleadershipmasterful massachusetts milk ambassadors programpublic speaking and visual presentationsrecord keepingresume developmentscience, engineering & technology (set)4-h impact4-h military partnershipsurban 4-hcampsyouthget involvedawards & scholarshipsmember formsmembership paymentparentsvolunteersget involvedfinancial management, insurance and report forms4-h advisory councilsgrants for clubshandbooks, policy & guidelinesvolunteer formsteachersget involvedin schoolout of schoolhomeschoolresourcesnews4-h news4-h newsletterseventsgive











   







back to top

mass 4-h


massachusetts 4-h is a youth development program open to all young people ages 5 through 18 throughout the commonwealth. it is part of a nationwide system connected to each land-grant institution of higher education and as such, has access to a wealth of resources and curriculum. in massachusetts, 4-h is based at the university of massachusetts amherst and has offices in seven regions of the state.
based on the eight essential elements of positive youth development, 4-h helps young people learn life skills under the guidance of trained, screened volunteers in non-formal educational settings such as clubs, camps and afterschool programs. these essential elements can also be viewed as the five “c’s” – competence, confidence, connection, character and caring.  when young people work on these characteristics they demonstrate a sixth “c”: contribution to self, family, community and the institutions of a civil society.





news 




 mass 4h newsletter 2024 vol. 10:1  
   


view all mass 4-h newsletters »
 
 

 
  
 new educator in worcester county
february 25, 2024
we have hired a new 4-h extension educator for worcester county.  please join us in welcoming shelby robin to her new position with the umass extension 4-h program! 

read more »
 

  
 welcome new staff
january 5, 2024
please welcome andrew samuelson!  andrew is joining us as a part-time animal science departmental assistant. 

read more »
 

  
 northeast nuel conference brings together urban extension leaders, discussing solutions to improve city environment and living
august 15, 2023
michael dipasquale, umass extension assistant professor and chair for northeast nuel (national urban extension leaders), hosted the first regional nuel conference since the pandemic. the gathering brought together over 60 professionals from highly accredited universities to brainstorm improvements to current food systems and the quality of life for people in cities. 

read more »
 
 

view all mass 4-h news » 








upcoming events 

there are currently no upcoming events. 






 


 

  





4-h clubs
find your local 4-h


become a 4-h volunteer
report concerns


membership payment »

4-h online »





massachusetts 4-h program facebook page



















center for agriculture, food, and the environment
 
 
 
stockbridge hall,
				80 campus center way
				university of massachusetts amherst
				amherst, ma 01003-9246
				phone: (413) 545-4800
				fax: (413) 545-6555
ag@cns.umass.edu
 
civil rights and non-discrimination information
college of natural sciences


cafe units
mass. agricultural experiment station
umass extension
umass research and education center farms
umass cranberry station
water resources research center
interest areas
agriculture
commercial horticulture
energy
environmental conservation
food science
nutrition
water
youth development & 4-h
services
pesticide education
plant diagnostics laboratory
soil and plant nutrient testing laboratory
hot water seed treatment
water testing / environmental analysis laboratory


projects
conservation assessment prioritization system (caps)
extension risk management/crop insurance education
mass. envirothon
mass. herp atlas
mass. keystone
masswoods
north american aquatic connectivity collaborative
riversmart
umass design center in springfield
resources
extension sales portal
agriculture & commercial horticulture resources
community & economic vitality
disaster preparedness
food safety
home lawn & garden
integrated pest management (ipm)
land conservation tools
pollinators
tick testing
resources for faculty and staff


extension outreach programs
4-h youth development
agriculture
crops, dairy, livestock and equine
fruit
greenhouse crops and floriculture
landscape, nursery and urban forestry
pesticide education
turf
vegetable
clean energy
climate change
food science
nutrition education
value-added food






netid login
















netid login



civil rights and non-discrimination information
this site is maintained by center for agriculture, food and the environment in the college of natural sciences.
©2025 university of massachusetts amherst • site policies









seal of the university of massachusetts amherst - 1863



©2025 university of massachusetts amherst · site policies · accessibility


 


