













cgfns international, inc. - nursing credentials evaluation





























 










logincgfns connect (for applicants)ces connect (for state boards of nursing)cvs-ncnz (new zealand)cvs-arubaauthorized agent portalctp (for schools and licensing authorities)select your service by u.s. statelogin please select the appropriate button below to go the portal login based on your service need.
for applicants
cgfns connect portalcvs-ncnz (new zealand)cvs-arubafor recruiters
authorized agent portalauthorized agent helpfor state boards of nursing
ces connectfor schools and licensing authorities
credential transfer portal
applybefore you apply, you will need to set up an account. please select the appropriate portal below that meets your needs.
for applicants
cgfns connect portalcvs-ncnz (new zealand)cvs-arubafor recruiters
authorized agent portalauthorized agent helpfor schools and licensing authorities
request access to ctp
who we arelearn about our mission, values, leaders, and teams.
about cgfns
vision and missioncore valuesboard of trusteesexecutive teamjoin our teamour institute
global health workforce development instituteghwdi leadershipinstitute newsour alliance
the alliance for ethical recruitment practicesalliance newsnewsroom
news releasesmedia contact
david st. john
pr and media relations director
media@cgfns.org
 

news releasecgfns international reports nurse migration rates to the u.s. remained high in 2024 11 feb at 11:30 am 


what we dounderstand our services, research, and presence in industry.
our business
core serviceswhy cgfns?fraud detection and prevention policythought leadership
research centercare anywhere podcastsocial networksrepublishing and reuseindustry impact
global affairsgovernment & policydaisy awardsevents
events contact
katrina fuhrman
events marketing manager
events@cgfns.org

those we servelearn about the people and organizations we work with and for.
health workforce
registered nurses (rn)licensed practical or vocational nursesallied health professionsglobal health workersstakeholders
regulatorsacademic institutionsrecruitershealth systems & employersus state boards of nursingcollaborations
global nursing workforce centre (gnwc)world health organization (who)american nurses credentialing center (ancc)how we can help?
patrick king
chief business development officer
work with us

start hereif you’re a global healthcare worker looking for career mobility resources, we can help. what do you want to do?
migration
i want to work in one of these countries:
united statescanadanew zealandarubadevelopment
i need upskilling and career resources:
cgfns+advancement
i need my education and work experience evaluated to apply for:
academic admissionspecialty certificationdocumentation
i need to manage and store my transcripts and credentials or have them translated.
gpvault™ online document management servicecertification
i want to earn a cgfns global credential:
certified global nurse – rehabilitation (cgn-r)certified global nurse – health worker (cghw-r or cghw-ra)certified global nurse consultant (cgnc)cgfns certification program® (cp)cgfns qualifying exam® (qe)
service finderfind a specific cgfns service from our catalog below.
service listing
already know the service you need? navigate directly below.
credentials evaluation
credentials evaluation service professional®credentials evaluation service academic®credentials evaluation service nursing specialtycredentials verification
credentials verification service for new york state®credentials verification service for the nursing council of new zealandcredentials verification service for arubacertification
visascreen®: visa credentials assessmentcgfns certification program®certified global nurse consultant (cgnc)ispn®:  cgfns international standards for professional nurses program®global rehabilitation certificationdocumentation management
esaved ™ (extended storage of authenticated and  verified electronic documents)edas ™  (edocument authentication service)cgfns self-assessmentadd-on services
research centerstay up to date on our thought leadership, research, reports, and presentations.
explore by content type.
articlesinfographicsinsights briefspress releasespublished worksvideosvirtual event replayswhite papersexplore by popular topic.
nurse migrationethical recruitmentcredentials evaluationglobal workforcecertificationexplore most recent.
 

gender equality and economic empowerment through nurse migration 



2023 nurse migration report 



the economics of nurse migration 

 


 
don’t see what you need?
go to the research center
help hubcan’t find what you’re looking for or need other information? check out these additional resources.
information and resources
cgfns frequently asked questions (faqs)cgfns application processing timesfee schedule and policieslinks to related organizations and programsstay connected
subscribe to our information and updatessubscribe to our care anywhere podcastfollow us on social mediajoin our team
work for cgfns internationalcontact us
ask us a question.
submit your inquiry via our contact form.
telephone inquiries
+1 (215) 222-8454
applicant navigation services
monday through friday
8:00 am to 6:00 pm est
mailing address
3600 market street, suite 400
philadelphia, pa 19104-2651 usa

care anywhere podcastmenuwho we areabout cgfnsvision and missioncore valuesboard of trusteesexecutive teamjoin our teamour instituteglobal health workforce development instituteghwdi leadershipinstitute newsour alliancethe alliance for ethical recruitment practicesalliance newsnewsroomnews releaseswhat we doour businesscore serviceswhy cgfns?fraud detection and prevention policythought leadershipresearch centercare anywhere podcastsocial networksrepublishing and reuseindustry impactglobal affairsgovernment & policydaisy awardseventsthose we servehealth workforceregistered nurses (rn)licensed practical or vocational nursesallied health professionsglobal health workersstakeholdersregulatorsacademic institutionsrecruitershealth systems & employersus state boards of nursingcollaborationsglobal nursing workforce centre (gnwc)world health organization (who)american nurses credentialing center (ancc)work with usstart heremigrationunited statescanadanew zealandarubaadvancementacademic admissionspecialty certificationcertificationcertified global nurse – rehabilitation (cgn-r)certified global nurse – health worker (cghw-r or cghw-ra)certified global nurse consultant (cgnc)cgfns certification program® (cp)cgfns qualifying exam® (qe)developmentcgfns+documentationgpvault™ online document management serviceservice findercredentials evaluationcredentials evaluation service professional®credentials evaluation service academic®credentials evaluation service nursing specialtycredentials verificationcredentials verification service for new york state®credentials verification service for the nursing council of new zealandcredentials verification service for arubacertificationvisascreen®: visa credentials assessmentcgfns certification program®certified global nurse consultant (cgnc)ispn®: cgfns international standards for professional nurses program®global rehabilitation certificationdocumentation managementesaved ™ (extended storage of authenticated and verified electronic documents)edas ™  (edocument authentication service)add-on servicesresearch centerhelp hubinformation and resourcescgfns frequently asked questions (faqs)cgfns application processing timesfee schedule and policieslinks to related organizations and programsstay connectedsubscribe to our information and updatessubscribe to our care anywhere podcastfollow us on social mediajoin our teamwork for cgfns internationalcontact usfor organizations:our podcastaboutabout usour core valuesour leadershipcareerseventsnewscgfns+servicescredentials evaluationcredentials evaluation service professionalcredentials evaluation service academiccredentials evaluation service nursing specialtycredentials verificationcredentials verification service for new york state®credentials verification service for the nursing council of new zealandcredentials verification service for arubacertificationvisascreen®: visa credentials assessmentcgfns certification program®certified global nurse consultant (cgnc)ispn®:  cgfns international standards for professional nurses program®global rehabilitation certificationadditional servicesgpvault™ document management serviceesaved™ (extended storage of authenticated and  verified electronic documents)edas™  (edocument authentication service)cgfns self-assessment…moresupportcgfns faqcgfns application processing timesfee schedule and policieshelp me to selecthelpful links and resourcesselect service by professionselect your country of originhow to work as a nurse in the u.s.global credibilitycgfns blogcare anywhere podcastaffecting policy on the world stageworking towards health for allempowering those who have lost it allpublicationsreports & whitepapersorganizations servedschoolsregulatory authoritiesemployersinternational health workforce recruitersenterprise solutionswork with uscontact uscontact wizardsubscriberepublication permissions
serving global nurses and allied healthcare workers with credentials evaluation and career mobility since 1977.
validating the training and skills of our global health workforce
validating the training and skills of our global health workforce
validating the training and skills of our global health workforce
congratulations! you’ve chosen a career in healthcare. your training, skills, and credentials can position you in a hospital around the corner or earning an advanced degree at a university on the other side of the world. at a time when global health systems are challenged with health worker shortages, your knowledge and skills are in great demand. at cgfns, our portfolio of services is designed to help you navigate the complexities of credentials verification and evaluation, academic admission, and specialty certification. but we also provide lifelong resourcing across your career to support your goals for professional development and career advancement. we have nearly 50 years of expertise to support you, so this is the best place to start.
 

latest episode (ep 09)on this episode of care anywhere, lea sims and ets’s spiros papageorgiou explore how english proficiency empowers global healthcare workers. 
watch episode 9. 



our latest reportthe cgfns 2024 nurse migration report synthesizes data and trends from the past year to provide a comprehensive picture of the global movement of nurses and other healthcare workers, with a particular focus on the united states as a leading destination for foreign-educated professionals.
find out more. 



a new global credentialnurses around the world can now earn a global specialty credential in rehabilitation care. download the certified registered nurse-rehab (cgn-r) handbook, view our exam prep video series, and register for the exam today.
visit the cgn-r page. 



welcome, aruba.international health workers seeking entry to practice in aruba can now have their credentials verified through cgfns. our cvs program now includes services for department of health aruba.
learn more. 



coming soon! gpvault™cgfns is launching a new online service designed to support the career mobility of global nurses and other health workers throughout their careers—streamlining and accelerating the document verification processes needed for academic admission, employment, and migration.
find out more. 



global nursing workforce centrea new initiative with icn.
now in development, the centre will be a clearinghouse for research and policy analysis from around the world focusing on the global nursing workforce.
find out more. 

 


 
begin your
journey here.
prepare for mobility.
no matter where employment opportunities take you, validating your training, credentials, and skills will be a necessary process throughout your career. start with building a secure repository for all your primary source transcripts, credentials, and career documentation. when you’re ready to make a move—to a new school, new country, or new job—make verification quick, secure, and easy.
register a profile on gpvault®.know what you need.
whether you’re looking for work in your country or another country, you’ll need to understand the process for meeting regulatory compliance and professional licensure requirements. you might need additional training or formal education. you may need to brush up on your language proficiency skills. or you might benefit from additional certifications to demonstrate your clinical competency. we can guide you through the right steps and requirements.
explore specialty certifications.decide where to work.
the entry-to-practice requirements for nurses and healthcare workers vary greatly from country to country and region to region (or state to state). make sure you study the credentials verification/evaluation, language proficiency, academic assessment, and employment history requirements that are specific to the country and region/state where you are applying for employment or academic admission.
search by country and/or state.stay up to speed.
from graduation through retirement, your career trajectory will be shaped by continuing education and professional development. we can point you to job readiness and career advancement resources that will enable you to stay at the forefront of healthcare delivery and care model evolution. whether you need to prepare for a job interview or earn ceus for recertification, we can connect you.
find professional development resources.what our applicants say

“cgfns is a highly reputable and reliable credentials evaluation organization. they were able to help me get my overseas education assessed in a smooth and timely manner. from attaining my ces report for nclex exam to visa screen, i had no issues with them. i would definitely recommend cgfns.”
-katrina d.


“cgfns team are doing a great job on processing the visa screen certificate within the shortest time possible.”
-rose a.


“definitely recommended for those who seek documents assistance. very friendly evaluator and does reply quickly. thank you cgfns for making things happen.”
-jay m.


“no problems for me. my papers were credentialed and sent to my state board in less than a month. they responded to my questions over email in 1 business day.”
-ian j.


“i highly recommend cgfns for evaluation purposes and in fact i recommended it already to my colleague here in saudi arabia”
-dang c.

 
cgfns supports the global health workforce with credentials evaluation and verification services for work in these countries:
united statescgfns provides the following services to support nurses and other qualifying healthcare workers who need to meet entry-to-practice requirements for employment in the united states:
 

visascreen®: visa credentials assessment 



credentials evaluation 



credentials verification 



cgfns certification program® 



cgfns self-assessment 

 


 
canada
cgfns has an exclusive partnership with canadian nursing regulators and the national nursing assessment service (nnas) to evaluate and validate the credentials of internationally-educated nurses looking to practice in canada.
continue to nnas>>
new zealandif you are an internationally qualified nurse who wishes to practice in new zealand, you must first apply to the credentials verification service for the nursing council of new zealand (cvs-ncnz) at cgfns international, inc.
continue to cvs-ncnz website>>
arubacgfns provides the following services to support nurses and other qualifying healthcare workers who need to meet entry-to-practice requirements for employment in aruba:
 

credentials verification service for aruba 

 


 
latest news
 

cgfns international reports nurse migration rates to the u.s. remained high in 2024 february 11, 2025| news releaseuncertain outlook for 2025 as new immigration policies are implemented  a new cgfns international report indicates that a robust annual rate of nurse migration into the united states held steady…read more 



new podcast examines global health workforce development and health worker mobilitynovember 12, 2024| news release“care anywhere” from cgfns international now available on major podcast streaming sites  (philadelphia, november 12, 2024) – cgfns international, a worldwide leader in international credentials evaluation and certification to support…read more 



cgfns international joins who stakeholder network to advance rehabilitation carejuly 23, 2024| news releasecgfns international, a worldwide leader in international credentials evaluation and certification to support health worker careers, has been inducted into the world rehabilitation alliance (wra). the wra is the world…read more 



cgfns international announces first global credential for rehab nursesjune 27, 2024| announcements, news releaseexam registration for certified global nurse – rehabilitation (cgn-r) to open in july, handbook available now (philadelphia, june 27, 2024) – cgfns international, a worldwide leader in international credentials evaluation…read more 

 


 













cgfns has an exclusive partnership with canadian nursing regulators and the national nursing assessment service (nnas) to evaluate and validate the credentials of internationally-educated nurses looking to practice in canada.
continue to nnas>>
our mission


the mission of cgfns international, inc. is to serve the global community through programs and services that verify and promote the knowledge-based practice competencies of healthcare professionals.


company
home
about us
news
careers
contact us
contact us
+1 215.222.8454
get in touch
subscribe to receive our news
before you apply, you will need to set up a free account on the cgfns connect portal. please follow the instructions on the following page to set up your account (click below to go to the portal).
continue to cgfns connect portal>>
if you already have an account, click here to login
follow usfacebookyoutubeinstagramemailshare with a friendprivacy policy
© 2025 cgfns international, inc. all rights reserved.

 menu


 
























