






coastal resources center











































skip to content





search



searchbox






university of rhode island


you

future students
students
faculty
staff
parents and families
alumni
community















			coastal resources center		








uricoastal resources center

home
about
our work
people
projects
publications
news and events










improving our coasts.learn more

 
what is crc?
the coastal resources center in the graduate school of oceanography at the university of rhode island focuses on using science to address societal issues.  learn more about us on the about, our work, people and projects pages. 

 
why is crc important?
around the world, the coastal resources center (crc) works with communities and citizens to become more effective stewards of their shores and seas. partnering with scholars and stakeholders, crc applies science and empowers communities through collaboration and capacity building.

how do we make a difference?

translating scienceproviding insights to manage limited, valuable resources.
improving placesbolstering the quality of places by encouraging innovation and community.
empowering peopleworking with leaders and engaged learners to tackle environmental challenges.
building resilienceprotecting lives, property and ensuring food for the future.





countlesslives changed
>20active projects
>$10 millionin 2022 grant dollars





recent news

position announcement: chief of party (cop) usaid/ marine biodiversity conservation activity for the western indian  ocean - chief of party (cop) usaid/ marine biodiversity conservation activity for the western indian ocean the university of rhode island, coastal resources center seeks a chief of party to lead a five-year usaid-funded marine biodiversity conservation activity for the western indian ocean. the cop will provide overall program leadership, management, and technical direction. the cop will be a […]
ourfish ourfuture project regional monitoring, evaluation and learning advisor (re-advertised) - overview the five-year ourfish ourfuture project is funded by the united states agency for international development (usaid). the regional monitoring, evaluation and learning (mel) advisor is a full-time position responsible for oversight of the monitoring, evaluation, and learning and acting as a key liaison with core implementing partners world wildlife fund (wwf), lmma network, and […]
invitation for proposal: consultancy to review the melanesian spearhead group roadmap for inshore fisheries management and sustainable devlopment - background  the contribution of inshore fisheries to food security and livelihood of coastal communities in the msg member countries is significant. in 2012 the leaders of the msg countries (fiji, new caledonia, papua new guinea, solomon islands, and vanuatu) made a decision to develop a roadmap for inshore fisheries management and sustainable development 2014-20231, and […]
 micronesia project coordinator (re-advertised) - we are seeking a dynamic and results-oriented individual to join our team and the nationals of micronesia, including the federated states of micronesia, the republic of palau, and the republic of the marshall islands, are encouraged to apply. candidates who have previously applied need not reapply. project overview the u.s. agency for international development (usaid) […]
now hiring:  usaid melanesia project coordinator - project overview the u.s. agency for international development (usaid) ourfish ourfuture project is a cooperative agreement awarded by usaid that seeks to address the drivers of illegal, unreported, and unregulated (iuu) fishing that are degrading coastal fisheries and biodiversity and negatively impacting local livelihoods, food stability, and maritime security in the pacific islands region. the […]
 position available – coordinator, coastal resources center - the university of rhode island, coastal resources center is seeking a coordinator to assist in performing routine and complex fiscal and administrative functions to support the center’s programming portfolio. the coordinator will be responsible for developing proposals, assisting with the principal investigator’s (pi’s) guidance of overall project management, and performing post-award administrative, financial management, and accounting […]

see all news

 







connectapplytourgive 






university

leadership
diversity and inclusion
global
campuses
safety




campus life

housing
dining
athletics and recreation
health and wellness
events




academics

undergraduate
graduate
advising
libraries
internships








facebookinstagramxyoutube 




work at uri
public records
web accessibility

copyright © 2025 university of rhode island | university of rhode island, kingston, ri 02881, usa | 1.401.874.1000
uri is an equal opportunity employer committed to the principles of affirmative action.


















