



libba - home






































diane artwork

 










































































home
















tackle tuesdays
















scholarship
















fishing contest



















libba weight slips
















ken karwick memorial fishing contest
















libba derby rules
























lapsed membership
















libba contacts
















libba photo albums
















libba member plate request
















membership application
















libba sponsors
















li beach access history
















event calendar
















mission statement
















beach driving video













 



































upcoming events























if you are passionate about preserving beach access and promoting environmental stewardship on long island, look no further than our long island beach buggy association.our community organization has served long island for 65 years. with a guiding star set of bylaws, a team of dedicated committee members work tirelessly to influence local policy and keep 4x4 beach access available to long islanders.
but libba is more than just a beach access organization - we also host scholarship programs, casting for recovery, veteran programs, fishing clinics, fishing contests, beach courtesy patrols, beach clean-ups, beach driving classes and beach replenishment projects. we partner with local state, county and town agents to collaborate on environmental topics. 
join our movement and become part of a respected community committed to preserving long island's beach access for generations to come.
join long island beach buggy association by becoming a member here.


if your membership has lapsed, please check this link for instructions on reactivating your membership
united states post office box
libba
p.o. box 816
babylon, ny 11702

the libba hot line phone number

         516-859-5266

please do not call before 7:30amet nor after 10:30pmet.

you may also use email libbapresident@gmail.com

please include your name and an active libba member number with your message 

to better understand the nys permit system
2025 long island dashboard permits: 4x4 fishing, 4x4 surfing, stargazing, night/sport fishing, camp hero fishing, regional scuba-diving, nighttime photography, metal detecting
available for purchase online only, beginning at 9:00 am, monday, december 5th through 11:59 pm friday, march 31st, 2025.
there will be no in-person sales.
permit(s) will be mailed once processed. please allow 10 – 14 business days for your physical permit(s) to arrive in the mail.
the following is required to purchase a 2025 long island dashboard permit:
valid reserve america account log in
valid e-mail address
valid credit card is required for payment
valid driver’s license of the applicant
valid vehicle registration and license plate information
valid nys dec recreational saltwater/marine fishing registry id # (required for fishing dashboard permits only).
“c” card (required for regional scuba-diving only)
how to purchase a 2025 long island dashboard permit:
at 9:00 am on december 5th, visit the new york state parks reserve america website, direct link - https://newyorkstateparks.reserveamerica.com/posproducts... or visit https://newyorkstateparks.reserveamerica.com/ and select the ‘permits’ tab.
you must have an existing or create a new reserve america account with a valid email address
select the permit(s) you wish to purchase and complete the required information
add to cart and follow prompts to complete purchase
please allow 10 – 14 business days for your physical permit(s) to be issued and arrive in the mail
questions about purchasing your 2025 dashboard permit? please contact the regional permit office via email at lidashboards@parks.ny.gov
2025 annual caumsett fishing access permits - *limited to the first 500 applicants only*
available for purchase online only, beginning january 4, 2025 at 9:00am.
there will be no in-person sales at caumsett or the regional permit office.
permit will be mailed once processed. please allow at least 4 weeks for your physical permit to arrive in the mail.
must have the following when purchasing a 2025 annual caumsett fishing access permit:
valid reserve america account log in
valid email address
valid driver’s license
valid vehicle registration and license plate details
valid nys dec recreational saltwater/marine fishing id #
valid credit card for payment
fee: $40.00 and all out of state residents will be charged an additional $35.00 after purchase. a state park representative will contact you once your purchase has been received and reviewed to collect the additional out of state fee.
be prepared! the annual caumsett permit sells out quickly. we encourage you to review and follow the below suggestions for ease of purchase:
create a reserve america account, if you don’t have an existing account, by visiting, https://newyorkstateparks.reserveamerica.com/membersignin...
you must have a valid reserve america account to purchase the permit
gather the required documents and be ready to purchase at 9:00 am when sales go live.
log into your reserve america account just prior to 9:00 am on wednesday, january 4th. this will expedite the checkout process. be sure to refresh your page at 9:00 am to reload the site!!!
renew or apply for the nys dec recreational saltwater/marine fishing registry, prior to january 4th, by visiting, https://decals.dec.ny.gov/decalscitizenweb
questions about purchasing your 2025 annual caumsett permit? please contact caumsett via email at caumsett@parks.ny.gov

membership renewals email notification process will begin effective for the 2025 calendar year. you may renew by initiating the generation of an invoice here at libba.com. to renew, you must be logged in to libba.com (with your email address and unique password), then edit your profile to navigate to generate invoice to renew your membership. for any membership questions or concerns, please contact keith at gonefishin2286@gmail.com


member beaches we can access
shagwong
montauk point state park
hither hills bay and ocean beach opened napeague
cedar beach partial beach
shinnecock
cupsogue access to inlet
smith point
democrat point
sore thumb
remember beach access can change over nite.
we will do our best to keep you updated
president
cooky




     



 










































































 
 



