


colour therapy meaning, uses, application and learning















































      skip to main content
    









toggle navigation








main navigation


home


colour therapy 


about colour therapy


how colour therapy is used


chakras


colour therapy for animals


colour and numerology


colour therapy self help




colour 


how we see colour


colour properties


colour history


what is colour




colour therapy online learning


online shop


information












colour therapy meaning, uses, application and learning
















 


what is colour therapy?colour therapy is a holistic therapy that uses the seven main colours of the spectrum and light to balance the chakras of the body. the use of colour therapy dates back thousands of years and is a truly holistic therapy using the colour energy from light. each colour of the spectrum resonates with one of the main seven chakras in the body. each colour of the spectrum is simply light of varying wavelengths, thus each colour has its own particular energy used in colour therapy.  colour can have a profound and healing effect on us as humans of any age as well as the animals.ways in which colour therapy is appliedcolour therapy can be applied to the body in a number of different ways. as with any therapy, each colour therapist may have his or her own 'style', however, a number of common ways in which colour therapy is applied are:looking at certain colours.the placing of colour silks onto the body.the directing of coloured light onto the body.solarized water.meditation with colour.colour and breathing.learning about colour therapywe provide colour therapy related products and distance learning workshop teaching packs.we have our comprehensive online colour therapy workshop distance learning packs as well as our popular online shop for colour acetate light filters used in colour therapy as well as our popular poster downloads.colour therapy workshopswe have compiled our comprehensive online colour therapy distance learning packs just for you. we currently have three distance learning packs - 'level 1', level 2' and animals.learn more about our workshops...colour therapy online shopwe sell a variety of colour therapy related products including colour acetate light filters, our own chakra posters and colour therapy workshop packs and booklets.view our shop...what is colourcolour is simply light of varying wavelengths and frequencies, as we see or feel it. as an energy colour forms just a small part of the electromagnetic spectrum.learn more...colour propertiescolour is simply light of varying wavelengths and frequencies, as we see or feel it. visible colour plays a very important part in all of our lives; from colour in work, to adverts and design.learn more...









colour therapy






colour and numerology



read more about colour and numerology
a colour and numerolgy report can be enlightening, liberating and inspiring and can help you to make the best of your potential for a truly colourful life. 
learn about your self using the power of colour

discover your strengths and qualities
dicover your true potential.

order your personal report today







chakras



read more about chakras
a chakra is like a spiral of energy, each one relating to the others. chakra (pronounced sha-kra) is the sanskrit word for ' wheel '.
if you can imagine the main chakras / energy centres as a set of cogs/wheels, they are rather like the workings of a clock or an engine; each cog /wheel needs to move smoothly and at a similar speed for the clock / engine to work properly.
thus good health and well being is achieved by a balance of all these energies (or the smooth running of the cogs/wheels).







colour therapy and nature



read more about colour therapy and nature

when exploring some of the connections of colour therapy and nature, one of the most obvious is, of course, flowers. they are a very big part of the colours we are all used to seeing around us. nature is full of healing energy and it is there for us all to share and to enjoy. we just need to look.







solarized water



read more about solarized water
a simple way of applying colour to the body is to use solarized water.
when exposed to sunlight, water in a coloured container absorbs the vibrational energy of that particular colour. this can then be drunk by sipping the water or used for bathing a particular part of the body.







colour and breathing



read more about colour and breathing
a lovely and very helpful exercise is colour and breathing - or breathing in the rainbow.
the purpose of this is to firstly, heighten our awareness of colour and secondly, to encourage a balance of all the seven main chakra colours for our well being.







colour and crystals - chakras



read more about colour and crystals - chakras
here are some suggestions of crystals which can be related to each of the main chakras of the body.







about colour therapy



read more about about colour therapy
colour therapy dates back thousands of years and is a truly holistic non-invasive and powerful therapy, colour therapy uses the energy relating to each of the seven spectrum colours. these colours and their energies, resonate with the energy of each of the seven main chakras of the body. colour therapy can help to re-balance and/or stimulate the chakras by applying the appropriate colour to the body and therefore re-balance our chakras. balance of the energy in each of the body’s chakras is very important for health and wellbeing.







meditation and breathing



read more about meditation and breathing
a colour therapist may well use meditation and breathing exercises as part of the treatment at the time of the consultation or give advice for the patient's use at home. the therapist may well also have meditation tapes that he/she will recommend.












search


search
search











colour therapy related links


colour light filters


colour silks


colour and breathing


solarized water


meditation and breathing


meeting a colour therapist


colour and crystals - chakras


colour and numerology



















help
terms of use
disclaimer
privacy & cookies
copyright
about us
contact us

© copyright  colour therapy healing















