





















































department of english










skip to main content


stanford university



department of english




stanford


department of english
 school of humanities and sciences






search









      menu
      

aboutabout the departmentcontact and locationterrace roomgiving informationpeoplefacultylecturerscourtesyemeritiadministrationgraduate studentsscholars and visitingacademicsoverviewbachelor of arts
            toggle bachelor of arts
          english majorenglish minordigital humanities minorcreative writingsenior anthologyundergraduate formswriting intensive seminars in english (wise)peer advisorssummer internship grantsenglish undergraduate travel grantcareers after an english majorcoterminal madoctor of philosophy
            toggle doctor of philosophy
          ph.d. alumnifellowship databasejoint degree program with the school of lawtax information for ph.d. studentsph.d. admissionsph.d. admissions faqscoursesbookshelfnews & eventsupcoming eventsrecent newsevent series
            toggle event series
          methods cafébeowulf, mead & musiccenter for the study of the novelthe contemporaryanother look book clubpast eventsresourcesresources overviewit resourcesresources around stanfordexternal resources 
















welcome to the stanford university department of english











main content start






congratulations, class of 2024!english diploma ceremony highlights


 
one of the founding departments of stanford university in 1891, the english department is the cornerstone of the humanities at stanford. the pioneer faculty of english was an eclectic group of writers, comparativists, and literary scholars.











 








  
linda a. cicero / stanford news service





undergraduate program


to study english is to master the power of language.










 








 linda a. cicero / stanford news service





coterminal master of arts


if you are an advanced undergraduate who wants to take the study of literature to a higher level, then the coterminal m.a. program is for you.










 








 paul keitz





check out our courses


stanford english offers a wide variety of interdisciplinary courses taught by world-class faculty







 
 

views from the departmentprofessor ato quayson with professor adam johnson at the creative writing program welcome dinner  








 
recent news





 










 










new video installment of critic. reading. writing with ato quayson


  https://youtu.be/jr1u72v7bvs?feature=shared 











 







publications


peter boxall ponders the possibilities of literature


  does literature merely reflect the world or actually shape the future? british writer peter boxall from cambridge university answered this question during his lecture, “the possibility of literature,” hosted by the center for the study of the novel at stanford. the talk coincided with the release of boxall’s book, “the possibility of literature...













commencement


english diploma ceremony 2024


  on sunday, june 16, the department of english awarded 36 bachelor’s and 2 master’s degrees. additionally, 7 doctoral degrees were awarded, 2 of which were from the modern thought and literature program.4 of our students give speeches during the ceremony: 


  
      
              



      
  

sarah esther lewis, ba english




  
      
              



      
  

zuni vinod chopra, ba english




  
      
              



      
  

briana maytee garcía, ma english




  
      
              



      
  

jessica camille jordan, phd english

















 
upcoming events





 










 






february
20





 a conversation with danzy senna




datethu february 20th 2025, 5:00pm



locationceras
520 galvez mall, stanford, ca 94305
101




one of today’s most widely respected voices tackling multiracial and complex social identities, american studies alum danzy senna is…










 






march
5



methods café


methods café: pedagogy edition




datewed march 5th 2025, 12:00pm - 2:00pm



locationterrace room (rm. 426), margaret jacks hall, bldg 460
450 jane stanford way, bldg 460, stanford, ca 94305


the discipline of english is changing in creative directions while new pedagogies are emerging in the undergraduate classroom. our graduate…










 






march
7



center for the study of the novel


the novel as theory




datefri march 7th 2025, 9:30am - 6:00pm



locationterrace room (rm. 426), margaret jacks hall, bldg 460
450 jane stanford way, bldg 460, stanford, ca 94305


please join the center for the study of the novel for their annual conference! this year’s theme is “the novel as theory,” exploring past and…














 
department bookshelf
english remains a top-ranked department nationally because of the strength and variety of our faculty publications, both in scholarly research and creative writing. browse the bookshelf to explore our many interests.
 browse the entire bookshelf





 









 







digital philology 

 2024
elaine treharne









 







the globe in print 

 2024
stephen orgel









 







disrupting categories, 1050-1250

 2024
elaine treharne 









 







the island: war and belonging in auden's england

 2024
nicholas jenkins









 







the edinburgh companion to women in publishing, 1900–2020

 2024
alice staveley 









 







opera, tragedy, and neighbouring forms from corneille to calzabigi

 2024
blair hoxby














back to top













about

about the department
contact and location
giving information
people



resources
grad students - intranetfaculty - intranetother resources


connect with us
connect with us on facebook connect with us on twitter connect with us on instagram


contact us
450 jane stanford way
building 460, room 201
stanford, ca 94305-2087

main office: (650) 723-2635
  englishdept [at] stanford.edu (englishdept[at]stanford[dot]edu)
  campus map




 












sunet login







  stanforduniversity





stanford home
maps & directions
search stanford
emergency info


terms of use
privacy
copyright
trademarks
non-discrimination
accessibility



© stanford university.
  stanford, california 94305.



 






