





gladys porter zoo – brownsville texas









































skip to content








(956) 546-7187buy ticketsdonatebook your stay 

facebookxyoutubeinstagramcustom 














 explore the zooaquaticsafricaasiaherpetariumindo-australiasmall worldtropical americaplan your tripnewvisitor resourcesinfo planning is the key to making your zoo visit the great experience you expect. the gladys porter zoo is here to help.

zoo mapupcoming eventsupdatedzoofari gift shopfood and beverages zoo map

 small world

 keeper chats

 feeding schedules

things to doprogram & eventsparty for the planetjoin us april 22, 2023 @ 10:00 a.m.
find out more

ocelot conservation day march 5, 2023 @ 10:00 a.m.
find out more

 discover our new events
see what events and programs are going on the day you’ll be visiting.
upcoming events
conservation 











loading...






registration










registration






 







book your stay
buy tickets
























homegladysporterzoo2023-08-04t15:21:50-05:00 
accredited member of the association of zoos and aquariums (aza) since 1978.
the gladys porter zoo is an oasis nestled in the center of brownsville, texas. with 31 acres of lush tropical plants and some 1,600 animals, the gladys porter zoo is known for its successes in breeding endangered species of wildlife.
about us
the gladys porter zoo is a visitor-oriented zoological and botanical park, dedicated to the preservation of nature through education, conservation, healthy outdoor recreation and research.
the park is divided into four zoo geographic areas: africa, asia, tropical america and indo-australia. there is also a herpetarium, aquarium, tropical america free-flight aviary, macaw canyon, bear grottos and komodo dragon exhibit. small world features a nursery and an animal contact yard where children can touch and interact with domesticated animals.
world class facilities
in a mere ¾ mile trek, a visitor to the gladys porter zoo will encounter a diverse ensemble of 377 species of animals and 225 species of plants. the gladys porter zoo opened to the public on september 3, 1971. the facility was completely planned, built, stocked, equipped and then given to the city of brownsville by the earl c. sams foundation. (learn more)

plan your trip –  

download a zoo map –
conservation
our mission
at the gladys porter zoo, we carry out our conservation mission by contributing to various conservation projects to preserve endangered species such as kemp’s ridley sea turtles, western lowland gorillas, and philippine crocodiles. the zoo also contributes funds to support conservation or research programs that take place in the home ranges of specific animals in need of attention. in the past, the zoo has supported field projects to benefit galapagos tortoises, matchie’s tree kangaroos and several species of rhino, just to name a few. we also participate in the american zoo and aquarium association’s (aza’s) species survival plan program to help ensure the survival of selected wildlife species.
kemp’s ridley project
of the seven species of sea turtles in the world, the kemp’s ridley, lepidochelys kempii, is the most endangered. it is also the smallest sea turtle and the only species that nests primarily during the daytime. in 1978, a collaborative bi-national program between mexico and the united states was developed to try and restore this species’ population to a self sustainable level, and in 1981, the u.s. fish and wildlife service asked the gladys porter zoo to administer the united states’ field portion of the joint u.s./mexico effort to protect and increase the production of kemp’s ridley sea turtles in their natal beaches located in the state of tamaulipas, mexico. to date, the zoo still carries out that role. (learn more)
saving the american ocelot
the animal health department at the gladys porter zoo is actively involved in assisting us fish and wildlife services with ocelot health monitoring at laguna atascosa national wildlife refuge (lanwr). (learn more)
rhino conservation
international rhino foundation: gladys porter zoo’s director emeritus, don. d. farst, d.v.m., serves as a member of the board of the international rhino foundation (irf), whose mission is to contribute to rhino conservation by providing technical, administrative and financial services and support.  (learn more)
iguana conservation
international iguana foundation: the zoo’s general curator, colette hairston adams, serves as a member of the board of the international iguana foundation (iif), whose mission is to actively support conservation.  (learn more)
galapagos tortoise research
determination of the origin of captive galapagos tortoises: a great number of the galapagos tortoises that are currently in captivity were taken off of various islands in galapagos early in the 20th century.  (learn more)
philippine crocodile conservation
north american cooperative conservation for the philippine crocodile: staff from the department of herpetology work with the philippine government and the philippine national recovery team.  (learn more)
local wildlife
putting wildlife back: the animal health department at the gladys porter zoo is the principal wildlife rehabilitation unit for the rio grande valley. wildlife rehabilitation involves caring for injured, ill and orphaned wild animals with the goal of releasing eachinto its natural habitat. (learn more)
education
view more
events
view more
latest news
view more
news

brownsville is your wild weekend hotspotgladysporterzoo2023-09-18t21:10:22-05:00september 14th, 2023| brownsville is your wild weekend hotspot!   plan [...]read more


big savings at gladys porter zoo discount weekends!gladysporterzoo2023-09-07t16:38:27-05:00september 7th, 2023| big savings at gladys porter zoo discount weekends!  [...]read more


orangutan born at gladys porter zoogladysporterzoo2023-08-08t17:47:22-05:00august 8th, 2023|  orangutan born at gladys porter zoo   [...]read more


 


 
 





gladys porter zoo

address
500 e ringgold st
brownsville, tx 78520

(956) 546-7187
info@gpz.orgmonday - sunday: 9:00 am - 5:00 pm
extended spring break hours
saturday-sunday march 9-10 & 16-17:
9:00 am - 5:30 pm
 

admissions prices ranges:

adults: $17.00 – $19.00
children: (2-13) $11.00 – $13.00
children under 2 free
seniors (over 65): $15.00 – $17.00

(prices vary depending on the day of the visit.)
 

visitor resources 
zoo directory
download a zoo map
concessions: food & beverages
rental information
buy a membership

 

education department 
summer safari
starlight safari sleepover
summer teen program
school groups

 



 
 
 





		© gladys porter zoo   |   all rights reserved   |   hyper net media   |   

info@gpz.org   |   	


facebookxyoutubeinstagramcustom
 
 
 
 



toggle sliding bar area





contact info

500 e ringgold st, brownsville, tx 78520
phone: (956) 546-7187
email: info@gpz.org
web: gladys porter zoo



recent posts


brownsville is your wild weekend hotspot


big savings at gladys porter zoo discount weekends!


orangutan born at gladys porter zoo


 






 
 
page load link
















go to top




