


home - commonwealth dressage & combined training assoc. 


























skip to main content










print this page
text size

scroll to top








add me to mailing listmember loginmenuhomemembership membership benefits join cdcta  newsletter handbook bylaws membership directory budget 2024/2025 bod minutesabout people to contact advertising  preferred partners  forms silent auction donors cdcta newsdressage dressage shows team competitionseventing horse trials team competitionsvolunteer volunteer opportunities volunteer recognition cdcta volunteer list calendarawards points submission  year end awards previous dressage winners previous eventing winners general award winners scholarships virginia bred  tip 2024 dressage scores  2024 eventing points






welcome to commonwealth dressage and combined training association!


congratulations to the 2024 cdcta special award winners!


volunteers of the year: paula horne and tara jelenic
muddy boot award: jessi whitmoyer
nikki norfleet award (highest average score by an amateur on a tb): blair dunleavy/virginia gentleman
dressage scholarship: grace mosher and carolyn briggs
eventing scholarship: farrin wallace-shaffer and jodie potts
rebel colony award (lowest combined score from fall and spring ht): leigh mcpartlin and mo mischief
eventing thoroughbred of the year award: cindi moravec and holloway
alan spivey perpetual dressage pony award: helen hayn and ironwood valena
mvp: veronica laughman
 


cdcta jumping and dressage ride-critique-ride
march 29, 2025 -- win green



volunteers needed! two scribes and two day-of helpers -- contact kate rakowski for more info about volunteering! katerakowski@yahoo.com

intro
this early season clinic format is designed to help riders get the season started right whether you're at a new level, on a new horse or need a positive, guided first outing for the year. the dressage will follow a standard fix-a-test format of riding a test of choice, having some time with the judge to fix some errors, polish some movements, or generally improve the quality of work. then riders will finish with re-riding that same test for another score. the jumping portion will extend this idea to cross country jumping. riders will jump a short course of jumps utilizing part of the wingreen facility at an appropriate level which will be scored with notes for style and effectiveness. then the rider will have time to work with the clinician to practice what went wrong, work on a difficult type of jump, stretch themselves for a challenge or step back and fill in holes. finally, riders will have a chance to re-ride the same short course for another score with notes. riders will have two score sheets with comments to take home from each type of session. 
rules & procedures 


sessions will last approximately 30 minutes each. 


pairs can share an hour session if they think it will be beneficial to them and their horses. 




entry deadline is 7 pm on wednesday before the derby. 


times assigned on a first come first served basis so enter early. 


late entries are allowed with a $15 fee if times are available. 


discount if you are a cdcta member at the time of entry. although this format does not count for points towards year end awards. 


all riders must wear an astm/sei approved helmet whenever mounted.


follow usea rules for cross country dress and tack.  


must wear a protective vest, and medical armband for jumping. 




the same horse/rider combination may enter two dressage sessions if time permits.


pricing    
sessions          $60 each
late fee if entering after wednesday at 7 pm         $15
cdcta member discount                $10 per session

enter here!







call today: (555)555-5555



home   |   
	contact us   |   
	copyright © 2025 - all rights reserved   |   
	terms of use   |   
	privacy policy

powered by 









