







connecting minds through yoga - peptides info
































































































home
yoga poses
clothing for yoga class
about us
contact us





























yoga network

we  are  a  group  of  advocates  and  instructors  that  help  people  to  learn  the  amazing  benefits  that  yoga  has  to  offer. 


connecting minds through yoga

namaste! 
welcome  to  the  yoga  network  where  we  focus  our  energies  towards  yoga  and  the  healing  that  it  brings  to  our  bodies.  we  are  a  group  of  advocates  and  instructors  that  help  people  to  learn  the  amazing  benefits  that  yoga  has  to  offer. 


there  are  many  forms  of  yoga  that  benefit  the  mind,  body,  and  spirit  in  different  ways.  if  you  think  this  is  something  that  you’re  interested  in,  check  out  the  different  classes  that  we  have  available.  we  offer  anything  from  tips  for  gentle  maternity  yoga  and  beginners  to  expert  poses  that  help  you  to  ground  yourself  and  spirit. yoga training updates 

 
why hire a professional wedding videographer for your wedding ceremony?
july 3, 2019june 1, 2023
 

 

any wedding day deserves to be remembered in all the finest details and you and your partner deserve the best to make everything perfect for your big day. all your wedding day features must be remembered these include flowers, wedding dress, ceremony, decorations, page girls, bridesmaids, hair and make-up, the vows, first dance, and so much more. memories fade however that is why it is essential to hire a professional wedding videographer to capture all these special moments of your big day on video for you to cherish forever and to be able to watch over and over again to relive the memories for many years to come.
experience and expertise  
a professional wedding videographer has the expertise and knowledge for the best shooting positions, the right approach, the right angles, and also the editing skills that will make a massive difference to the quality of your wedding video. all the experience and expertise will be delivered to perfection and the perfect wedding video will be created. everything will be taken care of leaving you with a less stressful big day.
they capture everything   
a wedding videographer will capture all those special moments of your big day on the wedding video. you will not see or notice everything from your special day but re-watching your wedding film will show you every special moment that you may have missed.

both sound and movement will be captured   
only photos provide an image of every moment, but a video can capture both movement and sound. from your father’s speech, your first dance, the wedding ceremony, and everything else in between. a wedding video is a must-have for all these special sounds and movements.
you watch the video over and over again   
you may not be able to hang photos on the wall from your video, but you can pick a time to watch your video to bring back those special memories of your amazing day. your day can be one big blur and goes by so fast, wedding photos will not give you the same effect as hearing those special moments on a film. you can even watch all your guests make a fool of themselves on the dance floor while dancing to the wedding band music.
they have top quality and the best equipment   
videographers will have top of the range equipment which ensure and will create an amazing wedding video for every client’s wedding day. this makes a massive difference in the production of the final video. the best equipment is needed to make your dream wedding video become reality.
peace of mind   
with their expert knowledge and experience in the world of videography, you will have peace of mind and can rest assure that your video will be captured in the right way. all the important moments of your big day will be captured to the highest standards. during your consultation with the videographer, they will offer guidance and go through all the fine details, let them know what you are looking for and what you would like to capture on film.

 
tips on buying peptides uk
november 7, 2018may 26, 2020
 



there are many companies that sell peptides for various reasons. you are probably using products that have peptides and did not even know. these are natural products, a combination of amino acids, that can contribute to your overall appearance and health. there are many cosmetic companies that sell products that have peptides, such as businesses that sell skincare products. peptides are also very prominent in the bodybuilding industry. they are able to help create proteins, something that naturally dissipates over time as we get older. if you are in the uk, there are companies that sell peptides every day. here are a few tips on buying peptides uk that you can use to get the best deals.

how do peptides work? 

these long chain amino acids are able to interact with the cells of your body to create a specific reaction. for example, as we get older, we are going to produce less collagen in our skin. this is what causes us to look older and our skin to sag. by applying peptide solutions to our face, we can see an incredible change in the way that we look. collagen production will increase, as well as elastin, allowing fine lines to dissipate and our youthful appearance to return. in the bodybuilding industry, peptides are important for building muscle mass. in fact, long chain amino acids are the basis for creating muscle. therefore, these companies that produce them are catering to markets that are billion-dollar industries, and some of these businesses offer a multitude of different options.

the benefits of peptides 

peptides are not just included in the top skincare products and muscle building supplements. they are also used for a wide variety of purposes. pharmaceutical companies often use peptides when they are doing research and development. they can help them when developing pharmaceuticals related to hormone production or immune function. that is because peptides perform essential body functions. they help produce enzymes which are able to collapse foreign substances. this leads to the development of antibiotics, and some are used for the purpose of diagnostics. an example of diagnostic research has to do with how they react to environmental situations. this can relate to research on toxins, viruses, and the cures that can be developed to combat their deleterious effects.

what type of products do they sell with peptides? 

some of the top skincare products, for example, use copper peptides. there are others including palmitoyl oligopeptide, pentapeptides and hexapeptides. since these peptides are nothing more than amino acids, they form the building blocks for muscle growth and for substances such as collagen. when used in products with hyaluronic acid which binds with water, you can see extraordinary changes in your skin. muscle building supplements will also contain them, allowing your muscles to grow at much higher rates, using these base components of protein.

tips on buying peptides in uk 

if you are in the united kingdom, you can find the peptides that have been discussed in great abundance. you can also locate businesses that create a substantial amount of peptides that are sold for different purposes. you need to compare the companies that you find, compare what they are selling, and also look at the prices that they charge. you will likely have several options to consider, all of which will have a wide variety of peptides that are for sale that can be delivered to your home or business. one other important tip is to consider the longevity of the company. when buying peptides in uk, the business that you order from should have a track record for success. this can be based upon comments made by customers, as well as websites that are continually checking on local businesses in your region of the united kingdom.

how to get these estimates quickly 

if you have done your research on the internet, you can quickly get estimates back from companies on how many specific peptides such as ipamorelin will cost. in many cases, those peptides will be listed in their store, and you can simply add them to the shopping cart. it may take a few hours to go through all of the different companies that sell them, but you will eventually find one that will work for you. they will have all of the peptides that you need at prices that will be more than affordable.



how to make sure your peptides are delivered without incident 

since it is much more common for people to purchase peptides online, there are some considerations that you need to make. if you know what you are looking for, and you find it on several websites, ask questions about how they should be stored, and when they will be shipped. there are certain temperatures that peptides need to be kept at in order to remain stable. whether you are obtaining these in a powder form, or in the more common liquid form, these questions will allow these products to last as long as possible. if something is wrong, they should have a guarantee that will enable you to get a replacement. many of these questions can be answered by looking at online reviews. also inquire about shipping, in regard to how fast they can get the peptides to you. many of them offer free shipping on certain orders, and may even offer overnight shipping depending upon their company policies.

once you have found a company that can supply you with all of the peptides that you will need, you should place your order right away. this will ensure that they are delivered promptly, and you can start to use the ones that you have purchased. whether you are getting these for health reasons, or to improve the way you look, make sure that they only sell quality products. always look at the reviews that people have left for these companies that sell them. these are indicators as to whether or not you will be happy with the products. if buying peptides in the uk is your primary objective, you now know how to find and evaluate the companies that sell them.

 
all about wicklow physiotherapy clinic
july 24, 2018march 12, 2021
 


there are dozens of physiotherapy clinics in wicklow. but all these practices are not created alike. that is why you should be cautious when selecting a reliable physical therapy practice in the region. in fact, wicklow physiotherapy clinic is one of the best private physical therapy practices located in wicklow town. the practice offers a wide variety of treatments that address a range of ailments. the experts at wicklow physiotherapy clinic will diagnose your pain and find the fastest way of alleviating it. in fact, they will prevent such pains from recurring with the right kind of treatments. that is why you should choose wicklow physiotherapy clinic for all your physical and sports injuries. this article provides information about the wide range of medical services provided by the occupational therapy clinic in wicklow.
the practice employs chartered physiotherapists to treat a wide variety of ailments of the patients. they use manual therapy and exercises in a professional and caring manner to heal your condition within a short period of time. in fact, the practitioners at the centre take a hands-on approach to treat your conditions. first, the professional will conduct a full assessment of your condition. they will treat the injured area with the most appropriate manual therapy and recommend an exercise programme that is specifically tailored to meet the individual needs of the patient. you will be able to return to your day to day activities within a short time frame – much better and stronger than before. that is why you should visit the occupational injury clinic in wicklow.
the therapy centre was founded by a wicklow native by the name of maebhe connolly in 2004. in fact, roisin scallan – a highly respected and skilled physiotherapist joined the practice in 2006. the treatments provided by the centre are quite effective and inexpensive compared to many other clinics in the area. these treatments could be accessed by the community with ease. the experts at the centre will take their time during the initial consultation session to fully examine the patient. they will diagnose the ailment of the patient and provide a highly personalised treatment plan to meet the individual needs of the patient. the clinic is quite popular in the community. in fact, they treat a wide range of ailments in the region. they pride themselves in adopting a hands-on approach and offering explanations for your treatment plan. the treatment plan offered by the clinic is highly effective in addressing and managing your condition over time. the practice will develop a highly personalised treatment plan to suit the individual condition of the patient. that is why you need to visit the wicklow physiotherapy clinic without further delay.




at wicklow occupational injury centre, the experts will: 


thoroughly diagnose and assess your condition
explain your condition in detail so that you have a good knowledge of the condition as well as the treatment plan.
provide an effective and highly personalised treatment plan as soon as possible.
show you how to stay pain-free for the rest of your life.


whether you have a mild injury or a serious sports injury, the team of experts at wicklow has the right type of treatment for you. no injury is too small or too big for them. in fact, every patient is treated according to the highest standards in the industry. the experts specialise in hands-on and evidence-based occupational therapy treatments for a wide range of condition. in fact, they will devise a highly personalised exercise plan for you to follow once you leave the clinic. there are hundreds of muscles and ligaments in your body that could go wrong at times. that is when the body cries out in pain. that is where physiotherapy comes in handy. it is one of the most effective treatment methods for physical pain. that is why you should visit the occupational therapy clinic at wicklow right now.
some of the common conditions treated at the physical therapy centre include back pain, joint pains, arthritis, sports injuries, neck pains, work-related injuries, orthotics, and biomechanics.
lower back pain is considered one of the most common conditions affecting more than 80% of the population in the united kingdon at some point during the lifetime of the patient. even though the condition isn’t serious most of the time, it can have a devastating effect on the productivity of the individual. the time taken off work affects the economy of the country. patients with back pain will recover within six weeks most of the time. but the pain tends to recur most of the time. a small number of patients will develop a chronic back pain over time – which may affect a wide range of functionalities of these patients. poor posture issues and simple muscle strain can result in back pain over time. in fact, poor posture will place excessive pressure on your soft tissues and joints over time. this will lead to back pain in the long run.
the experts at wicklow physical therapy centre will perform a detailed history and diagnosis of the condition in order to determine the exact cause of your condition. the centre offers a wide range of effective physical therapy treatments for your condition. the treatments will focus on restoring the functions to poorly moving spinal joints while reducing the muscle tension in the process. the pain will decrease and the movements will improve as a result of the effective physical therapy treatments. pilates is another great method to threat all types of injuries.
sports injuries are effectively treated at the wicklow centre. they treat athletes of all levels. in fact, physical therapy problems can happen to any type of athlete – whether you are a weekend warrior or an international-level athlete. sports injuries are mostly caused due to the overuse of muscles and joints. the clinic uses a holistic approach to the management of sports injuries. they will initially screen the injured area in order to diagnose the condition correctly.
the aforementioned article provides information on what you need to know about the physical therapy clinic in wicklow.

 
personal trainers are expensive – but worth it
june 26, 2018october 25, 2018
 


hiring personal trainers was once the preserve of the rich and famous, but more and more people are opting to take advantage of their services as a way to stay motivated and to hasten their progress towards their fitness goals. those goals could be weight loss or improving performance in a sport. either way, they are something that will be achieved more quickly with the guidance of an expert. even now, personal trainers are expensive compared to just going to the gym and working out by yourself. the one on one advice and guidance that you will get, however, makes it well worth it.

make the best use of your time 

time is money, and this is something that applies even to those who are not self-employed. do you really want to spend endless hours in the gym if you aren’t getting results? that time in the gym could be time spent on other hobbies, learning new skills, or enjoying quality time with your children or spouse. indeed, most people who start exercise regimens end up quitting after a few months, because they feel like they’re just spinning their wheels and not seeing the progress on the scale or in the form of lower weight or more visible muscles. it’s hard to stay motivated when you’re doing the same thing every day and not seeing results. sometimes you need a specific program of exercises to follow to get to the next level.

yes, it’s true that personal trainers are expensive. however, a block booking of one to one sessions will work wonders and will arm you with the skills that you need to exercise by yourself. many people hire someone to provide them with a bespoke program, and then follow it for several months. when they feel like they need to change up what they’re doing, they call the same person in again. that person knows your strengths and weaknesses, understands your goals, and knows where you are coming from. this means that they have the basis to work from to help you get fitter and stronger.



avoiding injury 

some lifts and some sports are renowned for injury. squatting correctly can fix a lot of problems, but doing it badly can damage your knees. deadlifts are amazing for building core strength, but get sloppy with your form and they can harm your back. runners may suffer from shin splints and other injuries, and even judoka can get overuse injuries if they don’t train smart. that’s why it is so important to have someone who knows how to do the movements well teach you how to do them. whether you’re doing something low impact such as stretching or you are engaging in a combat sport or an intense program such as crossfit, injuries will happen if you do not do them right.

so, before you try to go it alone because personal trainers are expensive, think about how much physiotherapy costs. think about how much it would cost if you to take time off work because of an overuse injury or a pulled muscle. exercise is supposed to get you fit and protect your body from disease, not leave you incapacitated. that can only happen if you train in a sensible way.

train for a healthy life 


that doesn’t mean that you shouldn’t exercise by yourself if that’s all that you can do.
for some, personal trainers are expensive enough that they simply cannot justify the cost. there are things that you can do that are lower impact or that cost less. walking is a good starting point for those who have never exercised before at all, and they can work their way up to couch to 5k runs or park runs. fitness classes such as zumba or spin sessions are ideal for those who need a bit of motivation. crossfit, when practiced at a good gym, is also an amazing form of exercise with a strong motivational component that can encourage people to push themselves.

if you’re trying to lose weight, then you don’t have to spend endless hours on a spin bike or a treadmill. most weight loss happens because of your food choices, and simply cutting out sugary drinks and choosing smaller portions can help you to lose a lot of weight without having to turn into a complete gym obsessive. as you achieve your initial goals you may find that you feel more comfortable in your body and that it gets easier to exercise. you may enjoy activities that were once arduous, and feel more flexible, agile and stronger.

get the whole family involved 

there are some activities that you can do as a family – and sharing the healthy lifestyle like that is an amazing way to get fit. outdoor bootcamps are often child-friendly, and have the kind of atmosphere that is supportive of beginners and competitive for those who are more advanced. they give a full body workout that will help you to gain explosive power and to get faster, stronger and more confident.

fitness based boxing classes often have a similar spin to them. they take movements that combat athletes do, but then tone them down into something that puts less stress on the body. hitting pads is very satisfying, and is far harder work than it looks. you will gain cardiovascular fitness,  and if you aren’t already strong you will get stronger in the arms. even holding pads for someone else to hit is far more challenging than it looks!

ideally, people should do both strength work and cardio work. aiming for 3 sessions per week total, or more if they can manage it. goals such as hitting ten thousand steps per day are respectable if you are someone who works in an office and you don’t tend to do much specific exercise, but once you get active and feel the rush of endorphins it’s likely that you will want to do a little more. why not take the kids out to kick a ball around, or go cycling outside (that’s far more challenging, and also far more entertaining, than a stationary bike!).
 
choosing a good trainer 

if you do decide to pay the hourly rate for someone to help you get fit, then you should ask to see their certifications. the people who are working at the bigger chain gyms will likely have a good certification such as one from nasm, but there are a lot of independents who are either just “people who are fit themselves” or who studied a simple online course and are trying to make money from people who don’t know any better. certifications such as action that is earned online are not respected by all gyms, and it’s better to look for ace or nasm as a sign of expertise.

remember that you are paying someone to teach you something that requires a lot of knowledge, and they are there to make sure that you do it safely. bad form or pushing yourself too hard too soon could lead to injury. don’t take chances with your health and wellbeing. make sure that you get off to the best possible start.

ask for referrals, and ask to talk to people who have worked with your specialist. look for before and after photos (you want someone who can achieve results, not just keep an already fit person motivated), and pick someone whose personality you like too because you will be seeing a lot of whoever it is you work with.

 
using wrinkle injection for sweating
june 21, 2018june 21, 2018
 

sweating is natural. it is our body’s way of cooling us down if we are overheated. we sweat when we are nervous, we sweat in warm weather, and we sweat when we are exercising. sweating at the gym or when you are out for a run is normal and is not something to worry about. sweating in the office or during public speaking can, for some people, be a frustrating or embarrassing thing and can leave people feeling a little nervous.

some people use antiperspirant to hide sweat or use pads inside their shirts to mask the sweat. antiperspirant can leave residue on your clothes, though, and the pads aren’t ideal if you are wearing a dress or a tight shirt. that’s why some people are turning to other methods for preventing sweat from happening in the first place.

using wrinkle injection for sweating 

botox injections are usually used to mask wrinkles and to give people a more youthful experience. the idea of using a wrinkle injection for sweating is relatively new, but it is surprisingly effective. botox is actually a neurotoxin, but when it is injected in very small amounts it can freeze the muscles near the site of the injection, which means that the expression lines and wrinkles associated with those muscles do not form. when it is injected into the armpit, it performs a similar role, blocking the messages that tell the sweat glands in that area to secrete sweat. this means that you don’t sweat for a while after the injections.

sweating is a natural, normal function of the human body, and if we didn’t sweat at all then we would overheat and get very sick. botox injections are highly localized though, and this means that if you get a wrinkle injection for sweating, it will only stop the sweat in the area near the injection. your body will still sweat elsewhere to help regulate its temperature.

the effectiveness of wrinkle injection for sweating can vary from person to person. for some people, it is a hugely effective treatment. for others, it doesn’t work well at all. the good news is that it is a simple treatment and it doesn’t take long to do. the injection process takes just 30 minutes, and you’ll know quite quickly whether it will work for you or not. the effects of the treatment usually last for around six months, and for those six months if the treatment worked you’ll enjoy an antiperspirant-free life.
 
what happens in the treatment 


the treatment is just a matter of some injections. it is up to you whether you want to shave your armpits or not before getting the treatment. some people do, some people don’t. you will be given the option to have some numbing cream applied before the injection. your armpits are quite sensitive so you might want to accept that offer, but if you usually don’t mind needles then you can have the injections without.

the botox comes in a powdered form and is diluted using a saline solution. you will need quite a large amount of botox for this treatment, which is why it costs quite a lot of money. on average, the price of wrinkle injections to treat the armpits is $1,000.

once you have had the treatment solution mixed, they will draw a map on the armpit which shows where the needles need to be used. if you are someone who sweats “a normal amount” then the sites are pre-determined. there is no need for the clinic to perform any tests. if you are coming to a clinic because you have issues with excessive sweat then they may use starch iodine to test your armpits to locate the sites of the sweat.

once they know where they need to treat, they can get to work. the needles don’t hurt – it feels like pinpricks, or may sting a tiny bit more if they have to go a bit deeper. for armpits, the treatments do go deeper than on the face, so if you’ve had injections for cosmetic reasons then you might notice some difference with this treatment.

it takes about a week for people to see the full effects. some people who experience large amounts of sweat opt to have the same treatment in other problem areas, such as under the breasts, the scalp, or the palms and the soles of their feet. needles and feet do not go well together. there are lots of nerve endings in the feet and they are very sensitive so that’s one time where you will likely want to accept some numbing cream.

these treatments don’t mask body odour. they might reduce it if you usually sweat a lot and have to try to get through a working day with a soaked through a shirt. however, any smell that comes from bacteria on the skin will still be there, so some people do end up using body spray anyway.

 
is it worthwhile? 

whether or not this kind of cosmetic intervention is worthwhile will depend on how self-conscious you are about the amount of sweat that you produce. for someone who finds the day to day situations embarrassing (for example a teacher who dislikes having sweaty armpits while writing on the whiteboard) then this could be a good option. it is also popular with public speakers, and with people who are frequently photographed or who work in entertainment. if you suffer from hyperhidrosis, then this can give you a new lease oonlife and free you from a frustrating and embarrassing condition.

for those who just struggle to deal with overheating while exercising, it may be that the therapy is too expensive to justify as a regular thing. it’s worth investigating for an upcoming wedding or another major event where you want to look your best, though. and once you have experienced the results you may find that you really do appreciate not needing to worry about having antiperspirant on hand at all times and that you get it again.

 
what to wear at yoga class
june 1, 2018june 21, 2018
 

 

let’s be real here, the definition of wearing loose and comfortable clothing is incredibly vague. if it’s your first time at a yoga class or if you’re trying to see what the current trends are, then keep reading. these items are our top recommendations for what to wear at yoga class.
start at the top

the goal for a yoga top is to find something that is comfortable yet fitting. you don’t want to wear a shirt that will end up awkwardly shifting of falling down when you’re leaning over in different poses. watch out for any shirts that are low-cut as well. gravity is your friend and the enemy when it comes to clothing and being in different poses.
the best choice is something long-fitted that is going to stay in place no matter if you’re bending backwards, twisting, or leaning forwards. dark colors are also recommended thanks to the fact that yoga can be quite a workout. you’ll probably start to work up a sweat, even in a beginner course.

a fresh breath of air
with a focus on breathing correctly and finding inner peace, sometimes participants forget that they should let their skin breath as well. no matter what clothing you choose, have it be of a thin material. fabric that doesn’t bunch up or retain moisture will help if you start to sweat during the exercise – which you will.
under and over
the choice of what to wear for class even goes down to underwear. if you wear a bra, make sure that it’s something that can support your body in every position. as far of the fabric of underwear items, stay away from cotton. cotton is a fabric that breathes, but it also is known to retain moisture. furthermore, it also does not like to dry quickly. avoid light colors and stick to comfortable fabric that allows for swear.
the one, the only, the beloved yoga pants
loose shorts are also on a category to be avoided, that’s why yoga pants are great. bike shorts are also a good option for doing bikram yoga or if you tend to sweat a lot. any long pants that you wear should be able to stretch as well as snug on the body. they should not stop you from trying to complete a full range of motion. watch out for anything that has long, and dangling drawstrings as well.


 
yoga poses for beginners
may 25, 2018june 21, 2018
 

 

if you’re brand new to yoga, it’s easy to be intimidated by many of the starting poses with long, strange names. getting down the basics, however, is vital for becoming comfortable during class or for when you’re practicing on your own.
the most essential thing to remember is to listen to your body. here are our suggestions on where to start.
the mountain pose
the mountain pose is known to be base position for all standing poses. while it may seem easy from a first glance, it can actually be difficult for some people to just stand still and clear your mind. the mountain pose allows you to gain a sense of where to put your feet.
to perform the mountain pose, start by standing with your feet together. spread your toes and press them down towards the ground. bring attention to your quads in order to lift kneecaps up. draw in your abdominal as you lift up your chest, pushing back your shoulders towards the ground.
at this point you should feel your shoulder blades moving towards each other, allowing your chest to be open. the last step is to make sure that you are able to keep both palms inwards. people like to imagine that a string is being drawn from the crown of the head to the ceiling to help hold the pose. breathe deeply in, and out through your nose as you feel it in your torso. hold the pose for six to eight breaths.
the downward dog


one of the most popularly known poses, this dorm helps to stretch and strengthen your entire body. to perform this pose, get down on all fours. your wrists should sit underneath your shoulders while your hips align with your knees. tuck your toes underneath you and raise your hips off the ground.
with your knees bent and hamstrings tight, try to straighten your legs. walking your hands forward will low you more length if you need it. the pose is completed by firmly pressing your palms down and rotating your inner elbows towards one another. as always, hold the position for six to eight breaths.
choose your pose
do you have any favorite yoga poses that you think would be perfect for a beginner to try? let us know what you think! we’re always looking for new poses to teach our clients and to add to our blog posts.


get in touch with us

are  you  looking  to  join  us  at  the  yoga  network?  we  are  always  on  the  path  and  search  to  finding  people  who  are  just  as  passionate  as  we  are.  if  you  would  like  to  contribute  tips,  tricks,  and  information  about  yoga  poses  contact  us  through  the  ways  listed  below.  we  will  update  our  notice  to  show  if  we  are  currently  accepting  guest  blog  posts  and  other  information. 

notice:  we  are  currently  not  accepting  material  at  this  time.  thank  you  for  your  consideration!  when  we  have  more  time  to  collaborate  with  outside  enthusiasts  we  will  update  this  message.  thanks!  our address

call us at +1-(906)-971-2718
497 veltri drive, marquette, michigan, 49855



 
































follow us



facebook





wordpress





wordpress











						© 2021 yoga network. all rights reserved.					
privacy policy





























