




home - azmira holistic animal care













































azmira holistic animal care

 












 
 
about

the azmira story
the lifestyle®


products

cat food – canned
cat food – dry
dog food – canned
dog food – dry
flower essences
herbal extracts
homeopathics
product kits
supplements
topicals


resources

blog
faqs
news
support materials


reviews
where to buy

on-line retailers
local retail stores
distributors


 

skip to content


 


	you are here:
home


home






 
 
make sure you're "in the know" with our news & announcements page. 



 
 
click this slide browse our flower essence products. 



 
 
click this slide to browse our herbal extract products. 










welcome to azmira holistic animal care, home of the holistic animal care lifestyle®. before we go any further, allow us to take a second to thank you for visiting us today. we understand that you’re busy and have other things that you could be doing, so we are sincerely and genuinely appreciative that you’ve chosen to come by and see what we can offer you and your pet(s).
now that you’re here, what is it exactly that we can help you with? is your pet suffering from allergies? valley fever? arthritis? parasites? did you just rescue a pet recently from a shelter and now he/she is exhibiting emotional symptoms? how about general health and diet … are you sick and tired of your beloved pets being sick and tired all of the time?
regardless of the reason, we’re confident that our products will be the answer to your questions and concerns. all of our products are made with high-quality, human-grade ingredients and they were all formulated by our founder (and owner), dr. lisa s. newman, ph.d. please, take a few moments to look around our website. if you need assistance or have questions for us, don’t hesitate to use the buttons at the top of the page to reach out to us.
again, thank you for stopping by. we wish your pet(s) a long, healthy, and chemical-free life! – the azmira team


 





search for:


 
 

let's get social





latest tweets for @azmirahac
 
 
 








 



these statements have not been evaluated by the food and drug administration.
azmira supplements and products are not considered to be drugs, but nutritional support.
copyright © 1982 - 2013 azmira holistic animal care® all rights reserved 
6781 e. outlook drive, tucson, az, 85756 | 520-886-8548  (local) | 1-800-497-5665 (toll free) | 520-886-2638 (fax) | info@azmira.com   
powered by wordpress / site designed and maintained by luna fifteen. 
 
 

