








outpost of freedom







 









 




the



outpost of
freedom
by
gary
hunt


last revised
june 23, 2010
 

"truth will
ultimately prevail where pains is taken to bring it to
light."


george washington
[letter to
charles m. thruston, august 10, 1794] 








 




























			 


most of my activity will now be posted on my blog:

  
			outpost of freedom 
			blog

if you would like to receive emails and participate in the 
			discussion,
			simply go here "opflist" 
			and sign up.

			 







	 habeas corpus - main page







         
			kc massey - letters from jail                  





         

		schuyler barbeau - a voice from prison











  
the plan for restoration of constitutional government 

















			"we the people", but, 
			who are we?








factions -- the chains of oppression
	









 unlike any other government













			the fourteenth article in amendment to the constitution - an essay





			http://www.outpost-of-freedom.com/library/garyhuntexposedjohndoe4atokc.mp3








 
			

you have tread on me - petition




 
			the end of the revolution and the beginning of 
		independence  




 finding freedom again






vortex
		what you need to know and understand







  
		questionable characters







outpost of 
			freedom radio & podcasts   

  
			the opf (outpost of freedom) mail list has returned.  
			 











the
outpost of freedom began as a newspaper in
february, 1993. the events occurring in waco,
texas, that month and the months to follow,
resulted in a change in the nature of the outpost
of freedom (opf). during the siege in waco, 
opf began operating through a fax-network to
provide daily reports of the federal siege on a
little church in texas.


after the
murder of the branch davidians, opf continued to
travel, and fax, reporting on stories that were of
interest to the constitutionalist/patriot
community. perhaps the type of story would best be
described as those events where "the
government was pointing their guns in the wrong
direction."



 the outpost of freedom has added a 
library 
as a resource for its readers. the library will contain 
text from various books which may be of interest to those 
who believe in the constitution, american history, or, their 
own health .     


on june
28, 1995, a traffic stop in ohio resulted in the
death of a prominent militia chaplain. michael
hill's death was investigated by a grand jury in
muskingum county, ohio. the grand jury failed to
indict and the case was laid to rest, at least by
the government. the outpost of freedom went to
ohio and investigated the incident. the results of
that investigation are contained in the report on
the death of michael
hill.  a
pictorial
report of the events, for the more stoic, is
also available.

 
2 relevant videos have been added to the site.



tuesday, september 11, 2001 will long be
remembered. the question of just how it will and
should be remembered is the topic of this series
of articles. 



world trade center -- in
perspective 

 
on april
19, 1995, a bomb tore through a portion of the
alfred p. murrah federal building in oklahoma
city, oklahoma. there can be no doubt that this
event is high on the list of subjects of interest
to the patriot community. the outpost of freedom
began writing articles, for the fax network,
shortly after the bombing occurred. those articles
are contained in oklahoma
city bombing. we have also added
mcveigh's
forum, a place where timothy mcveigh's
words and thoughts can be
found. 


 
nord davis, jr., was, without a doubt, an american
patriot. though the government tried to implicate
him in the rudolph matter, nord, as always, shed
the accusations and  continued his search for
truth. nord was, and will always be -



 
american first, without apology!



also included are the investigative
reports conducted by the outpost of
freedom.



        

go
to nord davis pages


 sui juris, an excellent article by nord davis, has been added 
to the site.  


on
october 4, 1993, there was a shooting in opelika,
alabama. after the smoke cleared, a police officer
lay dead. most people immediately reacted -- "you
can't shoot a cop. that's not
right!"    or, is it? the
constitution for the united states of america and
the supreme court of the united states contradict
this knee-jerk reaction. george sibley and lynda lyon are,
however, on death row for defending their (and,
our) liberty.
 another 
side , information from officer motley's wife, juanita.


the 
outpost of
freedom

spent six weeks at
the golden hill
paugeesukq indian reservation in
connecticut, covering a story about taxes. the
golden hill paugeesukq indians had attempted to
negotiate an agreement for the indians to sell
cigarettes, as was required by connecticut law.
governor weicker refused to negotiate the
agreement, so, the indians, in an effort to force
the state to comply with its own laws, began
selling cigarettes. the state police surrounded
the reservation, and there was  standoff
which lasted until the state backed down from the
hostile approach it had initially taken.




jim bell
spent a few years in prison for writing an article
which offers a solution to what is probably the
most serious problem in america, today --
corruption and illegality in government. the ten
parts of his article that i have been able to
track down are included herein. take some time -
and read assassination
politics.




the 
waco white papers are a
series of articles written during the course of
the siege at mount carmel, waco, texas. the
articles, except for minor grammatical
corrections, are as they were written. the service
of criminal complaints against the fbi/batf; a
power of attorney, lawfully granted by david
koresh and rejected by the fbi; what does texas
law say about the branch davidians right to defend
themselves; and much more in the daily reports
from waco, texas. 



a
waco pictorial
has been added to the waco white papers.



the 
trial of the branch davidians has been
added to the webpage.



in light
of the currently unfolding 'findings' about waco,
a new series -- 
waco unraveling -- will
attempt to keep you abreast of the events and
happenings.




 the
outpost of freedom continues to write on subjects
of current importance. some of the recent
writings, which have not been incorporated into
other stories listed here are included in
the 
outpost of freedom
- today
.






the america
flag is a symbol
of

a nation of self-governed people.
it is flown upside down only during times of
dire distress.
it is those times that we are in,
today!




in 1769,
samuel adams and some allies began publishing
their "journal of the
times", which was soon published in newspapers
all over the colonies. the objective was to report
the misbehavior of the british troops. the
"journal of the
times" has returned.  




during,
and especially, after the events in waco,
texas,  back in 1993, their was an outcry
among the freedom loving people of america. that
cry was, "no more wacos!"    so!
what happened? there was, recently, another event
that has all of the symptoms and similarities of
those fifty-one days in texas. daily, the
government talking heads emulated the
indoctrinational success of waco by holding press
conferences and allowing the "establishment media"
to have their fill, taking for their news reports
only from the regurgitation of pabulum from the
government/nato press corp. a series of articles
under the general heading of
waco ii --
serbia are contained herein.
also, photographs of the
first apache down in
albania



sons of liberty: a series of articles, based
upon historical works, which are intended to
utilize the words and thoughts of the founders in
observing current situations.




back in
1992, a friend gave me a copy of
global plan for the
advancement of humanity (which some refer to
as global plan 2000), which has been stored on a
disk since then. in cleaning up my office, i ran
across the disk and have posted the document for
the benefit of those who have perceived this plan
to be a contrivance. if you take the time to
read the entire document, you may be surprised had
how closely the plan has been followed  since
its inception in 1991.




during my
stay in waco, i had the opportunity to take a
number of picture -- until the batf striped the
film out of my camera, screwing up the winder, and
acquire others. i have used the pictures for my
talks around the country. i am now putting them up
on the website. the waco
pictorial essay is partially completed, but
still under construction.




turtle
island was the name the indians had given to what
we now know as north america. for thousands of
years, the indians lived, worked, hunted, laughed,
played and fought across these lands. 
eventually, the white man came and established his
government, secured most of the land, fought the
indians, where necessary, and used whatever means
available to force submission the u.s.
government's authority (not unlike what is
happening to the white man today).



the
outpost of freedom had become involved in indian
issues on two occasions. the first was the golden
hill paugeesukq tribe in colchester, connecticut.
shortly afterward, opf went to the
onondaga nation near
syracuse, new york.




verbicide is a form
of genocide to freedom and liberty. words were
very important for the conveyance of concepts. the
founders were meticulous in their expression of
concepts. many words, however, have had their
meanings changed by the educational process and
other societal methods, the effect being that we
have lost some of what we were. examples of the
words that have been used in this game of
verbicide are discussed.






hidden history is a
series of articles about historical events which
have been removed from the modern textbook. as
significant as some of them might be, one must be
left to wonder why these events have been
diminished, or removed from the government
controlled education of our youth.  realize,
if you would, that very few continue to study
history once they have left high school. oblivion,
then, is were these stories will be relegated to
-- if we don't reopen our books and our minds
--and regain the heritage that so many have fought
and died for.






laws is a
series of articles which look not at statutory
law, rather, at the purpose of and for law.
obviously, if laws are a part of society, there
must be a reason for them. in a dictatorship or
monarchy, they are to serve the master. but, what
of a nation of self-government? in this setting,
what purpose should laws serve?






committees of safety, dating from the sixteen
hundreds, created a foundation and standard of
self-government that was, eventually, embodied in
article iv, section 4 of the constitution for the
united states of america. the means by which our
founders established a government within a
government, allowing for the only revolution in
history which afforded a smooth transition of
power. now there is a committee of safety
homepage, and one in which you may
participate.






on may 1,
1997, ron
cole kept an appointment he had made to
discuss what was then happening in fort davis,
texas, with an fbi special agent. ron left the
meeting, and stepped into the waiting arms of
other fbi agents. he has been incarcerated in the
federal correctional facility in littleton,
colorado, since then. why was ron arrested?






on
october 2, 1992, donald scott was shot to death by
law enforcement officers. scott was in his own
home, having just woken up as thirty officers
raided his home. the purported crime -- growing
marijuana (300 plants), of which no evidence was
ever found. the ventura county district attorney
concluded that the death was a result of an over
zealous attempt to 'acquire' scott's property. the
da's report on the death of
donald scott is included, in its entirety.
read, and judge for yourself if law enforcement
and property seizure have become a formula for
murder.




the
journals of the outpost of
freedom is the story of the past four years --
from opf's beginnings through its many travels and
ordeals. in line links will jump you to stories
and articles referred to within the story. the
journals only covers a few months, at this time.
it will be continuously updated.




michael aquino was a lt. colonel in the united
states army (and, perhaps, a disgrace thereto)
stationed at the presidio. aquino's name had come
to my attention when i was covering the peter
tscherneff story back in 1993. it appeared the
aquino was very deeply involved in ritual child
abuse. there are many people who have had contact
with aquino, and, i'm sure, he and his satanic
church have many supporters. 












world 
war iii 



waco 
ii - serbia
world 
trade center





our military has been training soldiers with computer games as 
a part of the conditioning process. 
how effect is it?        
watch:






murder,
american style!








the
outpost of freedom homepage will be continually
updated. there are hundreds of pages to be scanned
and inserted, plus! there will be new writings, on
a regular basis.






outpost of freedom














web stats






