






american iris society






































 











 





















about about ais
leadership
history
regions & local clubs information
direct links to regions & local clubs
sections & cooperating societies
registration & checklists
awards & symposiums
donations

members membership & general information
youth membership
emembers
ais history
conventions
presentations
ais bulletin
ais storefront
exhibitions
judges

gardeners gardeners
looking for a club?
cultural information
care & classification care
classification
bearded irises
beardless irises

photo contest
why join ais

hybridizers iris registration
reserved names
calls for guest iris
advertising opportunities
bulletin advertising rates
hybridizers and commercial growers

resources iris encyclopedia – aka iris wiki
world of irises blog
webinars – ais youtube channel
ais facebook
ais instagram
archive
links
commercial directory
affiliate renewal
membership lookup

news








join/renew


emember login
































the american iris society



beautiful, colorful, and rewarding to grow
links to:
ais 2024 iris awards
iris encyclopedia






a passion for irises



“i have been growing irises for twenty years and they never cease to amaze me. my love affair with irises began…”


members



welcome to your website!
as an ais member, you are the driving force behind our organization.  whether you’re a club member, judge, club or regional officer or member at large, we have something for you. you will also find contacts for ais sections, cooperating societies, regions and affiliates.
read more


gardeners & enthusiasts



a warm welcome to you! 
you’ve found the perfect place for all your questions about growing, showing and loving irises.  the american iris society is an international organization of gardeners dedicated to advancing the interest and knowledge of irises.
read more


hybridizers & growers



welcome hybridizers and growers!
this area of the website has been created for you.  we’ve consolidated everything you need to register and advertise your creations. here you can find the registration information.target our print and online audience via our advertising opportunities.
read more








you can help



the american iris society is a nonprofit institution incorporated february 2, 1927, in the county of philadelphia, state of pennsylvania. by the terms of the charter, the corporation has no stockholders and exists for the sole purpose of promoting the culture and improvement of the iris.
​ais supports many exciting programs that need your help.  both as volunteers and by providing financial support.  learn more about donations with the donate button.  donations to ais are tax deductible to the extent allowable by law as the ais is a 501(c)(3) not-for-profit organization.


donate



 

 
email comments to *protected email*
updated 2/13/2025


 



© 2024 american iris society. 











 

































