


blue river nursery & landscaping | located in columbia city, in






















































blue river nursery


call us: 260.244.7420
today: open by appointment only | all hours


my account
gift certificates
items

4484 e hartman rd • columbia city, in 46725









home
services

our services
landscape design & installation
design & ship landscaping
nursery


products

available products
trees
evergreens
shrubs and bushes
flowers
grasses, vines and more
accessories


portfolio
store
blog we are now open for the 2024 season
support

customer service
planting and care guide
returns & replacements
how we ship
quality of our plants
frequently asked questions
helpful links


about

our history
why blue river
the team
customer testimonials


contact

 



 








create the gardens of which you always dreamed.
shop the nursery online
shop now











are you looking for that special plant?
visit our nursery to find the plants you are looking for.
learn more











come visit our nursery
find the plants you have been looking for!























landscapingservices


read blogfor tips


shop nurseryonline


why chooseblue river







blue river nursery & landscaping

we are far from your “typical” plant place or garden center. people tell us a visit to blue river nursery is the next best thing to visiting a botanical garden. whether you are landscaping your home or are a serious plant collector, we think you’ll really enjoy visiting our nursery and our on line store. we are a local grower of a large variety of trees, flowering shrubs, vines, dwarf conifers, japanese maples, and perennial flowers. many of our plants are unusual and difficult to find. additionally, we ship plants all over the entire country, except california, through our on line store.
abies alba ‘pendula’ and echinacea ‘red star’
blue river nursery is a local family owned business.  our staff designs and plants complete landscapes, including hardscapes such as patios with sitting walls, sidewalks and retaining walls. we are also enthusiastic about helping folks create their own small charming gardens.  let us know about your project and how we may serve you best. if you want to design and install your own landscape and gardens and you need a cool place to purchase your plants, we are the place you’ve been looking for!
we are located near columbia city in northeast indiana, 3 miles north of u.s. 30, between fort wayne, indiana and warsaw, indiana. we are easily accessible from auburn, huntington, new haven, and angola, indiana as well. we have had the pleasure of being able to host visitors from all over the country.

learn why to choose us







shop now for:





trees







evergreens







shrubs and bushes







flowers







grasses, vines and more







accessories




















nov05

thanks for an awesome 2022!!! we appreciate your business and look forward to helping you in the future.


if you would like to start planning your 2023 project. please contact shawn at 260-414-6213 and we will get the […]

by shawn locker |
				 0









jun26

new offerings!


while the summer has certainly taken off in quite the rush we are still trying to expand our horizons and […]

by shawn locker |
				 0



 








spring 2020 soft opening at blue river nursery
by shawn locker | 3/28/20




growing in the 20s
by shawn locker | 3/09/20




investment returns
by shawn locker | 9/02/18


read all articles











we couldn't be happier with the landscaping they designed and installed!

» kevin from warsaw













4484 e hartman rdcolumbia city, in 46725



260.244.7420



shawnlocker@gmail.com





helpful info
why choose us?
services we offer
reviews from customers
examples of our work
frequently asked questions
sitemap





site info

contact
terms of use
privacy policy


we're social!
 



sign up for updates
if you would like to receive our newsletter you can sign up now!








email address



first name



last name


subscribe
 









copyright © 2025, blue river nursery, all rights reserved.
web design in warsaw, in by 1eighty design







share










