




thebookwurm.com - home page


the lord is my shepherd;i shall not want. he maketh me to lie down in green pastures:he leadeth me beside the still waters.he restoreth my soul: he leadeth me in the paths of righteousness for his name's sake.     (psalm 23:1-3) my sheep hear my voice,and i know them, and they follow me:and i give unto them eternal life; and they shall never perish...     (john 10:27,28)is he your shepherd? or, do you lack peace and cannot find it? are you feeding on the good that he has for you?are you refreshed by the life which flows from him?  the way, that seemed right to me, led to death.yet, he mercifully rescued me, and gave mea new heart, to love him and his ways.  "come unto me... and rest..." he calls. come, meet him in his word, the book




welcome to . . .
thebookwurm.com
restart this site in secure mode (https://)- - - restart this site in insecure mode (http://)
this is a mirror site, to www.thebookwurm.org and www.thebookwurm.net
(see notes at page bottom, for site security differences.)
go direct to the book (in default '3 windows' viewing mode).
three alternate viewing modes are available, for mobile or non-frames compatible browsers. if the default viewing mode does not display correctly on your device, try these to find what works best for you:
three columns mode - start the book here.
three rows mode - start the book here.
note: the "home" buttons allow quick switch between any multi-window mode.
one page at a time - start the book here.
for more about these viewing modes, see 'frames help' on the help menu.
our name
our purpose
our publication: the book
for online use
for offline use (download)
our policies re: distribution
contact us





our name:
the last word first - 
the ''wurm'' in our name comes from the editor of this site, david wurm -
dave and his wife, mary ellen, are graduates of philadelphia college of bible, philadelphia, pa.  since then, they have made their home in alaska.  for more than a decade, dave served several small villages as a circuit riding pastor, traveling primarily by small aircraft.  in recent years, he has been active in bible preaching and teaching at churches in the fairbanks area. 
the rest of the story -
''the book'' refers to the book of books, the holy bible. this book tells us where we came from and where we are going. it introduces us to our creator and reveals his character and his plans for his creation. it shows us what separates us from a right relationship with him, and why our relationships with other people are so easily marred. this book explains the history and foretells the future concerning the nation of israel and the conflict that surrounds her. it points us to the one who came historically to save his people from their sins, and who will personally come again in the future to bring the salvation, which he has purchased, to its completion. this one is jesus of nazareth, the christ (or, the messiah), the savior of the world, and the lord (king) of those who belong to him. no one can afford to ignore him. it is no exaggeration to say that this book tells his story from cover to cover. so, now you know why we're called the book - wurm.

our purpose:
our troubled times raise questions that demand answers, such as:
why is the world full of suffering, hatred, and wars?
what is the source of conflict in the middle east? will there ever be a solution? 
where is israel's messiah? will we recognize him? how?
where is god in our troubled times? why doesn't he intervene in the affairs of men?
where did i come from? where am i going?
is there hope for someone like me, whose life is all messed up?
what will the holy god do with an impure sinner, like me?
what lies beyond the grave?
where can i find peace?
the answers to questions like these are found in god's word, the bible. therefore, the purpose of the book wurm is to make god's word known by producing, distributing, and facilitating further distribution of the bible and associated aids to understanding.

our publication:
the book - for online study - [ file revision date: january 1, 2025 ]
the above link will open 'the book' in the default '3 windows' viewing mode.
two alternate viewing modes are available, for mobile or non-frames compatible browsers. if the normal viewing mode does not display correctly on your device, try these to see what works best for you.one page at a time - start the book here.
3 columns mode - start the book here.
in any multiple window mode, the "home" buttons allow switching between modes.
for more about these viewing modes, see 'frames help' on the help menu.
the holy bible (kjv) in html format forms the foundation of this internet browser accessible publication. a number of resources interact with this platform, including notes (edited by dave) on key books of the bible which he has had opportunity to teach. this is a work in progress, since notes on additional books are being added as time permits. since, it is the editor's conviction that the bible is its own best commentary, the notes are intended to interconnect various passages to bring out the full meaning. related passages may be viewed in a multiple window page by clicking on cross reference links.

why not click on the link above and give it a trial run? (its free! everything on this site is offered ''without money and without price'' for the glory of god.) when you open the book, in the default mode, your browser should display three windows with a horizontal button bar above the top window. available resources include: introductory studies, notes on individual bible books, the entire bible, and a glossary of archaic english words (as used in the kjv bible).

here is a sampling of the resources which are included:
book notes - verse by verse studies of several bible books. for example:
psalms of the messiah (or the same study in 3 columns mode) -
a look at the person and work of the messiah as described in the book of psalms. these book study notes are included in the book and are accessed via the book notes button (or, click the link above).
understanding the bible - lessons and resources (or the same study in 3 columns mode) - 
these studies provide an overview of the bible and some of its major themes.
if you are looking for a doctrinal statement (what we believe) for this site, lesson #6 provides a brief summary.
these lessons are included in the book and are accessed via the resource menu button (or, click the link above).
other resources and publications available on the resource menu, such as:
bible text - lookup any passage in the bible by book and chapter.
glossary - find the definitions of many unusual or archaic words in the kjv bible.
christ in all the scriptures, by a.m. hodgkin
old testament reflections of christ, by paul r. van gorder
book notes - more detailed studies on several books of the bible.
rightly dividing the word of truth, by c.i. scofield
christ in the tabernacle, by w.w. rugh

our policies regarding distribution of ''the book'':
links, downloads and copyright-
these studies have been produced with the desire that the bible be clearly understood by as many people as possible. you may freely use, print, and distribute these materials, as long as you agree to the few limitations listed in our copyright statement. see ''copyright'' under the ''help'' button on the button bar of the book.

to facilitate electronic distribution (eg., from other websites) all files for the book are contained in one large directory (approx. 22 mb). the entire program is written in html and is compatible with most internet browsers. the start file is: go_bible.htm (see the .zip file instructions below.)

of course, you may add a link from your site to our site. here is coding for a typical html link: 
<a href="https://www.thebookwurm.com/go_bible.htm">link to the book</a>


you may also download ''the book'' complete with all of the resources on the website, through the link below:
the book.zip - download zip file - [ file revision date: january 1, 2025 ]

these files contain all of ''the book'' files in a compressed format to facilitate downloading to your harddrive (or removable drive) for later off-line access with any internet browser. file size is approximately 10 mb (compressed) and 22 mb (decompressed).[the zip file may be small enough to send to a friend via an email attachment.]

- - after downloading, the .zip file must be decompressed with a utility program such as pkunzip or winzip. (decompression utilities are readily available for most operating systems.) your decompression utility may ask you to choose or create a directory for the decompressed files. all program files will be decompressed into a single subdirectory (...\the_book\) in your chosen directory. [example: if you decompress to the root directory of your main harddrive (c:\...), this directory would be c:\the_book\.]

- - to start the program, click on the file 'go_book.htm' (in the directory ...\the_book\). this start file is provided outside of the main file directory to make it easier to find. for frequent access to 
the program on your harddrive, you may wish to bookmark this file on your browser's list of 'favorites'.

the directory also contains a readme.txt file and another subdirectory (...\the_book\the_book\). this second subdirectory contains all of the program files. another start file is included in this directory (...\the_book\the_book\go_bible.htm), to allow full function from a single directory, if required.


how to contact us -
via snail mail:the book wurm
po box 60207
fairbanks, ak 99706 (usa)
via phone/fax: 907-474-8980
via e-mail:
please assemble the address from the bold red characters in the following sentence:
address all correspondence to david who can be found @ either site named thebookwurm either .com or .org. (if one site happens to be down, you may be able to get through on the other.)
notes:
the above instructions concerning email, are intended to reduce automatic spam mail.
thebookwurm.com -- thebookwurm.org -- thebookwurm.net are mirror sites, hosted in different places. try an alternate site if download speed is slow, or if you experience difficulty accessing this site.
by default, links to thebookwurm.com and .org are https:// (secure), while links to thebookwurm.net are http:// (not secure).however, the .com, .org, and .net mirrors will all work in either mode.the material presented on this site does not require security. however, security may be a concern for privacy conscious users.if your browser will not open the site in the default mode, change the url to the other mode (http:// or https://), by adding or removing the "s" from the url line. the mode should remain unchanged during the session.

the content of this page and all related pages ©1995-2023 by thebookwurm.com.  all rights reserved.


