





























ics bermuda -  20 plus years experience in cloud and application hosting in bermuda

















                                email: info@icsbermuda.com

















































                                        home 
                                    



                                        services 
                                        




                                                desktop as a service
                                            



                                                desktop virtualization
                                            



                                                cyber security
                                            





                                        contact
                                    
























20+ years experience in cloud and application hosting in bermuda 
 
citrix replacement
no consulting cost
free pentest report for on premises network
soc 1 type ii and soc 2 type ii data center.










































the simplest virtual desktop solution for businesses

evolution cloud makes it incredibly easy to deploy cloud-hosted virtual windows desktops in less than 24 hours. our fully managed virtual desktop solution provides small business owners and it managers more time to focus on core business initiatives.
our virtual cloud desktop service is cost-efficient, fast, and scalable. unlike other popular offerings, evolution does not require in-depth training or certifications to deploy cloud desktops.










our virtual desktop solutions are perfect for:









account firms

account firms wants to host the accounting application for fraction of cost without any it expertise 








business owners

who want to use cloud hosted desktops to enable employees to work from home on their own devices without compromising security








it managers

looking to move their desktop infrastructure to the cloud, cut vdi costs and simplify it management 








managed service providers

looking to add a cost effective, high margin virtual desktop solution and offering to their cloud service portfolio 


















100+ bermuda based customers

over the 20 plus years, our scalable cloud solution has served over 100 plus bermuda base business customers. thanks to our solid partnerships with livenet and worldwide recognized datacenters and our unique distributed architecture, we can offer cloud pcs to businesses of any size anywhere around the world.


                                    download our app
                                    











































the best pc desktop replacement is virtual desktop software on thin client





equip your workforce with enterprise-grade virtual workspaces. push further the benefits of a virtual desktop solution without any compromises. reduce spending on employee devices and simplify device management by replacing desktop computers with raspberry pi zero clients.














valuable services

our most popular articles to help you understand how cloud desktops are beneficial for your business







desktop virtualization


desktop virtualization is simply the concept of replacing traditional physical desktop environments with remotely controlled computing environments.
read more







application virtualization


application virtualization refers to a software technology that lets its consumers use an application from a different device than the one on which it is actually installed.
read more







vdi-as-a-service


to seamlessly adopt a vdi, many in-house it teams are required to continually deploy, maintain, and manage the vdi environment. this is a highly sophisticated task for most in-house it teams
read more












cloud desktop tailored for your needs

a fully-integrated virtual cloud desktop service tailored for businesses. total technical support included; no it skills required




bermuda and global datacenters
we partner with worldwide high-tech datacenters so your users have fast access to cloud pcs wherever they are located.





technical know-how
you don't need to be tech-savvy to set up virtual machines in the cloud. our technical support team will assist you 7 days a week.





accessible pricing
say goodbye to monthly consultancy cost , hidden fees and long-term contracts.  affordable quickbooks and application hosting. the price you see is the price you pay. price start as low as $50 per month





fully-integrated
our virtual desktop solution includes all you need from secure remote access, daily backups, antivirus protection and 24/7 monitoring.
























frequently asked questions







                                            what is a virtual desktop solution?
                                        

a virtual desktop is similar to a normal computer desktop, but everything is on a software package and runs on a cloud server. multiple virtual desktops can be run on a single server, which eases the collaboration between users and reduces costs. a virtual desktop solution is a way of deploying multiple virtual desktops similar to a virtual desktop infrastructure (vdi).





                                            how do i create a virtual desktop?
                                        

creating a virtual desktop can be difficult and depending on the provider you’re with, it can require it skills and certifications. that’s different with evolution virtual desktop services—you can create a virtual desktop in 20 minutes. simply create an account, build your virtual desktop in the cloud, and after 20 minutes you can start using it..





                                            how much do virtual desktops cost?
                                        

as an it product, a virtual desktop’s price depends on the number of user licenses and resources consumption (cpu and ram). our basic pricing cost around $50 usd per user. the way pricing works is that you’re paying for a package of computing resources, for example, 2 cpus and 8 gb of ram. those resources are shared on the cloud desktop and you’re paying an individual price per user license. however, if you have users located in different countries, you might need to use dedicated virtual desktops where you cannot share resources.





                                            is virtual desktop safe?
                                        

virtual desktops are notoriously safe because your data never leaves the cloud. virtual desktop solutions are usually safer than a physical desktop. since no business data is stored on the physical machine, multiple layers of security and encryptions are built-in with cloud desktops. multifactor authentication(mfa) and single sign-on(sso) on a cloud pc are protecting end-users way more than mixing personal data with business data on a physical desktop.
















reach us



ics phone number: 1-441-2953806
evolution support # 1-441-4055000



support@evolution.bm



                                    #1 burnaby street, hm, bermuda
                                





services links


 desktop as a services


 desktop virtualization


 cyber security






support & help


 tech support


 faq questions


 24/7 support



 security






contact us










































