  csm | a global sport and entertainment agency





we've moved!

we’ve moved! csm was recently acquired by wasserman so you can now head to www.teamwass.com to see our latest news, views and work.                        however, in the middle east, we will remain as csm in the short-term so please continue to visit csm.com if you’re based in this region.

visit teamwass.com

cookieswe use cookies in accordance with our privacy policy in order to analyse your preferences and improve your experience on the website. if you click accept and continue browsing, you accept the use of cookies.
accept
decline






 

 

 

 about usservicesour worknews & viewscareerscontact

 

 

 

 
a global sport & entertainment agencywe pursue extraordinary






















delivering for our clients


sc30,inc.1.1 billionworldwide media impressions



hbomax290kestimated total reach



majorleaguebaseball87%sell-out crowd



expo2020dubai126,000 sqmof branding installed



taylormade136%higher click rate than industry average

more of our work






how we can helpwe are a fully integrated agency, meeting our clients’ needs with the whole range of marketing services. from communications and content creation to experiential and events, we provide the solution.specialising in sport and entertainment, we bring partnerships to life for brands and rights holders, and create unforgettable experiences for our clients. we are committed to shaping our industry, using our expertise to deliver work that is meaningful, memorable and measurable.

find out more                        the latest from team csmour latest webinar, ‘formula 1: building a sport for gen z and beyond’, focused on the intersection of f1 and culture, how that expanded and evolved the sport’s fan base, and why that piqued the interest of consumer-facing brands.hosted live on zoom by lawrence barretto, f1 correspondent & presenter, the panel consisted of lucy owen – associate director, csm, gregory hall – chief marketing officer, moneygram international, and pedro cebrian – head of social media & content, scuderia ferrari.

watch here                                    the weekend project: women's football fandomfrom ticket sales to tv audiences and everything in between, the fifa women’s world cup 2023 was a record-shattering tournament. another high-water mark for a sport where the sky truly is the limit.so, what does the future hold for women’s football, and what role can fans and the media play in shaping that future? through our weekend project study into modern football fandom, we put those questions to a few devoted followers of the game so we could hear, first hand, from those who matter most.

read more                                    extraordinary tales: sandra sternin the latest episode of extraordinary tales, lionsgate’s sandra stern – a titan of the tv world, discusses her remarkable story in service to the small screen.from bringing mad men to audiences across the world, to the constant curiosity that shaped her
remarkable career, tune in for the inside scoop on all things television.

listen here                                    


















let's talklike what you see? get in touch to find out how we can help you.

contact us                        




subscribe to our newsletter







regionamericasapaceuropemiddle east & africa

organisation typebrandrights holder / propertymedia owner / publisheragencyother


i agree to the privacy policy

by registering, you acknowledge that csm will send you our newsletter by email. you can opt out at any time by clicking unsubscribe.

sign me up
quicklinkshomepageabout usservicesour worknews & viewscareerscontactfollow us

 instagram


 facebook


 twitter


 linkedin
policiesprivacy policyccpa privacy noticegender pay gapmodern slavery statementsterms of use & site mappolicies & terms© 2025 csm



  




