










rococo restaurant & bar | okc seafood restaurant - food is love


































































menu
catering & events
homeland
about us
contact
 


select page


  
 
 













reservations


















rococo western

home chef rino

at rococo, food is love…and we adore serving that love to you, our wonderful customers. we appreciate the uniqueness of each person who walks through our doors. so we designed our new western location and menu with you in mind. whether it be the freshest seafood from new england, clams and muscles, lobster roll, or our famous crab cake, we know you will love what our team has planned for you! so come enjoy a special dining experience in a comfortable environment as we celebrate your strengths, your unique personality, your magnificence…you.

welcome to western. much love!

meet the chefs











testimonials

what people are saying







“great atmosphere”

"one of the best restaurants in okc. fantastic wine selection. had one of the steaks and it was excellent. the appetizers had very large portions and served four easily. great atmosphere."
 google





“fine dining with a personal touch”

"one of - if not the - finest restaurant in okc. the food is phenomenal, and the service is unparalleled."
 yelp





“first time”

"first time eating here. everyone, from the wait staff to the customers, was very friendly. the meatballs were outstanding and the crab cake was the best i have ever had in okc!!"
 opentable





"10 stars"

"delicious food, great atmosphere, impeccable service. if i could rate it 10 stars, i would. we will definitely be back next time we visit okc."
 facebook



 










reserve a table at rococo western















rococo western 4308 n. western ave. okc, ok 73118 405-400-7495



rococo emails






name


first



last

email(required)

birthday

mm slash dd slash yyyy


 



















monday – thursday11a – 10p 



friday 11a – 11p 



saturdaybrunch 11a – 3pdinner 3p – 11p



sundaybrunch 11a – 3pdinner 3p – 10p



 



























































































menu
catering & events
homeland
about us
contact
 














 


































