





  




the beach terrace motor inn, wildwood motel





















































































beach terrace motel







menu
home
amenities

the bar


2 room suites
rates
directions
gallery
wildwood motels

isle of palms motel
caprice motel
quarterdeck motel
















beach terrace motel















welcome to the beach terrace motor inn, wildwood nj


2-room suites that sleep up to 6
private balconies with ocean views
central air conditioning
call 609-522-8100


the beach terrace motor inn, wildwood’s family resort, offers the finest accommodations and the best value for the perfect family vacation.

restaurant and lounge on property!



the wildwood motel with all the best amenities!
the beach terrace wildwood motel is located in the center of wildwood, one block away from the world famous wildwood boardwalk, located next to morey’s piers and raging waters. the 2.5 mile boardwalk is home to a plethora of arcades, italian and greek cuisine, ice cream and family food, fun t-shirt stores, gift shops, and the wildwood boardwalk mall. take a ride on our memorable tram car or indulge yourself by eating some of wildwood’s famous salt water taffy and fudge from many its historic stores.
the beach terrace wildwood motel provides oceanfront balconies for you to enjoy the direct view of our fun-filled boardwalk and sandy beaches. the beach terrace motor inn has free wi-fi, a night club, and outdoor pool area for your enjoyment. every room comes equipped with two tv’s, outdoor balconies, refrigerator, microwave, two or more beds and tiled floors. efficiencies with kitchens are also available. several of wildwood’s restaurants and pizzerias are located near our hotel ready to deliver food to you at a moment’s notice, as well as a bowling alley two blocks away.
the wildwood convention center is located several blocks away from the beach terrace wildwood motel and one block away from pacific ave. three of wildwood’s most popular amusement piers and water parks are located nearby, including morey’s mariner pier and splash zone.










 
3400 atlantic avenue, wildwood, nj 08260
for reservations
call today!
(609) 522-8100
toll free: 1-800-841-8416
fax: (609)-729-3336
beachterraceinn@aol.com
reserve now!
prom specials!
call today!

easily walk to:

morey's piers
splash zone waterpark
surfside pier
raging waters waterpark
adventure pier
mariner's pierocean oasis waterpark
visit morey's piers

 


















copyright © 2025 · all rights reserved · beach terrace motel
maui website design by tradewind grpahics · log in



 









































