




























speciality chemical suppliers | innovation through formulation | azelis



skip to main contenttopnewsinsightsworking at azeliscontactsearchmain navigationabout azelis

regions

markets

services

investor relations

about azelisazelis does much more than move goods. we move markets forward. breaking new ground in our technical laboratories by combining ingredients with ideas and creating opportunities through innovation.our companyour purposeour valuessustainabilityawards and recognitionsazelis digitaltimeline of expansionhistorysheqour peopleleadership & corporate governancecareersour regionswith more than 4,200 colleagues and an extensive network of 70+ laboratories and research centers, our global reach is built upon a regional focus on creating formulations that meet specific local demands.americasasia pacificemeaour markets at azelis we encourage entrepreneurial thinking in every area of our business. our innovative zeal is reflected in the outstanding quality and cutting-edge solutions we deliver in life sciences and industrial chemicals.life sciencesanimal nutritionfood & nutritionhome care & industrial cleaningpersonal carepharmaceuticals & healthcareagricultural & environmental solutionsindustrial chemicalscaseelectronicsessential chemicalsfine chemicalslubricants & metalworking fluidsoilfieldother applicationsadvanced materials & additivestextiles, leather & paperour brandsour brands in the americasour servicestogether with our more than 63,000 customers, we provide effective, sustainable and reliable business solutions, developing innovative ways to create value.servicescustomer portalapplication laboratoriesinternational supply chainazelis turkey academysampling servicereach customer serviceazelis' value propositionglobal industry leaderleader in innovation, sustainability and digitalizationresilient business modelshareholder informationtransparency notificationsstock informationshare price chartshareholder tableshare buyback programauthorized capitalcorporate governancearticles of associationshareholders meetingcorporate governance chartercode of conductremuneration policyreports & presentationsanalyst coveragekey financialsipo cornerfinancial newsregulated informationesg - sustainability at azeliscontact
    customer portal
  menuimpact through ideas. innovation through formulation.azelis is a leading innovation service provider in the specialty chemicals and food ingredients industrytouching the lives of people everywhereour commitments to the wider community.innovationbeing a specialty distributor of chemicals and food ingredients, we’re now a fully integrated and leading innovative service provider. with innovation and collaboration at our heart, we believe anything is possible.application laboratoriessampling and evaluationreach compliance managementinternational supply chain.marketsazelis services fifteen specific markets worldwide, bringing high-quality products, technical expertise and local service support to each. our international team is united in its hunger and humility. collaborating across 70+ laboratories to be a benchmark for innovation. a focus for ambitious brands. and a catalyst that helps our customers to solve challenges and improve lives.life sciencesindustrial chemicals.customer portalthe azelis customer portal is a connected experience that inspires you with trends and inspirational content for your selected markets, linking you to formulations, products, and related documentation. from one digital experience you can order samples, request quotes and reorder products from azelis.register at explore.azelis.comvisit the customer portal .sustainabilityat azelis we are committed to maintaining high human, environmental and ethical values. that is only possible thanks to the cooperation with local communities, with industry bodies, authorities, and/or regulators and with you. our sustainability programour 2023 integrated reportour sustainability policyemployment opportunities working at azeliswe embrace change as an invaluable opportunity to grow, learn and become even better at what we do. as do our people. azelis currently employs more than 4,200 talented individuals in 65 countries. and counting. working at azelis talent mobility azelis launches 'impact 2030' to drive sustainable solutions and lead the industry through sustainability excellencenewsazelis launches 'impact 2030' to drive sustainable solutions and lead the industry through sustainability excellenceazelis’ leadership in sustainability acknowledged with an improved sustainalytics rating of 11.7news14 january 2025azelis’ leadership in sustainability acknowledged with an improved sustainalytics rating of 11.7azelis announces partnership with aak for personal care in south koreanews12 december 2024azelis announces partnership with aak for personal care in south koreamore eventsmore newswe are azelis together with our more than 63,000 customers we provide effective, sustainable and reliable business solutions, developing innovative ways to create value.  we are knowledgeable, focused, entrepreneurial. we are azelis.work with uswe currently employ more than 4,200 people across the world in 65 countries. we value highly competent, forward-looking people. are you looking to work for a highly dynamic and innovative company where you can unravel your talent? then you’re in the right place.discover our career opportunitiescorporate social responsibilitywe take our responsibilities seriously and work with employees and stakeholders to reduce the environmental impact of our work and to improve the social value in what we do, wherever we get the opportunity.against slavery and human traffickingwe are committed to ensuring modern slavery does not take place within our business or supply chains. learn more
    we provide high quality raw materials, sourced from leading global manufacturers. our technical team can provide you with sampling, formulation and expertise.  
          industrial chemicals
        
      advanced materials & additives  
      case  
      electronics  
      essential chemicals  
      fine chemicals  
      lubricants & metal working fluids  
      oilfield  
      other applications  
      textiles, leather & paper  
          life sciences
        
      agricultural & environmental solutions  
      animal nutrition  
      food & nutrition  
      home care & industrial cleaning  
      personal care  
      pharmaceuticals & healthcare  locationswe represent leading global manufacturers, in more than 65 countries around the world, and 70+ labs and technical centers dedicated to the market segments we deliver to. americasemeaasia pacificactive in
               
            countriesdedicated to a market segment
               
            labsworldwide
               
            customersabout azelisour missionour valuesawardscareerssustainabilityour brandshistoryleadershipservicesapplication laboratoriesinternational supply chainsampling service customer portalreach customer servicemarketslife sciencesanimal nutritionfood & nutritionhome care & industrial cleaningpersonal carepharmaceuticals & healthcareagricultural & environmental solutionsindustrial chemicalscaseelectronicsessential chemicalsfine chemicalslubricants & metal working fluidsother applicationsadvanced materials & additivestextiles, leather & paperoilfieldinvestorsfinancial newsreports & presentationsinnovation through formulationcopyright © 2025. all rights reserved.legal menucookie statementprivacy statementterms & conditionsoverlay.closemain navigationabout azelisregionsmarketsservicesinvestor relations
    customer portal
  topnewsinsightsworking at azeliscontact english




