 







exodock dental it – specialized i.t. services for dental clinics















































































 







 












 

 





 


  about

  





back




our story






the team






giving back










  what we do

  





back




services






products










  who we serve

  





back




client stories










  education

  





back




events & webinars






case studies






sales rep resources






installer resources










  contact

  





back




get in touch!






get support






client login














 connect with us! 

  

  

  

  

 support 







 






 
slide 2seamless integrationof your dental technologiesslide 6protect your precious patient dataand ensure you're compliantslide 3stress-free i.t. so you can enjoy your timein and away from the clinicslide 5secure your precious patient dataand ensure you're compliantslide 4specialized i.t. servicesfor dentists who want the bestslide 3eliminate downtime and maximize productionwith i.t. products as dependable as you are 









 





 we're exodock. nice to meet you!

exodock is a family-owned canadian dental i.t. company, and we're on a mission to eliminate the stress and risk of i.t. for dentists across the world!

all exodock products and services are specifically designed for dental clinics, and provided by our highly experienced in-house dental tech support team. we offer a concierge service and provide one point of contact for all of your dental i.t. needs!

find out if we could be your concierge i.t. service...











 meet some top docs who use the best in dental tech

meet some top dentists who've implemented the best in dental technology... learn a little about them, their clinics, and see what they have to say about working with us!









 



 






all membershr & accountssales & marketingit support 



 

dr. jarred soon
dr. soon family dentistry
 “our clinic has been using exodock’s services for over 5 years, and i am happy to say we have had no network downtime since we implemented the exodock system and tech support services. i cannot stress enough how much i value the peace of mind in knowing that our patient info is securely stored and backed up, and my it support is always well looked after.”    dr. jarred soon's full exodock review  "our  





 

dr. leanne ball
ball family dental
 “the exodock team is exceptionally responsive with their it support and are able to solve any problems we have remotely, without having to make expensive onsite visits, or take up valuable office time. the entire exodock team is very friendly and courteous, and seem to thrive on delivering the very best technology and related services to their clients.”    dr. leanne ball's full exodock review  "ever  





 

dr. peter watson
cornerstone family dental
 “i would absolutely recommend any dental office to use this exodock system. it has allowed me to sleep easy, knowing that my computers and digital information is secure. as any new office owner knows, there can be a lot of problems with anything digital. but exodock has made it extremely easy to get through any of these issues. new owners have way too much to stress about. computers and it will not be one of those issues with exodock.”    dr. peter watson's full exodock review  "when  





 

dr. ethan zuker
mahogany pediatric dentistry
 “i have been using exodock since 2020 and i couldn’t be happier. the in-house server and private cloud server backup gives me peace of mind knowing that my patients’ records are safe and secure, and the technical support that exodock offers is stellar. exodock is constantly improving an already amazing system. i highly recommend them for start-ups and existing dental offices.”    dr. ethan zuker's full exodock review  "i  





 

dr. tim toohey
bellevue dental group
 “the folks at exodock have a wonderful product, they are diligent working through challenges, vigilant in their monitoring, and their quick responsiveness to periodic questions has exceeded my expectations. exodock provides excellence with the critical it infrastructure today’s dental practices require.”    dr. tim toohey full exodock review  "i  


















 




how can we help you? 












currently operational clinic?

experience a new level of i.t. service with exodock.

new clinic build?

we can guide you through the process so it's done right from the very start!

let's connect!

• call us at 1-833-exodock (1-833-396-3625)

• drop us a message

• book a one-on-one zoom call:

book a consultation!








regional and national partners

 
our sister company, now provides r&d in the dental industry for exodock. current avalon global clients can find information on becoming an exodock client here!
 










 




            ©
        2025
    exodock inc.
            


 

  

  

  







 

			get in touch!					

 
let's connect!

call us

1-833-exodock (1-833-396-3625)

zoom meeting




book a one-on-one zoom



drop your info, we'll call you!
name * :email * :clinic name :phone :

connect on social



 


 























