



 

carmel mission | carmel mission








































































































donate






mass and events
sacraments

baptism
faith formation

first reconciliation & first communion
confirmation
first communion registration


marriage

weddings
wedding inquiry form
wedding permission form


sacrament of reconciliation
sacrament of the sick


our parish community

parish ministries
parishioner resources
join our parish


visit us

plan your visit
visitor guidelines
mission store
photography/videography policy
must-see at the mission
accessibility
map and guide


support the mission

giving
annual ministry appeal
planned giving
legacy society faq


weekly bulletins



 












welcome to carmel mission basilica
a place of worship, education, history, and art

mass schedule
visit us




 















mass & events
join us for worship and parish events
view schedule







parishioner resources
carmel mission’s virtual parish office
get involved







weddings at carmel mission
celebrate the sacraments of marriage
plan your wedding







plan your visit
we welcome your visit to historic carmel mission
get started







bulletins
stay up-to-date on parish activities and events
download  bulletins







mission store
discover the wide array of available gifts and operating hours
explore the store





 









carmel mission isn’t just  a place. it’s an experience.
immerse yourself in a world where faith, history, art, and culture come alive. the stunning carmel mission invites you to explore its storied grounds, journey into the past with a visit to our museums, and marvel at the extraordinary collection art and religious artifacts.

plan your experience 
treasures of the mission




 









become part of the enduring story of  carmel mission.
two centuries ago, the carmel mission was in ruins. thanks to the generosity of countless people, it rose from the ashes to become a symbol of hope, faith and community. today, we are reminded it will take the continued generosity of countless more to ensure the mission's legacy continues for generations to come.
write your chapter now.
join the carmel mission legacy society

create your legacy here








 






mass videos





live stream
mass is live-streamed each sundays at 9:00 a.m., pt. 
click here to watch the livestream. 







previous week’s mass

previous mass live streams 






 














address
3080 rio road, carmel, california 93923

contact
831.624.1271
reception@carmelmission.org




join our parish
visit us
mission store and hours
weddings
mass and events
live stream mass
support us
weekly bulletins





sign up for weekly bulletins receive our bulletin, each week, right in your inbox.




















by subscribing you agree to with our privacy policy.




© 2025 roman catholic bishop of monterey. all rights reserved.


privacy policycookies settings




 

























donate now




parishioner resources



 





“introduction to deeper prayer”  



a pre-lenten talk on prayer with fr. joe lallysunday, february 23 at 3:00 pm in the basilica. 



ash wednesday 



mass and distribution of ashes in the basilicawednesday, march 5 at 12:00 pm 








click to view our lent and easter schedule



 












mass schedule  



outdoor seating will be available, weather permitting. entrance to mass through the rio road and parish lots.saturday masses5:30 p.m. – vigil mass in the basilicasunday masses 9:00 a.m. – mass in the basilica11:00 a.m. – mass in the basilicawednesday, thursday & friday noon masses12:00 p.m. – in the blessed sacrament chapelsaturday, sacrament of reconciliation9:00 a.m. – confessions in the blessed sacrament chapelplease click here for details about attending mass. 











view live mass video 




 





download the latest bulletin 



 






 





fifth sunday in ordinary time, 2025 



february 8, 2025 




 









 












visit the mission store, 
museum, and grounds 



the carmel mission is an active parish.  kindly be advised, access to the basilica may be  limited due to weddings, services, or special events.hours of operationmonday and tuesday: closedwednesday and thursday: 10:00 a.m. – 4:00 p.m.friday and saturday: 10:00 a.m. – 5:00 p.m.sunday: 11:30 a.m. – 5:00 p.m. 



mission grounds close 15 minutes before store. 











plan your visit 



ready to learn more about what the mission offers? want to begin planning your visit? we’re here to help. 






start here






























