





















nefcom communications - phone and internet service



























































	do not use doxo to pay your bill!!! doxo will impose additional fees and cannot guarantee when payments will arrive. please use the payment portal under my account on this page.






















 residential



 bundles
 phone only
 internet only




 business



 bundles
 phone only
 internet only




 fiber map
 about us
 contact us
 my account



 payment portal
 email login








 
 
 












upgrade today!




	higher internet speeds now available. up to 500mbps.

















mesh wifi, better wifi




	a modern wifi solution that meets the needs of the modern home.




learn about mesh wifi















movie nights really pop




	on nefcom's high speed internet.














































bundle



save with bundles!




	bundling your services allows you to have all the features you want at a price you can afford.




customize your services the way you want
enjoy price guarantees on our most popular bundles
bundle and save



learn about bundles 








































phone



phone service




	reliable phone services at affordable prices.




unlimited calling plans
unlimited elc plans
choose from over 25 calling features



learn about phone 


 new 10 digit dialing rule





×

area code overlay approved for the florida 904 area code





	the florida public service commission has approved an area code overlay to ensure a continuous supply of telephone numbers in the 904 area code region, covering northeast florida, including jacksonville and surrounding areas. the overlay involves adding the new 324 area code to the same geographic area currently served by the 904 area code. the new dialing procedure will require callers to dial the area code followed by the telephone number for all calls within the 904 area code and the new 324 area code. the change will be implemented in stages, with the new dialing procedure becoming effective on july 31, 2023. from january 29, 2024, onwards, the area code + telephone number must be dialed for all calls, and starting february 26, 2024, new telephone lines or services may be assigned numbers with the 324 area code. to adapt to the overlay, individuals and businesses need to update their dialing equipment, websites, stationery, advertising materials, and other items to include the area code. existing telephone numbers, call rates, coverage areas, and dialing procedures for emergency and information services will remain the same. for more information, contact nefcom or visit the florida public service commission's website.



















































internet



internet only deals




	looking to get internet without a landline? we offer internet only deals! our high speed internet provides fast access to shopping, healthcare, education, as well as family and friends, without ever leaving the comforts of your own home.




flexibility to choose internet only
deals starting at $79.95
up to 500mbps



learn about internet only 




























































trust the locals with your business phone and internet services



business








	your business is too important to trust to just anyone.




reliable service
people you know and trust
flexibility to meet your needs



learn about business services 



















why nefcom?










	nefcom is responsible to the communities in which we live and work because our customers are also our friends, neighbors, and community partners. this responsibility compels us to provide our customers with the highest quality telecommunications services and reliable internet access at reasonable prices.

















account help





 email settings




sign in now




 payment portal


 email login


 e-scout login




repair




 request repair






support




 online directory


 lifeline support


 lifeline forms


 lifeline faq


 regulatory/legal


 acceptable usage policy


 call completion issues


 network management policy






residential services




 internet only


 telephone


 bundles


 whole home wifi




business services




 internet only


 telephone


 bundles






local links





 nefcom history


 current weather


 local news




tools






 speed test


 remote assistance
























	
	© 2022 nefcom communications. all rights reserved



























