





inter-tribal council of nevada – non-profit and governing body of the 28 tribal nations of the state of nevada















































































































homeour programsour executive boarditcn bylawsour annual conventionconvention programconvention eventsregistrationlodgingitcn convention sponsorsconvention workshop descriptionsconvention overviewexhibitorssponsor opportunitiescall for presentersjob opportunitiesdonatecontact us




facebook
twitter














inter-tribal council of nevada

who we are

itcn is a 501(c)3 non-profit organization and governing body of the 28 tribal nations throughout the state of nevada…

more info






our servicesitcn provides resources, support and services to 28 tribal communities throughout the state of nevada


explore more







women, infant & children
itcn wic provides supplemental foods, health care referrals, and nutrition education for qualified pregnant, breastfeeding/non-breastfeeding postpartum women and toinfants and children up to age 5.

know more




child care development fund
itcn ccdf provides child care payment assistance and encourages and promotes safe, healthy, nurturing, and high-quality early learning environments for ai/an children. itcn ccdf currently provides support, resources and assistance to 14 of nevada’s tribes and urban areas, including reno, sparks, carson city and las vegas.

know more




head start
itcn head start program includes free nutritious meals; vision hearing, physical dental and nutritional assessments; mental health and other services for children and families with disabilities. at its core, head start provides all children with kindergarten readiness skills.

know more




family violence prevention 

itcn fvpp provides assistance to victims of domestic violence, sexual assault, elder abuse, child abuse, and dating violence. services and resources include; emergency shelter, food, clothing, transportation, legal assistance, and assistance with completing applications for services.

know more




native workforce development
the itcn native workforce development program (nwd) is federally funded on a four-year cycle. the purpose of the program is to support employment and training for native americans to: develop more academic, occupational and literacy skills; to make individuals more competitive in the workforce and to equip them with entrepreneurial skills necessary for successful self-employment; and promote economic and social development in communities.

know more




aoa elders

itcn aoa offers the delivery of home and community-based supportive services, including nutrition services to native american and alaska native elders, as well as, support and resources for family and caregivers.

know more














february 2025


m
t
w
t
f
s
s




 12


3456789


10111213141516


17181920212223


2425262728
 



« oct
 
 




contact us

(775) 355-0600
info@itcn.org 






recent news

itcn convention snapshot
itcn convention workshop presenter form
itcn convention sponsor letter





inter-tribal council of nevada is a non-profit 501(c)3 organization, and donations are tax deductible to the full extent allowed by law.  
















