



























flooring & material solutions | beaulieu international group
































    skip to main content
  




































































































          our b.i.g. story
                        






                  sustainability
                



                  our organisation
                



                  offices & plants
                





          our solutions
                        






                  flooring solutions
                



                  engineered solutions
                



                  polymers
                





          careers
                  



          news & events
                  



          press room
                  



          contact us
                  











                search
             








                  close search
                





    search
      










      en
        






dutch


french


german







            hamburger
          

























shaping sustainable living, together


as a global family business, we develop and co-create – in an innovative, entrepreneurial and sustainable way - flooring and material solutions to enhance the quality of living and working for every generation.


get to know us


















































everyone is a reshaper

at b.i.g., the imperative of a sustainable future is emphasized, with the belief that it must be collectively shaped by all employees. this involves reshaping processes, behaviors, and societal norms, aiming for less energy, water, and waste consumption while ensuring safety and ethical sourcing. 
and we believe everyone at b.i.g. can contribute! discover the testimonials from our reshapers here.


more information








0






news & events

b.i.g. is always by your side.
discover the latest news and events to stay up to date with our activities.








 











corporate



warning!  notification email impersonation cyber incident with fake @bintgnv.com mail address


recently we received a notification from one of our partners that they have received an email supposedly from b.i.g.'s procurement department, requesting a quote.  




        read the story
      







 











corporate



sustainable or just marketing? why false sustainability claims harm consumers and the planet


in a world where consumers are increasingly prioritizing sustainability, companies are under pressure to show their environmental commitment. but not all green claims are what they seem. greenwashing—or falsely presenting products as eco-friendly or sustainable—poses a real threat, not only to consumer trust but to the entire movement toward a sustainable future. nele cattoor, product compliance and regulatory affairs manager at beaulieu, sheds light on the tactics used in greenwashing, how consumers can spot them, and what companies and governments can do to keep sustainability honest and impactful.




        read the story
      







 











corporate



b.i.g. paves the way for a more sustainable industry at the annual sustainability forum


today, beaulieu international group (b.i.g.) hosted its sustainability forum: “stepping stones to a sustainable future” at the experience center in wielsbeke. this event brought together partners, clients, and industry peers to discuss how collaboration can help the industry become a driving force behind a green transformation.




        read the story
      







 











polymers



distriplast celebrates first corrugated sheets made from 100% recycled materials 


this week, the team at the distriplast factory in dunkerque, france, came together to celebrate a remarkable achievement. ahead of schedule, they successfully established a production line that manufactures pp corrugated sheets made entirely from recycled materials. 




        read the story
      







 











corporate
press release



new ceo for beaulieu international group


beaulieu international group (b.i.g.) announces the appointment of its new ceo, mr. jean-baptiste de ruyck. this important step marks a new era of leadership and stability for the company.




        read the story
      









      discover more news & events
    














our solutions
beaulieu international group is organised into three major business units: flooring solutions (finished products), engineered solutions (semi-finished products) and polymers (raw materials).

explore our extensive product range and find the best solution for your business.

discover our solutions















our b.i.g. story

since our founding in 1959, we have continuously built on our future.
true to our roots as a family business, our employees, innovation and sustainability are at the heart of our activities.


delve into our story
































working at b.i.g.

b.i.g. things are waiting for you!
we are constantly looking for new talent to reinforce our global family.
discover our numerous job opportunities or apply spontaneously for a career at b.i.g.



your career starts here


























curious? feel free to take a look around!



























got any questions?
send us a message!
get in touch with us or one of our businesses

get in touch































































































        beaulieu international group
        kalkhoevestraat 16 box 0.1
        be-8790 waregem
      

t
+32 56 62 59 00


e
info@bintg.com




menu



              our b.i.g. story
            



              our solutions
            



              news & events
            



              press room
            



              careers
            



              contact us
            






follow us









twitter










facebook










linkedin











instagram











youtube








copyright © 2025 beaulieu international group
all rights reserved




          cookie policy 
                  



          privacy policy
                  



          raise a concern
                  





























