spinal cord injury information pages       
skip to main contentquadriplegic, paraplegic and caregiver resourceshome
health issues
autonomic dysreflexia
bladder management
bowel management
skin management
skin & pressure sores
skin & pressure sores ii
range of motion exercises
urinary tract infections
other health issues

sci information
the spinal cord & column
anatomy of the spine
sci facts and statistics
sci levels & classification
sci functional goals
spinal cord injury fact sheets
spinal cord injury faq
glossary of sci terms

help & assistance
choosing a rehab. facility
support & financial assistance
hospitals & rehabilitation centers
top rehabilitation hospitals
disability benefits
legal resources
traveling with sci

resources
adaptive equipment
medical supplies & equipment
sci clinical trials
sci research studies
surveys & petitions
spinal cord injury books
sci resources by state
spinal cord injury model systems
spinal cord injury organizations
international sci organizations
spinal cord injury research
online communities
personal websites

sci news
more
contact
advertise
submit a site
policies and disclaimers
spinal cord injury information pagesthis site is a free and informative resource for those living with a spinal cord injury or other disabling injuries or diseases of the spine. it is meant to be a “best of the web” site for sci health and caregiver information. visit regularly for updated resources, news and more. if you know of something that should be added, such as a good resource site, news, clinical trials, pictures, etc., please contact me.this site was originally created as my own personal resource. as it grew i decided to share it with others like me (c5/6 quadriplegic per a diving accident in 1999). please note that only quality websites and related information are listed here. so, there is no need to bookmark a bunch of sites as the best resources are right here for you.be sure to check out the spinal cord injury news blog. it’s updated on a regular basis featuring current sci news. if you know of any encouraging news, a new sci resource, a new daily living aid or just something noteworthy drop me a line and i’ll try to post it.online middle school at ehs.learning management software by learnstage.com.

search for:


 search
© 2002–2025 spinal cord injury information pages  |  website design by mcgwdback to top     