

































































beatrice daily sun | breaking news | | read beatrice, ne breaking news. get latest news, events and information on nebraska sports, weather, entertainment and lifestyles.




















skip to main contentskip to main content










        we are currently undergoing maintenance on some services, which may temporarily affect access to subscription accounts and the e-edition. we apologize for any inconvenience and appreciate your patience as we work to resolve the issues.
    

















40°











 log in
                                    
subscribe






guest


logout

read today's e-edition





























news


local



state



crime



politics



business



nation & world



news tip



wildfires




obituaries


share a story



recent obituaries



find an obituary



archives




opinion


submit a letter



letters



editorials



columnists




sports


huskers



high school



college



professional




lifestyles


arts & theatre



movies & tv



music



games & puzzles



comics



play



celebrations



food & cooking



home & garden



health



get healthy



parenting



fashion



people



pets



travel



faith




join the community


news tip



share video



send a story



share a photo



brand ave. studios




print edition


e-edition



e-edition archives



special sections




buy & sell


place an ad



jobs



cars



marketplace



shop local



public notices




shopping


curated commerce




customer service


manage subscription



activate digital subscription



newsletter sign-up



subscribe



contact us



help center



gift subscription


mobile apps


weather: live radar






facebook





twitter





instagram








© 2025 lee enterprises
terms of service | privacy policy






















































































subscribe
read today's e-edition




























                                        subscribe
                                    




























                                                    log in
                                                








welcome, guest

my account
 dashboard
 profile
 saved items

 logout







e-edition

news

obituaries

opinion

sports

puzzles

lifestyles

public notices

jobs

wildfires









40°
partly cloudy
























        
        
            healthy hearts run/walk postponed

the 15th annual healthy hearts run/walk scheduled for saturday has been postponed due to the weather.

















        
        
            cookie sales underway for girl scouts

in beatrice, local girl scouts will have a booth at walmart on weekends through march 16, when cookie sales end.

















        
        
            buss is grateful for 30 years at beatrice hallmark

“the best part is absolutely the customers. after 30 years they are friends, and they are family. … it’s created so many meaningful moments,” linda buss said.  

















        
        
            calendar

events scheduled friday and saturday

















        
        
            long-time race fan passes away, but not before receiving hof honor

beatrice speedway lost a long-time fan this week in the passing of ronald "ronnie" meints, but not before the speedway gave him the honor of a lifetime.  

















        
        
            freeman ends johnson-brock's win streak at 56

adams -- freeman saw their 18 point lead dwindle all the way down to one in the fourth quarter, but the gritty falcon team was able to hold on for the win.  

















        
        
            lady falcons let first half lead slip away

adams -- the freeman lady falcons had upset on their mind when they led johnson-brock by six at half, but the top-ranked eagles flexed their muscles in the second half on their way to the win.  










            curated commerce
        
6 cbd oils to try for relaxation





                
                recommended for you




















        
        
            long-time race fan passes away, but not before receiving hof honor


















        
        
            traubel's shows love for popcorn stand volunteers


















        
        
            nebraska women blast no. 17 maryland for highest-ranked road win under amy williams















                
                the latest


















        
        
            st. paul's school holds a concert

st. paul’s lutheran school in beatrice hosted jennie williamson in concert for students, staff and parents on thursday afternoon.












        
        
            nebraska under a winter weather advisory saturday

the national weather service issued a winter weather advisory at 1:14 p.m. on friday valid for saturday between midnight and 6 p.m. the advisory is for columbus area, fremont area, omaha area, lincoln area and beatrice area as well as thurston, wayne, stanton, cuming, burt, colfax, washingto…





















        
        
            beatrice neighbors: obituaries for february 14

read through the obituaries published in the beatrice daily sun 





















        
        
            february 13 recap: beatrice news you may have missed today

thursday's news: what you missed while you were at work. 












                
                interact with us


















        
        
            download our mobile app for a customized experience!

download it today! 




















        
        
            get the most important news in your inbox as it happens. sign up for breaking news:

get it delivered to your inbox! 




















        
        
            explore local history with our digital newspaper archives!

visit our online archives for thousands of historical articles, obituaries and announcements. 




















        
        
            read the e-edition now – the digital replica of the newspaper!

updated every day! 





















                
                latest video




















        
        
            st. paul school




















        
        
            aaron rodgers bidding farewell to new york jets




















        
        
            ap top stories february 14 a




















        
        
            fbi stops indiana school shooting planned for valentine's day












                
                sports
                
                    


















        
        
            nebraska's defense unable to find stops down the stretch in home loss to no. 25 maryland

brice williams’ attempt to mount a nebraska comeback in the second half fell short. even as he knocked down a pair of 3-pointers, a midrange jumper and got to the free throw line, maryland was too big, too long and strong.




















        
        
            nebraska women blast no. 17 maryland for highest-ranked road win under amy williams

over the final three quarters, nebraska outscored maryland 73-42 to notch its first true road win against a team ranked 17th or better under amy williams.




















        
        
            nebraska softball learned 'every little thing matters' after leaving wins on table in florida

the huskers earned one big win in florida, but they could have at least one more: "we got taught some really good lessons."





















        
        
            the state of football from the nfl to high school: pick six podcast, part 1

the two open with a brief discussion of the super bowl and move onto the state of football from the top level to high school. 













                
                listen now podcasts




















        
        
            drone damages chernobyl nuclear plant; egg prices hit record high | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            hamas to release 3 israeli hostages; musk talks deleting agencies | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            how can you reclaim focus in a digital world? | the ethical life podcast

🎧 explore ways to sharpen your attention, stay present and build better habits for a more mindful, productive life.





















        
        
            need a vacation? take a trip to hbo's 'the white lotus' | streamed & screened

"the white lotus," hbo's breakout hit of 2021 was originally billed as a limited series. but it's back again for a third trip of what has become a popular anthology.














                
                life & entertainment
                
                    


















        
        
            'elsbeth' becomes a family affair for carrie preston

carrie preston didn’t think her husband, actor michael emerson, was interested in her series, “elsbeth.” now he has a recurring role on the cbs whodunit.




















        
        
            could obesity drugs help with alcohol cravings? new study suggests potential

a new study suggests that medications that have transformed the treatment of obesity may also help people drink less alcohol. 




















        
        
            tiktok returns to apple and google app stores in the us

tiktok was removed from apple and google's app stores on jan. 18 to comply with a law that requires bytedance to divest the app or be banned in the u.s.

















                
                local events
                
            









 your browser settings are preventing events from loading. more info






×
 update settings to continue…


please try the following steps to enable.


open firefox settings → privacy & security → website privacy preferences
make sure "tell websites not to sell or share my data" is not checked.
make sure "send websites a do not track request" is not checked.




open chrome settings → privacy & security → third-party cookies
under advanced, make sure "do not track " is disabled.




open edge settings → privacy, search, and services
under privacy, make sure "send do not track" requests is not enabled
open cookies and site permissions → manage and delete cookies and site data
make sure "block third-party cookies" is not enabled




open your browser settings and make sure "do not track " is disabled.




                                open your cookie preferences.
make sure "targeted advertising" is toggled on.make sure "do not sell or share my personal information" is toggled off.click save











                
                partner
                
            









sponsored








        
        
            powerhouse partnership: big auto injury attorneys, the popok firm and ‘legal af’ podcast by meidastouch network unite for justice

content by big auto injury attorneys. learn more about meidastouch network’s “legal af” podcast's new partnership with big auto injury attorneys and the popok law firm.












sponsored








        
        
            flavorful versatility, budget-friendly? surprise! it’s ground pork!

content by the power of pork. whether dinner tonight is spaghetti, tacos, burgers or even egg rolls (see recipe), ground pork can truly save the day — and your grocery bill!












contributor








        
        
            how to maximize your profits during the holiday sales season

contributor content. every action you take today can lead to a more profitable and impactful holiday sales season.












sponsored








        
        
            protein packed, flavorful and lean… pork checks all the boxes!

content by national pork board. learn about the benefits of pork from registered dietitian and certified executive chef amber pankonin.
















                
                curated commerce
                
                    


















        
        
            6 cbd oils to try for relaxation

affiliate content. find the right cbd oils to fit your wellness routine. 




















        
        
            best greens powders for 2025: a nutritionist’s top 5

affiliate. we asked a nutritionist to share their top 5 greens powder picks to boost your daily nutrient intake and support overall health.




















        
        
            auto insurance rates set to rise in 2025: how to save on premiums

affiliate content. learn practical ways to reduce your auto insurance premiums in 2025. 




















        
        
            ozempic vs. semaglutide: 10 weight loss medications compared for 2025

affiliate. compare 10 weight loss medications to find the right one for you. 





























                
                local businesses
                
                    



















        
        
            woods bros / vladimir oulianov



                                        3737 s 27th st, lincoln, ne 68502
                                    






















        
        
            joshua jackson



                                        5540 south st ste 208, lincoln, ne 68506
                                    






























        
        
            farm services agency



                                        2920 east court street ste 1, beatrice, ne 68310
                                    






 website
















                
                print ads
                
            






















jewelry





        
        
            bradford exchange - midwest lists and media - ad from 2025-02-08
























health





        
        
            nebraska hearing center - ad from 2025-02-12

































×
















facebook





twitter





instagram









sites & partners


lincoln journal star

the columbus telegram

the fremont tribune

get healthy




services


rss

contact us

newsletters

work here

become a carrier

licensing

shopping






                        © copyright 2025
                        the beatrice daily sun, 108 s 6th st, ste 212 beatrice, ne 68310
                    

terms of use
|
privacy policy
|
advertising terms of use
|
do not sell my info
|
cookie preferences




                        powered by blox content management system from bloxdigital.com.
                    












notifications
settings






you don't have any notifications.



get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.

topics

news alerts

subscribe






breaking news

subscribe































