





al-baab.com--gateway between the west and the middle east




























home

resources & links

insight & analysis

what's your iq?

faqs



arabic for dummies

arabic: a complete course
about the
author
photo 
            galleryin the 
            media
contact



















welcome to al-baab.com




 
order
arabic for dummies!

 
al-baab.com--gateway in arabic--is your #1 source of information about the middle east and the arab world. it is a comprehensive resource that provides timely, accurate, and in-depth information about the political, economic, and cultural dynamics of the broader middle east region. al-baab.com seeks to provide decision makers, concerned citizens, and the general public with unbiased
and insightful analysis and information regarding all facets of middle eastern life in order to promote cross-cultural understanding.

al-baab.com is a non-partisan resource not affiliated with any political movement, group or organization. it is a companion site to the work of author amine bouchentouf, who 
                              is dedicated to bridging the gap between the west 
                              and the middle east through dialogue, education, 
                              and mutual understanding. 

arabic for dummies is the second book by author amine bouchentouf. it is part of the wildly popular dummies series which is published by john wiley & sons and will be available
in bookstores everywhere by april 2006. at 408 pages, it is the most comprehensive book written on the subject and designed for folks who want to discover arabic language and culture in a fun and interactive way. make sure to pre-order arabic for dummies 
                              today!  





 






arabic: a complete course, published by random house, is the first book by amine bouchentouf. if you're an intermediate or advanced student, it is the perfect book to help you master the fundamentals of the language. explore over 270 pages of material that contain
hundreds of vocabulary words, realistic sample dialogues, and in-depth and easy-to-understand grammar lessons. discover new phrases and conversations by listening to more than 3 hours of recorded conversation on 3 cds, and learn new vocabulary with the help of an invaluable 2-way glossary! available in bookstores everywhere, including amazon.com,
barnes & noble, and the forbes book club, arabic: a complete course is part of the best-selling living language series which has over 3 million 
                              in sales! 
                              






















visitor number


 



all content © al-baab.com 2005 - all rights reserved.

site by silverflux design







