









food and resource economics department - university of florida, institute of food and agricultural sciences - uf/ifas






































































skip to main content


























 skip to main content








give
                              
                        university of florida




 search link



  resources 


fre directory

campus map

ifas directory
















 
toggle search form

 menu
 












 
give
university of florida

 menu
 







 home



 about fre
 



contact list


 


directory


 


news & events
fre lunch podcast


 


mission & vision


 


open positions


 


seminars





seminar zoom link







 graduate
 



doctor of philosophy-phd
syllabi


 


master of agribusiness non-thesis


 


master of science 


 


scholarships
advising







 undergraduate
 



minors


 


majors


 


syllabi


 


change of major


 


scholarships


 


get involved
advising







 research
 



research areas


 


famrc


 


publications







 extension
 



extension programs


 


economic impact program


 


ag law center


 


fl ag conference







 alumni
 



fre alumni


 


hire fre


 
 





 giving
 

support fre





























    food and resource economics department





    food and resource economics department

















learn more about the department
about fre
explore our academic, research and extension programs, find out about upcoming events, and connect with the program here!

discover more















explore post-secondary degree options
graduate programs
fre has three graduate program offerings: a master of agribusiness, a m.s. in food and resource economics, and a ph.d. in food and resource economics. 

learn more






  








explore degree options
undergraduate programs
learn more about student involvement, degree specializations, minors and alumni career paths for our undergraduate programs.

learn more









welcome


the food and resource economics department (fre) focuses on teaching, research, and extension related to florida's food and agricultural systems.
graduates from our undergraduate programs go on to careers in sales, finance, management, economics, and more, working with companies in the food sector and with environmental and statistical organizations and businesses. our master of agribusiness prepares students from other disciplines in agriculture and beyond for careers in business and industry. ms students choose between an agribusiness track that leads to business careers or a thesis track for those more interested in research careers or pursuing a ph.d. degree. our ph.d. graduates work in universities worldwide, private industry, and government.
when it comes to research and extension, our faculty are renowned within their field for conducting applied economic research that is timely and highly relevant to stakeholders in areas such as behavioral economics, marine and environmental economics, health economics, international development, labor economics, behavioral economics and more. 
 

latest news & highlights









 



uf food and resource economics graduate students place 2nd in ifama global venture building competition
this november, a team of four ph.d. students from the uf food and resource...read articlerelated stories



uf master of agribusiness graduate jacob dorland uses skills from the program to develop an intro to precision agriculture class
jacob dorland began the university of florida’s master of agribusiness (mab)...read articlerelated stories



uf graduate student wins award from the southern economic association
at the 2024 southern economic association (sea) annual meeting, uf graduate...read articlerelated stories
 

























contact
feedbackfood and resource economics department
mailing: p.o. box 110240, gainesville, fl 32611 | shipping: 1676 mccarty dr, rm 1104, gainesville, fl 32611 
(352)392-1826 fax:352-846-0988

land grant mission

teaching
research
extension


information

ask ifas (edis)
uf/ifas experts
uf/ifas blogs
uf/ifas bookstore


policy

accessible uf
eeo statement
ifas web policy
ssn & uf privacy
analytics (google privacy)



© 2024 university of florida, ifas last modified:wed, 24 apr 2024 07:57:12 edt

 






































