







graphicpaint











































































































              home
            

        latest
      

        featured
      

        podcast
      

        submit
      

        subscribe
      

        support
      





















































































homelatestfeaturedpodcastsubmitsubscribesupport







real life and sex media











scroll






 

sex communicationprepping for season 3




    catch up on season 2
  

 







  

coming???? yes it’s coming… but when ;) the graphicpaintrelaunchwhat we weregraphicpaint began as a humble collection of essays that explored both explicit and the mundane as a means of normalizing taboo topics. that focus quickly expanded to include audio and visual content that touched on these same subjects. most notable was our launch of the sex communication podcast in february 2019. and now? we are pushing the boundaries of the graphicpaint website to be a new sex-focused, social network.what we are becomingour new model will work off a custom web application that allows for real-time content uploads, self-driven multimedia profiles, and connection with other creators for inspiration and collaboration.join a community of curiosity graphicpaint is an online community for curious humans to discover and create content that fearlessly explores sexuality. we are design-driven, sex-positive and uncensored.***when you join graphicpaint, you won’t be joining a mere website, you will be joining a community. graphicpaint will be a collective of shared experiences and perspectives; a hub for sexual exploration and shame-free experimentation.while posting will be free for all 18+ users, full access to the site will be available for a small subscription fee of just $6 a month. subscribers will gain entry to unlimited original and crowdsourced content, the ability to connect with other users, and the opportunity to sell their own multimedia creations.navigation will be driven by innovative design and subject-agnostic sorting features to foster discovery. we are using design to change the experience of interacting with explicit media, thereby changing the way we think about sex.graphicpaint is the start of a new sexual revolution.



graphicpaint, llc., is an umbrella for sex-positive projects. 

  







 











sex communication +the black sex worker collectivethis sex communication podcast mini-series features performers from the july 22nd fundraiser




powered by redcircle


powered by redcircle


powered by redcircle


powered by redcircle


powered by redcircle  







 

sex communication podcastpoly relationship coach effy bluea look into the personal life of a public sex-positive professional




    latest episode
  

 







 

[quick links]podcastessayaudiophoto




    submit content
  

 






celebrate the graphicpaint relaunchupdated 8/8/2020

 

graphicpaint is about to become a whole new experience. we will soon offer new features, new content, user profiles and access via monthly or annual subscription.we are about a month away from a soft launch! our relaunch will feature a built-in submission portal, unique methods of navigation, a dash of chaos theory and opportunities for users to earn money and connect with other contributors.  




    learn more
  

 

sign up now for free month










email address






yes please






thank you!  we will be in touch with details on getting started as a new graphicpaint user! our relaunch is set for march 2020 and we can’t wait to see what you create :)we respect your privacy and will not ever share your information.








 

sex communication podcastsexual assaulttwo episodes that dive in…

 


    episode 107
  




    episode 108
  

  







 

donate to the causesupport graphicpaintlearn more about our mission and upcoming projectsplease help us continue to be an independent platform for uncensored media




    donate
  

 







 

featured essayi hate this: “stealthing,” a review




    read
  

 







 

latest essaya bdsm primerso you want to be choked (or tied up, or spanked…)?




    read
  

 







 

sex communication podcast“c” comes out as a woman




    part 1
  




    part 2
  

 







 

featured essayattending my first orgy, sober




    read
  

 







 

 featured in:































































 




 

featured essaysome practical tips for sticking things up your butt




    read
  

 







 

sex communication podcastcatch up on our audio porn episodesthe real sounds of sex…




    listen
  





 







  

[banned image feed]wishing you had someplace to feature your own stylish dick, pussy, fucking pics? send ‘em our way — we’d love to host your explicit images… xo

 


    submit explicit pics
  

 

view all images as gallery








i think i could have squirted if i kept going
this was taken after giving up on an oh-so-close-but-totally-not-gonna-happen self-given orgasm; i could feel the swelling in my glands and feel quite certain if i had just kept pushing, this would have been the night of my first really gush. even still, this isn’t too bad.








squirting journey still continues...
last night i had an especially juicy, liquidy form of fluid released on my vibrator. still working to squirt but not there yet!








squirting journey continues
this kind of creamy white fluid is relatively common for me; some resources would classify this as cervical fluid and one form of female ejaculate… does that mean i’m on my way?








not squirting yet...
but soon?








cum shot gif
crowdsourced video submission…








cock and ball torture
having fun at home with a little pain and cbt…








mammogram nipple covers
kind of adorable, almost expected unicorns…








the sound of a blowjob
episode 55 — 6 audio clips of the slurpy reality of giving and receiving blowjobs








the most experimental experimentalist
episode 53








the start
vaginal masturbation need not involve toys nor even orgasm. sometimes it’s comforting to just hold onto oneself…












an erection in black and white
close-up of the first participant in the “growers vs. showers” series… 
















episode 45: making the anal sex
audio of a real couple having real sex plus all the info and tips you could ever want about how to get started doing butt stuff, and how to do it better…episode 45 of the sex communication podcast








an extraordinary dick
colorized and artful version of imagery bestowed upon me by an anonymous fellow on ig… thank you for being the first person of color to respond to my “ad” ;)








arty red pussy touch
it’s the last day of masturbation month! get out there and rub one out xo












summing up my utopian vision for graphicpaint
why can’t sex be as accepted and available and normalized as all the other shit we consume? why???? oh wait, i believe it can! good thing your here — do you believe too?








gift from a responder to my "ad"
so i wrote that piece titled “must have big dick and thick skin” and then a bunch of guys with big dicks sent me pics on instagram. jackpot! here’s a subtle one…








episode 29: sexual slavery, race and perception
an interview with a black man about his kink for asian and white slaves…








wet undies from watching someone jerk off
thank god i recorded it right?? just the audio but still… coming [cumming] soon








mini masturbation gift
ahh, another present from a male fan… sent shortly before we set up a time to meet in person. nice guy!








there's cum on that towel
cleaning up after an unexpected mutual masturbation session








fun with dicks / fun with color
i had attempted to shoot a giant pool of cum at the base of this here dick, but the gentleman moved his finger into it just before i took the pic so i used it for some color fun instead.








the "origin story" of the podcast
listen to our first milestone episode to hear the genesis of the sex communication project. it all started with some loud and filthy sex with my 52nd partner and has now evolved into something much much bigger. our interview covers our sexual experiences with each other as well as additional past partners, and how fantasy, intimacy and commitment all factor into a healthy relationship - or do they? fun, deep and personal, check it out.








the thing that got me kicked off of ig!
so i uploaded a supershort clip of this rape play site to my ig story and then took it down about 9 seconds later. the very next day @sexcommunication was no more but now here we are! i suspect it was the woman getting fingered in the lower left corner?








my plea
this went unanswered and i’ve since given up but this is a captured moment of the past. 








an interview with blue topaz...
we discuss her boundaries between sex and fetish play as well as details about needle and fire kinks. also! i come up with the brilliant idea of having a kink registry! she’s engaged to a fellow kinkster you see…








bloody toys
the aftermath of using my magic wand while on my period. honestly i thought it would be way bloodier.








human ottoman, 2
that same willing man being a footstool for masterneef…








am i? i really wonder... article link
read it here








when men chicken out
the cancellation text i got from the guy who was supposed to be the first recording guinea pig…








some vagina art i made to accommodate ig standards
(that’s my vagina art under that pink stuff)








how #54 "stays safe"
i call bullshit!








some stranger sent me this on ig
??? (again, “censored” to accommodate ig)








park ave apt or dorm?
classic "sock on the door" scenario seen in a park avenue apartment building








some pain play
the markings of a rubber band around the neck after a play session with “the brit”








an interview with a bondage triad
polyamory, bondage and relationship dynamics…








on not being a very good slut
am i closer to a nun than a sex worker? i’m not very good at having casual sex for as much as i love the act. i have this need for connection — hence why so few partners and occasional lonnnnng bouts of abstinence. i’d rather have none than bad!








the first ten episodes available everywhere!
here, on itunes, spotify, stitcher… check out the podcast page for links to all the places!








six tips for getting your rocks off when you tired af
sometimes you just want to lay there am i right? check out these super useful and personally tested tips for getting you and/or your partner off when you really just want to roll over and sleep! gender agnostic!








more vag art
still my vagina under those fingers and streaks








an interview with "the brit"
how our cybersex relationship began…








typical saturday inbox
i woke up to this, same ol’ same ol’








an audio recording of a lady beating off to porn
short and sweet, especially the orgasm, that shit be super-sweet xo








an evening with #54
cum and scratches on my back and the tip of that nice big dick








an interview with jerry who doesn't watch porn...
…or beat off. it’s been three years! how does he do it? and why? find out in episode 5








happy vagina day bitches!
valentine’s day needs a rebrand — i submit “vagina day” and request that all vagina having folks take their pleasure into their own hands and beat off today instead of all that other crap 








we're everywhere
except google play, they’re dicks who booted me for “inappropriate content” — fuck them, check out the podcast page for links to all the places








the results of a hot chat
i just couldn’t help myself, had to bust out the old rabbit dildo and get down. also, rip rabbit…








i love cody fern
do i really need to explain?








sex polaroid
getting fucked from behind and still capable of taking photographs. anal or vaginal entry? we’ll never know








notes from fans
many thanks for listening and taking the time to share your thoughts!!!








that time i was in bed all day...
…and not for the good reason. motherfucking flu :(








our [quickie] series was a bit of an accident
i just needed to fill an episode after the audio porn, which was only a couple of minutes long and bing bang boom a new tradition! weekly quickie episodes where i divulge all the ways i did, or did not, get off in the past seven days. welcome to “how i got off”








washing the tools
guess who just went sex toy shopping! it me!








man stuff on my floor
heyyy! i got laid last week wheeeeeeee








notes from fans
many thanks for listening and taking the time to share your thoughts!!!








are you a sex addict?
if you identify as a sex addict i want to interview you! email me at sex@graphicpaint.com








notes from fans
many thanks for listening and taking the time to share your thoughts!!!








edited pic of what i sent "the brit"
he wanted to see what the belt i described looked like in action








an interview with "girl on the net"
chatting with fellow lady pervert “girl on the net” about sexy sexy sex stuff








fuck you google play
why i’m not available on google play and also what prompted me to remove google ads from this site.








sex and travel
how to do it right so you can get off properly when abroad








my favorite sex toy combo
the magic makers: a magic wand and broken rabbit now functioning as a dildo. together they bring deep internal orgasmic delights :)








god stuff / sex stuff
the two are connected don’t you think? read more








bed ropes
these are mine, what do yours look like?








sex polaroids
pics of skin and fucking — good stuff!








finally on itunes!
this was a big day! check out our first episode with audio porn










 









































































  




 

join usshare the things that you can’t share anywhere elsetired of having censor and edit your work to meet “community guidelines” and “decency standards"? us too!let us host and promote all the filthy, raw, secret and experimental things you can’t post anywhere else. we’re here for you — let us be your [uncensored] media platform.




    submit
  

 







 

[more stuff]check out the archive via this huge-ass red button




    see more
  



also keep scrolling down… there’s even more more!also [if you’re here via desktop] have you realized you can use the nav strip on the right to jump sections on this page??? 

 




 

newsletterget our infrequent emailit will be like having a pen pal except not...




    subscribe
  

 









podcast update



relaunch



collaboration



featured podcast episode



quick links



what we are becoming



latest podcast episode



donate



featured essay



latest essay



podcast episode



featured essay 2



press



for ovee heatlh



audio porn



banned image feed



be a contributor



more stuff



newsletter








 



hours




homeaboutsubmitsubscribesupport

























real life and sex media© 2020 · graphicpaint, brianne mcguire · all rights reserved

 







