


property for sale in kefalonia - vinieris real estate









































 
 




















about us
buy
sell
rent
developments
holiday rentals
golden visa
contact us























live-stream video viewing
    we can now arrange a remote live-stream video viewing of any property on our listings. please contact us now to make your appointment.










property search










for sale
to let




all types
exclusives
seaside properties
homes/villas
apartments/maisonettes
plots/land
commercial property
hotels/accommodation
new developments
businesses




all areas
municipality of argostoli - sout
municipality of livathos - south
municipality of elios - southeas
municipality of sami - east
municipality of erissos - north
municipality of pylaros - northe
municipality of paliki - west
community of omala - central
municipality of ithaca
rest of greece




all values
€ 0 - € 100,000
€ 100,000 - € 200,000
€ 200,000 - € 300,000
€ 300,000 - € 500,000
€ 500,000 - € 750,000
€ 750,000 +




all sizes
0 - 100 sq.m
100 - 200 sq.m
200 - 500 sq.m
500 - 1,000 sq.m
1,000+ sq.m

















my alerts




new email alert






property management & luxury rentals




property management
holiday villas kefalonia









quick links




property services
property evaluations






about kefalonia
why invest in kefalonia
why buy with vinieris real estate
step-by-step buying guide
why sell with vinieris real estate
step-by-step selling guide
frequently asked questions
energy performance certificate
satisfied customers
dictionary
useful links






vinieris brochure 2022
publications






my favourites




favourites





we would like to extend a warm welcome to you from vinieris real estate.

" the leading & most respected real estate company on the island of kefalonia. "


        at vinieris real estate, we pride ourselves on the fact that we continue to be the real estate agency of choice for people searching for property here on the island of kefalonia. if you are looking for the best property in kefalonia, vinieris real estate are here to help, and we have by far the largest selection of luxury villas, holiday homes, apartments, town houses, detached houses, renovation projects, new build homes, off plan developments, building plots and commercial property, on the island of kefalonia (sometimes known as cephalonia or kefallinia). please browse our extensive portfolio of kefalonian properties for sale: whatever you are looking for, we will endeavour to find that perfect property just for you. by utilising the unique expertise and knowledge that only vinieris real estate can offer to you, buying property in kefalonia, greece has never been easier!
        
















property of the week
zola

agv development, proud member of the vinieris group of companies, welcomes you to zola hillside residences,...
price: from € 700,000




details






vinieris real estate agency, with by far the largest selection of property in kefalonia, is your no1 choice to find that dream home. our luxuriously appointed purpose-built offices are situated in the prime location of the harbour front, in the capital, argostoli, and with recent expansion, we are proud to announce the opening of separate offices, housing our development & property management companies, also located in argostoli. the vinieris group of associated businesses, offer services second to none, with a depth of knowledge and experience you will only find by dealing with such a well-established real estate company.
        
we will make the process of buying or selling a property as simple as possible. prospective purchasers are accompanied on viewing trips and guided through the whole purchasing process by our team of enthusiastic and caring personnel. if you are selling your property, be assured that we will apply the same reliability, dedication and professionalism that vinieris real estate is so widely renowned for.
        

        in addition to the largest portfolio of properties in kefalonia, we at provide our clients with services, information and assistance throughout the whole of the purchasing process, including: purchases, sales, rentals, property management, property development, property maintenance, valuation services, surveys, land and property registration, finance banking services, insurance services, legal and translation services, architectural and design services, extensive before & after sales service.
        


featured properties
















house
monopolata



150 sq/m

€ 195,000




















house
psilithrias



70 sq/m

€ 165,000




















house
mantzavinata



72 sq/m

€ 110,000








        here at vinieris realty, we have the largest portfolio of properties in kefalonia, coupled with our extensive local knowledge and experience, which means that we can confidently offer properties at the correct price, and be sure that you, the customer, are advised on the ideal location for your property search. whether you are looking to buy a permanent residence or a holiday home, or for long/short term rentals, and also for resale purposes, we will always take great pride and care with all the services we offer.
        

        we find that kefalonia, as well as being one of the most beautiful and relaxing islands in the whole of the mediterranean, and the ideal destination for holidays, is also becoming home to many international residents. whether you are looking for an investment opportunity, a holiday home, a luxury villa by the sea, or an apartment within town, there has never been a better time to buy a property in kefalonia, so please let us at vinieris real estate, show you the way to make your dream home come true.
        

        don’t forget: if your are interested in luxury villas, holiday homes, apartments, town houses, detached houses, renovation projects, new build homes, property investments, off plan developments, building plots and commercial property, we will make it easy for you, assisting with all aspects of the buying process, including: opening a greek bank account, obtaining a greek tax number, legal, translation and financial services, architectural and design services, after sales, property maintenance and long term and short term holiday rentals.
        

        among the services that vinieris real estate is able to offer to its clients, is our custom property finder service, which allows us to search for and identify property, which specifically matches your requirements. whether you are looking for a specific location, property type, or price range, using our vast experience in the market place and extensive network of contacts, we are able to find your dream property.
        

        we shall always strive to find a perfect balance between your personal needs, and what the market has to offer, thus enabling you, the client, to ‘realise the dream’.
        

        thank you for choosing our website for your property search. we hope you will find useful information and properties that meet your requirements.
        

        in case you haven't found a property that fully meets your criteria you can address to us and one of our representatives will contact you as soon as possible. alternatively you can subscribe to our email alert list in order to receive automatic updates on new listings and we will endeavour to find the ideal property for you.
        









how much is your home worth?

we offer a quick and free, no-obligation property valuation service for any property in kefalonia, in order to give you an initial indication on the value of your property.

 quick evaluation...





interested in selling your property?

our team is always available to view, evaluate and list your property and as we are the most established and respected estate agency in kefalonia, we also have the most extensive...

 i am interested..








our testimonials










"we thank george & adonis vinieris for being so helpful in handling the purchase of the house.  your friendly advice and patience whilst we visited several properties was appreciated.  the additional help with the tax office, finding a solicitor and accountant saved us a lot of time and worry.  i haven't know a house purchase to be that straightforward."

susan & mike booker





"everyone at vinieris has been so helpful from the moment we first enquired about purchasing a property on our dream island of kefalonia. from our first meeting with adonis and then all the help provided by christina, dawn and elina they have helped guide us through all the steps of buying a property. they have helped us in so many ways and continue to do so. even though we have completed our purchase we always get a friendly welcome when we drop in to say hello. they help with each step of the process from getting a greek tax id, a greek bank account, solicitor and accountant, they even introduced us to a kitchen company who have been great as well. we would thoroughly recommend using vinieris to start your dream of a property in the sunshine of kefalonia."


duncan & sue banks





"from the very first contact we had with vinieris we were treated in a friendly and professional manner. nothing was too much trouble for them in answering all our questions and queries and their help in introducing other professional contacts was willing and easy and has proved invaluable. when you are looking to buy property in the sun it is easy to let your heart rule your head but the way george and the team run the business they allow you to enjoy the journey whilst they make sure everything is covered. if you are looking for property in kefalonia  there is only one place to look - vinieris. two new happy kefalonians"


steve & dot corke





"nothing was too much trouble for george and the team and i can’t recommend them enough. they made a very daunting idea of buying a property in greece into the easiest and most straightforward task for me. they handled absolutely everything in a professional, accommodating, friendly and helpful way. i think a lot of uk estate agents could learn a lot from george and the team! thank you george, dawn and christina – you made my dream a reality!"

catherine mckenzie





"we bought our villa in the beautiful village of tselendata, near fiscardo in september 2014. being our first overseas purchase we were full of concern as to the whole property buying process. fortunately, help was at hand in the guise of vinieris real estate. throughout the whole process from finding our lovely villa to the completion of formalities, adonis and his wonderful team were there to hold our hands. we still keep in touch and we regard adonis and the team as our friends."

alison & colin chattaway





"although the villa is finished our involvement with the vinieris team has not, as we now rent the villa, through their website.  this not only provides an income which pays the villa bills but gives us peace of mind  that someone from the team is always around keeping an eye on the place. we have totally fallen in love with the villa and the islands way of life, so much so, that we are now planning to move out permanently."

martin ling & lynne harrississ





"during the whole process, every one of the team at vinieris real estate acted in a thoroughly professional, helpful and courteous manner. they really were interested in helping us find our dream home in kefalonia and made sure that everything went smoothly and efficiently in order for it to happen. we look forward to using them in the management and upkeep of our house. we cannot recommend them and their services highly enough and would suggest that these are the people to visit if you are looking for a property in kefalonia. they will undoubtedly look after you."


martin wykes & joanne steere











the leading, most respected & well-established real estate company on the island of kefalonia.


about us
buy
sell
rent
developments
golden visa
contact us



property links 


new developments
homes for sale
homes to let
apartments for sale
apartments to let
land / plots
commercial property for sale
commercial property to let
exclusives
seaside property
businesses
properties in kefalonia




quick links 


property management
holiday villas kefalonia





property services
property evaluations
about kefalonia
why invest in kefalonia
why buy with vinieris real estate
step-by-step buying guide
why sell with vinieris real estate
step-by-step selling guide
frequently asked questions
energy performance certificate
satisfied customers
dictionary
links
privacy policy
my favourites
email alert




get in touch 
19 antoni tritsi st
                argostoli, kefalonia
                greece
                

open hours
                monday - friday: 9am - 2:30pm & 6pm - 8.30pm
                saturday: 9am - 2pm

 +30 267 10 24 202
 +30 267 10 24 207
 vinieris@kefalonianproperty.com













favourite properties











company affiliations














vinieris group of companies


















kefalonia property
www.kefalonianproperty.com
facebook
instagram


















agv developents
www.agvdevelopments.com
facebook
instagram


















kefalonian property managment
www.kefalonianpropertymanagement.com


















holiday villas kefalonia
www.agvdevelopments.com
facebook
instagram









    	copyright © 2025  |  vinieris real estate | designed by illusion.gr | managed by listings.gr






 

 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 









