


























home | north bay electric auto association







      skip to main content
    






menu








main navigation


home


join the club


meetings


calendar


interests


resources















image
 































who we arethe north bay electric auto association is a chapter of the electric vehicle association covering the north san francisco bay area of california, focused on the counties of lake, marin, mendocino, napa, solano, and sonoma. our hybrid meetings include members from outside the area.we follow ev trends locally and well beyond. for more information, feel free to contact us.next meetingwe meet every second saturday of the month. our next meeting will be february 8th, 10am. professor mark jacobson will present “renewables are not driving the cost of electricity in california.”come meet ev owners and learn about what’s happening in the world of evs. our in-person meetings include refreshments.meeting details 
 


meetings occur on the 2nd saturday of the month from 10am to 12pm pt.






recent meetings


 

february 08, 2025
 

january 11, 2025
 

december 14, 2024











electric vehicle news
view news from around the web.






volvo, polestar evs get samsung’s digital key technologyowners can lock, unlock and start their cars using their smartphone as a key.inside evs
honda and nissan might still end up together, but there’s a big ‘if’: reporthonda is reportedly open to returning to the negotiations table if nissan’s ceo steps down.inside evs
the federal ev charger program may die. it was just starting to pay offthe program was created over two years ago. what do we have to show for it so far?inside evs
the most powerful rolls-royce ever is electric and has launch controlthe new spectre black badge also gets a sport mode, a retuned suspension and darker accents.inside evs
renault made a breakthrough in ev fire safety. now others can use it for freethe french automaker’s fix to put out fires saves time and water, and it's now available to all automakers.inside evs
tesla full self-driving could be china's tariff bargaining chipplus, trump threatens more auto tariffs for q2 and byd reveals its ambitious plans for europe.inside evs
you've changed... what to do when you've bought something that doesn't reflect your values.transport evolved
here’s how much range a $3,500 volkswagen e-golf has in winterwhen it was new, the original e-golf had an epa-rated range of 83 miles. a decade later, its small battery is doing surprisingly well.inside evs
anti-tesla protests, sell-offs mount as musk raids the u.s. governmentcountry music star sheryl crow was among those who sold their tesla to protest elon musk, tesla and doge. where does it end?inside evs
trump targets california's gas car ban. here's what it means for the rest of usplus, tesla is in the middle of a stock rout, and more drama surfaces amid the scuttled honda-nissan merger.inside evs







charter: the electric vehicle association is a non-profit educational organization for the promotion of clean electric vehicles (evs) for personal transportation.
















footer


contact us


donate






follow us  









