







bkc/pdc — christian lawrence




























































































cart
















0
















            home
          

            about christian
          

            history shmistory
          

            instant expert
          

            bkc/pdc
          

            videos
          

            calendar
          

            podcast appearances
          

            bare knuckle comedy, llc
          

            show merch
          

            instagram
          

            boob gun
          

            i'm the other guy
          

            press
          

            miscellaneous
          

            email list
          

            contact
          










































































































cart
















0











homeabout christianhistory shmistoryinstant expertbkc/pdcvideoscalendarpodcast appearancesbare knuckle comedy, llcshow merchinstagramboob guni'm the other guypressmiscellaneousemail listcontact



















bare knuckle comedy / punch drunk comedy










promotional photo, 2015. l-r: annina christiansen, christian lawrence, asia thomas, panagiotis papavlasopoulos & analicia kocher



 

bare knuckle comedy (formerly punch drunk comedy) was a unique blending of comedic styles: a three-act comedic narrative & a comedy variety show (think “it’s always sunny” meets “comedy central presents”).  the narrative framed the variety show, starred the hosts and followed their misadventures. the show regularly brought in traveling comics from across the united states. bare knuckle comedy ran from 2009-2019, and was saint louis’s longest-running independent comedy show. the show was started by christian lawrence and kevin white. after kevin left st. louis, christian cycled through multiple co-hosts and regular cast members.   

















































































































































































press for bare knuckle comedythe post-dispatch’s covering of bare knuckle comedy’s last show- kevin c. johnson, saint louis post-dispatch, july 2019"the best comedy show in st. louis"– marlena rodriguez, staff writer, the unbreakable kimmy schmidt“a delight!”- steve gadlin, "steve gadlin’s star makers" / festival judge, snubfest, june 2016"bare knuckle comedy... kick-started the alt comedy scene" in st. louis- riverfront times, may 2015"though described as an alternative comedy show, (bare knuckle comedy) is just the sort of smiling, ham-fisted comedy that twentysomethings have come to love and cherish.” - riverfront times, july 2012"...a stop for touring indie comics from across the country” - alive magazine, march 2013“one of the few and at times only monthly comedy show in the city that is regularly switching it up. while the format and core value of including elements of standup, sketch and improv to every show remains constant, the content and variations of each show are always new. so while you may have seen a bare knuckle show, rest assured you've not seen this one.” – riverfront times february 2014  “...check out bare knuckle comedy… i’ve got some friends involved in that.”- rick horton, kmox, august 11th 2014, live cardinals broadcast

 









































































st. louis, mo
(314) 884-0158
christianlawrencecomedy@gmail.com


hours




email list!





subscribe
you're here because you like the comedy that christian lawrence & bare knuckle comedy, llc makes. as it turns out, you're in luck! drop your email address below to gets heads up on upcoming shows & behind-the-scenes extras!





first name



last name




email address






sign up





we respect your privacy.
thank you!






    text message
  




    email
  



 







