




schulhoff tool rental | equipment rentals cincinnati oh | contractor supplies cincinnati ohio
































2709 woodburn ave., cincinnati, oh 


call today 513-961-1122












about us
|
store hours & directions 










equipment for rent
new equipment for sale
used equipment for sale
resources
careers
contact











view cart 


 




















your one-stop shop for all your equipment rentals, tool rentals, and equipment sales in cincinnati ohio

welcome to schulhoff tool rental!
in august 2015, schulhoff tool rental celebrated 80 years in business! we started as a one man electrical repair shop in 1935. we have evolved over the last 8 decades by listening to our customers’ needs and acting as a partner in their projects. 
we are constantly adding new items to our rental and sales inventory to fulfill your needs. please start browsing our extensive online catalog for rental and sales, or just give us a call at 513-961-1122, to speak with one of our staff members. we are here to help you get the job done!





large to small, we have it all! our equipment and tools are ready to rent when you are.
rent equipment



we offer contractors and construction companies a wide variety of new equipment.
buy new equipment



looking to buy used equipment?  browse our current inventory offered at great prices.
buy used equipment








schulhoff tool rental


home
about us
contact us
careers
store hours


equipment for rent
new equipment for sale
used equipment for sale
resources




popular rental categories


air compressors
automotive tools
bobcats & trenchers
carpet & floor care


concrete equipment
heaters
generators & lighting
lawn & garden


lifts
material handling
tables and chairs
plumbing


power tools
scaffolding
trailers
welders




network with us:













serving cincinnati ohio and the surrounding communities with all your equipment & tool rentals, equipment sales and contractor supplies
copyright © 2025 rentalhosting.com

          
           powered by point-of-rental - last update: 2/19/2025 4:11:11 am
        





