




home | 8th day co-op













































                    8th day co-op | vegetarian healthfood shop and cafe | manchester                









  
the shop | the cafe












  0161 273 4878  

                            email: mail@8thday.coop                        111 oxford road, manchester. m1 7du                        






home
cafe

cafe menu
classes & events
catering
gift vouchers
recipes


shop online
loyalty card
the shop

what’s in the shop
takeout lunch deli
nutrition
bodycare
gift vouchers
shop online


catering

plant based catering


opening times
find us

find us/map
find us by bus
find us by train/tram
find us by car


about us

our history
gallery
working in a co-op
job vacancies
our ethos
accessibility
privacy policy


 











 





welcome to (on the) eighth day workers’ co-operative…





you can find us in the university area of manchester. we’re a worker’s co-operative and a your one-stop shop for all things ethical, vegan & vegetarian, eco living, organic, local and cruelty free since 1970!
from cruelty free skincare & beauty, supplements and nutrition, local coffee, craft beer, wines, everyday groceries and extra special foods too our award winning health food shop offers the largest selection of ethical, eco, veggie, vegan, organic and fairtrade products in the northwest! we’ve even got our own nutritionist. we are a small independent who support fellow independents, doing their bit to make the world a better place. click here for our opening hours.






our café is a place for hearty, healthy plant based food (and some not so healthy options too)…
made from scratch and with seasonal ingredients, our food menu is 100% vegan friendly. read more here.
with a small team of chefs with a genuine passion plant based grub, our menu never stay the same. following a set format of two ‘mains’, a type of dhal (and eighth day classic), a type of stew, and a soup, our hot food menu never stays the same.
baking vegan friendly cakes in house, and selling others from local, super talented bakers, offering barista coffee, fresh smoothies and cold foods like sandwiches too, we think we’re a fab lunch spot. click here for our opening hours.










the shop


looking for your one-stop shop for vegetarian produce? then look no further, we stock over 5,000 vegetarian and vegan products as well as lots of organic and fairly traded produce. come in and take a look.






the cafe


our plant based cafe provides a full range of nourishing meals, tasty snacks and drink options to keep you sustained throughout the day.






daily menu


what’s cooking today? our menu changes daily so keep up to date with our kitchens offerings and make sure you don’t miss out on your favourite dish.

cafe menu
 












about us

we are a 100% vegetarian health food store and café, one of the longest running worker co-operatives in the north west. we stock over 5,000 lines and offer a wide range of organic, vegetarian and vegan products, including nutritional and herbal supplements and natural and organic skincare. our cafe offers freshly prepared and exciting vegetarian and vegan dishes inspired by foods from every continent. with a daily changing menu, you’re sure to find a dish you’ll love. we also offer space for local meet-up groups and venue hire for many types of events.
 



contact us

address: the eighth day co-operative ltd
111 oxford road
manchester
m1 7du
email: mail@8thday.coop
telephone: (0161) 273 4878
 
 



mailing list

subscribe to our mailing list. 








 

follow us








 












the eighth day co-operative ltd, 111 oxford rd, manchester. m1 7du. registered in the uk, company registration no 21704r 
                        copyright © the eighth day co-operative ltd 2017. all rights reserved. design by peevish web design. 

 


  





