




recover files data from cd, dvd, flash card, hard drive with cdroller
























cdroller - data recovery from cd, dvd, blu-ray discs and flash cards
powerful, easy-to-use and low-costdata recovery software

deutsch
italiano
espanol




home
press
download
support
faq
purchase
history
about
technology





recover your data right now!
need to recover documents for your business? unable to finalize a dvd? your camcorder is gone and all family memories on mini discs seem to be lost? can't read an old disc after the windows upgrade? a perfect cd suddenly appears as unreadable or blank? looking to recover lost or missing files from hard drive, usb, flash drive, memory card? fortunately, many such problems can be bypassed with the help of cdroller!
news:

february 03, 2025 - cdroller 12.2 released!
details · 
				download trial version ·
				buy cdroller now! get your data back for only us $49. refund policy

feature list:

recovers video and photos from non-finalized dvds created by a wide set of standalone devices that record directly onto discs: hitachi, sony handycam, canon, panasonic, samsung dvd camcorders as well as standalone video recorders.
reads unfinalized ("open", "left as-is") cds and dvds, including the discs with microsoft's live file system, formatted "like flash drive" under windows 7, 8, 8.1, 10 or 11.
recovers the lost files from the discs created by cd/dvd/blu-ray writing software, such as well-known sonic (roxio, adaptec) and ahead nero software packages, cequadrat's packetcd, dla, b's clip and many others. includes fault-tolerant udf reader for all windows operating systems. no need to look for udf reader driver in order to manage old discs on your new computer under windows 10 or 11.
finds and retrieves the files data on hard disk drives (hdd), solid-state drives (ssd), flash memory cards, floppy disks and other types of windows disks/drives. gains direct access to the disk data, using a special driver, and does not require administrator privileges after installation. that means you never get user account control (uac) popup when you run the program under windows 7, 8, 8.1, 10, 11 or vista.
converts the recovered vob or vro video data into generic mpeg-2 files without loss of quality. in contrast to vob files, mpg ones can be viewed properly with the help of windows native players.
makes new dvd-video discs that can be played back in the most dvd players.
recovers m2ts video files on the mini discs that were not finalized by avchd camcorders.
converts the recovered mpeg-2 (*.mpg) and avchd (.m2ts) files into mp4 video files with support of h.264, h.265/hevc, libvpx-vp8, xvid and native mpeg-4 video codecs.
extracts and saves selected fragment of recovered video as separate video file.
batch converts recovered video files (*.vob, *.mpg, *.m2ts) into mpeg-4 format.
examines frames in the recovered video file (mpeg-2, mpeg-4 or avchd) by facial recognition.
finds and retrieves accidently deleted files, files located in the corrupted folders, files on incorrectly closed disks, etc.
recovers cd data written by sony mavica cd digital cameras.
examines images (pictures, photos) of all major graphic formats (bmp, jpeg, jpeg 2000, gif, png, pcx, psd, eps, tiff, wmf, ico, tga), popular digital camera raw formats (canon, kodak, minolta, nikon, olympus, pentax, fuji, leica, sony, sigma), dicom files (medical imaging) and many others.
finds and sorts images (pictures, photos) by facial recognition.
recovers lost audio files on the flash memory built into voice recorders, such as sony, olympus, ritmix, etc.
"on-the-fly" unpacks the files initially compressed by roxio (adaptec) directcd.
retrieves back up files from the discs recorded in several stages (multisession discs).
includes a built-in cd/dvd/bd data burner. there is no need to run third-party cd/dvd/bd mastering software if you wish to burn a new dvd-video disc or backup your files and folders immediately after recovery. the "burn" option is integrated into a common shell. just write a new disc with recovered data shortly, without leaving cdroller!
erases cd, dvd and bd re-writable media. supports quick and full erase methods.
examines disc sectors at low level. displays the sector content in text, binary, hexadecimal or unicode mode. it also scans all sectors of a disc (selected track or file) for particular data. recommended for engineering purposes and also for law enforcement and forensic investigators.
supports external hex editor for detailed analysis of disc contents at low level.
allows direct examination of the content of selected file at low level.
scans files for particular data (content), regardless of the file names and/or extensions. supports perl-like regular expressions (pcre library) for creating match patterns.
reads iso image files (*.iso), disk image files recorded in expert witness compression format (*.e01, *.l01, *.s01), linux / unix disk dump (*.dd) files and microsoft virtual disk images in vhd and vhdx formats (*.vhd, *.vhdx files).
creates disk image files (byte-to-byte copy) of entire drive, logical disk or selected partition.
identifies the lost files on iso/joliet discs with the damaged file system (volume descriptors, path tables and directories), using the raw data only.
rescues the data from scratched, damaged or defective discs.
provides direct access to the hardware (cd/dvd/blu-ray drives), bypassing the windows file system. looks for the lost tracks (sessions) every time when you insert a new disc into the drive. supports scsi pass through direct (sptd) layer as alternative method under windows 2000/xp/2003/vista/7/8/8.1
creates and uses an own image file to manage disc sectors.
digitally extracts audio tracks into a wide set of wave formats.
batch converts audio files (*.m4a, *.ogg, *.wav, *.ac3, *.aac, *.wma, *.flac, *.opus) into mp3 format.
tests disc readability.
tests dvd-video playability.
extracts iso image file. burns iso image file to a new disc.
catalogs files and folders into cd/dvd library.
calculates md5 hash values for recovered files, created iso image file (*.iso file) or extracted data track.
creates and uses spare files to verify and fix backup files. keeps valuable files safe on optical discs (cd, dvd, blu-ray).
all features are integrated into a common and easy-to-use intuitive shell.

			
			support of wide set of cd, dvd, bd and hd-dvd formats such as:

cd formats (cd-da, cd-rom, cd-wo, cd-rom xa and mixed-mode)
cd format cd-mrw ("mt. rainier" cd-rw),
dvd formats (dvd-rom, dvd-r, dvd-rw, dvd+r, dvd+r dl, dvd+rw, dvd-r dl, dvd-ram).
blu-ray disc (bd) formats (bd-rom, bd-r, bd-re, bd-r dl, bd-re dl, bd-r tl, bd-re tl, bd-r ql, bd-re ql, ultra hd blu-ray).
high definition dvd (hd-dvd) formats (hd-rom, hd dvd-r, hd dvd-ram).

			supported file systems:

iso 9660 file system, including so-called joliet and rock ridge extensions for long file names (windows and unix files names).
universal disk format (udf), including versions 1.02, 1.50, 2.0, 2.01, 2.50, 2.60 and so-called udf bridge format.
fat32 (for dvd-ram and bd-re discs).
ntfs / refs / fat12 / fat16 / fat32 / exfat / ext2 / ext3 / udf (for hard and flash drives, memory cards and floppy disks).


system requirements
			to run cdroller, you need at least:
			
microsoft windows 2000/xp/2003/vista/7/8/8.1/10/11 operating system,
intel pentium or compatible cpu,
256 mb of ram,
cd/dvd/blu-ray drive(s).






user testimonials:

"fantastic! it saved 500+ valuable digital pictures on a roxio drag-to-disk cd-r. i am ever grateful for your program, and i gladly paid the price for my license. good work!!"robert, mesa, az, usa
"cdroller works great! the files i recovered were worth over 1,800 times what i paid for it!"gary rea, edmond, ok, usa
"the customer service you provided was fantastic and virtually unparelleled these days."brian c., arlington heights, il, usa
"many people feel all software should be open or free... i would suggest people should consider what their own time is worth, or the value of lost files, and time... and then weigh the costs. thanks again to the cdroller team. great product. great support! top notch service, top ratings in my books. and i am thrilled to share this high praise."g. wayne dwornik, lethbridge, ab, canada
"i'm writing an unsolicited endorsement of the cd roller software and service. i had 5 home recorded dvds which we thought we had lost the data forever. i tried my local repair shop and video centers, and they were unable to recover any data. i found this service and was able to recover all my data, but more importantly preserve our priceless family memories. the company provided excellent personalized service at a reasonable cost. i highly recommend their services. thank you!"r. ferguson, south jordan, ut, usa
"i am writing to express my appreciation for your product. i have a sony dvd handycam which inexplicably generated a "disc is unrecordable" error message one day. we faced the prospect of losing a whole dvd-r of family memories including christmas morning.  cdroller successfully recovered the entire video."miles t., mequon, wi, usa
"i am sure you get e-mails like this all the time, but i swear to you there are tears in my eyes as i write this. cd roller helped me rescue 130 pictures that meant a great deal to me...it was worth every penny we spent. thank you."lucia, deerfield beach, fl, usa
"i just wanted to say a great thank you to cd roller. several i.t. experts (at work and in my town) had looked at the lost cd data and suggested various ideas - none worked. the disc and data had been all-but-lost for over 12 months. i have now retrieved everything. the price i paid of £20 (or so) for cd roller was nothing. it has saved me uncountable hours of trying to retrieve the data - much of it unique and my own reports."alan cook, warwickshire, united kingdom
"great piece of software. installed easily on win 7 64 bit and recovered all the images on what seemed to be a partly corrupted / unreadable udf format cd. very easy to use. thanks!"david heeley, newburgh, united kingdom
"i'd just like to thank you for your excellent product. i was going mad trying to retrieve data from a cd-rw, which went errant during a blue screen on my laptop. i have now all but one of the files back. well worth twenty quid! all the 'professionals' i phoned up didn't have a clue."laurence a., farnborough, united kingdom
"thank you very much for your superb product and superb service - cdroller was already great, but gets better with each new version (it has helped me out many times)."will rigby-jones, new south wales, australia
"it is absolutely fantastic program, definitely a bargain at twice the price. i was able to completely recover all my files from a dvd that had not closed off properly. all the best to all the folks at cdroller."larry mcilmoyle, ontario, canada

read more success stories ...




technical support
our technical support representatives are always at your service. with our true 24x7 technical assistance, there are no banker's hours, no auto-responder support replies, and no closed for the holiday's door sign. our customers will always receive friendly and patient technical support. please feel free to  submit the details of your problem on our web site.
 




buy now! · us $49




have any opinion about cdroller? we would like to hear from you. please take a moment to share your feelings, ideas and bug-reports. if you think we have missed something, please do not hesitate to  suggest your great feature, and you will see it in the future releases! we always appreciate your contribution! please feel free to contact us if you have any problems or questions regarding cdroller, including pre-sales support.



how to upgrade my previous version to cdroller 12 with 40% discount?
to upgrade your previous version (cdroller  5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10 or 11) to cdroller 12, you should contact our sales dept. please send us your personal license key, or name and and e-mail address that you used when purchasing the software, or any other info (your order id, post address, etc.) that may help us to identify your purchase status. your request will be responded shortly, usually within 2 to 12 hours.




home
online help
user's manual
success stories
install / uninstall
eula
privacy policy

cd roller® is a registered trademark. all rights reserved. © 2001 - 2025 digital atlantic corp.


