







the parador - houston, texas (713) 529-3050






















































                        home
                      



                        history
                      



                        facilities
                      



                        floorplan
                      



                        request an appointment
                      



                  welcome
                



                gallery
              



                catering
              



                venue details & pricing
              



                bar & beverage menus
              



                faqs
              







the parador - houston, texas (713) 529-3050





                        home
                      



                        history
                      



                        facilities
                      



                        floorplan
                      



                        request an appointment
                      



                  welcome
                



                gallery
              



                catering
              



                venue details & pricing
              



                bar & beverage menus
              



                faqs
              

























the paradorhistorical landmark × museum district























 

an events facility located in houston's museum district, the parador can be rented for weddings, private parties, corporate training events, and seminars. designated as a texas historical landmark, the parador is one of houston's premier social and corporate event venues. 





view fullsize







a original architectural rendering of the parador.





historybuilt in 1928, the parador stands as a testament to the architectural artistry of a distant era. marrying mediterranean style with byzantine detail, this magnificent building is designated as a texas historical landmark, and is the last of its kind in the houston's museum district.













"with its idyllic setting in the heart of houston’s museum district, this historic building has all the appointments of a 5-star hotel while at the same time providing an intimate atmosphere for the most romantic of events."





view fullsize







the parador today















the craftsmanship in creating this stunning five-sided structure is evident throughout. intimate spaces evoking a splendor of yesteryear meet with the grandeur of stately lounges, echoing a place in time and a beauty that is timeless. the third church of christ scientist served the congregation that had been organized as an offshoot of the growing first church of christ scientist. the structure was designed by j. rodney tabor of the jonas & tabor architectural firm.
























































































facilities the duomo


















































 



inspiring and elegant, the duomo is the centerpiece of the parador offering a spectacular setting for over 200 guests. light gently flows from its soaring thirty-five foot dome, bathing this exquisite space in golden tones. deep-hued wood underscores the gracefulness of its three-tiered floor. architectural details paint a picture of magnificence-through its arched doors await a covered loggia with an adjoining garden for guests to explore.under its soaring thirty-five foot dome, over 200 guests can be accommodated on a three-tiered floor for seated dinners and buffets and more for cocktails and receptions. wedding ceremonies under the duomo are magical and can seat up to 330 guests. the duomo also features a dance floor and raised stage. opening to a covered loggia, the guests may enjoy exploring the adjoining garden.



cloister room


































 



quaint and distinguished, the cloister reflects an understated elegance. connected is a 3,000 square foot idyllic setting where 200 guests can congregate for refined dinners and unique gatherings. for a change of scenery, the cloister offers a charming private courtyard where guests can socialize in an open air environment.this 3,000 square foot facility can accommodate over 200 for seated dinners with additional seating for reception available when expanded into its private courtyard.



the garden






















































 



a relaxing stroll through the gardens reveals the outer beauty of the parador. an enchanting environment, this stunning garden captures the attention of guests as they follow winding paths through a tranquil setting. amidst the flora stand sculpted fountains, lending a refreshing aesthetic to the natural surroundings. a picturesque backdrop for an outdoor wedding ceremony up to 220 guests or a dinner party for 50-150. the large garden features a central fountain, lawn, a pavilion and multiple seating areas surrounded by lush landscaping.

 

























  

floorplan
































make an appointmentplease use the form below to make an appointment. call us at (713) 529–3050 for further information.










              type of event
              
                *

select

private event
corporate event
ceremony & reception
reception only





              date of event
              
            
(if you're undecided please click "date not decided" below)



mm





dd





yyyy






 date not decided



              guest count
              
                *


1-50
51-100
101-150
151-200
201-250
251-300
300+





              first and last name
              
                *




first name





last name





              company name
              
            




              address
              
            



address 1





address 2





city





state/province





zip/postal code





country





              email address
              
                *





              phone
              
                *




(###)





###





####





              how did you hear about the parador?
              
            

the knot
weddings in houston
wedding wire
other





              additional comments for the parador
              
            
anything else you would like us to know before the appointment?






thank you for contacting the parador! you'll hear from us shortly!





   




















































back to top
parador, 2021 binz street, houston, tx, 77004, united states7135293050events@paradorhouston.com


the parador2021 binz houston, texas 77004(713) 529-3050email: events@paradorhouston.com 










