




light aircraft manufacturers association | lama light aircraft and sport aircraft





























home
member list
news
services & benefits
member comments
newsletter
board of directors
membership
 








welcome
lama’s mission is to equally and fairly provide to every member of lama:

representation to government, associations, and other entities
participation in voluntary consensus standards, quality assurance audits, and other technical services
timely communication and voting; and promotion of member products

statement of business
the light aircraft manufacturers association is a not-for-profit trade association representing manufacturers of light aircraft, aircraft kits, engines, propellers, avionics, parts/subassemblies, and suppliers and distributors to the light aircraft industry. lama supports members that provide products and services that meet civil aviation authority safety requirements worldwide primarily through self-declarative means of compliance.  lama has no other aviation business affiliations, and should be considered an unbiased and third-party friend of government and the light sport/light aviation industry and community.




latest news

new way to join/renew!
we have streamlined the membership application process! now all you have to do is... read more...


january 31st, 2025
lama positive about new faa acting head
press release jan 31, 2025 chris rocheleau appointed acting head of faa “thursday morning’s... read more...


january 22nd, 2025
thank you, brp-rotax!
the requirements for engines in aviation continue to evolve. they need to lower emissions,... read more...


december 16th, 2024
thank you, super petrel usa!
in 2014 when the first super petrel ls was granted the s-lsa approval, plans... read more...

view more



membership
lama membership consists of industry manufacturers, suppliers, service providers and consultants in the light sport, kit-built, evtol, ultralight and microlight aviation industry.  lama is dedicated to applying all our resources to enhance the success of this area of aviation. we have key alliances with faa, eaa, aopa, easa and other associations working on lsa.
view more
sun ’n fun lsa mall 2025
registration is open now for display spaces at the lsa mall on the sun ’n fun grounds. please complete your registration form now by clicking the link below.
register now



sponsors



















about usboard of directors
testimonials
services & benefits
resourcesnewsletters
lsa news
lsa market info
getting startedjoin lama
membership form
contact us


  
copyright © 2025 lama
				all rights reserved

















 
