 

pollock-krasner foundation





























 





skip to the primary navigation.skip to the content. 






 

homeaboutoverviewpollock-krasner legacyleadershipour grantspkf grantorganization grantlee krasner awardpollock prize for creativitygranteespollock-krasner recipientsorganization recipientslee krasner award recipientspollock prize recipientsgrantee image collectioninsightspress releasespublicationsmultimediaexhibitionsapplyhow to applygrant guidelinesapplication faqsapply onlinereturning users instagram

			pollock-krasner foundation		








 

aboutour grantsgranteesinsightsapplyhow to applygrants guidelinesapplication faqapply onlinereturning users

 





			our mission
		




 


our grants



			lee krasner & jackson pollock with their dog, gyp, on their springs property, ca. 1946. photograph by ronald j. stein. ©pollock-krasner house and study center, east hampton, ny. gift of the estate of ronald j. stein.		


our grants
pollock-krasner foundation grant
		the pollock-krasner foundation provides financial resources to emerging and established artists so they may focus on their work. funding can be used to create new work, acquire supplies, rent studio space, prepare for exhibitions, attend a residency and offset living expenses.
		learn more





			lee krasner & jackson pollock in their garden, springs, east hampton, 1949. photograph by wilfrid zogbaum. 
courtesy pollock-krasner house and study center, east hampton, ny.		


our grants
organization grant
		the foundation provides grants to non-profit organizations that directly engage with artists, such as museums by funding exhibitions, artist residency programs and also by supporting exhibitions and scholarship about krasner and pollock artwork. this grant is by nomination only.
		learn more





			lee krasner, photo ernst haas © getty images		


our grants
lee krasner award
		lee krasner awards are given in recognition of a lifetime of artistic achievement to artists with distinguished careers. this award is by nomination only.
		learn more





			jackson pollock, photo tony vaccaro © getty images		


our grants
pollock prize for creativity
		the pollock prize for creativity honors an outstanding artist whose work embodies high creative standards and exemplifies the impact of art on individuals and society. this grant is by nomination only.
		learn more


 




 
-    available now for download

-        lee krasner: the unacknowledged equal by carter ratcliff
-        learn more

close





through the generosity of lee krasner, one of the foremost abstract expressionist painters, the pollock-krasner foundation was established in 1985 to provide financial resources to individual visual artists internationally. to date, the foundation has awarded more than 5,100 grants to professional artists and organizations in 80 countries, for a total of over $90 million.


please be advised that the pollock-krasner foundation does not authenticate or attribute works of art.			


general faq
application faq
contact/ helpful links
grantee image collection
 follow us on instagram
 



©2025 pollock-krasner foundation
design: suka creative







