



















frontier - ground-breaking videogames


























































jump to main content (accesskey s)
jump to site navigation
jump to search











 menu
                







about usour gameselite dangerousf1® manager 2022f1® manager 2023f1® manager 2024jurassic world evolution 2jurassic world evolutionour gameographyplanet coaster 2planet coasterplanet zoowarhammer age of sigmar: realms of ruinfoundrynewslatest newspress releasesinvestorscorporate governancecorporate advisorsdirector biographies and committeesfinancial informationfinancial calendarlatest news (rns)annual and interim reportsshareholder informationaim rule 26gender pay reportesgesgcareersbenefits and rewardsprogrammer application guidancecontactstoresearch 







 



welcome to frontier











 
 

 


 
 





















ground-breaking videogames


we strive to create games that will put both frontier and the games industry itself at the forefront of the world entertainment industry.
frontier's founder david braben began his work in games back in 1982 when he co-authored the seminal game elite. david founded frontier in 1994 in order to build a team to continue creating high quality, innovative games in the rapidly evolving games industry with an ambition that only teams of skilled professionals can deliver.
frontier has thrived over the subsequent three decades. we have built a uniquely diverse catalogue of games – enabled by our cobra technology – that has defined genres, earned critical acclaim and won a place in the hearts of millions of players.
having worked with a succession of top publishers we now self-publish our own high quality, innovative games of different genres that embody our world-class expertise across all major gaming formats.


find out more
























 
planet coaster 2















 
warhammer age of sigmar: realms of ruin















 
f1® manager 2024















 
f1® manager 2023















 
f1® manager 2022















 
jurassic world evolution 2















 
planet zoo















 
jurassic world evolution















 
planet coaster















 
elite dangerous
















kinectimals














zoo tycoon














lostwinds














rollercoaster tycoon 3














disneyland adventures














lostwinds: winter of the melodias














screamride














tales from deep space


















latest updates










news article12th december 2024                            
planet coaster 2 receives first major update, plus the thrill-seekers ride pack is available now!












press release6th november 2024                            
get set for excitement and make a splash! your perfect day out is calling in planet coaster 2, available now!












press release11th september 2024                            
your ultimate theme park awaits - planet coaster 2 available to pre-order now









load more






















about usour gameselite dangerousf1® manager 2022f1® manager 2023f1® manager 2024jurassic world evolution 2jurassic world evolutionour gameographyplanet coaster 2planet coasterplanet zoowarhammer age of sigmar: realms of ruinfoundrynewslatest newspress releasesinvestorscorporate governancecorporate advisorsdirector biographies and committeesfinancial informationfinancial calendarlatest news (rns)annual and interim reportsshareholder informationaim rule 26gender pay reportesgesgcareersbenefits and rewardsprogrammer application guidancecontactstoresearch

privacy policy & legalmodern slavery statementdo not sell my personal informationterms and conditionsforumscookie declaration 
renew or change your cookie consent







© 2025 frontier developments plc. frontier and the frontier logo are trade marks of frontier developments plc, variably registered around the world. all rights reserved. all other trade marks and copyright are acknowledged as the property of their respective owners.

company registration no: 02892559
vat registration no: 374 4283 81









search

begin typing to search





close













