



		il fop lc	

















































illinois foplabor council
illinois foplabor council
877-ifop-911


critical incident hotline:877-ifop-911


 


















meeting
your hosts for the 41st annual meeting are the bargaining unit members from naperville. thursday, march 6 and friday march 7, 2025.
 




contact
our members are protected 24 hours a day by a staff of full-time, in-house attorneys and field representatives.


 





forms
click or tap here to get access to forms for grievances, dues deductions, non-member services, as well as relevant lodges and link.

 







fop labor council news






annual meeting keynote speaker: larry james
by il fop labor council staff







searches of personal cell phones
by jeff burke attorney







artificial intelligence and law enforcement
by robert jones attorney









we are incredibly proud of our amazing team at the labor council, who work tirelessly every day to ensure our members receive the support and representation they deserve. recently, we collaborated with calvisions to shine a light on the true essence of our mission. the video captures how we advocate for not only police officers but also corrections officers, telecommunicators, and other law enforcement professionals. without a union like ours, these dedicated individuals would have little say in their wages, benefits, or working conditions. through strong relationships with legislators and a team that includes retired officers, attorneys, and 24/7 support staff, we provide invaluable assistance in negotiations, legal protection, and mental health resources. the personal touch we offer, where members know the faces and voices advocating for them, is crucial. our continuous efforts ensure that our members are educated, empowered, and fully supported, whether through legal representation, ongoing training, or annual meetings. the work we do every day reflects our commitment to our members, helping them achieve the best possible outcomes in their careers and personal lives.












about us
since 1984, the illinois fop labor council has provided support to our members in the law enforcement field throughout the state of illinois. our proven record of success has made us a leader in the law enforcement labor field. 






our mission
our mission statement is "protecting those who protect us." we will unite all of our members into one strong union that adapts to a world where anti-union sentiment is on the rise. we will speak in one voice for our members.
 





our plan
educate and work with the public to win resources for services that make communities safer. find every opportunity for members to take leadership positions in their communities and keep our values strong in the years to come.
 





our vision
we will educate the public and our members. we will fight for reasonable compensation and benefits. we will not tolerate carelessness or neglect, and we will be accountable for what we do. we will never compromise our responsibilities.
 






services
the labor council provides a multitude of services to its members. every unit is represented by a field representative or a member of our legal team.



contracts
the labor council has decades of experience, and will negotiate with your employer to find the best possible contract.


grievances
not only will we negotiate contracts, we will be there every day to make sure your rights are enforced.


discipline
the labor council will work with your employer to help resolve issues of discipline fairly.


critical incident support
call 877-ifop-911.we're there when you need us, 24x7x365; our team responds instantly to critical incidents and can offer our assistance.


training
the labor council holds regular training sessions, including critical incident training to help you and others better handle traumatic events.


meetings
we have conferencing facilities in both northern and southern offices that are at your disposal.









contact us




executive board
executive board membersthe labor council executive board ensures a member-driven oversight of our activities. board members contribute to guiding the goals of the labor council, and overseeing our efforts to meet our many objectives. all of our board members are actual dues-paying members of the union.




media inquiries
media@fop.orgfor all media inquiries, you may contact us directly by calling 708-784-1010 and ask for your call be directed to media inquiries. for email, please use the address above and someone will respond to you in as soon as possible.






carol stream
carol stream staff450 gundersen drcarol stream, il 60188phone: 708-784-1010fax: 708-784-0058critical incident: 877-ifop-911






springfield
springfield staff974 clocktower drspringfield, il 62704phone: 217-698-9433fax: 217-698-9487critical incident: 877-ifop-911













facts




              12696            
members


533
units


47
staff members


41
years of service














we remember
"we must all remember that not one day is guaranteed to those of us who have chosen this path", chief john harrington




trooper clay m. carnsillinois state police






detective allan reddinsoak park police department






police officer enrique martinezchicago police department






k9 odinalton police department









resources




forms
pay for non-member servicesgrievance formgrievance extension formdues deduction form - new unitdues deduction form - new hiresdues deduction form - cccsdil. public sector actil. public labor rules



general
contact your elected officialsillinois fop journal - october issueillinois concerns of police survivorslaw enforcement officers memorial fundofficer down memorial page



lodges
grand lodge fopcook county court services deputiescook county lodge 357cook county sheriff's policecook county peace officers lodge #9idnr conservation policechicago lodge #7illinois fop state lodgeillinois troopers lodge #41



  




northern office
450 gundersen drcarol stream, il 60188united states +1 708 784 1010critical incident: 877-ifop-911media@fop.org
  


il fop lc
the ilfop labor council provides full union representation: negotiating and enforcing contracts, improving salaries, working conditions, and benefits for law enforcement professionals throughout illinois.
 

social media

sign up for our newsletter to get regular updates about the labor council's work, or check out our social media feeds.

   
terms 

southern office
974 clocktower drivespringfield, il 62704united states +1 217 698 9433critical incident: 877-ifop-911media@fop.org
  






















