








grandma jam's retro baking world - baking, cooking, recipes, competitions, food humor, nostalgia






















































grandma jam's retro baking world



baking, cooking, recipes, competitions, food humor, nostalgia

 


retro ugly food
kitschy holiday fun
menus of yesteryear
creative competitions
about
 






latest posts



cooking contests of yesteryear – early years, history of competitions for home cooks
janet marchbanksjanuary 27, 2015




cooking and recipe contests have been going on for many years, origins dating back into the 1800s and probably earlier. in october 1873, a novel idea was introduced at a… read more >
share this:click to share on pinterest (opens in new window)click to share on facebook (opens in new window)click to share on twitter (opens in new window)click to share on reddit (opens in new window)click to share on tumblr (opens in new window)click to print (opens in new window)


creative competitions
cooking contests



thanksgiving dinner 100 years ago – restaurant menus for 1914 dining on turkey day
janet marchbanksnovember 27, 2014




thanksgiving 2014 is today – oh yum! here are a few retro menus that were printed in newspapers in 1914, advertising thanksgiving dinners being served in local restaurants of the… read more >
share this:click to share on pinterest (opens in new window)click to share on facebook (opens in new window)click to share on twitter (opens in new window)click to share on reddit (opens in new window)click to share on tumblr (opens in new window)click to print (opens in new window)


menus of yesteryear
holidays, menus



kitschy holiday fun – sausage patties in acorn squash, halloween recipe from the 1940s
janet marchbanksoctober 28, 2014




    a main dish to “delight the kiddies”, create jack o’lantern faces out of food! this retro recipe was published in the newspaper in october 1946. sausage patties in acorn… read more >
share this:click to share on pinterest (opens in new window)click to share on facebook (opens in new window)click to share on twitter (opens in new window)click to share on reddit (opens in new window)click to share on tumblr (opens in new window)click to print (opens in new window)


kitschy holiday fun
holidays, recipes



retro ugly food – twin angel cake-pies 1950s era photo
janet marchbanksoctober 23, 2014




  hideous food styling showcasing a pair of decorated angel food cakes circa 1958. food photography seemed to have an entirely different meaning back in the mid-20th century (or is it… read more >
share this:click to share on pinterest (opens in new window)click to share on facebook (opens in new window)click to share on twitter (opens in new window)click to share on reddit (opens in new window)click to share on tumblr (opens in new window)click to print (opens in new window)


retro ugly food
mid-century food photos

 
 




 tagscooking contests
holidays
menus
mid-century food photos
recipes
 archives

january 2015
november 2014
october 2014

 looking for sweepstakes? visit instantwincrazy.com

 subscribe to blog via email


enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email.



							email address						







 
							subscribe						




 

 copyright © 2014-2025 grandmajam.com all rights reserved. our 11th anniversary!



 











