







lisa maliga


































































































cart
















0
















              books
            

              about
            

              specials
            



explore


            blog
          

              contact
            





back


              gallery
            

              videos
            

            book excerpts and book trailers
          

            home decor tips
          



















































































cart
















0











booksaboutspecials












explore

gallery
videos
book excerpts and book trailers
home decor tips

blogcontact









scroll






   

welcomefriends+readers



it's all about creativity
thanks for visiting lisa maliga's home on the web since 2001. you'll find plenty of nonfiction books to inspire your inner crafter. topics range from soap crafting to creating bath and body products to baking decadent desserts such as french macarons, chocolate cupcakes and brownies. the yolanda's yummery cozy mystery series is available in paperback, ebook and audible formats! watch and read these visually-enhanced video selections of some of lisa maliga’s titles. view the book excerpts and book trailers page.

 
 







  

 the home of yolanda's yummery cozy mysteries.
“deliciously crafted mysteries that will leave you hungry for more!”yolanda’s yummery cozy mystery series box set, books 1 -3

includes 3 full-length cozy mysteries and four free dessert recipes!pre-order your box set soon! available at all online bookstores.
 


    
arriving 2-14-25

 































lisa’s favorites




































































 








get the latestjoin our email list and get the latest book releases, giveaways, specials and more from lisa maliga. 




    yes!
  


















welcome to lisa maliga



celebrate every day



welcome banner



newsletter sign up








 

extrasspecialsgalleryvideos



booksfictioncookbooks & foodbath & beauty craftsother books



connectaboutblogprivacy policycontact 



















copyright 2025 lisa maliga  brand + site by dapper fox



















































