


welcome to rapid mvd albuquerque's premier mvd services and title company























 




hours and 
                    locations 


westside | coors 
                    and irving | map 
                    | phone: 505-899-8883
                    m- f 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. | closed saturdays 









 



(no driver's license / placards / id's issued)
rapid mvd moved as of november 1, 2021 to 9421 coors blvd
nw suite a,  albuquerque nm 87114 









 




 

 











 
 
 


 



nm title & registration transfers 
                            
vin inspection
boat/trailer 
motorcycles 
                            
out 
                            of state title & registration
printable 
                            mvd forms
surety 
                            bond



 







 
 
 
 
 
 


 



 our mission 
                    at rapid mvd is to provide mvd title & registration services 
                    that is fast, friendly and pleasant while enforcing the rules 
                    and regulations imposed by the state of new mexico. here at 
                    rapid mvd we are striving to be the most efficient mvd title 
                    & registration office in the state, by offering services 
                    such as our informative web site, saturday hours of operation 
                    and a high devotion to customer service, and by charging a 
                    service fee which is virtually the lowest in the state of 
                    nm. by only servicing customers that need vin inspections, 
                    title transfers, and registrations, our wait is much less 
                    than those others that also issue driver's licenses. dealing 
                    with your titles and registration should be quick, easy, 
                    and fast and we pledge to do our best to help you complete 
                    your required service, because here at rapid mvd, we are working 
                    hard to serve you! 
					  note:  the state of new mexico mvd started
					mailing all titles to customers and/or lienholders for transactions
					processed at all state and private offices on august 1, 2021.
 
 







 
 


 


 
 



rapid 
                    mvd services is locally operated by john lopez & family of albuquerque, who have 
                    been in the business of customer service for many years. the 
                    lopez family knows that in a fast pace world, time is a critical 
                    element and a 2-3 hour wait at the mvd is not something anyone 
                    wants to do. so when it is time to process your title transfer 
                    on a vehicle, boat, motorcycle, or atv you purchased or 
                    if you need to title and register for the first time in new 
                    mexico, come to rapid mvd and we will review your documents, 
                    do the required vin inspection for each customer with an out 
                    of state title, and we will issue you a new vehicle title 
                    quickly, because we pledge fast service, a pleasant atmosphere 
                    and convenient hours. our mvd facility is located next to sushi
					king on coors and irving. we accept 
                    visa, mastercard, discover, cash & debit.


 
 


 
 
 
 
 








 



© 
                      copyright 2011 rapid mvd - 
                      e-mail us 

                      westside | coors and irving | map 
                      | phone: 505-899-8883

                      westside : m- f 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. | closed saturdays 




 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 







