



	spinal and back pain relief chiropractic | cox technic


































home
doctors
training
find a physician
seminars, workshops, webinars
research
case reports
the system
how it helps
resources
the cox® table
product store
cox technic complete 
faqs


patients
how it helps
find a physician
conditions
treatment
faqs


about us
developer
instructors
staff
news
events
faqs
product store
newsletter sign up


contact us



















upcoming events




feb. 20, 2025


mayetta nj - hands-on workshop 4 ce...
		            		
dr. ted siciliano leads a hands-on workshop in the protocol application of cox® technic flex...
	            		





feb. 22, 2025


bayamon puerto rico - part i lumbar...
		            		
dynamic, fast-paced 15 hours weekend is the first step to incorporating the system of cox® technic int...
	            		


all events



cox® technic: the first name in spinal pain relief


our new contact number is: 260-637-6609
 




 
 


 what cox® technic is...and is not
 effects and goals

   

 
 
 


 the cox8® table
cox technic treatment 
 


 
 



 
 


 podcast - about cox technic
 scholarships to parts i/ii
 
   



cox® technic is evidence-based spinal manipulation with a
rich history of clinical and biomechanical research efforts performed in
laboratories with federal grants and in private practices with practitioner excitement
and desire to show what is possible with non-surgical, chiropractic spine care
for many spine conditions. in the realm of evidence based medicine, research,
clinical expertise and patient preference collide. that’s where cox® technic
flexion distraction resides. it’s spinal manipulation. it’s spinal
decompression. it’s an alternative to back surgery for many. it’s pain relieving.

research – from clinical case reports and series - online and in journals - collected and published by individual chiropractors to large scale federally
     funded biomechanical studies and high-level randomized clinical trials, cox®technic has developed a sturdy foundation of spine care research. in the
     largest data collection of low back pain outcomes (1000 cases), a mean of 12
     visits in 29 days to relieved pain. for cervical spine, 13 visits was the mean.
clinical expertise – from small group hands-on
     workshops in individual certified doctors’ offices to formal certification
     courses with highly experienced instructors, cox® technic research-documented
     protocols are demonstrated and practiced with chiropractic physicians being
     certified in cox® technic protocols: lumbar - cervical - thoracic. in the honors courses,
     certified cox® technic physicians share challenging and successful cases as well
     as the most recently published spine care research that affects their practices.
     online courses and live webinars allow physicians to keep up with the latest in
     spine care and cox® technic. see our full calendar of events and product store for neck and back pain patient, doctor and practice support items.
patient preference – patients and doctors use
     the “find a physician” online referral directory to get care for themselves
     and/or their patients from certified and well-trained cox® technic chiropractic
     physicians who are back pain specialists. the back doctors (audio) podcasts
     offer real patient case descriptions of cox® technic’s ability to relieve back pain,
     neck pain, arm pain, leg pain and other spine related conditions.



physicians wanting to keep up with the latest in cox® technic free, can check the weekly
news each tuesday, sign up for the monthly case reports & news that comes
out on the second tuesday of each month, and keep up with the social media - facebook, twitter, linkedin - where we post new info all the time!
patients seeking relief of their lower back pain and neck pain can rest easy knowing that cox® technic flexion distraction protocols are safe, gentle, and well-documented to help them. 
cox® technic works…for patients, for physicians, for researchers!
click the links below to follow us on social media! - facebook, twitter, linkedin and our blog! 
 






latest news



13
feb. 2025


biomechanical changes to the disc 




11
feb. 2025


podcast - dr karl louder - multiple disc herniations 




06
feb. 2025


video - dr olding - psp talk on tarlov cyst 


all news

















  


© 2025 cox technic.  f/d enterprise llc.  all rights reserved.

doctors   |   patients   |   about us   |   disclaimer   |   copyright   |   privacy   |   site map


facebook
twitter
linkedin
instagram
youtube
cox technic blog


website design 




 











   


