


home - american go association






























skip to main content











join the aga
sign inmenuhome 2025 go congress learn to play go find a club events calendar news aga ratings blogs









<

season 14 of the north american online league is open for sign up!
play in the naol and get reviews from professional and high dan players 
 
register now








welcome to the american go association
go is a game with just a few simple rules that is fun for all ages. rich with 3,000 years of tradition, it is also the most modern of games that develops strategic and spatial thinking useful at school, work and in everyday life. the member chapters of the aga promote the game across the united states welcoming people of all cultures to experience the world of go.








learn how to play go
follow these short tutorials to learn the few rules of the game. then explore a wealth of resources to learn more and begin playing.


learn more




join the aga
become an individual member of the aga or sign your club up as an aga chapter. play in rated local and national tournaments, participate in an online league, receive the member's edition of the american go e-journal and more.


learn more




play in the naol
compete against others at a similar skill level and get free game reviews from professional and high-dan players in each 2-month season. playing in the north american online league (naol) is a benefit of aga membership.

learn more











find a club near you
the aga has chapters all over the united states. use the interactive map to find one near you, when and where they meet, and how to contact them.

find a club








see your aga rating
track your progress and that of fellow members with the aga rating system. see your rating history and results of all your games.

view ratings










upcoming events


upcoming events
upcoming events



get your event listed




live streams and recorded events










go news





 recent articlesrecent articles

see more stories






menu links
learn to play go
find a club
events calendar
news
go congress
ratings
other links
about the aga
american go foundation
youth
benefit for 65+ seniors
tournaments
forums
elections
documents
archived website
contact us

terms of useprivacy policyget the aga e-journal
get important go news from the aga, links to upcoming events and new blog posts.
subscribe/unsubscribemake a donation to the aga
the aga runs on the generosity of people like you
donate today



1997-2022 american go association
powered by clubexpress



email us
contact@usgo.org


watch our livestreams







follow us on social media




















home   |   
	contact us   |   
	copyright © 2025 - all rights reserved   |   
	terms of use   |   
	privacy policy

powered by 









