










colter's bbq and catering




























































 




home
menu
catering
locations
jobs!
order online (dallas only)


























famous baked potatoes!


   


you’ve heard all about em! these hot bakers are a meal in themselves, try one today with your choice of chopped meat!

				get you one today!				





catering!


   


one call does it all! check out our catering page to find the right fit!

				click here to view the menu!!!				





homestyle side items


   


fresh side items, made daily. plenty of options to couple with your delicious smoked bar-b-q. did i mention cobbler is considered a veggie?

				click here to check out our side items!				








colter’s caters! colter's offers a variety of catering options to fit your every event need. don't be put off by our name, we offer a menu that includes many items outside of bbq. not to mention, if you don't see any item you like, your welcomed to call and speak with a catering manager to discuss your ideal menu. we pride ourselves on being one of the most affordable caterers in the dfw metroplex. call today and let colter's do your cooking!

 

feedback


i had tried other bar b q places in tx and by far this is the best place ever im out here for a conference i live in philadelphia pa and this is the best place in tx!
jose l


i love eating here it is delicious
a google user


been eating a colters since pretty much day one. when the family asks for bbq this is the place we head out the door to. makes ya feel like you're sittin on the back porch at grammaws house.
ed m.


"we have been going to colter's since the early 80s when it was called luther's."
lisa mccuistion



← previous
next →


 

kids eat free every wednesday night!!! every wednesday after 4:00pm, kids eat free with the purchase of a full priced adult meal ($6.95 and up!). one free kids meal, with every adult purchase. dine in only. no limit.

 









bbq tweets


call and get those turkey orders in!!! still have some to sell!thursday nov 15 - 12:45pmwe have 2 bus boy/dishwasher posititions open immediately. also still looking for a grill/cook. apply immediately o… https://t.co/ylynrtjpu0tuesday nov 13 - 4:04pm

follow @coltersbbq on twitter

 

hours of operationmonday11:00 am — 09:00 pmtuesday11:00 am — 09:00 pmwednesday11:00 am — 09:00 pmthursday11:00 am — 09:00 pmfriday11:00 am — 10:00 pmsaturday11:00 am — 10:00 pmsunday11:00 am — 09:00 pm 

 connect with colter’s


 










home
menu
catering
locations
jobs!
order online (dallas only)














