




















internet archaeology - global. open. free. peer-reviewed archaeological research





































about
all issues
metrics
donate
for authors
 search (via google)














the digital journal for archaeology. peer reviewed research. independent. non-profit. global. open. free.








latest issue
latest article
all issues











a route well travelled. the archaeology of the a14 huntingdon to cambridge road improvement scheme





slope classification of slovenia and selected field survey results from the slovenian motorway project (data paper)





wallgis: a database and gis for hadrian's wall (data paper)





different stories for different people - engagement with the archaeology of hs2 area north





open archaeology, open source? collaborative practices in an emerging community of archaeological software engineers





a protocol for when social media goes private





analysing the relationship between nationalism and the display of roman archaeology in britain's national museums





erimi-pitharka excavations. regional production and storage in the kouris valley





issue: big project, big data. creating a web of knowledge





pas & the potential of non-metallic finds: a viking comb from shotley, suffolk





mints not mines: a macroscale investigation of roman silver coinage





archaeological excavations and social impact at pontefract castle (data paper)





issue: digital archiving in archaeology: additional state of the art and further analyses





the submerged palaeo-yare: a review of pleistocene landscapes and environments in the southern north sea





tuff, flint, and hazelnuts: final palaeolithic and mesolithic occupation at netherhall road, maryport, cumbria





the high-status late medieval skull shaped relic in turku cathedral, finland - a study of its origin with oxygen and strontium isotope analyses





still entombed after all these years: the continuing twists and turns of a maze game





data management policies and practices of digital archaeological repositories





trait-based datasets of hunter-gatherer material culture. data paper





archaeology and public benefit. eac symposium proceedings





re-discovering archaeological discoveries. experiments with reproducing archaeological survey analysis





engagement, sustainability and diversity: examining recent heritage policy in norway





evidence of viking trade and 'danelaw' connections? inset lead weights from norway and the western viking world





issue: digital archiving in archaeology: the state of the art









great excavations: methodological considerations arising after a major archaeological infrastructure project for the a14 cambridge to huntingdon road improvement scheme





selecting sites and telling stories: fieldwork practice and emerging narratives for the archaeology of hs2 phase one





the agency of civilians, women, and britons in the public votive epigraphy of roman britain





the pulborough gold torc: a 4th to 3rd century bce artefact of european significance





beyond abandonment: diachronically mapping the transformation of domestic sites in rome and its environs (1st-7th centuries ce)





debating ai in archaeology: applications, implications, and ethical considerations





the ashwell project: creating an online geospatial community





managing the archaeology of the 18th to 20th centuries. eac symposium proceedings





enhancing data synthesis and research potential in british environmental archaeology





the excavation of a romano-british site at netherhall road, maryport





archaeology and the natural environment. eac symposium proceedings





hs2 phase one: heritage gis digital archive (data paper)





on the discovery of a late acheulean 'giant' handaxe from the maritime academy, frindsbury, kent





a quick buck: an early licensed whisky distillery at blackmiddens farm in the cabrach





a north-western habitat: the paleoethology and colonisation of a european peninsula





why did cities evolve in gharb al-andalus? network analysis as a potential method for charting city growth





stratigraphic analysis and the matrix





tweets in the peak: twitter analysis - the impact of covid-19 on cultural landscapes





climate change and archaeology. eac symposium proceedings





grave goods in early medieval europe: regional variability and decline





digital heritage and public engagement: reflections on the challenges of co-production










investigation of borrow pit tea28 bp3, fenstanton, cambridgeshire, uk





the first step towards fair-ness in bulgarian archaeology





the restoration of archaeological sites, old perceptions and new narratives: the case of sparta





fenland fields: evolving settlement and agriculture on the roddon at viking link substation, bicker fen, lincolnshire





behind closed doors: the human remains trade within private facebook groups





issue: international data aggregation for archaeological research and heritage management: the ariadne experience





a medieval drawbridge pit and the stories it tells us, excavations at pontefract castle, 2019-2020





feeding anglo-saxon england (data paper)





archaeological excavations on the scpx pipeline, azerbaijan 2013-2018





archaeological research 2014 to 2021: science maps of its intellectual base, collaborative networks & conceptual language





linked data for the historic environment





radiographic technique for archaeological human dry bones: a scoping review





'the technological sublime': combining art and archaeology in documenting change at the former raf coltishall (norfolk, uk)





a lockpick's guide to dataarc: designing infrastructures and building communities to enable transdisciplinary research





iron age settlements and roman roads: archaeological fieldwork along the angelinos trunk water main in north oxfordshire





the mobile phone in late medieval culture





the army basing programme, stonehenge and the emergence of the sacred landscape of wessex





using dslr to 'scan' colour slides: learning from the digitising jemdet nasr 1988-1989 project





from archive to gis: recovering spatial information for tholos iv at the palace of nestor





finnish maritime archaeology through its publications





listening to dura europos: an experiment in archaeological image sonification





living standards and material culture in english rural households 1300-1600. data paper





hollis croft, sheffield, south yorkshire: old site and new connections








more articles







 
















terms and conditions | legal/accessibility statements |
                privacy policy | cookies policy | citing ia
 scheduled maintenance period: tuesdays 8-9am (gmt). the website may sometimes be unavailable during this period.
            
internet archaeology is an open access journal.  issn 1363-5387. except where otherwise noted, this work is licenced under a creative commons attribution 3.0 unported licence. internet archaeology is archived and preserved by the archaeology data service. internet archaeology is based at the department of archaeology at the university of york, published under the imprint of the council for british archaeology. journal doi: 10.11141/issn.1363-5387
email: editor@intarch.ac.uk
            






































