


eclectus parrots - eclectusville! susie christian eclectus parrot breeder rose breasted cockatoos, solomon islands, and red sided available now!












 






























								i will be taking a break from raising galahs and eclectus for a while.  i'd like to direct you to some great breeders who may have galah and eclectus babies for you.


								for galahs, please contact:

								john aynes at https://www.facebook.com/oakhillaviancenter or http://www.oakhillaviancenter.com/

								
								for eclectus, please contact:

								lisa woodworth at http://www.templeaviaries.com/

								laurella desborough at  http://www.eclectusbreeder.com/

								you might check in with me because i may know of eclectus babies available through other breeders.  


								thank you, dear friends.  

								susie christian  winged1s@aol.com









about us  |  ask the breeder  | rosie ranch    
								the aviary  |  art work  |  auras  |  bird stories  |  care and maintenance
stories  |  friends & faces  |  tribute to the usa   
favorite links  |  link to eclectusville  |   awards  |  our award 
								articles | recent articles | custom art and design | site map 













what's new at eclectusville!!!









now i lay me down to sleep  by susie christian










twinkle twinkle little star (web version)
twinkle twinkle little star (print version)









the adventures of


pop x: the rise of the super-heroes 
									and their impact on pop culture

a smithsonian educational project 
by susie christian and grace wheeler
action packed adventure + back story!































custom designs and artwork by susie christian, for your projects and special events!












inquire for availability










available babies
















susie christian 








from a guide to eclectus parrots:
susie christian began breeding birds in 1978, starting with cockatiels. she purchased a pair of vosmaer's eclectus 10 years later and was besotted with their sheer beauty and elegance. her eclectus parrot collection grew with this and another five subspecies.


with colleague dale thompson, susie did extensive research into the eclectus subspecies including hands-on rearing experiences. amongst her own breeding experiences susie has fostered fertile eclectus eggs to infertile pairs, who hatched and reared the young perfectly. recently she established a colony aviary set-up housing vosmaer's and solomon island eclectus in an effort to enable them to pair bond naturally. susie allows jasper, her pet aru island eclectus cock, free roam of her home. jasper has proven the ability of the eclectus to talk. he also raises his own young in the nest box located next to susie's computer.

to date susie has raised some 400 eclectus parrot chicks. dale and susie contributed to the taxonomy and identification of subspecies sections.
click for ordering information: a guide to eclectus parrots (revised edition)

about susie christian















origins and natural history of the eclectus parrot










the eclectus parrot
												by dale r. thompson & susie christian
												origins and natural history of the eclectus parrot, 
origins and natural history of the eclectus parrot, distribution and migration maps, and subspecies.










care and maintenance:













the plan for trimming primary feathers






our bird diet






primary wing feather clip

















            
        


email me 



copyright ©2001, susie christian 
photography by susie christian©


all rights reserved by respective parties. no portion of this site may be duplicated or
						reused in any form without the express written permission of susie christian

						
						last updated october 22, 2018 
bear canyon productions


