









home - diverse imaging



















































 

































home
about us
portfolio
testimonials
contact us
1-845-225-1155












 



















 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





















welcome to
diverse imaging

your printing and design solution

welcome to diverse imaging, your cost-effective online print, web,custom hosting shop. we specialize in high-quality printing, web andgraphic design, custom hosting, and much more. our dedicated team iscommitted to providing you with exceptional customer service.
with years of experience and expertise, we have the tools, technique, and talentto drive extraordinary creations and re-creations for your business.
 
from launching new initiatives to strengthening established brands, we’re ready to take your marketing communications to the next level. save time and professionalize your business with our all-in-one solution. join us today and experience the highest caliber work available.








our process

the wheels are always turning here!our clients return again and again because we’ve got the tools,technique and talent to drive extraordinary creations and re-creations.
 
whether you’re launching a new initiative, strengthening an established brandor evolving in response to emerging needs, we’re ready to take your marketing communicationsto the next productive cycle. 
diverse imaging can provide you with everything you needto service, advertise and professionalize your business, all in one stop!our goal is to save you time, as well as give you quality products at affordable prices.
 
for a number of years, we have managed major campaigns and earned our clients return business.we are expert in working with many key industries, such as, both federal government, local government, schools, real estate, museums, artists,healthcare facilities, clinics, doctors offices,  financial institutions , restaurants, professional services and education, with this list continually expanding.
 
we pride ourselves on producing the highest caliber work available.








planning
we believe, as with anything else, that communication is a key component for for planning to achieve a smooth and sucessful end result. we will devise a well-crafted, strategic marketing plan to set your marketing goals, conduct a marketing audit, conduct market research, analyze the research, identify your target audience, determine a budget, develop specific marketing strategies and set a implementation schedule.








organization
introducing diverse imaging’s innovative marketing campaign! we understand the importance of organization when it comes to achieving successful results. with our expertise in planning and executing campaigns, we ensure every detail and scope is meticulously organized. by ordering proper materials ahead of time, we guarantee a seamless and efficient process. let us take your marketing communications to the next level, delivering extraordinary creations tailored to your unique needs. trust us to save you time while providing high-quality products at affordable prices. join us today and experience the difference of a well-organized marketing campaign.








support
collaboration can help you create better graphic design solutions by bringing different perspectives, skills, and feedback to the table through communication, by getting inspiration by our clients ideas, and refine your own concepts. you can also benefit from the input of clients and stakeholders, who can provide valuable insights into the goals, needs, and preferences of the target audience. collaboration can also boost your creativity, motivation, and satisfaction, as we work together towards a common vision.









who we are

located in the hudson valley of new york state, diverse imaging and our talented associates have 46 years experience in the advertising, design, electrical schematic, photo and printing industries, which have over the years have taken us worldwide for us to offer our diverse services to many consumers and small businesses as well as corporations.

we want to thank you all 

just call us now or request a call

1-845-225-1155



support












achievements

diverse has reached amazing milestones, along with us having our work in the us library of congress, nih medicine plus magazine, nasa in addition to several fortune 500 companies we still enjoy working with startups.











projects completed








happy clients










awards earned








years experience










our services

our clients return again and again because we’ve got the tools, knowledge and drive.








marketing
at diverse imaging we follow through with product, price, place, promotion, people, process, and physical evidence. 








web design
diverse imaging website design is focused with both the site’s usability and its aesthetic. the layout and color scheme, are facets of the website’s appearance where the web designer would concentrate to create a website that’s visually appealing and digestible.








development
diverse imaging developers  foucs on adding  functionalities. the developer will translate the designer’s mockups, wireframes, and other assets to assure the mechanics are in tune with the site.










custom hosting
diverse hosts offers an array of hosting products and packages optimized for your needs. call us & learn about our custom hosting plan options!








ecommerce
diverse imaging goes beyond just marketing to include every part of a product and is vital to engaging new and returning customers and increasing demand.








branding
here at diverse imaging we will create a lasting brand impression from brand identity, positioning and brand strategy, global marketing strategy to product strategy and creation of website, flyers, magazine builds to social media.









custom hosting







search engine optimization

title tags, meta descriptions and tagged images are key to seo.

welcome to diverse imaging, where creativity meets excellence. we are your ultimate solution for all your printing, design and website needs.
our dedicated team listens closely to your requirements, utilizing several cutting-edge ai seo applications to target your service area and industry, maximizing your seo results.
with years of experience and a passion for innovation, we offer high-quality printing, web, and graphic design services, as well ascustom hosting solutions. whether you’re launching a new initiative or looking to strengthen your brand, our all-in-one solution saves you time anddelivers exceptional results. join us today and experience the difference of diverse imaging – where extraordinary creations come to life.contact us now to take your business to the next level.













 











your printing and design solution







contact us




p.o. box 1613 carmel ny 10512






845-225-1155











© copyright 2025 all rights reserved



followfollow



 




































