







office of the state fire marshal | osfm













































skip to main content






















ca.gov







instagram
facebook
youtube
flickr
twitter





emergency? call 911

translate


settings
















default




high contrast






reset





increase font size

increase 
                                        font
                                        size 








decrease font size

decrease 
                                        font
                                        size 





dyslexic font















translate this website:














 


office of the state fire marshal











about






what we do




what we do


code development and analysis


community wildfire preparedness and mitigation


fire and life safety


fire engineering and investigations


pipeline safety and cupa


state fire training






our impact






committees






resources






join us







site search



search this site:







search





 












:
office of the state fire marshal

fire prevention, engineering, training, and enforcement






find what you need
:
explore by profession

whether you're a firefighter, building professional, business owner, or researcher, our knowledge hub offers curated resources and information specifically for you. find what you need to know about fire safety, regulations, training, and more.


select profession



firefighters and emergency responders
building, design, and construction professionals
business owners, distributors, and vendors
homeowners and individuals
researchers and students
inspectors and code enforcement officials
fire and explosion investigation professionals
government agencies and policy makers





rebuilding after wildfire
whether you’re preparing your home before a wildfire or rebuilding afterward, understanding the steps you should take to harden your home against wildfire is critical.  increase your home’s resilience by following our home hardening guidelines.
explore options for new building materials or affordable retrofitting options that enhance your home’s defense against wildfires in california.

 


🔗 building in the wildland
🔗 wildland urban interface products
🔗 low-cost retrofit list
🔗 wildfire home retrofit guide







our mission
the office of the state fire marshal (osfm) is the cal fire program that protects life and property through the development and application of fire prevention, engineering, training and education, and enforcement.




fire hazard severity zones
fire hazard severity zone maps recognize areas of increased fire danger in california. view the current and proposed maps, and learn more about fire hazard severity zones.

fhsz maps and info














news and updates


















information bulletins




stay in the know with our latest news and information bulletins! discover what's happening and be the first to catch the latest developments.                                                    











building materials listing




the osfm listing service provides building authorities, architectural and engineering communities, contractors, and the fire service with a reliable and readily available source of information. 











crime alert - arson




please read the attached crime alert.  if you have any information, please contact the office of the state fire marshal arson and bomb unit at arsonbomb@fire.ca.gov or call the cal fire arson hotline at 1-800-468-4408.                                                    














building a stronger california
california is taking bold steps to fortify its communities against the wildfire threat. through innovative strategies, cutting-edge technology, and a united front, we're building resilience like never before.
learn more about wildfire preparedness
















govmotus
pay fees, look up license status and more!

                                    the govmotus system allows for quick and easy payment options for license application fees, license status lookups, complaints, and building materials listings.
                                    


                                        
visit govmotus fire page

















stay up to date
visit our recall page to access up-to-date information on recalls affecting fire and safety equipment.

see current recalls 















safety first, service always
the office of the state fire marshal (osfm) is the cal fire program that protects life and property through the development and application of fire prevention, engineering, training and education, and enforcement. the team at osfm are dedicated professionals committed to serving and safeguarding the people, property, and resources of california.  stay connected with us on social media or contact us for more information.



cal fire facebook
cal fire instagram
twitter








 joe tyler
director / fire chief 





daniel berlant
state fire marshal 



























quick links






defensible space


govmotus fire permits


fire hazard severity zones


recalls


subscribe


2024 strategic plan










divisions






code development & analysis


community wildfire preparedness & mitigation


fire & life safety division


fire engineering & investigations


pipeline safety & cupa


state fire training










training resources






available classes


state fire training portal


continuing education (fstep)


professional certification (cfstes)


instructor registration


instructor database
















back to top
accessibility
conditions of use
privacy policy
site map
glossary of terms







                copyright © 2025 state of california
            




back to top











