


























online degrees & programs | oregon state ecampus | osu degrees online









































skip to main content
























 request info
 800-667-1465
 contact ecampus
 ask ecampus
 osu mobile
 beaver hub
 canvas
 libraries







ecampus faculty support
ecampus research unit
open educational resources unit
corporate and workforce education
staff directory










oregon state university ecampus • degrees online







online
 
ecampus






request info






 menu



home


about



about us
about ecampus

top-ranked in the nationtop-ranked
how classes are deliveredcourse delivery
online course preview  
military
tribal communities
experiential learning
ask ecampus
stories and newsstories and news
for journalists




degrees & programsdegrees

all degrees & programs
browse programs by topic  
undergraduate degrees & coursesundergraduate degrees
  compare degrees  
  honors degree
  course sequences
graduate degrees
certificates
microcredentials
  microcredential details
minors
continuing and professional educationcontinuing education







admissions


admissions overview
first-year
transfer
second-degree
nondegree
graduate
international
returning to osu?  



tuition

tuition information
tuition rates
tuition & fees calculator  tuition calculator  
  tuition comparison
financial aid & scholarships
billing, payment & refunds



classes

schedule of classes
  all credit classes
  classes in portland


register for classes
academic calendar
course overrides
nondegree/visiting studentsnondegree students
language placement testing  



for studentsstudents



all ecampus students
  current students
  newly admitted students  newly admitted
  returning students
learning in portland






2025 graduation info  
military students & veteransmilitary/veterans





for facultyfaculty



ecampus faculty support
benefits of partnering with ecampusecampus partnership benefits









contacts for faculty
ecampus research unit
open educational resources unit  



apply nowapply


request info























start yourjourney now

explore programs by topic
all topics
adult and higher education
analytics
business and communications
computer science
conservation and natural sciences
counseling
education
engineering
health and human sciences
humanities
languages
science
social sciences


chris burkeb.a. in business administration









powered by innovation.
experience online learning infused with more than 150 years of putting the learner first and 11 straight years of top 10 national rankings by u.s. news & world report.
learn about osu ecampus »



















high-quality education
every oregon state online class is built to meet the highest standards in online teaching and course design in order to engage and challenge you.






affordable learning
we're reducing student debt with low-cost course materials, innovative collaborations with national employers and unique financial assistance models.




student support
learn online with osu and tap into success coaching, academic advising, free tutoring, library resources, disability access services and more.






world-class faculty
the osu faculty who teach online are experts in their field, and their classes are designed specifically for students in the online environment.












115+ degreesand programs
no matter what your personal interests and career goals are, we deliver a wide array of online and hybrid programs that meet your needs and fit your lifestyle.



in-demandmicrocredentials
develop highly specialized skills when you complete a microcredential online. you'll earn a digital badge and prove to employers you're ready for what's next.



15,000+students
the oregon state students who take classes fully online represent all 50 states, more than 60 countries and a diverse collection of passions, cultures and ambitions.



1,200+ facultypartners
partnering with 1,200+ osu faculty members ensures that every ecampus course is developed in house and is designed specifically for online delivery.








 


oregon state does a good job of giving you opportunities to go out into the field to apply the concepts you are learning online. it was more than just studying. it was feeling that you're a part of a community.


joshua chan burgosb.s. in anthropology and b.s. in sustainability




i realized i needed some more skills to make myself a better employee (and) to have the opportunity to go back to school and not be removed from your community is really big.


joe petersmaster of natural resources




i wanted to learn to be a better communicator, a better steward of the earth, a better problem-solver and a better human being so i can contribute solutions to challenges our world faces.


ashley hatlebergb.s. in natural resources




earning my degree means  i accomplished something i never thought i’d be able to do. anyone who has ever thought that higher education wasn’t for them, take that thought, throw it on the ground and stomp on it.


taniah johnsonb.s. in human development and family sciences













oregon state does a good job of giving you opportunities to go out into the field to apply the concepts you are learning online. it was more than just studying. it was feeling that you're a part of a community.


joshua chan burgosb.s. in anthropology and b.s. in sustainability






i realized i needed some more skills to make myself a better employee (and) to have the opportunity to go back to school and not be removed from your community is really big.


joe petersmaster of natural resources






i wanted to learn to be a better communicator, a better steward of the earth, a better problem-solver and a better human being so i can contribute solutions to challenges our world faces.


ashley hatlebergb.s. in natural resources






earning my degree means  i accomplished something i never thought i’d be able to do. anyone who has ever thought that higher education wasn’t for them, take that thought, throw it on the ground and stomp on it.


taniah johnsonb.s. in human development and family sciences












 



tips and tools to get you started

how to select the best school for online degrees
we’ve devoted 20+ years to infusing every oregon state online course with the level of quality you deserve. but what do we mean by “quality”? it’s an important question for you to ask (and for us to answer), so here are five specific things to look for as you evaluate the quality of an institution’s online learning experience. discover what makes osu stand out online »
a beginner's guide to returning to school as an adult
if you’re considering going back to school as an adult, the sheer number of tasks you’re supposed to do and understand how to do can be overwhelming. so we’re here to help explain everything you need to do and take care of — from exploring your options through starting your first term. explore our how-to guide »
what makes a good online course? here are 3 factors
oregon state faculty and staff spend six months developing each online class, resulting in a course that "enhances student learning because it ensures that students are receiving high-quality learning experiences online." but what does that entail? allow us to explain the basics. learn about our commitment quality »
5 questions to ask when choosing an online program
here’s an obvious bit of information: earning a college degree online takes a lot of hard work. do you know what else requires an ample amount of your time? researching which university to apply to and which degree program to enroll in. at oregon state ecampus, we can help you pinpoint a program that matches your interests and can take your career to the next level. read more »












contact us directly
our knowledgeable staff of enrollment services specialists will answer your specific questions about osu ecampus online degree programs, courses, the application process and how to get started.
800-667-1465
ecampus@oregonstate​.edu
8 a.m.–4 p.m. pt, monday–friday





request information

 






required fields marked with











what program are you most interested in?





degree type


choose...
undergraduate
graduate
microcredential
courses only


please select a degree type.














program of interest


choose...

please select the program you're interested in.
























delivery type interest


choose...
online
hybrid


please select the delivery type you're interested in.










what type of student are you?


choose...
new to osu
returning to osu


please select your student type.













first name



please enter your name.





middle name









last name



please enter your name.





email



please enter a valid email address.














country


choose...
united states of america


please select your country.








state


choose...

please select your state.

















phone


xxx-xxx-xxxx

please enter your phone.







opt-in to text messages? †














please check all affiliations that apply to you.



veteran, reservist, active duty, or military family member








tribal affiliated








employer tuition benefit program member














please select one affiliation that applies to you.



amazon employee








cflpa member








edassist partner company employee













edassist employer name










federal government employee (federal academic alliance)













please specify the agency










guild partner company employee



you have selected that you're an employee of a guild partner company. we encourage you to complete the guild pre-application instead of this form because you'll receive information that's specific to your guild enrollment. if you have additional questions after your pre-application, consider emailing our enrollment services team directly. they can answer your questions and get you on the right track.





oregon association chiefs of police








peet's coffee employee








phpa member








samaritan health services employee












request form cookie landing page







request form cookie landing page date







request form cookie query string







request form cookie query string date

















to receive a call from an enrollment specialist within 3-5 business days, check the box and be sure to enter your phone number above.


















learn more about how this program facilitates licensure within the u.s. state(s)/territory(s) where licensure is intended.
                                




yes, i have read the requirements for licensure.



please indicate you have read the requirements.














                                    you can earn an honors degree online in any undergraduate degree program.
                                




i'd like to learn more about the online honors degree



please indicate if you are interested.














to ensure that you receive emails from us, please add "ecampus@oregonstate.edu" and these domains to your safe senders list: “@oregonstate.edu,” “@discover.oregonstate.edu” and “@email.oregonstate.edu.” † all mobile information you share will remain confidential and will never be given to external sources. any costs associated with receiving a text message are the responsibility of the individual receiving the message. opting in to this mobile text messaging service from ecampus is free of charge, however, message and data rates may apply from your wireless carrier. 





















footer





contact info
about us
providing access to quality education with 115+ online degree programs
oregon state ecampus
            	4943 the valley library
				201 sw waldo place
            	corvallis, or  97331
800-667-1465 | 541-737-9204
land acknowledgment




quick navigation
resources
contact us
ask ecampus
join our team
online giving
authorization and compliance
site map
renew cookie consent




our division
division of educational ventures
about the division
about ecampus
degrees and programs online
ecampus research unit
open educational resources unit
corporate and workforce education unit
center for the outdoor recreation economy
staff directory




social media and canvas
































copyright 2025              oregon state university
privacy information and disclaimer
for faculty
ecampus staff portal
w3c validation:
              html5 +
              css3 +
              wave
























oregon state ecampus4943 the valley librarycorvallis, or 97331800-667-1465 | 541-737-9204



