



missing manuals landing page







































skip to main content












sign in
try now
o’reilly platform




teams

for business
for government
for higher ed


individuals
features

all features
courses
certifications
interactive learning
live events
answers
insights reporting


plans
blog
content sponsorship

close
search












      missing manuals resources
    




looking for the missing cds? we’ve moved!


all missing cd pages are now available at resources.oreilly.com/examples. find the title you’re looking for using the “search by name” field in the upper right. 

then just click on the title to find the missing cd contents.


if a missing manual had example files or online-only content available, these will be visible in the first section of the page. you can navigate within these folders and open files directly in the gitlab user interface to read their contents. you can also download these resources (by tapping the download icon) or clone the repo using git.



links and other outside resources cited in the book are in the missing cd-rom section, which lives within the repo’s readme file. you can view these either by clicking on the readme button at the top of the page or the readme.md link within the first list on the website, or by scrolling further down the page.



if you can’t find the resources or missing manual pages you need, please contact support@oreilly.com for assistance.









about o’reilly

teach/write/train
careers
o’reilly news
media coverage
community partners
affiliate program
submit an rfp
diversity
o’reilly for marketers





support

contact us
newsletters
privacy policy
ai policy

linkedin-logo
youtube-logo


international

australia & new zealand
hong kong & taiwan
india
indonesia
japan





download the o’reilly app
take o’reilly with you and learn anywhere, anytime on your phone and tablet.






watch on your big screen
view all o’reilly videos, superstream events, and meet the expert sessions on your home tv.






do not sell or share my personal information






© 2025, o’reilly media, inc.  all trademarks and registered trademarks appearing on oreilly.com are the property of their respective owners.
terms of service • privacy policy • editorial independence • modern slavery act statement






