

home | tahlequah public schools













































































skip to contentdonateparentsinformation leadershipstaffsearch sitetahlequah public schools - donateparentsinformation leadershipstaffsearch sitemenuschoolstranslatemenuschoolstranslateskip galleryend of gallerysylogistemploymenttransportationcalendarathleticschild nutritiontahlequah emaildonate nowtigers roarprevious tigers roar itemhigh school cross countrygirls cross countryths and tms choirlincoln johnson and holly siskokste outstanding teacher of the year: sara estep isibindi house raised money for the jim wilson lunch account!tps honored the tahlequah public schools foundation at the september board meeting. we are thankful for all they do for the students and teachers at tps!tps recognized mr. ronnie rogers for his years of service in the district. this years begins his 47th year as a tahlequah employee! thank you for your dedication!tahlequah robotics was honored for competing in the vex iq world championship in dallas, tx. six robotics teams from elementary and middle school competed at the world level, bringing home the inspire award and sportsmanship award! this is an amazing accomplishment!lincoln johnson was honored for winning the new york cabaret competition in durango, colorado this fall. he will sing in nyc at rose hall in lincoln center next fall!! this is an amazing honor, and we are so proud of the way lincoln represents our school!robby batson was honored for achieving the amazing honor of being selected as a national merit scholar and an oklahoma academic all stater! he is only one of six seniors across oklahoma to score a perfect score of 36 on his act!!kaidon drechsler is your 2023 junior high all state champion! kaidon finished the tournament with all pins with his fastest being in 10 seconds! what a way to cap off such a great tournament! go tigers!next tigers roar itemfind ustahlequah public schools225 n water ave.tahlequah, ok 74464ph: 918-458-4100fax: 918-458-4103schoolstahlequah public schoolssequoyah pre-k centercherokee elementary schoolgreenwood elementary schoolheritage elementary schooltahlequah middle schooltahlequah central academytahlequah high schoolstay connectedtahlequah public schools prohibits discrimination in its education programs and activities, admission programs of students, recruitment, selection and/or employment on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender expression, gender identity, genetic information, pregnancy, age, national origin, veteran status, or disability. the district provides equal access to designated youth groups, including boy scouts of america. tahlequah public schools complies with federal and state regulations for implementing title ix of the education amendment of 1972, title vi, the age discrimination act, section 504, and title ii of the americans with disabilities act (ada).copyright © 2025 tahlequah public schools. all rights reserved.powered by apptegy visit us to learn more

