






























the naz church | central ohio worship | church of the nazarene









































 










click here to stay connected with the naz church








				livestream happening in…
			






						give					


















give





events





livestream




























rise up
messages

livestream
message archive


nextgen

naz kdz early childhood
naz kdz elementary
naz yth pre
naz yth mid & high


next steps

forward
baptism
ownership
i said yes
next steps
groups
classes


alpha
prayer

prayer resources
prayer requests


about

contact us
what we believe
the team
church resources
plan your visit

naz commons/cafe/playplace


the grove
ministry teams

grove city christian childcare
grove city christian school
iglesia del nazareno de grove city
outreach

missions


spirit of peace counseling
sports
men of naz
women of the naz






















						rise up					









click here to learn about our service times



 









whatever your thoughts on church,
whatever your beliefs about god,
whatever is going on in your life,
we’re here for you.







 




reach out & let us know how we can be there for you


 





					what to expect				

at the naz, you will immediately be welcomed by a friendly face,
casual environment, and people who are excited to see you.
on the weekends, each service lasts a little over an hour. you can expect to hear thought provoking and engaging messages, high-energy worship and fun
teaching for your kids.



 







					welcome to the naz				

there is a lot of great information on this site, but we also realize that information is not necessarily what will change your life or your circumstances, so know that there is someone at the naz who is willing to talk. you are only a phone call, an email, or an in-person visit away from speaking with someone who has experienced the help and hope that christ can bring into your life. we’re fans of creativity and biblical truth and we present them in relevant ways that apply to everyday life. we look forward to the privilege of sharing life together with you.













 





						messages						







						nextgen & youth						







						prayer						







						ministry teams						







						about						







						connect						






 













one time, jesus shared his high value placed on little ones when he said, “let the little children come to me and do not hinder them, for the kingdom of heaven belongs to such as these.”


					- matthew 19:14 (niv)				












					connecting families				

creating age-level experiences that partner with families to help children & students take their next step toward jesus christ.
we have the wonderful calling of caring for god’s kids and ensuring that they are being awakened to who god is. the naz is home to nextgen (early childhood and elementary) and naz yth (pre, mid, and high). we are here to make sure church is a place for all kids and all families. your children and teens have the opportunity, throughout the week, to grow relationships with each other and with god.


 









					new to the naz? get to know us here!				

whether your need is spiritual, physical, emotional, or relational – we are here to help you take your next steps.
download our app today!












 











			check out this weeks worship playlist		


 





the naz church spotify podcast




 


















 


















messages
nextgen
next steps
ministry teams
prayer
about
give
join our team









grove city location the naz church
4770 hoover rd.
grove city, oh 43123
614.875.2551
info@thenaz.church
the grove

 follow us  



 



 



 



 




 
ministries of the naz 



 get in touch














"*" indicates required fields


name*email*

messagecaptchanamethis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
 











 






							© 2025 the naz church | all rights reserved | privacy policy





top








                  


			×			





				preparing items to sell			


print tags from salesmanager.
price items in .50 cents increments(.50,1.00,1.50).
attach tags to clothing using 1” or larger safety pins. you may also use a tagging gun. no straight pins, staples, or tape.
pin tags to upper left corner of clothing (as if you are wearing it.
when tagging toys please use packing tape.
when tagging shoes please place them in a large bag and tape the tag on the bag, or you may use a zip tie.
items with more than one piece should be pinned together.
tops and pants should be folded.
coats, jackets, suits, and dresses should be placed on hangers. make sure they are securely fastened to the hanger and that the hook of the hanger is facing toward the right shoulder



			close			





				items that may be sold			

clothing – fall/winter
we accept the items below that meet the clothing guidelines.

girls clothing: sizes 0-16 and pre-teen (no juniors or adult)
boys clothing: sizes 0-20 (no adult)
pajamas, robes (slippers if they are part of a set)
infant onesies and t-shirts: sizes 0-24 months
outerwear: winter coats, snow suits, snow boots
shoes: includes sport shoes, dress shoes, tennis shoes, roller blades, cleats, roller skates and dance shoes
maternity clothing
seasonal: halloween costumes, christmas finery

clothing – spring/summer
we accept the items below that meet the clothing guidelines.

girls clothing: sizes 0-16 and pre-teen (no juniors or adult)
boys clothing: sizes 0-20 (no adult)
pajamas, robes (slippers if they are part of a set)
infant onesies and t-shirts: sizes 0-24 months
outerwear:  light weight jackets, raincoats, boots, umbrellas
shoes: includes sport shoes, dress shoes, tennis shoes, roller blades, cleats, roller skates and dance shoes
maternity clothing
seasonal: easter finery, bathing suits

bedding

nursery or children’s bedding sets (comforters, bumper pads, sheets, pillows, lamps, rugs, bed spreads, shams and curtains)
blankets or sheets in good condition

furniture
cribs (no drop side cribs), changing tables, rocking chairs, toddler beds, twin beds and desks; all items with multiple parts must be identified as a set and taped together. due to space constraints, no large furniture please; only infant furniture will be accepted.
equipment
strollers, child seats for adult bikes, pack ‘n’ plays, walkers, gates, nursery monitors, car seats, highchairs, etc. no used pacifiers.
toys

large items such as little tikes type kitchens, workshops, tables, jungle gyms, doll  houses, bicycles, scooters, and wagons, etc. we ask if there are any small or loose pieces should be placed in ziploc bags and taped to item. also please place any small toys or toy sets in ziploc bags to prevent any lost items.   if you bring outdoor playsets they must be washed and free of any odors!
dvds
learning electronics

toys that will not be accepted

stuffed animals
video games
video tapes
little toys:  ie. kids meal toys
cassette tapes



			close			





				condition of clothing			

clothing must be in very good condition; washed and free of smoke. we reserve the right to reject unsatisfactory items.

no stained clothing
no ripped clothing
no missing buttons
no broken zippers
no clothing with mothball, smoke or musty odors
no clothing that is excessively worn or outdated

types of clothing not accepted

training pants or underwear (infant onesies accepted)
clothing that is not in season

second chance for clothing
 we do not accept stained clothing. however, many times items can be salvaged with oxiclean or by using the following recipe:

¼ cup of automatic dish washing detergent
½ cup clorox ii
1 gallon hot water

soak clothes in solution for eight hours or overnight. after presoaking, put clothes in the same solution for a thorough machine wash cycle. this recipe is good for white and colored clothing, but always check first for color-fastness.


			close			





				bringing your items to the sale			

packaging
items must be brought in one large box or a tote. additional items should be brought in disposable trash bags. there is no limit to the number of items you may bring. please bring a business stamped self addressed envelope when you drop of your items. a $1 fee will be deducted from your profit if you forget.
sizes
if selling a different range of sizes, please separate by size and gender.  that will help us with the sorting process.
picking up your unsold items
all unsold items (large items, all non-clothing items and clothing with “pick up” tags) must be picked up after the sale between 2:00 and 2:30 pm. due to the large number of sellers involved in the sale, we cannot accept items for donation after the sale has ended.
failure to pick up unsold items will result in a $10 fee deducted from your profit. in addition, you will not be able to be a seller at the next sale.
please note: you must use a “donate” tag on clothing you wish to donate.


			close			

















