





hudson valley golden retriever club – golden retriever enthusiasts from the tri-state area



















































skip to content 





 





 






menu 
home
about us

about us
aquiring a golden retriever
puppy referral
newsletter


dog services

the morris animal foundation golden retriever lifetime study
therapy dogs


events

calendar
cca
fast coursing agility test akc all-breed
fast cat form
akc’s trick dog title


join us

membership application


awards

this year’s annual awards
hvgrc annual awards guidelines
awards guidelines (the blue book)


contact us
 








golden retriever enthusiasts from the tri-state area 

﻿
“hvgrc members, always creating beautiful memories.”








welcome! … to the hudson valley golden retriever club (hvgrc) web site. hvgrc is made up of golden retriever lovers in and around new york’s lovely hudson valley including other areas of new york, new jersey, and connecticut. our meetings are open to all but only members can bring their dogs.
our members are drawn primarily from the tri-state area–connecticut, new york and new jersey. they are involved in all manner of activities and competitions: pet-assisted therapy, conformation, obedience, rally obedience, agility, field events, and tracking.

 








 



puppy referrals








 



hvgrc offers puppy referral services to individuals and families looking for a quality golden. buying a golden retriever is a lifelong commitment and not an impulse decision.
our puppy referral volunteers will be happy to give you more information about purchasing a golden retriever from a reputable breeder. please remember to give the puppy referral volunteer a few days to respond to your inquiry…
















 

 



memorials








 



we who choose to surround ourselves with lives even more temporary than our own, 
live within a fragile circle, easily and often breached.
unable to accept its awful gaps, we still would live no other way.
we cherish memory as the only certain immortality, never fully understanding the necessary plan.
–irving townsend
















 

 



upcoming events








 




hvgrc newshudson valley golden retriever club list of therapy dog handlers 2022
hudson valley grc cca
june 22, 2025


event date:  06/22/25
event time:  9am
location:  ulster county fairgrounds 249 libertyville rd new paltz, ny. 12561
more information


















 






					© 2025 • hudson valley golden retriever club				
































