


pond & lake weed help desk. aquatic plant management . get rid of weeds and muck in your lake or pond. offering rake & cutter tools for milfoil curly leaf pond weed and many other related issues




lake weed help desk - answers for invasive lake weeds. tools 






 






















your lake & pond help desk

solutions for lake & pond weeds,  algae,  muck,  milfoil,  hydrilla ,  lyly pads, cattails and more!















home










special offers










lake & pond   weed tools










lake muck removal










lake groomer










lake weed cutter










lawn irrigation pump










long reach rake










beach groomer










beach buddy rake










aquathruster muck mover










aquatic weed mower










aqua vegetation groomer










muck digester pellets










the muck digest-er










the digest - articles










vegetation mgmt planning










swimmers itch guard










write a lake mgmt plan










h2o tube video hits










aquatic harvesters










top muck &algae solutions










nualgi










swimmer itch protection










lift mate boat lift motor










airstream aeration










use aquatic harvesters










zip grip go










truck claws tire traction










your states regulations










more great lake tools!










order here










contact










feedback










dyi dredge

















the best collection of lake weed and lakeshore solutions. get rid of lake weeds such as milfoil, curly leaf pondweed, lake muck and much more.

your pond and lake help desk





what are you trying to do?




muck removal
lake weed removal
clean up your beach


clean up your water
find boat lift products
        find docks and accessories




featured lakeshore management tools
if you dont see the item your looking for we have many more solutions listed on the left!




weedshear lake weed cutter



aqua thruster - lake weed & muck blaster
  


lake groomer



long reach rake





beach buddy lake rake on wheels



muck digester pellets



the aquatic vegetation groomer (avg)


					 


beach groomer


					 




 
shop our entire store here!


high volume jet aeration + circulation  learn more 
 
the aqua thruster – our best product for lake muck & floating debris issues!
get rid of muck, sludge, floating weeds & debris quickly & easily with the help of the aqua thruster from weeders digest. the aquathruster blower is our #1 selling product designed to maintain your shoreline for years to come. it works for everyone and any situation no matter how helpless you may feel about your current issues.  learn more

learn more




	dyi dredge - learn more here

	 



	the weeders digest was developed for the benefit of our friends and neighbors who cherish one of the greatest natural resources that we have or ever will be given and are seeking new and innovative ways to address problematic aquatic plant issues such as milfoil, hydrilla, curly leaf pond weed and sediment or lake muck removal. we are also researching new invasive issues such as snails and zebra mussels.
our products offer much more than just lake rakes, under water weed cutters, and lake muck removal tools. we provide resources and education to arm the lakeshore owner with better techniques and alternatives to potentially harmful chemicals.












our ever-evolving mission statement is:        to embrace relevant education and promote action among those that respect the fragilness of our water along with product development and promotion to our partners.    
our valued partners include local and national:    



homeowner and lake association groups



individual lakeshore owners



committed educators and researchers



consumer and commercial product suppliers and developers 



management companies that maintain dock, pier, marina, boat lift, boat slip and swimming beach areas










we encourage you to participate in the following ways:

 view the many pages of research and information posted 
look at the innovative ideas on our lake & pond weed solutions page
add your comments or recommend articles to our weedblog
give us your feedback on your lake weeds

 
 
contact us at info@weedersdigest.com
877-224-4899
supporting the north american lake management society, minnesota lake association, minnesota waters council, rivers council of minnesota, minneota waters, minnesotans for healthy lakes
 
the lake weeders digest is an affiliate member of the minnesota lakes association
&
the north american lake management society




thanks for signing up!

newsleter
for product specials and tips for managing your shoreline.
     
email address 
first name 
sign up

by submitting this form, you are granting: weeders digest, 5008 hillsboro ave n, , new hope ?, minnesota, 55428, united states, http://www.weedersdigest.com permission to email you. you may unsubscribe via the link found at the bottom of every email. (see our email privacy policy for details.) emails are serviced by constant contact.




 






 
   

need pricing? ready to order? want to know shipping costs? click here
get more information tools tips and tricks and deals and discounts by clicking here


















