senokot & fybogel uk | senokotconstipationibswhich product is right for me?our brandssenokotfybogelsenocalmfybocalm our productsfybogel hi-fibre sachetsfybogel fibre chewssenokot 7.5mg tablets adultsenokot max strength tablets adultsenokot 7.5mg/5ml syrup 12 years plusfybocalm diarrhoea relieffybocalm wind & bloating relieffybocalm constipation reliefunderstand your guteasy fibre recipesnew fybocalm relieves and helps prevent ibs-related constipation symptoms returning.learn morenew fybocalm relieves and helps prevent gut symptoms from returning.learn morenew fybocalm relieves and helps prevent ibs-related diarrhoea symptoms returning.learn morenew fybocalm relieves wind and bloating in 2 hours, and helps prevent symptoms returning.learn morenew fybocalm relieves and helps prevent ibs-related constipation symptoms returning.learn morenew fybocalm relieves and helps prevent gut symptoms from returning.learn morewhich product is right for me?find out how to relieve your constipationtake the quizfind your groove with fybogelget back on track with senokot maxuseful advicesymptoms of ibsibs is a syndrome - a collection of symptoms which occur together and everyone tends to have a different set of symptoms. here you can learn about the most common symptoms and when it's right to contact a gp.breaking the cycle of constipationneeding to flush away that feeling of constipation? click to read about what you can do to help, as well as spotting the signs of constipation in your stools.what causes constipation?constipation can have many causes and sometimes, there’s no single or obvious cause. this article outlines some of the most common causes, from both a lifestyle and medical perspective.see all articlesour productssenokot 7.5mg tablets adult predictable overnight reliefcontains natural sennasuitable for short-term useworks in8-12 hoursproduct detailsshop now onsenokot max strength tablets adultpredictable overnight relief in one dosecontains natural sennasuitable forshort-term useworks in8-12 hoursproduct detailsshop now onfybogel hi-fibre sachetsrelieves constipation and helps maintain regularityworks naturally with the bodysuitable fordaily* useusually acts within 12-24 hoursproduct detailsshop now onfybogel fibre chewsrelieves constipation and helps maintain regularityworks naturally with the bodysuitable fordaily* usecan be taken for 14 days*product detailsshop now onsenokot 7.5mg/5ml syrup 12 years pluspredictable overnight reliefcontains natural sennasuitable for short-term useworks in8-12 hoursproduct detailsshop now onfybocalm wind & bloating relief capsules helps relieve and prevent your wind & bloating symptoms recurringrelieves wind, bloating and pain in two hours use for 5-10 days, depending on symptoms gluten free and lactose free product detailsshop now onfybocalm constipation relief capsules helps relieve and prevent your ibs related constipation symptoms recurringlong lasting relief for recurrent constipation due to ibs use for two weeksgluten free and lactose free product detailsshop now onfybocalm diarrhoea relief capsules  helps relieve and prevent your ibs related diarrhoea symptoms recurringnaturally treats recurrent diarrhoea for long lasting relief use for two weeksgluten free and lactose free product detailsshop now ondownload the free self-care app today - check symptoms, get advice, track your healthhelp & support
call 0333 2005 345
rb consumer relations*if there has been no bowel movement after three days of treatment, please consult a healthcare professional. fybogel hi-fibre orange and fybogel hi-fibre lemon granules. contains ispaghula husk. for the relief of constipation and maintenance of regularity. always read the label. senokot 7.5mg tablets adult, senokot max strength tablets adult and senokot 7.5mg/5ml syrup 12 years plus, contains senna. for the relief of short term, occasional constipation. always read the label.  fybogel fibrechews, fybocalm and senocalm are medical devices. always read the instructions. rb-p-06665. terms and conditionsprivacy statementcookie policycontact us