ï»¿




environmental leverage






























welcome to environmental leverage!






home
contact
search








home
services
products
contact
troubleshooting
training




filamentous identification
wastewater biomass analyses
cooling tower analyses
microscope slides 
what are filaments 
algae 



product catalog
collection systems
bioaugmentation
micronutrients
remediation
aquaculture
rivers,lakes and ponds
municipalities wastewater treatment plants
	



e-mail
phone
faqs
our team
privacy
sitemap



filamentous id easy way
training cd's
online training 
training classes
	virtual audits



monthly newsletters
industry pages
case histories
bug of the month 
higher life forms
	training ceu classes








 

















 




biological products:
 
 
	bioaugmentation products for wastewater applications in papermills, refineries, chemical, tanneries, municipalities, textiles, steel, agriculture, animal feedlot,  gun powder plant, food and beverage- dairy products, orange juice factory, wineries, cookie factory, vegetable processing plant, meat packing, barbecue restaurant, aquaculture, ornamental ponds 
with algae , cafo, nursing homes, military, campgrounds, universities, regulatory agencies, 
river and lake remediation

 
 


lab services:
 
 

		filamentous identification lab service. one reason 
		to identify filaments is to determine the filaments characteristics and 
		then determine the type present. 
		if the type is found out, a root cause can usually be associated 
		with a particular filament.  
		if the cause is known, then a correction can be made to alleviate 
		problems. chlorination is only a quick fix. 
		without process changes, filaments will grow back after 
		chlorination. 
wastewater biomass analyses and cooling tower analyses also available

 


training materials:
 
 
training is an integral part of any job. not everyone is at the same level of training. many people want beginning concepts and basics.  some need technical information or troubleshooting. some want equipment, technology or process information. 
we have developed a full set of basic training, advanced training, 
		filamentous identification the easy way as well as custom training cd's 
		manuals. we also provide hands-on training classes and soon will have an 
		online "e-university".

 
 


 



quality environmental products and services !
 




latest news!












what's new!
we have just added "virtual audits" to our capabilities. 
				check out our new services.  we are in the process of 
				developing new courses for our ""online e-university" in order to meet the needs of our global customers that cannot travel to our public classes.visit our new website www.wastewaterelearning.com/elearning







		wastewater training class / course schedule: click the link above

		 




		online wastewater training courses. courses on wastewater equipment, 
		biomass and filaments. check out our website with our elearning center and training course's. ceu credits are 
		available where 
		applicable.

		 



microclearâ® microchillâ„¢ contains a unique and newly patented 
		proprietary blend of psychrophilic microorganisms that are naturally 
		occurring bacteria with the ability to grow at 4â°c, and lower. because 
		of the diversity of the microorganisms and enzyme systems, incorporated 
		into this product, it is excellent for use in municipal and industrial 
		wastewater applications. the safe, naturally occurring bacteria are 
		present in high numbers to handle difficult to treat wastewater problems 
		in lower temperatures. 

		 
fog problems? click fog link for solutions




		at environmental leverage, our goal is to bring the latest technology 
		to you, in order to make your biological wastewater systems more 
		efficient and sucessful. with all the concerns today about environmental liability, some of the key issues that manufacturers face include: globalization, impact of new science and engineering technology, information systems and e-commerce, supply chain management, changes in production processes and manufacturing, sustainability, significant impact on energy savings and environmental performance.
at environmental leverage all of these issues are important concerns. 


this page requires javascript. please enable javascript in your browser and reload this page.



email 
		us: wastewater@environmentalleverage.com
click 
		this link

		call us for troubleshooting assistance at 630-906-9791

		 




		microclearâ® products works well with ww treatment systems, lagoons and liftstations 
		where lack of movement and odors are present. microblockâ„¢ is a proprietary formulation of ingredients containing a 
		solid slow release for control of odors. contains a 
		specially formulated, proprietary blend of microorganisms, 
		micro/macronutrients, and surface tension 
		suppressants/penetrants.  because of the diversity of the microorganism 
		systems incorporated into this product it is specifically developed for 
		use in situations where there is a particular high impact from odors as 
		well as fats, oils and grease. this product can be used in the treatment 
		of liquid and solid organic waste. 

 
delivering you innovative and technical expertise and sound business solutions to help you improve your bottom line is our goal.
		
		smooth operation of a wastewater treatment plant is critical. 
		environmental compliance is a must. operational costs are skyrocketing 
		with new environmental regulations. below are ways we can help your 
		biological systems needs.
 
capabilities:

biological products: 
	bioaugmentation products and micronutrients for 
	wastewater treatment  plants, treatment systems, collections systems, ponds, lagoons, 
	river, lake and soil remediation
environmental lab services: 
	
	filamentous identification, microscopic biomass analyses of your biological 
	treatment system or cooling tower analyses
troubleshooting: 

individual or online newsletters and industry 
	troubleshooting offer immediate wastewater training to specific problems 
	areas.
wastewater training classes:  
	individual cds, manuals or 
	private or public hands-on 
	wastewater training classes, online "e-university"
private wastewater training classes at your site - custom topics to fit your plant's needs
public wastewater training classes- one or two day operator, "filamentous identification 
		the easy way" and can be state approved for ceu credits.
wastewater training manuals: wastewater microbiology and wastewater basics



wastewater training cds: training, troubleshooting and process control
hundreds of photos and videos for wastewater training
powerpoint, word documents, pdf file
excel dosing programs 





consulting & ww treatment systems audits: 
	technical expertise aimed 
	at system optimization, equipment efficiency and operational excellence 
hands-on audits: wastewater treatment plant site visit evaluation, troubleshooting and process 
		recommendations
wastewater training and consulting benefits:
equipment efficiency
total cost of operation reductions
reliability and safety
final effluent permit reliability

 wastewater elearning 
		training courses site: click here
virtual audits
 




 































copyright â© 2003. environmental leverage inc.â®
		all rights reserved.
		








home | 
products | 
services | 
faqs | 
contact | 
about | 
training | 
sitemap| 
lab services |newsletters|
bug of the month 
|industry 







