











selinsgrove & mansfield custom builder | brookside homes


















































home show season is here!!!


















                        plan your home
                        

floor plans
gallery
available now / lots available




                        home buyer resources
                        

standard products
build process
where we build
financing




                        about us
                        

our commitment
our team
customer stories
referrals
blog




                        contact
                        

contact us
warranty






questions?






































our reputation is building
find your home



















new featured plan!
meet, the cora!a home that hits all the custom features our customers have been asking for! this floor plan boasts a grand two-story foyer and open two-story great room to an upstairs loft. the first floor features a master suite with everything you could dream of - cathedral ceiling master bedroom, master bathroom with a large walk-in closet and make-up area, and a private cathedral ceiling study. the second floor has a second master bedroom suite that could be used for young growing families wanting to be on the same floor or as a guest suite. other features include a mudroom, formal dining room, walk-in pantry, and so much more! click the link below to see the floor plan and use our color visualizer to design your own custom cora! 
view the cora













our home plans
find your plan








visit a sales center
find a sales center










learn more about brookside homes
more about us








the brookside difference

are you looking to build a custom home that will last generations? do you need peace of mind that your house was built with integrity using only the best products, but with your budget in mind?brookside homes has built thousands of homes since that very first home we built in 1979. every year we strive to make our product and our customer experience even better. we believe in the quality of every home we build, which has made our reputation as a pennsylvania builder stand out for almost 45 years. when we build for you, we build the same way as the homes we have built for our own families. brookside homes owners live in brookside homes houses. your home and peace of mind is just as important to us. every home exceeds code regulations, we cut zero corners, and we stand behind every house we build. let us show you the brookside homes difference.












get inspired
view all galleries












kitchens
43 photos







fireplaces
16 photos







exteriors
45 photos







decks & patios
3 photos







baths
16 photos







great rooms
11 photos







bedrooms
7 photos







dining
3 photos







foyers
11 photos







living rooms
7 photos







stairs
6 photos







foundation prep
15 photos

















what customers are saying















kupinsky family

one of the more pleasurable experiences we've had in recent years was to build our retirement home with brookside custom homes.  it was truly a fun experience beginning with our initial meeting, continuing through our design and construction phases and culminating with our completed home.  not only was the entire home building adventure enjoyable, but we made so many friendships along the way.  we've now been in our home almost six years and we have grown to love it more each day.  the quality that brookside has built into our home has become increasingly evident as the months and years go by.  and it is not just the two of us who have noticed the meticulousness baked into our home.  we have had visits over the years from extended family members who are in the building trades (an electrician and a union carpenter) who have marveled at the quality of the building materials and attention to detail that our home exhibits.  we are sincerely thankful to brookside for working with us, along every step of the way, to turn our dreams into a truly beautiful dream home that we look forward to enjoying for the rest of our lives.  thanks brookside from the bottom of our hearts.
dave & janet
                        
                    

view more stories


















guilford family

"a dream come true. truly a blessing to work with the entire brookside team and all their associates in building this forever home for our family."
josh & family
                        
                    

view more stories


















crociante family

"we built a home with brookside that was completed a little over a year ago.  we are extremely happy with the home and would recommend brookside without hesitation.  after we had settled on a plan (the gabriel plan), i was impressed that one of the owners of brookside came to the site himself to discuss with us the placement of the building and offered suggestions and resources that only someone with a great deal of experience--and local experience--would have been able to provide.  our property is heavily wooded and on an unpaved road in the country.  brookside was able to accommodate our location and assist us with everything we needed for a smooth build.  we were living in california and working with the brookside team primarily remotely.  our sales consultant/cad designer, joshua, was extraordinary to work with.  his patience and expertise with the design changes, suggestions/recommendations and knowledge of the process was invaluable to us.  this was the first home that we had built (although we were simultaneously involved with building an additional dwelling unit at our california property that took the same amount of time to build but should have been a much smaller project) and josh made the process seamless.  as with any building process (i am experienced in senior housing development), there were glitches along the way.  we caught a couple issues during visits to the site which were immediately corrected.  we also wanted a few changes after we saw the building taking shape which were also accommodated--some with a change fee, others not.  for me, not being able to see a model home of the plan we chose (or other plans) was a bit of a negative.  after the home was built it did not seem as large as i had pictured it and we wished had built a larger home:  this was no fault of the builder, of course--just a suggestion for consideration when choosing a plan.  the large variety of plans that brookside offers and their ability to modify and customize the plans was a huge selling point for us.  our brookside home is exceptionally well built and gives us great peace of mind that we will enjoy the home for many years to come.  our experience with brookside has been excellent and they have proved to be a builder of integrity and value."
crociante family
                        
                    

view more stories





















in the news
















everything home expo 2025
jan 14, 2025
read more











wbsba home show 2025
jan 14, 2025
read more











pa home & garden show 2025
jan 12, 2025
read more



















questions?




chat live with us








live chat help


if we're not available to chat, please contact one of our sales centers or submit a web message below









first name






last name






email






primary phone







message






select a county
berks
blair
bradford
centre
clearfield
clinton
columbia
cumberland
dauphin
franklin
huntington
juniata
lackawanna
lebanon
lehigh
luzerne
lycoming
mifflin
monroe
montour
northumberland
perry
potter
schuylkill
snyder
sullivan
tioga
union
wyoming

county in which you plan to build






do you have land?
yes
no

do you have land?






select a time frame
next six months
six months to one year
one to two years
more than two years

time frame to build













send











brookside homes

selinsgrove | 
                        
                    
                        
                            williamsport | 
                        
                    
                        
                            mansfield

(570) 374-7900













© 2025 copyright brookside homes
            	  16 commerce avenue, selinsgrove, pa 17870
        	

disclaimer: images may show interior and exterior selections that are not standard specifications. plans and products offered may differ from images, drawings and descriptions herein. prices, plans, products, features and specifications subject to change without notice.


privacy policy



 powered by homefiniti®. designed and engineered by oneil interactive.










 
×

























