



































































































what's the best kept secret in business today?what's the best kept secret in business today?save time, money and start your business in as little as a few weeks with this little-known opportunity.unmute and learn the secret"dan's the real deal. he's helped hundreds of individuals start their own business by developing independent business ideas... dan has a gift for showing people how to find or build a business of their own to achieve financial self sufficiency. dan is the guy that can help you get it right!"kevin harrington drtv pioneer and "shark" from shark tankclaim your free download of my book "profits!" and get access to the master franchising communitysend me my free copy!"dan's the real deal. he's helped hundreds of individuals start their own business by developing independent business ideas... dan has a gift for showing people how to find or build a business of their own to achieve financial self sufficiency. dan is the gut that can help you get it right!"kevin harrington drtv pioneer and "shark" from shark tank$1,000,000,000+in revenue generated25+years of experience100+businesses helpedenter your information to get my free book and see how the franchise business can work for youwe will also give you free access to our free systems and programs:discover how to leverage the best kept secret business in your business and life. discover the hottest new master franchise concepts - territories get snatched up quickly!gain access to other complementary business models that will fit right into this little-known systemreal success stories from people we've helped over the years"i realized master franchising was a tremendous opportunity to leverage my time and talents and  they showed me how to make that possible working. it's turned out to be an absolutely tremendous investment for us. wish i would have met them sooner.""i realized master franchising was a tremendous opportunity to leverage my time and talents and  they showed me how to make that possible working. it's turned out to be an absolutely tremendous investment for us. wish i would have met them sooner.""we knew if we were going to roll out through the country, we were going to need developers in each market. meet with dan olsen and almost immediately  he head me leads to talk to.""we knew if we were going to roll out through the country, we were going to need developers in each market. meet with dan olsen and almost immediately  he head me leads to talk to.""it was a fantastic experience.  they told us every step of the way what to expect. the whole process for us has been the best thing  that we've ever done enrich to over lives and have a better life. i wake up every day happy. it was different for me in corporate america. that says a lot about master franchising to show me that is a true path to take.""it was a fantastic experience.  they told us every step of the way what to expect. the whole process for us has been the best thing  that we've ever done enrich to over lives and have a better life. i wake up every day happy. it was different for me in corporate america. that says a lot about master franchising to show me that is a true path to take."who isdan olsen?with over 35 years of experience, dan olsen is a recognized leader in franchise development and business licensing. he has played a crucial role in building some of the fastest-growing franchise brands in the nation, including the top new franchise of 2009 and a billion-dollar franchise powerhouse.dan's entrepreneurial journey includes a decade as ceo of a company he started with less than $500, growing it to over $8 million in annual sales. he has also served as a regional or master franchisee/licensee for 25 years, partnering in nine master franchises. through his efforts, hundreds of franchisees have launched successful businesses, collectively generating billions in sales and creating thousands of jobs.get your free copy of "profits"!copyright ©2024 1 perfect business | franchise launch | privacy policy

