






term limit congress - u.s. term limits
















































  











menu donate
resources

facts

myth-busting 101: “congress will never vote to term limit itself”
term limits are not elections!
lobbyists hate term limits
dispelling the runaway myth
debunking myths against an article v convention and term limits for congress
term limits decrease bureaucracy


term limits

why term limits?
frequently asked questions
119th congress pledge signers
2025 a5 state lawmaker pledge signers
a5 pledge signers in states that passed term limits


article v

about article v
term limits amendment
county resolution on article v term limits convention (sample)
model article v congress term limits convention
model article v scotus term limits convention


term limits research library
state legislatures with term limits
ustl term limits resolutions in congress
historical tl resolutions in congress
term limits election results (includes local) since 2008
state term limits initiatives since 2012
governors with term limits
nine of the ten largest u.s. cities have term limits


podcast

latest podcast episodes
no uncertain terms podcast library


supporters

current actions

contact your state legislator
contact your congress members
2025 bills in progress
nasty-19 voted against term limits on congress


supporter petition
collect petitions
volunteer for ustl
digital toolkit
social media
state facebook pages
take action on term limits day 2/27
shop


candidates/lawmakers

champion a winning issue
i am running for congress
i am running for state legislature


news

nick testifies in d.c. on term limits for congress
ustl blog articles
no uncertain terms newsletter
term limits breaking news episode library
press releases
pledge press releases
press contact


about

progress map
board of directors
team
state chairs
term limits hall of fame
rense johnson
frequently asked questions
book a term limits speaker
contact ustl


search
 sign the term limits petition. let congress know you’re fed up! help us bypass d.c. and impose term limits on the u.s. house and senate by signing the national term limits petition. we are closing in on our goal of two million term limits supporters!
sign petition 
firma la petición 
 nick shreds congress
 progressview details
 2025 state resolutionswe plan to be active in 19 state legislatures this year. check the status and contact the lawmakers in your state to vote yes.
state bill status
 our planour only focus is term limits on elected officials, particularly the u.s. congress. term limits has millions of advocates, bipartisan support of hundreds of lawmakers, and we have a clear path of what needs to be accomplished. view our plan 
 weekly podcastjoin us every other monday and listen to the no uncertain terms podcast. bringing a refreshing and sometimes humorous view of the diabolical ways our supposed “representatives” go out of their way to suppress the will of the people in an effort to preserve their own power.
 incumbents & candidatessitting legislators interested in sponsoring pro-term limits legislation and candidates running for office who want to see term limits advance, please click here.
tell me more 
from the blogrep. scott hilton files term limits on congress resolution in georgiafor immediate release february 18, 2025 contact: shanna chamblee, u.s. term limits schamblee@termlimits.com rep. scott hilton files term limits on congress resolution in georgia atlanta, ga – representative scott hilton (district 48) has filed house resolution (hr258) for georgia to join the states calling for a convention for proposing a congressional term limits amendment toread more rep. steve toth files term limits on congress resolution in texasfor immediate release february 18, 2025 contact: chris keener, u.s. term limits ckeener@termlimits.com rep. steve toth files term limits on congress resolution in texas austin, tx- representative steve toth (district 15) has filed house joint resolution (hjr118) for texas to join the states calling for a convention for proposing a congressional term limits amendment toread more honoring the legacy of sen. geraldine thompsonit is with great sadness that we share the passing of florida state senator geraldine thompson, a trailblazing civil rights leader, community advocate, and a true champion for congressional term limits. sen. thompson dedicated her life to public service, founding the wells’ built museum to preserve african american history, fighting for justice, and tirelessly workingread more term limits breaking news: have you heard the news?i’ve got great news for us today. we passed the senate floor in indiana. hi, i’m holly robichaud, and this is us term limits. breaking news. you heard it right. senate joint resolution 21, which proposes a congressional term limits amendment to the us constitution and led by state senator andy zay, passed the senateread more chris ekstrom joins u.s. term limits board of directorsfor immediate release february 11, 2025 media contact: david johnson, strategic vision pr group ph: (404) 380-1079 email: djohnson@strategicvisionpr.com chris ekstrom joins u.s. term limits board of directors has seen the need for term limits at all levels of government washington, dc – today, u.s. term limits announces entrepreneur and political activist, chris ekstrom, has joinedread more new poll: 83% of americans support term limits for congressfor immediate release february 10, 2025 contact: nick tomboulides, u.s. term limits ntomboulides@termlimits.com   new poll: 83% of americans support term limits for congress in new mclaughlin & associates poll poll shows broad support for congressional term limits among all political affiliations and demographics washington, d.c. – eighty-three percent of americans support term limits forread more nut podcast episode 257: which state is next and get ready for term limits day!  philip blumel: which state will be the 10th to pass the tournaments convention resolution? hi, i’m philip blumel. happy tournaments day february 27, and welcome to no uncertain terms, the official podcast of the tournaments movement published on february 10, 2025. this is episode 257. stacey selleck: your sanctuary from partisan politics. philip blumel:read more about
podcast
blog
petition
contact us
donate
subscribe to our email listcopyright © 2025 us term limits - all rights reservedby u.s. term limitsprivacy policy1250 connecticut avenue nw suite 700washington, d.c.20036(202) 261-3532






we use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. if you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.ok



