






homepage | als united mid-atlantic

































































skip to content





























who we are our mission what we do where we serve our impact financial information news & stories contact usunderstanding als what is als? who gets als? symptoms and diagnosis genetic testing for als als glossarycare services  our care services home care equipment loan program transportation program ramping & stair guides the scott a. mackler, md, phd, assistive technology program newly diagnosed als clinics and centers resource & support groups resources for family & youth resources for military veterans online resourcesresearch our approach research we fund clinical trials our experts scientific focus areas local research trialsadvocacy become an advocate public policy priorities your storiesget involved events create a fundraiser volunteer sign up for our newsletterways to give




 




×
who we are our mission what we do where we serve our impact financial information news & stories contact usunderstanding als what is als? who gets als? symptoms and diagnosis genetic testing for als als glossarycare services  our care services home care equipment loan program transportation program ramping & stair guides the scott a. mackler, md, phd, assistive technology program newly diagnosed als clinics and centers resource & support groups resources for family & youth resources for military veterans online resourcesresearch our approach research we fund clinical trials our experts scientific focus areas local research trialsadvocacy become an advocate public policy priorities your storiesget involved events create a fundraiser volunteer sign up for our newsletterways to give









care services










search









close



 







 
























to unite and empower the als community









our care services









































serving 52 counties in pa, nj, and de





										view map											


















newly diagnosed? start here





contact us: 215-643-5434


 



















everything we do advances the search for effective treatments and cures for als














































$13m
raised for als research












research



our research program fuels global collaboration to expedite the discovery of treatments and a cure. 


										research we've funded											






























1,200
families served in 2024












care services



our professional care team provides expert advice and assistance for people living with als and their families, free of charge. 


										get services											






























50,000
actions taken nationwide












advocacy



our advocacy efforts advance important public policy initiatives that benefit the entire als community. 


										our policy priorities											






















join the fight against als



















donate



your donations directly benefit care for als families and move us closer to a cure. 
















volunteer 



enthusiastic volunteers are key to our success! volunteers can contribute in many ways - through their time, knowledge, skills and leadership. 
















fundraise



you can host an event to help support the als community and push towards a treatment and a cure. it's easy to get started! 
















walk



join this nationwide movement by walking for those affected by als. help us meet our goal! 
















ride



the jersey shore ride is a one-day cycling event designed to appeal to every level of rider.  
















celebrate a loved one



establish a lasting legacy in honor or memory of someone special's battle with als using our easy tribute fund web pages. 



















































february volunteer of the month: marie mullins-bishop




a heartfelt thank you to our invaluable volunteers who enable us to give help and hope to those whose lives have been touched by als. each month one outstanding volunteer or group of volunteers who go above and beyond is recognized for this honor. 







learn more































als united walk: united to end als




for over 20 years, our community has gathered throughout delaware, new jersey, and pennsylvania to walk in honor of loved ones with als, remember those we have lost, and walk toward a future without als.in 2024, our als united mid-atlantic engagement team came together to work on something new. through months of planning and thoughtful discussions, we proudly created the new als united walk program. 







read more

































































support groups




als united mid-atlantic hosts resource/support groups to provide an opportunity for patients, caregivers, families and friends to be mutually supportive, exchange practical information, and share their experiences. all resource groups are free of charge for patients, caregivers and family members. 







find a group






























news & stories












browse all posts






























														als advocacy alert: preserve access to als research											


			february 14, 2025	



















														february 2025 volunteer of the month: marie mullins-bishop											


			january 31, 2025	



















														als united mid-atlantic advocates for insurance coverage of als treatments											


			january 14, 2025	



























stay up-to-date on als research, upcoming events, and how als united mid-atlantic is helping patients in your community.









sign up for our newsletter











 
































visit our facebook page





visit our twitter page





visit our linkedin page





visit our youtube page





visit our flickr page





 







als united mid-atlantic
1015 virginia drive - suite 110 - fort washington, pa 19034
phone: 215-643-5434
ein: 23-2387205







donate




































































©2025 als united mid-atlantic











contact usprivacy policysite map










 

scroll to top



















