








tremco police products - police vehicle anti theft system











































tremco brochure east / tremco brochure west











34 sullivan road, n. billerica, ma 01862
call 888-666-3031











anti-theft system

specifications
vehicles / order formreferencesnews

magazine articles
about uscontact us



 
















police vehicles
are stolen every day risk management starts here! 











are you protected?don’t let them steal it!











reliable, convenient, inexpensive
& easy to install tremco police products – vehicle anit-theft system 














risk management starts here!










police vehicle anti-theft system
tremco police products is the world leader of police vehicle anti-theft systems. for three decades, our patented vehicle anti-theft systems have been included in the specifications for federal, state, and local government vehicles. our anti-theft system is designed specifically for police vehicles to prevent theft while providing risk management.
what’s different about the tremco anti-theft system is that our patented system prevents police car theft, when the vehicle is left running with the key in the ignition.

automatic anti-theft protection every time your police vehicle is put into park


vehicles can be left unattended while running
allows emergency lighting & other electronics to operate
provides more security at the scene of an accident
inexpensive & easy to install – plug n play


stolen police car in tx



the tremco anti-theft system is 100% reliable, convenient, inexpensive and easy to install with a plug n play installation



in the news




2/3/25 troutman, nc – domestic violence call – deputies placed the female in the back of the patrol vehicle for safety – the domestic violence suspect stole the patrol car with the female in the back – police pursuit – charged with kidnapping and many other charges

february 3, 2025 www.yahoo.com   iredell county sheriff’s office deputies responded to a domestic dispute sunday and when they tried to question the suspect, he ran away and “forcibly entered a patrol vehicle” where the victim was seated, fleeing the scene. deputies...




2/3/25 glendale, az – at immigration policy protest – someone steals a glendale police vehicle from the protest – patrol car later found damaged – no arrest at this time

  february 3, 2025 www.msn.com police say a gathering at a busy glendale intersection sunday night to protest the trump administration’s immigration policies became “violent and unruly” at times, including a situation involving a patrol suv that was briefly...




2/1/25 accomack county, va – 17 year old steals accomack county sheriff’s dodge durango – at high speed – crashes into tree – suffered serious injuries – med flight to maryland

february 1, 2025 www.wmdt.com   a juvenile was left with serious injuries after stealing a crashing a law enforcement vehicle on january 25th. virginia state police say they were contacted by the accomack county sheriff’s office at 10:46 p.m. on january 25th to...




1/23/25 huntington beach, ca – man steals huntington beach marked patrol car – police chase – the patrol car being chased crashed into a parked car in lakewood – subject runs and hides in a backyard shed – k9s and paintballs capture him

january 23, 2025 www.magicvalley.com   huntington beach pd was in pursuit of one of their stolen units northbound 605 freeway from the 405 freeway. the officer's ar-15 was inside the stolen police car. the suspect crashed into a parked car on the sidewalk at the...




1/17/25 ross county, oh – man steals marked dodge charger patrol car left running outside the chillicothe patrol post – 16 mile police chase by oshp – stop sticks were used – arrested

january 17, 2025 www.10tv.com a man was arrested on several charges after authorities say he stole a marked cruiser and led troopers on a pursuit in ross county earlier this week, according to the ohio state highway patrol. before 2:15 a.m. tuesday, oshp said a marked...




1/10/25 lakeway, tx – man suspected of stolen vehicle attempted to steal an unmarked detective police car while detectives had the stolen car under surveillance

january 10, 2025 www.fox7austin.com   police following a stolen vehicle suspect arrested a lockhart man after he allegedly tried to steal the officers' vehicle. on jan. 4, lakeway police officers received a license plate reader alert for a vehicle that had been...




1/7/25 sandy springs, ga – 15 year old relative of a sandy springs police officer stole his patrol car from the driveway – forsyth county deputies found the patrol car – boxed it in – the 15 year old suffered a self inflicted gunshot wound – ems transported – deceased at hospital

january 7, 2025 www.fox5atlanta.com a 15-year-old male died monday evening after reportedly stealing a sandy springs police department patrol vehicle and leading forsyth county deputies to intervene in a dramatic incident near south forsyth high school. the forsyth...




1/4/25 providence, ri – man steals providence police cruiser from outside a rhode island hospital – long 100 mph police chase on i95 into connecticut – tire-shredding device succeeded in stopping the police cruiser – arrested by connecticut state troopers

january 4, 2025 www.providencejournal.com nbc 10 news obtained video of police arresting a pawtucket man accused of stealing a police cruiser. jared remson, 27, is accused of leading police on a high-speed chase in a stolen providence police cruiser over the weekend....




12/23/24 key largo, fl – man beating woman call – man punched a monroe county sheriff’s sergeant and tried to grab the sergeant’s service weapon – steals his patrol car – pulls over a civilian vehicle – carjacks that vehicle – crashed the civilian vehicle – arrested

december 23, 2024 www.keysweekly.com a 52-year-old key largo, florida man was arrested sunday after trying to take a sheriff’s office patrol sergeant’s weapon, briefly stealing his patrol vehicle, stealing another car, and crashing the second car on u.s. 1. there were...




12/9/24 chattanooga, tn – handcuffed man stealing from walmart steals patrol car – police chase – man flipped the patrol car several times – total wreck

december 9, 2024 www.newschannel9.com police investigators in chattanooga are working to learn exactly how a handcuffed shoplifting suspect managed to get behind the wheel of a patrol car after a walmart checkout-line foot chase. 29-year-old antonio d. pickett faces a...




12/6/24 henryetta, ok – man acting erratically call – officer handcuffs him – puts him in patrol car – man slips handcuffs while officer was taking care of the suspect’s car – steals patrol car – crashed into tree

december 6, 2024 www.news9.com a man is in the hospital with serious injuries after henryetta police say he stole and then crashed a patrol car. police say john lee was in handcuffs but managed to slip them off, hop into the driver's seat of the patrol car, and take...




11/21/24 laramie, wy – police chase with a stolen f250 – flat tire – one person escaped – the other stole a laramie patrol car – stole the deputy’s firearm – went up to a resident at gun point – stole the civilian vehicle – wyoming highway patrol used spike strips – two arrested

november 21, 2024 www.kulr8.com  a dramatic chase involving a stolen white ford f250 unfolded on november 20, 2024, in laramie county. the laramie county sheriff’s office responded to the report at approximately 5:13 p.m. on the 800 block of south greeley highway....




11/20/24 tulsa, ok – domestic disturbance call – officer was treating an injured person – another person steals the patrol car – long high speed chase including oklahoma highway patrol – pit maneuver – suspect captured

november 20, 2024 www.news9.com a 21-year-old man is in custody after allegedly stealing a tulsa police patrol car and leading authorities on a high-speed chase that ended on the muskogee turnpike. tulsa police were responding to a domestic disturbance when an officer...




11/19/24 louisiana, mo – officer was out of his marked patrol car – a thief jumped in and stole it – the patrol car was found after hitting a stop sign and being abandoned – no arrest at this time

november 19, 2024 www.khqa.com  according to louisiana police chief josh baker, upon further inspection it was discovered that the key fob for the stolen vehicle had a malfunction that prevented it from locking the car. the louisiana police department currently has...




10/26/24 marion county, fl – suspicious activity call – suspect stole the deputy’s marked patrol car – police chase – pit maneuver – suspect arrested

october 26, 2024 www.ocalagazette.com updated post: the 41-year-old ocala man charged with stealing a marion county sheriff’s office patrol vehicle with an mcso issued rifle inside on oct. 26 reportedly told officers they’d better have their car doors locked because...



 
read more news articles







police car thefts prevented by a tremco anti-theft system










10/19/18 ma state police – man just released from jail carjacks in nh is chased 100 mph to vt and ma.

10/19/18 ma state police - man just released from jail carjacks in nh is chased 100 mph to vt and ma. he stabbed ma state trooper and couldn’t get the shifter into gear of his patrol car. man is shot attacking other officer. tremco save. by mary c....




03/28/18 woman carjacks cab and crashes, then tries to steal dump truck and a police cruiser in lowell ma

03-28-18 lowell, ma. woman carjacks cab and crashes, then tries to steal a dump truck and then attempts to steal a police cruiser. the cruiser was protected by a tremco anti theft system and the officers were able to apprehend her. lowell, ma (whdh) - police in lowell...




10/06/17  san joaquin, ca – man attacked police officer – tased – tries to steal patrol car – tremco saved this patrol car – escaped in own car

10/06/17 san joaquin, ca - man attacked police officer - tased - tries to steal patrol car - tremco saved this patrol car - escaped in own car october 6, 2017 globalnews.ca police in san joaquin county, calif., say they’re investigating after video posted to social...




01/31/15  pinellas county, fl – man down – deputy investigates – man punches deputy several times and injures him – jumps into his running patrol car – can’t get it out of gear – tasered twice – tremco saved this vehicle

01/31/15 pinellas county, fl - man down - deputy investigates - man punches deputy several times and injures him - jumps into his running patrol car - can't get it out of gear - tasered twice - tremco saved this vehicle january 31, 2015 tbnweekly.com a pinellas county...




08/14/14  cherokee county, ga – handcuffed prisoner smashed window and escaped – foot chase – prisoner returns – tries to steal patrol car – tremco saved this vehicle – captured in driver’s seat

08/14/14 cherokee county, ga - handcuffed prisoner smashed window and escaped - foot chase - prisoner returns - tries to steal patrol car - tremco saved this vehicle - captured in driver's seat august 14, 2014 mdjonline.com a waleska man with outstanding warrants in...




06/04/14  lindenwold, nj – naked sweaty man – punches police officer while he is talking to other people – jumps into running patrol car – tremco saved this vehicle

06/04/14 lindenwold, nj - naked sweaty man - punches police officer while he is talking to other people - jumps into running patrol car - tremco saved this vehicle june 4, 2014 philadelphia.cbslocal.com a naked man, who was high on drugs, punched an officer and tried...












don't let them steal it





tremco anti-theft system





fill out the form below to learn more about the tremco anti-theft system





contact tremco







name:
        *




phone:
        *




email address:
        *




title / rank:
        *




dept. / agency:
        *




address:
        *




city:
        *




state:
        *




zip code:
        *




comments
        




captcha
        






					if you are human, leave this field blank.				



submit



δ















tremco police products34 sullivan road building 17north billerica, ma 01862-1275customer service: (781) 275-7692technical support: (888) 666-3031fax: (781) 275-1895e-mail: mtremblay@tremcopoliceproducts.com

accepts all major credit cards











for official use only. not sold to the general public.



 












 copyright © 2025 | all rights reserved | tremco police products | service area | website design, seo & hosting by aq marketing, inc.
 

 
 
 





























 












