hannah's heart | paws for empowerment | nonprofit providing support habibi bear dogs for those in need of therapy, service and emotional supporthabibi bears  processing... success! completing order... ×   homehabibi hero'sreceive supportvolunteerdonatesponsor a puppycontacthannah's heart  paws for empowermentproviding heart healing love and support through the gift of purpose-bred and raised, habibi bear dogs.  a portion of all adoption fees raised through habibi bears llc are donated to our scholarship fund which provides courtroom facility assistance and adoption assistance for children & individuals in need through the hannah's heart foundation. - a non-profit charity in wa state -limited to availability and subject to approval. support the cause apply for serviceclose your eyesand come with meto a place where you will seek[comfort, strength, support]close your eyesand walk with meto a place where you will find[love, grounding, your own voice]close your eyesand come with meto a place where you will be[centered, brave, heard]serving the innocenthannah's heart is all about bringing joy and healing to those in need.  our little dogs have been developed and raised for a very special purpose, to provide life-saving support to individuals living with disabilities, experienced trauma, or in need of an autism support dog/psychiatric support dog.  we've assisted children facing  trauma as a result of grief, ptsd, abuse, or illness.  at hannah's heart, we offer scholarships and adoption assistance for families in need of an autism support or psychiatric support dog, as well as providing courtroom facility dogs to accompany a child in the courtroom when they testify.   our program is designed to fit each individual's personal needs- whether they are looking for their own support dog, or would like to work with one of our volunteer teams.  volunteers and their therapy animals help empower child victims by accompanying them into a courtroom, a deposition, or counseling.helping children take a standhelping justice actually be served by giving children the courage to find their voice and share their stories to help make this world a safer place for themselves and others.   if your child is in need of one of our support dogs,  we are here to serve. receive supportreceive supporttexting supportcontact our hotline for parents needing support from other parents who've been through this experience.long-term supportthrough our scholarship and assistance programs that are privately funded through donations, we provide assistance to families in need of a support dog for their child-for not only now, but for a forever family pet to support your child long-term.courtroom  supportrequest support to have one of our volunteer teams with your child as an emotional support animal when they testify.the truth will set you freeno one wants to go through this or talk about it, but in the end truth is a higher vibration than lies. help us serve the cause of truth and justice for those who have been hurt. truth takes the power out of the abuser’s hands and puts it back into your child and your family. support the causetherapy & support dogsexplore options to have a habibi support animal as part of your practice so you can offer a higher level of support. our referral services will connect you with a hannah's heart approved training facility near you, so you can train as a team together!donate  help give options to those who are already so financially burdened they may not be able to afford the support dog they need for their child.  through donations and scholarship funds, we provide habibi bear puppies to families in need of support. your donations helps us provide our puppies to families in need as well as the travel, food, medical expenses. our fund proceeds go 100% into direct service of those in need.nominate a familyour program is fully referral based, our clients are real people facing real challenges.  we are accepting nominations to receive adoption assistance!  submit a video to us and tell us why you are nominating this family to be a recipient of a hannah's heart scholarship!  we can't wait to hear their story! volunteerwe are looking for volunteers to assist in many behind the scenes areas of hannah's heart: scholarship committee, courtroom liaisons, fundraising committees, grant writing, transport, puppy socializers!sponsor a puppy  sponsor a puppy to be donated to a child in need! volunteer dog teams neededwant to become a courtroom “heart keeper”? support the families and children with getting the support  they need in the most tense situations. fear stops hereyou will get through this.  the pain isn't over yet, but the opportunity to end the fear is here right now.   you don't have to be alone when you tell your truth in court, with the assistance of one of our courthouse dogs by your side, you will never be alone.  you've been through experiences that are not your fault.  and we understand how overwhelming and frightening it is to have to go to court and tell  strangers about your traumatizing experience.  you are not alone, you will be taking the stand with a loving companion by your side.  if you feel afraid or nervous, your companion is there to pet and touch, and they will support you through the whole ordeal, and your truth will be heard.  and now the healing can begin...this is what hannah's heart is all about.  the beautiful bond between a child and dog.  that magical connection that truly heals hearts and changes lives.  why  habibi bears?they are raised for this specific purpose.  their intuitive nature makes them the perfect dog for this important role of supporting a child with autism or in need of psychiatric support in the courtroom.  about  hannah’s  heartsupporting children and their families is our passion.  as survivor's of our own family tragedy that ended up in the court system, we not only understand the need for this loving support that only an animal can provide, but we have been in your shoes.  after many years of healing, we felt it was time to assist other families as they navigate the court process.  based in washington state, hannah's heart is a 501c3 non profit organization that donates  purpose bred habibi bear puppies for children in need and provides volunteer teams to accompany your child in the courtroom. the volunteers and their dogs help to empower child victims of abuse by escorting them into the courtroom where the courtroom facility dog sits with the child while they testify. if the child feels afraid, they have their loving companion nearby to pet and lean on through this experience. many children may otherwise be too afraid to speak in court, but with their support dog by their side, they have the courage to speak their truth. our very special courtroom dogs  have been evaluated and they do not react to loud noises, sudden movement, or other distractions. their focus is to be an energetic support and empowering friend to the child. our teams are also available to sit in during depositions, therapy sessions, police interviews  or any situation where a child would need this loving support of the calming presence of our dogs.  our handlers sign a confidentiality agreement to ensure all statements remain confidential.the hannah's heart courtroom facility dogs are available for all children (adults too!) needing support.  creating a new “happily ever after”we're taking a stand.  the world needs a safer place for victims and their loved ones.  by speaking their truth, children can begin the long healing process.  our volunteers and our dogs are here to hold your hand through this entire process.  support the cause apply for a dogquick linkshabibi hero'sreceive supportvolunteerdonatesponsor a puppyhabibi bears | ethical teddy bear puppy breeder - purpose-bred dogs for a purpose-led life located in the pacific northwest contact uscopyright © 2025 hannah's heartdesigned and hosted at wavoto | habibi bearsby clicking "allow all", you are agreeing to our privacy policy. allow all  customize  privacy preference centerwhen you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. this information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. the information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. however, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer. allow allstrictly necessary cookies (more info) allowthese cookies are set to provide the service, application or resource requested. without these cookies, your request cannot be properly delivered. they are usually set to manage actions made by you, such as requesting website visual elements, pages resources or due user login/logoff. we can also use these cookies to set up essential functionalities to guarantee the security and efficiency of the service requested, like authentication and load balancer request.performance cookies (more info) allowthese cookies are set to provide quantitative measures of website visitors. information collected with these cookies is used in operations to measure website or software kpis, such as performance. with the usage of these cookies we are able to count visits and traffic sources to improve the performance of our site and application. if you do not allow these cookies, we will not know when you have visited our site.targeting cookies (more info) allowthese cookies are set by our advertising partners to provide behavioral advertising and re-marketing analytical data. they collect any type of browsing information necessary to create profiles and to understand user habits in order to develop an individual and specific advertising routine. the profile created regarding your browsing interest and behavior is used to customize the ads you see when you access other websites. confirm my choices