




 

 
 








st. jude medical center | providence









 

































englishespañol







languages


english


español











skip to main content
 




















provide your location


we'll use your location to find clinics, hospitals and doctors closest to you.







zip code or city






















mychart    






pay my bill    






careers    










 









 
                                    my account
                                
 













 
 
 













 



















popular searches





quick links

























find a doctor    






locations    







services    












cancer    




heart & vascular    




neurosciences    




orthopedics    




primary care    






pediatrics    




maternity    




urgent care    




view all    









get care    












see a doctor    




same day care    




get care virtually    




download providence app    




schedule with mychart     









billing support    












online bill pay    




help paying your bill    




get a price estimate    








pay my bill    






mychart    






careers    

























popular searches





quick links











 

 








 






                                st. jude medical center
                            






st. jude medical center


about us




community benefit
community programs
recognition






our departments






heart and vascular care
cancer center
imaging center
emergency services
digestive health






maternity services
neurosciences institute
stroke services
orthopedics
spine care








patients and visitors




advance care planning
medical records
visiting hours






contact us


more


















 







 











            providence st. jude medical center
        




















            4.8
                  |  34,252 ratings        







101 e valencia mesa dr, fullerton, ca 92835



            7855.8 miles away
        




            714-871-3280
        




        714-871-3280

    







            providence st. jude medical center
        




















            4.8
                  |  34,252 ratings        














714-871-3280




101 e valencia mesa dr, fullerton, ca 92835



            7855.8 miles away
        



 



 
















                            overview
                        

                            classes and events
                        

                            ways to give
                        






                                    overview
                                    








whether for the birth of a baby, an everyday “emergency,” or complex surgery, we are committed to extraordinary, life-changing care. through nationally-recognized programs and services, we offer a level of care that not only exceeds community benchmarks, but allows us to restore the health and dignity of those we serve.
established over 60 years ago by the sisters of st. joseph of orange, st. jude medical center has grown into one of the state’s most respected and technologically advanced hospitals. but the values that first inspired the sisters—compassion, dignity, justice, excellence and integrity—remain the guiding principles for everything we do.  



learn more about us 








                                    classes and events
                                    








we offer a full spectrum of classes and programs to help support patients: 














                                    ways to give
                                    








st. jude medical center’s commitment to excellence is more important than ever—and it is a generous community that makes that commitment possible. but as the medical needs of this community continue to grow, so does the importance of those willing to give to ensure state-of-the-art care. 
thousands of donors and volunteers support the life-saving work of our physicians and staff. their generosity helps ensure we remain at the forefront of medicine, for the benefit of all who walk through our doors. there are many ways you can help - get started learning about volunteer opportunities. 
if you have any questions or would like more information about the st. jude memorial foundation, please call us at 714-992-3033.
make a donation   about our foundation 








 



maternity concierge serviceintroducing a complimentary concierge service for expecting parentsyou have a lot on your mind, we can help
st. jude offers a complimentary concierge service that can help you take care of tasks before the birth of your baby and after, so you can have the gift of time to bond with your little one.learn more about maternity conciergeview insider’s tour to maternity services 



our medical groupsat the core of each of our medical groups is dedication to personalized, compassionate, comprehensive health care. we strive to meet the needs of the communities we serve, providing care when you need it, where you need it, and with specialized expertise.

st. jude heritage medical group
st. jude affiliated physicians
 

 







recognition 









u.s. news & world report - los angeles metro best regional hospital in 9 types of care (2024-25)









u.s. news & world report - best hospital in specialty rehab (2024-25)









u.s. news & world report - high performing hospital in colon cancer surgery (2024-25)







see all recognition 
 






 

current templateid = {e8280983-a110-4f2a-92f4-13ce71c28ee2}





looking for a different location? 





                        set your location to find care near you. your location:
                    







zip code or city








 











find another location 
 









                            from our blog
                        

                            latest news
                        






                                    from our blog
                                    

















                        mental health in the black community
                    

                            2/14/2025
                        
explore the stigma around mental health in black communities and find supportive resources and tools available to help. learn more from providence.








                        pink eye vs. allergies: what’s causing my symptoms?
                    

                            1/31/2025
                        
suffering from red, itchy and watery eyes? learn how to tell the difference between pink eye and eye allergies.








                        telecritical care ensures the best care, anytime, anywhere
                    

                            1/24/2025
                        
telecritical care at providence collaborates with critical care teams at smaller local hospitals to provide specialized 24/7 monitoring and care.








                        comprehensive guide to winter illness
                    

                            1/22/2025
                        
explore our comprehensive guide to winter illnesses, including flu and rsv, as well as prevention and care tips to stay healthy this season.




 









                                    latest news
                                    

















                        public notice: magnet recognition program site visit
                    

                            2/13/2025
                        
providence st. jude site visit announcement








                        restoring your gut health
                    

                            11/14/2024
                        
more than 2,000 years ago, hippocrates—the father of modern medicine—suggested that all diseases begin in the gut. with mounting evidence showing a connection between gut health and everything from au








                        the benefits of grounding
                    

                            11/14/2024
                        
grounding allows us to use the earth’s negative electric charge to stabilize and rebalance our body’s accumulated positive charges. contact with the vast supply of electrons on the earth’s surface—thi








                        moving the goalposts on lung cancer survival
                    

                            11/14/2024
                        
despite the sometimes dramatic improvements that have been made in other cancers, lung cancer survival has only slightly improved over the past several decades. fortunately, that’s beginning to change




 








 






















our mission
as expressions of god's healing love, witnessed through the ministry of jesus, we are steadfast in serving all, especially those who are poor and vulnerable. 







our values
compassion, dignity, justice, excellence, integrity. learn more about our mission, vision and values. 






contact us 









across providence 

about us 

health equity 

initiatives 

annual report to our communities 

community health needs assessments and improvement plans 

our doctors 

our nurses 









resources 

for caregivers  (our employees) 

careers 

physician & provider careers 

supplier portal 

classes and events 

online bill pay & financial assistance 

get a price estimate 

price transparency 

read our blog 




















connect with us 

 

 

 

 

 







disclaimer 

terms of use & privacy policy 

notice of nondiscrimination and communication assistance 

notice of privacy practices 

patient rights  





©2025 providence. all rights reserved.
 














