




 endometriosis.org







































rss feed






news

clinical trials

congress highlights

general news

opinion

research and treatments

support group news



resources

articles

clinical text books

national action plans

research priorities

self-help books



about endometriosis

symptoms
causes
diagnosis
infertility
adhesions


treatments

first consultation
surgery
painkillers

nsaids (dansk)
nsaids (francais)
nsaids (nederlands)


the pill
progestins
mirena
gnrh
danazol
infertility treatments
hysterectomy
complementary therapies


support

national endometriosis organisations
partners and family
world endometriosis organisations (weo)

weo newsletters
weo webinars




glossary
faqs
congress schedule






search


find






endometriosis.org is the global platform which links all stake holders in endometriosis - one of the most common causes of pelvic pain and infertility in women.
we provide current information and news about endometriosis. this knowledge empowers those with endometriosis to make informed decisions about their treatment options.





medical treatment

pain killers
oral contraceptives
progestins/progesterone
gnrh-analogues

 

surgical treatment

surgery explained
finding a specialist
tips before/after surgery
bowel preparation

 

coping/support

your first consultation
how to cope
national support groups
self help books




news



		                  behind the headlines: endometriosis and ovarian cancer	                    

19 july 2024
what are the facts behind the headlines about endometriosis and risk of ovarian cancer?




		                  what needs to be done for women with endometriosis?	                    

8 march 2024
on international women’s day (#iwd2024) we re-publish wishes and hopes for those with endometriosis on why – and what – change is needed to prevent endometriosis in the next generation.




		                  in memoriam: robert taylor	                    

28 january 2024
we fondly remember robert taylor, who never wavered in his quest to explore the mechanisms that would lead to pain relieving solutions for those with endometriosis and adenomyosis.




		                  global study shows the experience of endometriosis is rooted in a person’s genetics	                    

12 april 2023
dna from 60,600 women with endometriosis reveals evidence of shared genetic basis for endo and other causes of pain.




		                  facts about endometriosis	                    

10 march 2021
facts about endometriosis to aid journalists, medical writers, bloggers, etc, who wish to ensure their publications about endometriosis are correct.




		                  myths and misconceptions in endometriosis	                    

20 november 2016
diagnostic delay and hit and miss treatments in endometriosis are often due to myths and mis-conceptions about the disease – get the facts here.

all news

















stay up to date
register for endometriosis news:


email address 













































connect










upcoming meetings

  feb 20  endodubai (10th edition)  | dubai, uae  
  feb 20  pan african society for endometriosis meeting 2025  | cape town, south africa  
  apr 24  14th congress of the european pain federation (efic)  | lyon, france  
  may 21  16th world congress on endometriosis (wce2025)  | sydney, australia   
all meetings









news

resources

about endometriosis
about us
sitemap
treatments
support
glossary
faqs
congress schedule
rss

this site is peer-reviewed for accuracy

site by culturegraphic
© 2005-2025 endometriosis.org

disclaimer
privacy policy
page last updated: 19 july 2024






manage cookie consent






we use cookies to optimise site functionality and give you the best possible experience.





functional



functional

								always active							






the technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.





preferences


preferences







the technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.





statistics


statistics







the technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.
the technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your internet service provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.





marketing


marketing







the technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.





manage options
manage services
manage {vendor_count} vendors
read more about these purposes



accept
deny
view preferences
save preferences
view preferences


{title}
{title}
{title}



manage consent














