









visitors guide to the cayman islands, authentic local experiences



































































  














skip to content
















blogs





 
info@destination.ky




















 








menumenuinformation

governmentreal estategrand caymancayman braclittle caymancurrencycultural identitypolitical parties
vacation guide

tourist maptourist tipsweatherweddingsrestaurantsbeachesduty free shoppingcar rentalstourist services
things to do

scuba divinggolfseven mile beachstingray citywatersportscave exploringdeep sea fishingsnorkelingbird watchingattractions
accommodations

hotelscondo rentalsluxury resortsdive resortsvacation rentalsaffordable rentals
local directory 











 










 












welcome to 



the cayman islands 



a visitors guide to the cayman islands, for an authentic local experience 











get to know the cayman islands 



if you are planning to visit the cayman islands and want to experience an authentic local experience beyond the tourist spots, you’ve found your guide.  destination cayman islands is a comprehensive vacation guide to the cayman islands with special highlights of local experiences.   whatever your vacation preferences may be, the cayman islands are a compelling choice.  whether you’re a seeking pristine beaches, underwater adventures, luxury shopping, mesmerizing sunrises and sunsets — the cayman islands are definitely a destination to consider. 







 



seven mile beach 



one of the most awarded beaches in the world, seven mile beach does not disappoint.  from snorkeling on cemetery beach to laying on the beach of governors beach, there is something for everyone. 







 



stingray city 



the most unique wildlife encounter in grand cayman is stingray city, a sandbar located just off the coast of north sound. visitors can interact and swim with friendly stingrays in waste-deep, crystal-clear waters. 




















 




sponsored ad 



















cayman accommodations 



there are many different types of accommodations in the cayman islands and there is always something for everyone and for every budget and occassion.  explore the types of accommodations with this intro, click through the page for more information. 











hotelsfind the usual grand cayman hotels and a few surprises on this list. its important to remember to contact the establishment directly to get the most recent information.
 







condos for rent renting a condo on seven mile beach is an ideal choice for families who want to be right on the beach.  prices range from as low as us$ 300 in the low season to as high as $ 3,000 per night during the high season. 







dive resortsthe cayman islands is a premier dive destination and as such, we are including dive resorts in this section.  find the newest dive resort here and their amenities. rates can be as low as us$ 150 per night during low season to a high $1,000 per night. 
















 




sponsored ad 















must-do activities in the cayman islands 



whether you are visiting on a cruise ship or as a stay over visitor, here are the must-do activities that we highly recommend in the cayman islands.  we update these pages regularly and have direct links to the activities and attractions. 











stunning beaches 



the cayman islands have some of the most beautiful beaches in the world, with soft white sand and crystal-clear waters. seven mile beach in grand cayman is one of the most popular and offers plenty of opportunities for swimming, sunbathing, and water sports. visitors can also check out other popular beaches such as rum point and smith cove for a more secluded experience. 



















water sports 



the cayman islands offer a diverse range of watersports, including snorkeling, scuba diving, paddleboarding, and jet-skiing. with crystal-clear waters and vibrant marine life, it’s a paradise for aquatic enthusiasts. whether exploring coral reefs, gliding on calm bays, or riding waves, there’s something for everyone to enjoy in this water sports haven. 











scuba diving 



scuba diving in the cayman islands is a world-class experience. with exceptional visibility, stunning coral reefs, and diverse marine life, it’s a top destination for divers. explore iconic sites like the bloody bay wall and kittiwake shipwreck, and enjoy warm, clear waters year-round. whether you’re a beginner or experienced diver, the cayman islands is an ideal destination. 




















 




sponsored ad 











culture and history 



the cayman islands museum and national gallery showcase the rich cultural heritage and artistic expressions of the cayman islands. the museum offers insights into the islands’ history, from shipwrecks to natural history. the national gallery features contemporary and traditional caymanian art. both institutions offer visitors a captivating glimpse into the vibrant past and creative spirit of the cayman islands. 

































luxury resorts and spas 



the cayman islands offer a range of luxury resorts and spas, with world-class amenities and stunning ocean views. visitors can enjoy massages, facials, and other spa treatments, or relax by the pool or on the beach. some popular resorts include the ritz-carlton, grand cayman, kimpton seafire resort + spa, and the westin grand cayman seven mile beach resort & spa. 



























cayman visitors blog 




americans have voted: unveiling the top travel destination, 2023
stingray city, grand cayman americans have voted, not for a new president, which is to take place later this year …read more

lobster season in the cayman islands is open
on december 1, 2023 the cayman islands celebrated the opening of the lobster season, attracting both locals and tourists alike …read more

why there are no shark attacks in the cayman islands: an analysis
in the wake of the tragic shark attack in the bahamas on december 4, 2023, where an american tourist was …read more 











 











 








 






 












cayman information 







 
government





 
real estate





 
grand cayman





 
cayman brac





 
little cayman





 
currency





 
cultural identity





 
political parties











vacation guide 







 
tourist map





 
tourist tips





 
weather





 
wedding





 
restaurant





 
beaches





 
duty free shopping





 
car rentals





 
tourist service











things to do 







 
scuba diving





 
golf





 
seven mile beach





 
stingray city





 
watersports





 
cave exploring





 
deep sea fishing





 
snorkeling





 
bird watching





 
attraction











accommodations 







 
hotels





 
condo rentals





 
luxury resorts





 
dive resorts





 
vacation villas





 
affortable rentals















by wowebsites.com, an seo company 







destination cayman islands © 2025. all rights reserved 











terms of use




advertise




about us




contact




sitemap














 


































