






arens & heriot catering – london caterers of tradition since 1968


























































































 






arens & heriot catering












 










menu

 


home
about us

why choose us
questions & answers


our menus

christmas menus
canapes
finger buffets
alternative finger buffets
bowl food
light evening buffets
bespoke buffets
hot fork buffets
cold fork buffets
bbqs
three course sit down
two course table sharing
corporate events
office lunch hot buffet


try our food
event catering

wedding catering
wedding packages
corporate catering
private party catering
the wine cellar
drinks packages


venues

all venues
the cavendish
york house
the great barn
headstone manor museum


reviews
contact






























tasty & delicious 






see our menus






















create your perfect event 











 











 




catering consultation 








 




free food tasting 








 




enquire today 























london caterers of tradition 











welcome to arens & heriot catering, a successful event and wedding catering business founded in 1968 continuing a 170 year family tradition providing delicious hot and cold food of exceptional quality with first class service and at amazing value. 



 
















 




try our delicious food 






view our menus












 




catering for your event 






how we can help




























 



“the wedding reception was a brilliant success, the food exquisite and the wine perfect” 



- dr edward young, mb bs frca, reading, berks - 




 5/5 







our reviews




















catering for christmas 






see our festive menus























catering for you   











whether you are planning the wedding of a lifetime, a surprise birthday party for a loved one or a business launch party, arens & heriot caterers can help and assist you create that special event. 
















 







consultation












 







free food tasting












 







enquire today











 





















 
























 



exceptional service 



we believe that we provide catering services to so many events because our customers appreciate the personalised service we give. the aim is always to ensure our catering services exceed your expectations. 






about us























 












peace of mind 



sample our food & drinks and observe our superior staff service and attention to detail. 






try before you buy










 











 



enquiries 











please complete the form below and provide any additional information that you feel is important. we’ll get back to you promptly to discuss. 



please enable javascript in your browser to complete this form.name *firstlastphone *email *event datetype of eventevent type:wedding receptionprivate partycorporate eventothernumber of guests: number of guests:20 - 2930 - 3940 - 5960 - 7980 - 99100 - 499over 500catering typecatering type:christmascanapesfinger buffetcold fork buffethot fork buffetbowl foodsit down mealbbqtable sharingcorporate event menui would like a: *call backquotemeetingfree food tastingmessagegdpr agreement *i agree to your privacy policy *mailing listjoin our mailing listsend enquiry  











our food hygiene rating 



 



the food hygiene rating reflects the standards of food hygiene found on the date of the inspection by the local authority. 






 
 











 





arens bar & grill


the six bells


ducks hill road


 ruislip


middlesex, ha4 7tp






020 8427 7373















catering for 







 
hertfordshire





 
berkshire





 
buckinghamshire





 
middlesex





 
london











site map 







 
about us





 
our menus





 
try our food





 
venues





 
event catering





 
contact us











policies 







 
privacy





 
terms





 
cookies














twitter
 



facebook-f
 



instagram
 



pinterest
 























© 2025 arens & heriot catering | all prices on this website are subject to vat | website by origin 1












 


we use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. by clicking “accept”, you consent to the use of all the cookies. however you may visit cookie settings to provide a controlled consent.
acceptrejectsettingsmanage consent




close






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.

 





                                necessary                            


 necessary 


                                    always enabled                                



necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. these cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously.
cookiedurationdescriptioncookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "analytics".cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional11 monthsthe cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "functional".cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "necessary".cookielawinfo-checkbox-others11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "other.cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "performance".viewed_cookie_policy11 monthsthe cookie is set by the gdpr cookie consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. it does not store any personal data.






                                functional                            


functional




functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features.







                                performance                            


performance




performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors.







                                analytics                            


analytics




analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. these cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc.







                                advertisement                            


advertisement




advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. these cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads.







                                others                            


others




other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet.













save & accept


powered by 














book your free tasting
do you have a special event coming up? take this opportunity to sample our delicious food as well as our fantastic cocktails & drinks all for free! this is your chance to experience our attention to detail as well as observing our superior staff service to help make your forthcoming event extra special.
please enable javascript in your browser to complete this form.name *phone *email *messagegdpr agreement *i agree to your privacy policy *send enquiry 





































