






















marc - mid-america regional council - regional planning for greater kansas city















      skip to main content
    























search



search















































 







search



search






main navigation


about


training & events


news


committees


data & maps







            focus areas
            







focus area dropdown menu





aging
early learning
economy & housing
environment
health
local government
safety & security
transportation




aging

strengthening support for the gift of longevity and aging in place
go to aging


early learning

developing quality early learning programs for all children
go to early learning


economy & housing

building a competitive and inclusive regional economy
go to economy & housing


environment

creating a sustainable and healthy environment
go to environment




health

improving health outcomes through nutrition and mental and physical health supports
go to health


local government

helping cities and counties work more efficiently and effectively
go to local government


safety & security

coordinating effective emergency services and a reliable 911 system across boundaries
go to safety & security


transportation

working toward a safe, balanced and equitable transportation system
go to transportation




















advancing progress toward
a stronger kansas city region
through leadership, planning and action
the mid-america regional council is the nonprofit association of city and county governments and the metropolitan planning organization for the bistate kansas city region.





























 































our work
creating a region of opportunity
creative, diverse and resilient
our work is organized into separate but interrelated focus areas. each plays an important role in achieving our vision — a region of opportunity that supports the creativity, diversity and resilience of its people, places and communities.



aging


early learning




economy & housing


environment




health


local government




safety & security


transportation







 




what we do
fostering collaboration
to build a region we're proud to call home
some issues reach across the boundaries of individual communities. often, they can only be addressed by working together. marc creates a space for the kansas city region to come together to find and implement solutions that create a community people are proud to call home. 


about marc













 



what we're working on
marc brings together diverse stakeholders from across the region to address the most important issues facing greater kansas city. here's what we've been working on lately.



regional housing work
plentiful and affordable housing impacts access to jobs and education, economic development, and quality of life. together with local leaders and stakeholders, marc is working to identify a collaborative path forward that addresses regional housing challenges and possible solutions.

learn about our housing work




climate resilience
in partnership with climate action kc, marc is organizing strategies to draw down greenhouse gases and improve climate resilience across the region.


read more about climate resilience




regional public sector job board
job seekers can visit metrokcgovjobs.org to find open positions in city, county and state governments and public sector organizations. this project was developed by the government-to-university (g2u) initiative.

visit metrokcgovjobs.org









 




regional assembly and leadership awards
save the date
please join us on friday, june 13 at the sheraton kansas city hotel at crown center. 


event details













 



government training institute







expand your skills and explore new skills with training opportunities from marc's  government training institute.

find the courses that fit your needs with the new gti catalog.
explore all upcoming classes on the gti calendar. 















upcoming events



feb
14

rhscc meeting



feb
17

math is everywhere: supporting math skills in infants, toddlers and preschoolers



feb
18

mgt 440: enhanced sports and special events incident management



feb
18

total transportation policy committee

see all events




latest news



transportation
operation green light traffic signal enhancements…
february 14, 2025








transportation
join us to learn about updates to the bi-state…
february 11, 2025






see all news

























the skycast is updated each day around 3 p.m. and uses colors based on the epa's air quality index.



learn more























footer


contact us


careers at marc


metro kc gov jobs


funding & rfps


other marc sites


annual review


open records


privacy policy


accessibility statement











sign up for our newsletter to receive updates from marc.


email


submit













































marc programs are non-discriminatory as stated by title vi of the civil rights act of 1964. for more information or to obtain a title vi complaint form, call 816-474-4240 or visit the equity and civil rights page.





© mid-america regional council 2022. all rights reserved.
bolt jlsa - a kansas city marketing agency


















