





still waiting for greenhouse


  
 
last update   -  1635 gmt,   15th aug 2008
 
  
  
 
                       español 








the 1841 sea level benchmark (centre) on the
 
`isle of the
 
dead', tasmania.  according to antarctic explorer, capt. sir james clark ross,
 
it marked mean sea level in 1841. 
 
photo taken at low tide 20 jan 2004.
mark is 50 cm across; tidal range is
 
less than a metre. © 
john l. daly. 

if the benchmark is difficult to see,
try these.






 






a lukewarm view of 
 global warming 


this site was founded byjohn l. daly

1943-2004

  (click his name for information about john)
   



















 




a selection


 
of photos of tasmania and from john daly's 2002 trip to the u.s.a. 




search this site for














     
 
recently updated items     
 

 



updated satellite
temps
 (15 aug 08)






updated el-nino/southern oscillation data

 (15 aug 08)
















time of observation bias


 (14 nov 05)
   

 
when using a pair of min/max thermometers for daily temperature
observations, the time of day at which the readings for the previous 24
hours are observed, and the thermometers are reset, will often cause a
time of observation bias (tob).  if readings are taken near the times of
daily highs, or daily lows, those highs, and lows, often affect the
readings of two days.

for those who may have some interest in such phenomena, an introductory
review is available
here.
 


visiting warwick hughes


 (23 oct 05)
   

 
let me call your attention to a

recent addition
there.
 


climateaudit.org


 (1 jun 05)
   

 
in case you have not followed the links, steve mcintyre has many interesting
posts at 
www.climateaudit.org.
 
 


climate catastrophe - cancelled


 (19 apr 05)
   

 
ottawa: on april 13 the university of calgary, in cooperation with the
friends of science society, released a video entitled:  climate
catastrophe cancelled:  what you're not being told about the science of
climate change.

 
the 25 minute video is available as a set of five .wmv files at

the friends of science society website.

 
while presented in a canadian context, the issues are not limited to
canada, and at least several of the participants will be familiar to
regular visitors of this website from around the world.
 


hockey stick saga developments


 (31 jan 05)
   

 
it seems that as more researchers examine the mcintyre and mckitrick
critique of the mann et al "hockey stick", their critique gains
increased support.  several recent developments are described at
their websites.

you 
might start here and follow pertinent links for additional details.
 


a quiet anniversary


 (1 oct 04)
   

 
have you adjusted your temperature data lately?
 

 
historical temperature records usually include effects of various changes
in the locations, and kinds of, thermometers, and of observer procedures,
including times of day of observations, all of which can have
"non-climatic" effects on the temperatures that get recorded.
 

 
such "non-climatic" effects on recorded temperatures get considerable
attention by researchers, and various kinds of methods have been devised
to adjust the "raw" data so as to compensate for those effects.
 

 
many people may recognize the name john christy due to his work on
calculating atmospheric temperatures from microwave data collected by
noaa satellites.  he is also the state climatologist of the state of
alabama, usa, and when he attempted to answer the question  "when was the hottest
summer in north central alabama?", his attempt required a large
amount of research.  it is discussed in considerable detail in a paper in
the bulletin of the american meteorological society
 

linked from the abstract
(at that page, click on the "print version" link for a pdf of the
paper), and it included attempts to compensate for such non-climatic
effects.
 

 
for a data set called the

united states historical climatology network (ushcn), researchers
compiled monthly data of about 1200 weather observation stations.  they
also compiled data about changes of equipment, location, observer, and
time of day of observation.  summaries of such changes are included in a
station history file, and various adjustments to "raw" temperature data
are based on data about such changes.
 

 
other collections of temperature data, such as the

global historical climatology network have other methods of
attempting to compensate for such "non-climatic" effects, but for the
stations in the ushcn, use the ushcn adjustments.  and recently, the

nasa goddard institute for space studies (giss) started using ushcn
adjustments for temperature data from those stations instead of using the
methods used by giss for temperature data from other stations.
 

 
one may get the impression that the ushcn adjustments are regarded as
relatively good adjustments, even by at least some other researchers who
use other methods for temperature data from other stations.
 

 
that may lead one to wonder how good are the adjustments made by those
people for temperature data from all of the other stations in the
ghcn/giss collections.
 

 
oh yes, the title of this article alludes to an anniversary.
october 1, 2004, is the tenth anniversary of the most recent update
to the ushcn station history file.
 
  


about nature


 (14 sep 04)
   

 
a magazine named nature is said to be a "journal of science".


its mission statement is said to be

first, to serve scientists through prompt publication of significant
advances in any branch of science, and to provide a forum for the
reporting and discussion of news and issues concerning science.  second,
to ensure that the results of science are rapidly disseminated to the
public throughout the world, in a fashion that conveys their significance
for knowledge, culture and daily life.

perhaps you may get some idea of whether that statement means what it says
by visiting

this webpage where, under "notes and updates",
 you will find:

update:  september 13 2004:  following our publication last year and the
response by mann et al., we planned a 3-part reply.  the first part
concerned the provenance of the data used for our analysis and was
released in november 2003.  the second part would itemize many additional
lacunae and inaccuracies in mbh98 descriptions of data and methodology
identified through examination of mann's ftp site, and the third part
would show that two undisclosed and questionable methodological decisions
in mbh98 accounted for virtually all of the difference between our
results and mbh98.  these projects went through a lengthy review process
with nature, with interesting results.  we can now provide a public
update on this process.  because of its length the new material is on

a new page here  and begins with the latter item first.

 
many of the "interesting results" can be appreciated whether, or not,
you have any degrees in statistics.  if you have an interest in the
ipcc's favorite "hockey stick", and the mcintyre and mckitrick
critique thereof, you may find m&m's latest update very interesting.
 
  


co2 measurement problems


 (25 aug 04)
   

 
when reading about extraction and analysis of atmospheric gases from
ice cores, you may notice some things that seem rather odd.  one
favorite such oddity is a statement in the file

historical carbon dioxide record from the vostok ice core:

using semiempirical models of densification applied to past vostok
climate conditions, barnola et al.  (1991) reported that the age
difference between air and ice may be ~6000 years during the coldest
periods instead of ~4000 years, as previously assumed.

whether 4000 or 6000, neither number would seem to inspire much confidence
that the results of the analyses are likely to be very accurate.

 
so, when recently visiting
warwick hughes' website and
noticing, among several other interesting items, a brief description by
zbigniew jaworowski of accuracy problems of co2 measurements in ice cores,
it seemed to be especially interesting.  so interesting that there is
now a copy of it right here.  whether here,
or there, i trust that you also will find it very interesting.
 
 
  


hot and cold summers


 (23 aug 04)
   

 
a paper titled "european seasonal and annual temperature variability,
trends, and extremes since 1500" was published in the issue dated march
5, 2004, of the aaas magazine named science.  it seems that the authors
concluded that the summer of 2003 was the hottest summer in europe
since 1500.

 
it also seems than hans erren does not share that conclusion, and in an
article at

a debatable european summer temperature since 1500
he suggests that the summer of 1540 rivals the summer of 2003 in
the category of hot european summers.
 

 
among the points of contention are the accuracy of tree ring, and other,
proxies for temperatures, as well as the validity of extrapolation of
small geographic area information to large geographic areas.  you may
find the discussion interesting.
 

 
let me mention an aspect that particularly caught my attention.  in the
comparison of the luterbacher et al. graph with a graph based on the
pfister index, the pfister index indicates that the notorious summer of
1816 was particularly cold, which seems quite plausible to me; the
luterbacher et al. graph does not, which seems not quite so plausible to
me.
 

was there a tree ring problem, an extrapolation problem, or what?
 
 
  


mauna loa co2 measurements updated


 (5 aug 04)
   

 
 
in march of this year a widely reported story about
co2 measurements at mauna loa was discussed in

co2 report makes the rounds.
since then, the data on which the report presumably was based
have been posted at

cdiac.

here is a graphic summary of annual averages of the co2 measurements
at mauna loa since 1960, including the data added for 2003.





 
keeping in mind that the unit of measure is ppmv (parts per million by
volume), it is clear that co2 is a very small portion of the atmosphere.
among the so called greenhouse gases, it is a very distant second to h2o.
and yet, some people portray co2 as if it had almost mythical powers of
dominating climate around the globe.  a glance at some other measurements
may help clarify the picture somewhat.
 




(3 month averages of lower troposphere temperature variances and
inverted soi)


 
while the atmospheric parts per million of co2 have continually increased
during recent decades, atmospheric temperatures have risen, and fallen,
uninfluenced by any notions that some people may have about the powers of
co2.  atmospheric temperatures respond to realities, not myths.
 

 
as for the amount of the increase of atmospheric co2 from 2002 to 2003,
it was approximately two and one half parts per million, 2.54/1000000.00
to be more precise.  here is a graphic summary of the annual increases
since 1960:
 





as he did in march, miceal o'ronain has provided, in both

tabular
, and

graphical
, forms, nice compilations of year to year differences of monthly,
and annual, averages of mauna loa co2 measurements.
 
  


solar activity and terrestrial climate


 (28 july 04) updated (30 july 04)
   

 
on july 6, 2004, a bbc article, headlined

sunspots reaching 1000-year high, caught the attention of
a number of readers.  related articles soon appeared in other
publications, for example:

suspot activity hits 1000-year high at swissinfo.org,

the truth about global warming - it's the sun that's to blame
at the london telegraph, and

hotter-burning sun warming the planet
at the washington times.

 
it seems that at a conference of astronomers in hamburg, germany, sami
solanki and colleagues presented a discussion of possible correlations
between solar variability and terrestrial climate.  the recent articles
provide some clues to the content of the presentation, but a slightly
closer look may be of interest.
 

 
interestingly enough, the principal paper on which the presentation was
based was published last year, and briefly discussed here by john daly at

evidence for an unusually active sun.
an abstract of the paper is available at

millennium-scale sunspot number reconstruction:
evidence for an unusually active sun since the 1940s.
the paper is available in pdf form at

i.g.  usoskin, s. solanki, m. schuessler, k. mursula, k. alanko, a
millennium scale sunspot number reconstruction:  evidence for an
unusually active sun since the 1940's, phys.  rev.  lett., 91(21),
211101, 2003.  (hereinafter, usoskin et al. 2003)

of several closely related papers i will mention

i.g.usoskin, k. mursula, s. solanki, m. schuessler, and k. alanko,
reconstruction of solar activity for the last millennium using 10be data,
astron.  astrophys., 413, 745-751, 2004..  (hereinafter, usoskin et
al. 2004)
 

 
using records of 10be (beryllium 10) concentration in polar ice, and some
physical models for processes connecting 10be concentration with sunspot
numbers, the authors attempt to reconstruct average sunspot numbers for
the period from the year 850 to the present.  their reconstruction
indicates that the period of high solar activity during the last 60 years
is unique throughout the past 1150 years.
 

 
the 10be records they use include annual data from greenland for the
years 1424 to 1985, and eight year sampled data from antarctica for the
years 850 to 1900.  they supplement those data with some 14c (carbon 14)
data, apparently for most of the period of the study, and with group
sunspot numbers (gsn) from 1610 on.  while their methodology has its
problems, they claim it results in a better correlation of 11 year
smoothed "reconstructed" sunspot numbers with historical gsn than a
statistical regression would do, and they summarize their results in a
graph that includes indicators of mm:  medieval maximum, om:  oort
minimum, wm:  wolf minimum, sm:  spörer minimum, mm:  maunder minimum,
and dm:  dalton minimum.  it also includes estimated corrections of their
calculated sunspot numbers in the solid red and green lines.
 



figure 2 from usoskin et al. 2003


 
you can readily notice various differences between their greenland and
antarctic results, as well as between either of those and gsn,
particularly during the maunder minimum.  these, and some other
difficulties, are briefly discussed in usoskin et al. 2003.
 

 
of the presentation in hamburg there is available a file of slides,  solar
activity over the last 1150 years:  does it correlate with climate?.
among those slides is the above graph, as well as several other graphs
not included in usoskin et al. 2003.  among the latter are two on a
slide labelled:  comparison:  sunspot number & climate.
 




 
the next slide from the presentation offers
 





 
i would guess that the trend that correlates at 0.7-0.8 level is somehow
related to the very smooth lines that run through each of those two
graphs, including the sunspot lines that continue climbing right through
the maunder minimum.  if their models cannot get more realistic about a
phenomenon such as the maunder minimum, they would seem to need much more
work before asking people to take their climate correlations seriously.
i suspect that one can find a variety of statistical trends that appear
to correlate incidental aspects of phenomena.  as displayed in the
presentation, the proffered trend seems to me to be a distraction from
identifying correlations based on physical causation.
 

 
a subsequent slide of the presentation asserts sn runs ahead of climate
by 10 years (sn presumably being their calculated sunspot numbers).  i
can imagine various lead times between sunspot numbers and various
climatic effects, but i cannot see a 10 year lead time in either of those
two graphs.  (if you can, please let me know.)
 

 
while usoskin et al. 2003 and related papers, including their
difficulties, seem to me to be quite interesting, it also seems to me
that the attempt in the presentation to portray a correlation with
either version of the hockey stick, much less with both versions, was not
conducive to resolving any of the difficulties.
 

 
some incidental comments:  usoskin et al. 2003, and the presentation,
emphasize the very much higher sunspot numbers in recent years than in
earlier years, even within the historical series of group sunspot
numbers.  i estimate that the 11 year smoothed gsn of 1959 is about 57
per cent higher than that of 1790, which by my calculations was the
highest before 1935.  however, using wolf sunspot numbers (wsn), the 11
year smoothed sunspot number for 1959 seems to be only about 20 per cent
higher than that of 1790.  still higher, but not as strikingly so.  the
next two graphs present annual, and 11 year smoothed, comparisons between
numbers based on each of the systems.
 






 
(data for these two graphs are from:

gsn and

wsn ).
 

 
i am not aware of the relative merits of the two numbering systems.  one
obvious advantage of gsn is that they extend back to 1610, while wsn
extend back only to about 1700, and some might suggest only to about
1750.
 

update added 30 july 2004

 
a recent upi article,

climate:  the vanishing solar factor, has been added to the mix.
i will comment briefly on just a couple of parts of it.
 

in order for the sun to force the climate to the little ice age observed
during the maunder minimum, the change in the solar constant had to be
about twice what has been observed during modern, zero-sunspot periods.

 
1. modern zero-sunspot periods have been very brief.  the most recent
calendar month with a zero wsn was june 1913; the most recent calendar
year with a zero wsn was 1810.  a zero sunspot day, or week, may not
tell us much about what the so-called solar constant would do during
a zero sunspot year, or a zero sunspot decade.
 

 
2. the statement implies an assumption that variations of solar wind and
the magnetic heliosphere, and variations of the flux of cosmic rays,
have no climatic effects, but without addressing research results
indicating that they do.   raimund muscheler probably could direct the
author of the article to some of that research.
 


in the 2002 harold jeffreys lecture to the royal astronomical society in
london, solanki said:  after 1980, however, the earth's temperature
exhibits a remarkably steep rise, while the sun's irradiance displays at
the most a weak secular trend.  hence the sun cannot be the dominant
source of this latest temperature increase, with man-made greenhouse
gases being the likely dominant alternative.

 
1. that statement suggests that solanki had not yet read usoskin et al.
2003, which he co-authored.  :-)  again, solar irradiance is not the
only solar variable.
 

 
2. if the "latest temperature increase" refers to a globally averaged
surface temperature increase which allegedly exceeds lower free
troposphere temperature changes, then it refutes, rather than supports,
notions of greehouse gases being a plausible, much less a likely
dominant, alternative.
 
 
  


corrigenda anyone?


 (2 july 04)
   

 
steven mcintyre and ross mckitrick have posted an update about the
process of resolving issues raised by their assertions of errors in the
mann et al 1998 paper of hockey stick fame:

the corrigendum in nature today (july 1, 2004) by professors mann,
bradley and hughes is a clear admission that the disclosure of data and
methods behind mbh98 was materially inaccurate.  the text acknowledges
extensive errors in the description of the data set.  even more important
is the new online supplementary information (si) site, which reveals for
the first time that key steps in the computations behind mbh98 were left
out of (and indeed conflict with) the description of methods in the
original paper.

there are additional comments at

ross mckitrick's website (scroll down a page to the update).

those who missed it may find john daly's related article,

"broken hockey stick"
of interest.
 
  








 

for previous
"stop press!" items,
 
      click above on
 
      the tasmanian devil 




links to selected articles
 
under construction: a

list of articles
at various websites which
may be of interest.  at this time, a very short list.

last updated: (14 apr 04)







 
   





recent guest papers
 



new enso forecasts based on solar model
by  dr theodor landscheidt 
(germany)  
(22 dec 2003).  the latest forecast from
 
dr landscheidt's solar model for predicting enso events. 
the next el niño should emerge around july 2006 and last at least
 
until may 2007, with a probability of 80%.
 cyclonic storms over western europe by   max beran (britain)  (15 dec 03).  max beran analyses claims by the hadley centre that a significant trend in uk storminess over the past half-century or so
 
had occurred.  he finds that a faulty treatment of the north atlantic
 
oscillation resulted in the claimed effect being a statistical artefact, not
 
actually real.  
 variations in co2 growth rate associated
 
with solar activity  by dr theodor landscheidt (germany) (21 sept 03).  solar
 
activity and solar motion variations are found to explain much of the
 
variability of co2 growth over the last several decades.  the average
 
annual increase over the last 10 years was 1.66 ppmv/yr, which is less than half
 
that assumed by climate models. 
 




   weather station(s)

of the week
   

this week -
 
(click the name)  
colombia
 
stations
this week' stations are bogota,
 
the capital of colombia and three other stations, neiva, calipuerto, and las
 
gaviotas.
there would appear to be little
 
or no hope that `climate change' might impact adversely on the illicit coca
 
crop.  very little change is evident, one station  showing cooling,
 
bogota showing slight warming  (most likely the result of urban heating),
 
and the other two with neutral trends. 
(click below for other, mostly rural,  weather station records from around the world.)

also in ...  español





latest
 
weather & climate information  

latest
 
satellite image of australia 
      from james cook university. time
 
is in gmt  
 latest
 
msl synoptic chart of australia 
      from australian bureau of
 
meteorology. time
 
is in gmt  


daily global sea surface temperature 
      from university of
 
wisconsin-madison, usa 



sea surface temperatures
also

sea surface temperature variances from average
;   from fnmoc, usn, usa
 (links updated dec 8,2004)



 monthly
 
sunspot data (cycle 23) 
       from data published
 
by ips, australia  
 latest
 
u.s. temperatures (time in gmt, temp. in ºf)
 global mean sea level
- see critique of topex-poseidon 
 latest
 
arctic sea ice and snow cover
 
     from university of illinois
 

northern hemisphere sea ice
 and 

southern hemisphere sea ice

    from fnmoc, usn, usa
 (links updated dec 8, 2004)
 




el
 
niño/la niña 
 
 southern oscillation 

click on the image below for the latest
 
on the
 
el niño/la niña southern oscillation










 
     








 
 for recent "news" media stories, some climate related, others not,
 a web site which may be of interest is
 
  www.junkscience.com.
        






special reports on major
 
climate issues  





the peer review system:
 
 is climate science politically corrupt?
 
 
 
 - testing the peer review process, and finding it wanting
 
(john l daly's last paper)
 (published 22 feb 04)
 


(also of interest: a previously published,

but quite apropos,
john brignell article)


sea level at hobart, tasmania: a failure to
 
        authenticate - the authors of the `sea level rise at port arthur'
 
        scenario are shown to have failed to authenticate a vital claim they
 
        made about sea levels at hobart, tasmania (11 jun 03)

tasmanian sea levels:  the isle of the
 
        dead revisited -
 
        a detailed report on the
 
        160-year-old sea level benchmark at port arthur, tasmania, which some
 
        scientists think is evidence of sea level rise, but which actually shows
 
        no such thing  (2 feb 03) 
quality control - cru style  (15 aug 2001).  
the full story on cru's lack of quality control. 
   
suzuki's home town  - london, ontario, canada  - david suzuki says
 
        winter comes later now in his boyhood home town.  but the weather
 
        records from there and nearby show his claim is false.  (26 apr 03)

greens
 
sue u.s. government  (31 aug 02) 
 
        -  greenpeace and friends
 
        of the earth have mounted a lawsuit against the us government. 
 
        but why has the city of boulder, colorado, joined them?  find out
 
        here.  
"australia ratifies the kyoto protocol - and implements it how, exactly?" (21 aug 02)
 
        - a discussion on the economic impact kyoto would have on australia. 
badwater  (19 jul 02).  a
 
        world record in the making...

topex-poseidon
 
radar altimetry:  averaging the averages  (5 dec 2001).  just how accurate is sea level monitoring from
 
satellites? 



 `making' the news: 
 
the sunday times and british climate (20 nov 2001).  how the london sunday times has distorted climatic data for britain without
 
  so much as a murmur from the originators of that data. 



the nenana ice classic:
 
  betting on warming  
(28 oct
 
  2001).  alaskans have been betting on the
 
  date and time of river ice breakup at nenana every spring. now the
 
  greenhouse industry is in on the act, with some sloppy science in `science'.
a
 
      day in the life of the scientific republic of australia -
a dark fable for christmas  
(dec 2003)
the `hockey stick':
 
  a new low in climate science   
 
 (12 nov
 
  2000)   the new dogma by both the ipcc and us national assessment is
 
  that the medieval warm period and the little ice age during the last
 
  millennium never happened. their claim is false and politically inspired.
a clap of thunder (12 may 2001).  
 
  the saga of the barrow thunderstorm of 19th june 2000 in alaska.
the return of
 
        `moby dick' (17 april 2001) 
 
        two papers in science about the deep oceans
 
        which make lots of questionable assumptions. 
a smoking pea-shooter  (19 march 2001)  human influence on the  greenhouse effect has now
 
  been measured in a british study of two sets of satellite data 27 years apart.
 
  this report  reveals some surprising
 
  facts about the study not reported in the media. 
the top of
 
  the world: is the north pole turning to water?
 (2 feb 2001)   water at the north pole was big news in august
 
  2000. was it just another media scare story, or is the arctic sea ice really
 
  disappearing?  this report details the whole issue of arctic sea ice.
 
        also -  see
 
        this bbc report on arctic sea ice
testing
 
the waters: a report on sea levels   (july 2000)
 
  has global sea level risen 10 - 25
 
  cm during the 20th century as claimed by the ipcc? this report presents evidence to show that the claim is false and based purely on
 
        modelling.
the
 
surface record: global mean temperature and how it is determined at surface
 
level   (june 2000)  
 
        an argument for an independent review of the `surface record'. the
 
satellites were reviewed, so why has the `surface record' escaped independent
 
examination?







 
sea levels:  the `isle of the dead'








"is this the picture that takes the heat
 
out of global warming?" -
 

 
asks the bbc 
photo 29th aug. 1999, 1.04 pm, aest  
 
(around mean tide)

 
           © john l. daly


melbourne herald-sun on the `isle of the dead'


recently,
 
        the world's media was abuzz with reports from tasmania that a
 
        160-year-old tidal mark had been found in south-eastern tasmania, and
 
        that scientists had concluded that it showed evidence of `dramatic' sea
 
        level rise during the 20th century. 
the media blitz which preceded a public
 
        lecture given in hobart by the scientists involved, spoke volumes about
 
        the wider political agenda at stake.

now the full details about exactly what
 
        these scientists think they have found - and more importantly the errors
 
        they have made - and the fragile statistical base upon which their `sea
 
        level rise' scenario rests, is all detailed in this report on
 
        tasmanian sea levels. 
click
 
        here
 
        for part 1     
 
        click here
 
        for part 2 
testing
 
the waters: a report on sea levels 




in april 2003, three of the
 
        scientists involved in the earlier claims that sea level had risen at
 
        the `isle of the dead' published a new paper in geophysical research
 
        letters in which they sought to reinforce
 
        their claims with new information about tides and sea level at nearby
 
        hobart, tasmania, information which had not been presented by them in
 
        their earlier, more detailed, paper of november 2002.the key reference
 
        they provided for this new information proved to be of no value in supporting their claims.   but another,
 
        much more significant, problem in their paper was also discovered.  full details here
 
        - 
sea level at hobart, tasmania: 
 
        a failure to
 
        authenticate

   




tuvalu - pacific islands crying wolf




the government of tuvalu, egged
 
on by greenpeace, is the
 
most strident of small pacific island countries, claiming they are being swamped
 
by rising seas caused by global warming.    predictably, they
 
                want `compensation' from the usa and australia.    but tide data
 
from funafuti, the capital of tuvalu, data collected with australian expertise
 
and equipment, shows their claims to be both alarmist - and false.   (data from the national tidal facility (ntf), adelaide)



in march 2002, the ntf stated  "the historical record shows no visual evidence of any acceleration in sea level trends." 
 
instead, they suggested coastline degradation and sinking islets in funafuti,  were the result of entirely local
 
conditions, not sea level rise.  (afp story) 





  
`global mean temperature' - disputed data





   
 
the `surface record'  
 



it's not really a record at all, but a statistical
 
composite from station records from all over the world, most of them from
 
towns and cities, and most from countries which do not maintain their stations
 
or records properly.  
this record is compiled by the goddard institute (giss)
 
in the us.  it indicates a global warming of +0.8°c. is
 
it real? or is it just a statistical product of urban warming skewing the
 
data, and bad site management in non-oecd countries?
 
the pre-1940 warming is widely regarded to have been caused by the warming sun during the earlier part of
 
the 20th century.





    
 
the u.s. record  
 
 


this is the combined record from hundreds of weather
 
stations in the 48 states of the contiguous usa., the early 1930s being
 
the hottest years of the 20th century. this is completely at variance with
 
the global record shown above. (both graphs were produced by
 
nasa-giss)  
 urbanisation has been more successfully corrected for in the us
 
than in the rest of the world and the us also has the best maintained network of weather stations
 
in the world. this must therefore be a better representation of the global
 
picture too. the us record also agrees with the satellites (shown
 
below)  







   
    the satellite record 1979-2006  



the newest
 
and best way to determine global
 
temperature is to use satellites to measure the temperature
 
of the lower atmosphere, giving the earth a uniform global sweep, oceans
 
included, with no cities to create a false warming bias. this second method,
 
used since january 1979, has a published margin of error of +/- 0.05 c/decade,
 
and is clearly the best record we have.  here
 
are global mean temperature
 
anomalies of the lower atmosphere for the
 
29-year period january
 
1979 to july 2008.
it shows a very different picture to that
 
of the global `surface record' over the same period.















global trend per decade
 
= +0.130°c,   
 
(northern hemisphere = +0.197°c,    
 
        southern hemisphere =  
+0.063°c.
)

july 
        2008 global  =   0.048°c,     (northern hemisphere =   0.094°c,    southern hemisphere =
 
         0.003°c.) 


 
(caveat:  update 3 jan 2008 from john christy and roy spencer)

 
we now have data from aqua added to the time series beginning with
day 221 of 2002.  aqua is a spacecraft with on-board propulsion and
thus has stable station-keeping.  thus, aqua's amsu will not be subject
to diurnal temperature drifts.  upon comparison with noaa-15's amsu, we
find only minor differences for their 5+ year overlap, with noaa-15
being slightly warmer near the end of the time series for lt and mt.
the error values for noaa-15 are much smaller than what we indicated
(in an earlier update).

 
at this time we are merging aqua into the time series while keeping
noaa-15, with its slight, spurious warming, in the mix through the
present.  there will be some slight month-to-month differences versus
the version from last month, but these are very small so we will keep
the version numbers as they are since nothing has changed except the
merging of aqua into the time series.  we note that 1-11 dec 2007 are
missing in aqua and are hoping these will be recovered.  we do have all
daily values from noaa-15 for december.
 





the actual
 
data from which the above graph is derived.    
 
  northern & southern hemispheres
 
 compared. 
 
for further
 
        info see the global
 
hydrology and climate center at the university of alabama - huntsville,
 
usa
 


see the
 
surface record: global mean temperature and how it is determined at surface
 
level  by john l. daly.
 an argument for an independent review of the `surface record'. the
 
satellites have been independently reviewed several times, so why has the `surface record' escaped an independent
 
examination in the public interest?

`what
 
the stations say'


(see  `el niño
 
and global temperature', to see why some years are hot,
 
and some are cool.)  








other site contents (click
 
the section label)

















storm chasing in tornado alley     
 
                -    plus movie clip  
 
                (2.7 mb
 
                download in .mov format)






climate change in antarctica - through the eyes of an 11-year-old reader of this
 
website











e-mail is welcome

 (email to this website will be
received by jerry brennan.
 follow the  link for
additional details.)


  
note:

 
spam and dubious emails are deleted without being opened.
executable attachments are not executed except by prior
arrangement.
 
                 
 the email program in use
 
                is configured for  text only.




copyright john l. daly,
 
 jerry brennan 





evden eve nakliyatistanbul esya depolamauluslararasi nakliyatuluslararasi evden eve nakliyatistanbul ev tasimaevden eve nakliyat istanbulistanbul evden eve nakliyeistanbul nakliyat firmasiev esyasi depolamagebze nakliyat
selcuksportstaraftariumjustin tv


