





custom hybrid it solutions from a trusted infrastructure partner | nyi


































































 



 





call us: 800.288.7387
salesteam@nyi.net

get a quote
login
 

 
 
 
 



















  
solutions

colocation & data centers
network & interconnection
hybrid cloud
bare metal
professional services
managed services


resources

news
events
blog


about nyi

the nyi difference
partner program
careers
community
compliance


contact
 

















nyi cloud solutions

							get all the control, performance, scale, and flexibility you need.						


learn more


 


human intelligence.

							enterprise reliability.the current infrastructure landscape can be complex, challenging, and impersonal.						


learn about the nyi difference


 


hybrid infrastructure:

							the intelligent approachachieve flexibility and cost efficiency with custom combinations of cloud, colocation, and dedicated hosting.						


customize your solution


 












0cloud
0colocation
0bare metal
0disaster recovery
0professional services
0managed services







customized hybrid it solutions
nyi is a trusted infrastructure partner to thousands of clients across a range of industries. we offer a comprehensive set of hybrid it solutions across cloud, multi-cloud, colocation and bare metal – all accessed from a single management platform. these solutions are complemented by our extensive professional services and end-to-end managed services capabilities.
we pride ourselves not only on the excellence of our offerings but also on the integrity, human intelligence and expertise we apply to solving every challenge and supporting the mission-critical business of all our clients.










featured testimonials

 
“in terms of numbers alone, we would be spending 10x our current rate to replicate internally the superior service nyi has given us the past five years.”

nick serafini
head of information services, portware

“nyi’s platform and services have alleviated the headache we were facing by having our critical applications distributed across aging infrastructure in 19 global locations, as well as on aws. by consolidating, we are able to reduce costs while improving performance and reducing risk by enhancing the dorel sports disaster recovery position. we rest assured that our applications are in good hands as nyi’s sales and technical support teams have proven very responsive and knowledgeable.”

dhiresh jethwa
vice president & cio, dorel sports

“nyi treats us like real people. the company is more than just a monolithic building full of black boxes. we knew from the beginning that the nyi team was a group that we wanted to work with and they present us with user-friendly solutions to meet our requirements when we need them.”

john kondratowicz
cio, dg3

“nyi’s reputation and uptime speaks for itself, we’re thrilled to be working with a provider who actually cares about our business; the team doesn’t just say what they’ll do; they get it done day after day.” “as one of our preferred vendors, we like to think of the nyi team as trusted teammates. nyi is always helpful and willing to go above and beyond to answer our questions and address any concerns. the company’s speed to service delivery is far ahead of any competitors; what took weeks with others takes just days or hours with nyi.”

j.b. zimmerman
operations team lead, sailthru

“nyi knows that small to mid-sized businesses want accessibility to the same dr/bcp resources enjoyed by the fortune 500.”

bill laperch
ceo and president, abovenet

“as an industry leader in financial services technology solutions and services, nyi’s technological prowess in meeting customers’ needs was attractive to alpha plus. with their team’s help we were able to further expand into other/non-standard services for our own customers. nyi has a well-established, proven record of maintaining availability and allowing 24/7 access. its highly professional staff is always present and willing to assist in any way they can.”

kevin davis
trading services, alpha plus

“we had a massive ddos attempted against us using the ntp flaw a while ago. [nyi] blocked just the ntp port to the one host being attacked, and informed us of the attack while they asked their upstream providers to push the block out onto the network to kill off the attack. our customers didn’t even notice.”

rob meuller
director, fastmail



featured clients

 







 

 

 

 


 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 











the latest nyi news at your fingertips

 













  
 
 
 
 
nyi is a trusted infrastructure partner to small and medium-sized enterprise clients across a range of industries. we drive infrastructure optimization through flexible integrated hybrid it solutions and strategic partnerships that result in cost and performance efficiencies. our experts offer insights and end-to-end support so that your teams can be freed to focus on innovation and growth.

 





contact us

new york city
		60 hudson street
		new york, new york 10013


chicago

	800 jorie blvd.
oak brook, il 60523


nyi headquarters
t: 212.269.1999     
	t: 800.288.7387

 





terms and conditions
service level agreement
privacy policy


new york internetcopyright 2024. all rights reserved worldwide.  







solutions

colocation & data centers
network & interconnection
hybrid cloud
bare metal
professional services
managed services


resources

news
events
blog


about nyi

the nyi difference
partner program
careers
community
compliance


contact
 





































