








the hunger project | together, we can end hunger.















































































who we are

vision, mission, principles
our people
our partners
opportunities
accountability


what we do

our approach
where we work
our impact
the issues
working together


the latest

know your world
newsroom
stories
videos


make an impact

give now
give monthly
create a legacy
youth in action
events
corporate partners


give now



























search for:










 













partnering with communities to end hunger.

resilience. courage. ingenuity. creativity. ending world hunger is possible because people are extraordinary. with your support, we partner with communities to achieve their own visions of a sustainable future free from hunger and poverty.
​

make an impact

give now






our unwavering commitment

ending hunger is not a dream—it’s a choice. explore the hunger project’s vision, values, and the bold actions we take to create a world without hunger.
 








new survey shows our deep impact

in 2024, the hunger project brought on an external firm to measure our impact across our organization-wide key performance indicators in the areas that matter most to us: eliminate hunger, reduce poverty, promote gender equality and mobilize community agency.
 








new book celebrates dr. badiul alam majumdar’s journey of civic leadership

today i saw a revolution tells the inspiring story of dr. badiul alam majumdar’s journey as a leader for civic change in bangladesh.
 








mobilizing youth and driving innovation: world food forum 2024

at the world food forum 2024, the hunger project emphasized youth, innovation, and investments for sustainable food systems.
 

















hunger is about more than food.it’s about people.

top-down, aid-driven charity models fail to create lasting change in the lives of those in need. to achieve a sustainable solution to world hunger, we need to support those living in hunger with access to education and tools that foster self-reliance.

the challenge

the issues










733 million people are chronically undernourished








99% of people living in hunger are in low and middle income countries








women and girls account for 60% of people living in hunger worldwide


















an international nonprofit that works where it matters.

the hunger project is more than a hunger relief organization or global charity. we focus on building self-reliance at the grassroots level, working with women as key change agents and forming effective partnerships with local governments to create a lasting impact.








start with women








mobilize communities








engage government







our approach







a far-reaching impact.

across the globe, our education, agriculture, health and microfinance programs foster the skills, knowledge and resources communities need to break the poverty cycle themselves.








rural communities






participants in vision, commitment and action workshops






people reached





discover the impact of our programs in people’s lives across africa, south asia and latin america.

our impact







real people. real stories.









new survey shows our deep impact

in 2024, the hunger project brought on an external firm to measure our impact across our organization-wide key performance indicators in the areas that matter most to us: eliminate hunger, reduce poverty, promote gender equality and mobilize community agency. 














veronica’s vision, commitment and action in ghana

explore the transformative story of veronica, a local farmer turned community leader, and witness the power of collective growth in adonkwanta, ghana.














transforming nutrition in mexico through indigenous knowledge

in mexico, we unite indigenous and scientific knowledge to increase food security. explore how our initiative mobilizes communities and safeguards cultural heritage. 












more stories







real people. real stories.







new survey shows our deep impact

in 2024, the hunger project brought on an external firm to measure our impact across our organization-wide key performance indicators in the areas that matter most to us: eliminate hunger, reduce poverty, promote gender equality and mobilize community agency. 





veronica’s vision, commitment and action in ghana

explore the transformative story of veronica, a local farmer turned community leader, and witness the power of collective growth in adonkwanta, ghana.





transforming nutrition in mexico through indigenous knowledge

in mexico, we unite indigenous and scientific knowledge to increase food security. explore how our initiative mobilizes communities and safeguards cultural heritage. 






more stories







together, we can end world hunger.

whether you can invest time or money, everyone has a role to play in sustainably ending world hunger. when one person is trained, the ripple effect reaches children, spouses, neighbors and entire communities. real progress is made when we all work together.

make an impact











make change happen. invest in people.





give now







mailing address
the hunger project110 west 30th street, 6th floornew york, ny 10001 

contact us



get connected
join the conversation on social, and stay connected with the latest from our partners around the world.

followfollowfollowfollowfollowfollowfollow



stay informed
subscribe to our newsletter to receive updates of latest news and events.

sign up



























policies & disclosures | privacy policy | press & media | terms of use



© the hunger project |  website by the good alliance



 













 
























