





great insurance recruiters - insurance jobs from insurance recruiters. claims jobs, underwriting jobs, sales jobs, loss control jobs and more jobs from recruiters.





















































skip to main content









					-->
				









					-->
				









					-->
				










skip to main menu





skip to user menu








jobseekers
sign inor


create account






employers














					-->
				










home
find a job
job alerts
search employers
career advice












search 108 insurance recruiter jobs














search


keywords





location






within


          within 5 miles

          within 10 miles

          within 25 miles

          within 50 miles

          within 100 miles

          within 250 miles















browse jobs by category



accounting 3


actuary 6


broker / agent 8


claims 74


executive / management 8


financial services 2


health and medical  1


it  1


legal / compliance 1


loss control 3


marketing / communications 1


operations 4


reinsurance 1


risk management 4


sales 8


underwriting 14


workers' compensation 48


























	get job alerts


	
		sign up for our free service and get great jobs emailed to you.
	



















	upload your resume


	
		upload your resume so our employers can offer you great jobs.
	





















	
			featured employers
	





















view all employers











featured jobs











territory sales manager – tennessee
tennessee • $65,000 to $130,000













in-office licensed insurance sales agent
colorado springs, colorado • up to $104,000 per year 

















commercial general liability/auto team manager ...
work from home • up to $105,000 per hour, based on exp...













claims adjuster - workers compensation lost tim...
work from home • up to $30.00 per hour, based on exper...








view all jobs




career news and advice












view all articles







recruiters, tap into the largest insurance job network! 
post your open insurance jobs today, in just a few clicks! it’s fast and easy to find and match with the best insurance talent using our powerful technology. your job is posted to the entire network of sites (including greatinsurancejobs.com). our network is deep, we’re mobile and tablet optimized, and our insurance traffic is jamming – 260,000 visitors per month. questions? give us a call at (800) 818-4898. 






employers

post jobs and monitor your applications
use our extensive database to search candidates
filter applications with screening questions

post a job
















				-->
			





about greatinsurancerecruiters.com
welcome to greatinsurancerecruiters.com, part of the #1 network for finding the best jobs in the insurance industry.  this site is dedicated to the top insurance recruiters in the industry that are actively recruiting for their insurance clients in many areas. many of these specialized niche insurance recruiters have jobs in  claims, underwriting, loss control, sales, risk management, actuarial and many other  insurance sectors. most of the jobs on this site are only posted here and not found anywhere else on the internet.  and it’s all optimized for your mobile device or tablet. upload your resume and get to know the "career agents" (aka recruiters) that can help you reach your career goals!

















back to top






about us


contact us


terms & conditions


privacy policy


why greatinsurancerecruiters.com?


job fair


resources


job report

post a job with us





facebook




twitter




instagram




tiktok



© 2011 - 2025 greatinsurancerecruiters.com, inc. all rights reserved. 
	powered by madgex job board platform




















