




david barrett » the man behind one shining moment


































































 


























"the best song for any sport, in the world!"



























home
one shining moment

the song
the lyrics


about

biography


news
videos
photo galleries
contact
davidbarrett.com
 
















the story behind “one shining moment” 




latest news









 

“one shining moment” led off the playlist at wichita state’s shootaround on monday.

that song – the traditional sendoff after the ncaa title game on cbs – is about aspiration and highlights...








 

the national basketball association chose david barrett’s one shining moment for the naismith basketball hall of fame presentation of the gowdy award ceremony

one shining moment shared the stage with cbs sports, whose coverage of the ncaa men’s basketball has become the...








 

david barrett’s one shining moment  and at&t’s lily ham it up with ncaa stars—past and present—in march madness ad blitz

“one shining moment,” incorporates the tournament’s iconic theme song—the first time a brand has received permission to do so...








 

david barrett joins the prestigious harry walker agency

david barrett joins a litany of important american voices, sharing thoughts and insights most notably related to his song one...








 

lisa byington touched by one shining moment

lisa byington talks about her discovery of one  shining moment at the ncaa 2022 basketball hall of fame induction ceremony  ...








 

napkins & #oneshiningmoment

one shining moment: how a man, a napkin & a dream created college basketball’s anthem  











osm: the song





 30 years of one shining moment
david barrett
2016








cbs themesosm quotables 

"one shining moment has become as synonymous with the ncaa as first round upsets."— sports illustrated
"one shining moment is arguably the most famous song in sports."— the wall street journal 
"...the playing of the anthem 'one shining moment' has become as integral to the ncaa tournament and national championship as snipping the nets."— usa today 
"…the most powerful anthem around… the perfect theme song for the purest play in sport."— armen keteyian, cbs analyst
"one shining moment' is one of the great power ballads of alltime...one last heartfelt goodbye."— sports illustrated on campus 
 






					copyright © 2013–2024. all rights reserved.  development and hosting by chaffeeservices, llc.























