







eddie's wheels for pets - the pet mobility experts

















































































































eddie's wheels custom dog wheelchairs





888-211-2700



shelburne falls, ma






















home



gallery




front wheel carts

quad carts

amputee dogs

cats

giant dogs

large dogs

small dogs



about us










visiting us in shelburne, ma




how our lives went to the dogs




meet the eddie’s wheels team




meet the eddie’s wheels dogs




eddie’s wheels how-to videos




what our customers say





products










dog wheelchairs for rear legs




dog wheelchairs for front leg disabilities




quads dog wheelchairs




dog wheelchair comparisons




wheelchairs for dogs with ivdd




the variable axle dog wheelchair for dm dogs




used & donated dog wheelchairs




therapy equipment





ordering / pricing










online shop




order a rear wheel cart




order a front wheel cart




order a quad cart or walker




pricing




a visual guide to measuring your pet




need help measuring? vets and rehab specialists




warranty and policies





faqs

products we recommend

dog wheelchairs instructional videos

about dogs with degenerative myelopathy

general questions about dog wheelchairs


news

contact











































eddie's wheels
the world's best pet mobility aid, custom built to match your pet's disabilities
designed and manufactured in the usa.
warranteed for the life of your pet

















order a custom built dog wheelchair














order a rear wheel dog wheelchair


















order a front wheel dog wheelchair


















order a four wheel dog wheelchair


















a visual guide to measuring your pet





















the best cart for your best friend





as caregivers of disabled dogs for the past 25 years, eddie and leslie grinnell knew what they wanted for their pets: a wheelchair designed for on and off-road play that would allow their pets to enjoy a good quality of life. a mechanical engineer by trade, ed’s revolutionary design has been endorsed by veterinarians, rehab practitioners and canine chiropractors.
some of the benefits of an eddie's wheels wheelchair:

custom-built dog wheelchair, tailored and engineered to match your pet’s disability and body shape.
welded, padded saddle gives your pet solid support on its pelvic floor, eliminating chafing to delicate soft tissue in the groin.
lightweight solid aluminum construction with wheels to match your pet’s terrain.
not a kit - shipped fully assembled, except for mounting the wheels on larger wheelchairs.
adjustable for height and length.
our exclusive variable axle carts allow owners to change the balance of the cart to compensate for increasing weakness in the front legs for dogs with degenerative myelopathy, arthritis or age-related weakness.
easy to use, indestructible, and warranteed for the life of your pet.
hand made in the usa in our own workshop in shelburne falls, massachusetts, and exported all over the world!

check out our dog wheelchair comparison page to find out more about the eddie's wheels difference.
































daisy the dachshund



















eddie's wheels dogs shake it!



















jake the wonder dog



























eddie's news














the affordable alternative


dog owners are faced with difficult choices and it behooves veterinary professionals to inform their clients about all their options.
















veterinary pet insurance covers dog wheelchairs


how daisy inspired veterinary pet insurance to cover dog wheelchairs
















front wheel dog carts for forelimb disabilities


eddie’s wheels is the inventor of the front wheel cart!
















animal rehab professionals prefer eddie’s wheels


author of the book physical therapy and rehabilitation for animals visits eddie’s wheels for for an intensive workshop.
































hours
monday - friday 9:00 am - 5:00 pm
in-person visits are by appointment only
measurement / evaluations: $50.00












contact us
(888) 211-2700
(413) 625-0033
140 state street
shelburne falls, ma 01370
u.s.a.
email: info@eddieswheels.com












donations
if you are interested in a financial donation to aid those in need of a dog wheelchair, please consider donating to the buddy's fund. please note that we are not a 501c, and any donations are not tax deductible.














helpful links
home
testimonials
order a cart
our store



















© 2025 eddie's wheels for pets - the pet mobility experts
|
mww


|


powered by rocketfusion




admin login









edit image

×







close








browse all images

×






close























