







city of mount vernon, ohio






























































































		city of mount vernon, ohio	



 











online services

engineering permits
tax
water


departments

auditor
boards and commissions
human resources
cemetery
civil service
city council
engineering

engineering permits
cra


fire
hiawatha water park
income tax
law director
mayor
municipal court
police
property maintenance enforcement office
public buildings & land
parks and recreation
safety service
street
water and wastewater


documents
city codes
utilities

stormwater
wastewater
water


contact us

city directory
about city


media / press

podcasts
press releases


public notices
videos
careers
 









mount vernon community showcase.
click on the thumbnail for a series of videos showcasing what makes mount vernon special as a place to live, work and play.








free downtown wifi


network — downtownmv
password — mtv43050


city council meetingsview live streamboil advisories


none.










work, play, learn 
							mount vernon, ohio 
							click for more information 
							 



discover our city 
							where you are always welcome! 
							 



great attractions 
							we offer something for everyone! 
							 



"best hometown 2017-2018" 
							as voted by ohio's magazine 
							 



 



 



 



 







9.90square, miles 1805year of foundation16,990populationwelcome to the city of mount vernon, ohio!upcoming events


presidents day, monday, february 17, city offices closed




special joint city council/county commissioners/regional planning commission meeting, monday, february 17 begins at 6:00 p.m., station break, 160 howard st. (click for live stream)




listening tour on city hall annex, thursday, february 20 begins at 6:00 p.m., council chambers




city council legislative session, monday, february 24 begins at 7:30 p.m., council chambers (click for live stream)


mayor’s message


welcome to the city of mount vernon, one of ohio’s best home towns! there is a hopeful and genuine community spirit and partnership among the residents and various organizations that make mount vernon a special place to live, work, play, and raise a family.
historically, we have a rich entrepreneurial spirit, find ways to reinvent, reuse, and repurpose aging infrastructure, and work together as a community to take care of our neighbors, friends, family, and visitors to our city. i urge you to stop into our different places of business, experience a variety of wonderful restaurants and retailers, explore our spacious and charming parks and bike paths, and recharge your spirit by taking in a show, concert, or art class downtown to connect with our delightful city.




–




seasonal employment
the city of mount vernon is accepting applications for seasonal employment. seasonal positions are outdoor positions with physical demands (mowing, operating weed trimmers, raking, etc.). hours are 7:30 a.m. to 4:00 p.m. monday through friday.
interested applicants must fill out an application and be able to pass a pre-employment drug screen. applications are available online or in the administration office located at city hall. applications can be emailed to dneff@mountvernonohio.ohio or dropped off at city hall.








dog fountain






city news 


 march 17, 2020

the city of mount vernon street department is accepting applications for seasonal employment. click for application.


by            revlocal
 0



 
 
community resourcesclick on the 2-1-1 logo to
connect to knox county resources:






public meeting agendas, minutes, noticessign up here for mount vernon alerts!click here for local recycling optionsclick here to e-file your taxesclick here for fair housing program information
   
  
 



welcome! we welcome your visit and please browse our web site and come visit us in central ohio, located north of columbus.
contact us
40 public square, suite 206
mount vernon, ohio 43050-3241
office telephone: 740-393-9517
office hours: 8:00 am – 4:00 pm

links pay online tax
pay online water
document library
city codes
mayor
city directory
sign up signup to receive notifications


follow us 
 
 
 
 
 



© copyright © 2020 city of mount vernon. all rights reserved. and website design by revlocal



 
 




 






































