











 home | center for aggression management 



































call us now 407-718-5637





 email id:  info@aggressionmanagement.com
























 home 


 about 

 about us 
 our founder / ceo 
 short caps movie
 caps instructional video 
 what is your future as a professional ? 
 preventing cyber “insider” attacks 




 services & caps mobile app  

 caps training 
 individual caps mobile app 
 commercial caps mobile app 
caps lms app




 caps prevents  

 caps prevents violence with scientific reliability 
 caps prevents bullying 
 caps prevents harassment 
 caps prevents abuse 
 caps prevents conflict 
 caps prevents discrimination 



 caps benefits  

 caps benefits security professionals 
 caps benefits hospitals and healthcare facilities 
 caps benefits human resources 
 caps benefits secondary schools 
 caps benefits higher education  
 caps benefits law enforcement 
 caps benefits military personnel  
 caps government cape 




 blogs & podcasts

 blogs
 podcasts 



 testimonial, client list & media

 client testimonial 
 client list 
 conferences and seminars 
 media 





contact us 
















sign in
×



















forgot password?







new user?







 






sign up
×



































 






forgot password
×




























 




	
						mysqli_result object
(
    [current_field] => 0
    [field_count] => 4
    [lengths] => 
    [num_rows] => 4
    [type] => 0
)
					
								























  
a transformative approach to safety: measuring aggression to prevent harm
at the core of our work, from our critical aggression prevention system (caps), including our books: before conflict, bridging political divides and safe schools, safe futures, is a transformative concept: the ability to measure aggression. this idea goes beyond traditional approaches that react to incidents after they’ve already occurred. instead, by measuring aggression in its earliest stages, we are empowered to intervene before harm occurs—whether it’s violence, sexual harassment, bullying, abuse, or discrimination.

why is measuring aggression transformative?
virtually all systems today are reactive, waiting for an incident to take place before addressing the pre-incident precursors. in contrast, when we can measure aggression, we shift from reaction to prevention. measuring aggression allows us to identify its earliest signs—long before it reaches the critical point of violence or severe misconduct. this ability to measure gives us real-time insights into behavioral patterns, providing a clear roadmap to de-escalate situations, redirect behaviors, and, most importantly, prevent destructive outcomes. because of caps, innocent people don’t become victims, aggressive people don’t become perpetrators, and employers, schools, society, and families save enormous amounts of human and financial costs.

by detecting aggression through the critical aggression prevention system (caps), we no longer have to wait for violence or misconduct to occur. we can identify precursors, engage early, and guide individuals or groups toward a more positive and constructive path.
the impact of this transformation is far-reaching:

in schools, it means identifying bullying or signs of aggression early, creating safer environments where students can focus on learning.
in workplaces, it provides a way to catch warning signs of harassment or abuse before they spiral out of control, fostering healthier organizational cultures.
in society, it offers a method to identify the precursors to incidents in communities, preventing violence and conflict before they escalate, ultimately creating a more peaceful and cohesive environment.
in politics, measuring aggression can highlight the escalation of hostility and help us find common ground before divisions deepen into irreparable harm.
within families, it allows us to detect the early signs of tension or conflict, giving us the opportunity to de-escalate situations before they result in lasting harm, fostering healthier family dynamics and stronger relationships.


this transformative approach is a common thread throughout our work. it changes the conversation about aggression and violence from, "how do we respond?" to "how do we prevent this before it even happens?" by measuring aggression, we unlock the potential for proactive, meaningful change that protects individuals and communities.

the true power of our books lies in presenting this shift—offering readers not just insights, but tools to actively prevent harm and create environments where safety and trust thrive. it’s a vision that’s transformative because it redefines how we understand and address aggression, putting prevention and safety at the forefront of our efforts.
the critical aggression prevention system (caps)
introducing the center for aggression management, inc. and its critical aggression prevention system (caps) - a reliable way to predict and prevent workplace aggression without violating privacy regulations. with caps' cutting-edge technology and training, you can proactively address aggression and create a safer, more productive workplace. join us in building a culture where destructive behaviors simply don't belong.

don't let your organization suffer the consequences of workplace aggression any longer. choose the center for aggression management, inc. and join the ranks of those who have made their workplaces safer, more harmonious, and more productive/profitable. together, let's create a culture where aggression has no place.
make an appointment with dr. byrnes to learn more.
let me introduce you to “the prevention paradox!”
the "prevention paradox" is akin to wearing masks during the covid-19 pandemic, providing a false sense of security. current workplace programs, we are led to believe will prevent sexual harassment, abuse, discrimination, bullying, and violence, are reactive and fail to reliably prevent these behaviors. the critical aggression prevention system (caps) is different, focusing on identifying signs of aggression and deviation from positive behavior to prevent incidents before they happen. unlike today’s punitive approaches, using indicators that are scientifically validated as reliable, caps takes a rehabilitative stance, effectively eliminating the prevention paradox and fostering a safer environment without violating privacy regulations like hipaa in healthcare, ferpa on school campuses and the civil rights act of 1964.

let us show you how and why caps works. during our time together (45 minutes presentations and 15 minutes for questions), you will learn whether caps makes sense for you and your organization. pick a date and time that works best for you and when i am available. invite your team to participate. eliminate the “prevention paradox!” come learn how!
make an appointment with dr. byrnes to learn more.
comparing your current programs versus the critical aggression prevention system (caps)
your current programs

using mental health assessments or their indicators are notoriously inaccurate! they are too subjective & can violate hipaa regulations.
current programs react to incidents, they do not reliably prevent them: active shooter response, sexual harassment, abuse, bullying, & discrimination!
moment of commitment: it is just 2 seconds before the discharge of a round! no security, no matter how well trained or equipped can reliably be in scene in 2 seconds! you are on your own . . .
“insider” cyber-attack: current programs are unable to reliably prevent “insider” cyber-attacks.
“see something, say something” is not reliable and is not working!

critical aggression prevention system (caps)

with scientific reliability, caps identifies the precursors to incidents and prevents them from occurring! (violence/ bullying/abuse/ discrimination/ sexual harassment/ “insider” cyber-attacks/destructive conflict/distrustful behavior)
caps does not violate privacy regulations like hipaa in hospitals and healthcare, ferpa in campuses, & civil rights act of 1964!
caps is founded in science! record and track using evidence-based best practices in real-time!
caps technologies permits intuitive, inexpensive, and scalable applications!
no victims – no perpetrators – significant reduction in costs to employers. 
there is no better solution!


learn how and why our critical aggression prevention system (caps) works. register for our next free one-hour caps webinar!
make an appointment with dr. byrnes to learn more.













 learn more about our critical aggression prevention system (caps) 










blogs and broadcast









school shooter analysis









marjory stoneman douglas high school:  preventing the tragedy
like so many other tragic cases, the media quoted several sources 
									who said they didn’t see any signs that he was capable of something violent.  yet 
									there were indicators if those around him had known what behavior to look for and when 
									to intervene.






 




client case studies 






 marjory stoneman douglas high school shooting 









sandy hook shooting 









virginia tech shooting









isla vista shooting (near santa barbara)
















×














learn more about our training for individuals, organizations and/or institutions.


 click here













contact us
corporate training is available for those clients who wish training in their facilities.

email info@aggressionmanagement.com
phone 407-718-5637
linkedin  john d.byrnes






our services

about us
our founder/ceo
references and citations
caps/training
media coverage








legals

privacy policy
terms and conditions  











© 2021 | center for aggression management | all right reserved | designed by rsl solution pvt ltd. 













x
    this site uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website. learn morethat's fine





  















