











national keratoconus foundation













































































about us
understanding kc

how do i manage?
how the eye works
what causes kc
how is keratoconus treated

answering your questions about crosslinking
corneal transplant surgery


research
videos
faqs


for patients

free kc patient packet
find a keratoconus specialist
keratoconus and down syndrome
insurance toolkit
students with kc
our stories
other resources / links


for doctors

referral list application
order booklets for office
doctor resources for treating keratoconus
order a kc poster for office
social media tool kit


donate
news & events

world kc day
nkcf newsletters
nkcf ambassadors

request a hero card


honor your doctor – nkcf top docs


media library

clearly kc podcast
view past webinars
ask the expert: chang reaction
overview of keratoconus for optometry students


contact us
 

























information, support
& advocacy 
							 



information, support 
& advocacy 
							 
















who we are
the national keratoconus foundation (nkcf) is an outreach program of gavin herbert eye institute at uc irvine school of medicine.  we are dedicated to increasing awareness and understanding of keratoconus (kc), and aim to provide information to individuals with kc. we cannot provide financial assistance to patients. please browse our website to find out more about kc.






about us
the national keratoconus foundation (nkcf) is an outreach program of the gavin herbert eye institute, uc irvine.
we are dedicated to increasing the awareness and understanding of keratoconus (kc) and provide the latest information to individuals with kc.
please browse our website to find out more about kc.


learn morewhat is keratoconus?



view video





comfort and fogging: does scleral lens size matter?if you wear mini-scleral lenses for keratoconus, you may have experienced issues like midday fogging (cloudy […]
read morecould snoring be a risk factor for keratoconus? a new study says yesa new study suggests that snoring may increase the risk of developing keratoconus (kcn). researchers used […]
read moreclinical trial spotlight: epion therapeuticsepion therapeutics is conducting phase 3 clinical trials for an investigational treatment called epismart™. this minimally […]
read more


support opportunitiesnational keratoconus foundation is always looking for industry partners to help us continue to educate, support and advocate for the keratoconus community. if you are interested in supporting us, please email us at info@nkcf.org









comfort and fogging: does scleral lens size matter?if you wear mini-scleral lenses for keratoconus, you may have experienced issues like midday fogging (cloudy […]
learn morecould snoring be a risk factor for keratoconus? a new study says yesa new study suggests that snoring may increase the risk of developing keratoconus (kcn). researchers used […]
learn moreclinical trial spotlight: epion therapeuticsepion therapeutics is conducting phase 3 clinical trials for an investigational treatment called epismart™. this minimally […]
learn moreexpert interview: maria walker, od, phdan interview with  maria walker, od, phd  houston, texas, united states   assistant professor · university of houston college of […]
learn more















 
the national keratoconus foundation (nkcf) is an outreach program of gavin herbert eye institute at uc-irvine. the nkcf is dedicated to increasing the awareness and understanding of keratoconus and the support of scientific research into the cause and treatment of keratoconus.

quick links 
kc doctor list 
free kc patient packet
understanding kc
living with kc
news & events
about us
contact us


contact us national keratoconus foundation
850 health sciences rd
irvine, ca 92697
1-800-521-2524 (warmline)
please do not provide your address here. if you are requesting a patient guide, visit: kc patient guides.







							copyright © 1998 - 2017 national keratoconus foundation. all rights reserved. designed and developed by orange county web design company lighthouse graphics 












accessibility




					b&c


					contrasts dark 


					contrasts white


					stop movement


					readable font


					underline links


a
a
a


cancel accessibility                







provided by:



 












































