













home | hubbard street dance chicago



































































hubbard street dance chicago



menu














                                    about us
                                






mission, vision, & values                        





company history                        





company dancers                        





repertoire                        





staff & board                        





annual report                        





press room                        





blog                        





career opportunities                        






auditions                        





jobs                        







contact us                        







                                    support us
                                






give now                        





ways to give                        





spotlight ball 47                        





circle places society                        





corporate support                        





current supporters                        







                                    performances & tickets
                                






about season 47                        






spring series | may 16-18, 2025                        







tickets                        





touring schedule                        





subscriptions                        







                                    education & community
                                






parkinson's project                        





school residencies                        





online curriculum & resources                        





unboxed                        






curriculum series                        









                                    summer intensives
                                






audition information                        





program details                        






teen create intensive                        





teen rep intensive                        





create intensive                        





explore intensive                        







faculty                        





faq                        





fellows program                        





dance on!                        







                                    faq
                                








login


donate


merch store


join our email list


covid-19 policy






enter search...




























                                                                aszure barton | fosse/verdon | matthew rushing
                                                            
spring series 
may 16–18, 2025at the harris theater for music and dance
tickets start at just $20

more






















spotlight ball 47 
thursday, may 15, 2025at the harris theater for music and dance
join us for our annual fundraising gala as we celebrate the legendary artistry and dynamism of our dancers and choreographers.

more











hsdc in the news










 

 fosse/verdon's 'sweet gwen suite' a milestone for hsdc & chicago

learn more about bob fosse's chicago roots, gwen verdon's work with hubbard street in the company's early years, and more in this chicago sun-times feature spotlighting our historic partnership with the verdon fosse® legacy.

read more







 

 review: hubbard street dance and fosse are magical together in fall series

“‘particularly fitting’ is how i’d also describe ‘sweet gwen suite’ for hubbard street in 2024 — because nothing should surprise us anymore with this extraordinary crop of genre-defying dancers." read the full 4-star review of fall series by lauren warnecke for the chicago tribune at the link below.

read more







 

 dance magazine november feature

hubbard street is honored to be the first dance company to give bob fosse & gwen verdon's work a home in our repertoire—fitting, given our history together! learn more about hsdc's past and present fosse/verdon collaborations—and a hint about the future of our partnership with the verdon fosse® legacy—in the dance magazine november issue feature linked below.

read more




















discover the joy of dance! bring hubbard street to your school for an in-person school dance residency, or wherever you are in the world with our array of free online lessons and activities for young dancers of all ages & ability levels.
for schools & teachers
 
for families
 















support us 


hubbard street dance chicago is committed to opening minds and doors through dance education and increased access to our performances, both virtually and in-person. in schools, at home, and across our community, we believe the world of dance is a bridge to creativity and connection, to exploration and expression. if you support us in this belief, please make a donation today.



donate
















hubbard street dance chicago

po box 778859chicago, il 60677-8859

312-850-9744
info@hubbardstreetdance.com
our rehearsal studio is located on the 4th floor of water tower place on michigan avenue. at this time, the studio is not open to the public. 







                               about
                            



                               donate
                            



                               press center
                            



                               contact us
                            







facebook
twitter
instagram
youtube





join our email list










© 2025 hubbard street dance chicago


privacy


credits


right of refusal policy



















