




welcome to francomm, your internet access and web page hosting provider

































































add this page to favorites















 select a linkcontactcyberstuffcontestemailhomepageslocal businessnetworkingsearchservicetechtipstip

s








                                                                  

; 
                               news:







limited & weekend only access now available.look up access numbers.service extended to new york city area.lan/wan wiring and networking now 
                            provided.find out how you can have us 
                            build your website.


















franchise communications inc. is greene county's first and finest service provider.  we also offer service to the new york 
                            city area. we offer you fast and reliable 56k/v.90 dialup access, web and domain hosting, isdn access, dedicated circuits, lan/wan consulting, and more.  feel free to browse our web-site and call us with any 
                            questions or comments at (518) 943-1377 or toll free (800) 889-6982.
















                                                                  

; 
                               features:







visit our interactive customer account pagesfree advertisement on francomm, find out how!
.visit our cyberstuff page for tips and information
                            .win a free month of internet access!
now you can search our web site, not just the web!






















 

 














  all customers are responsible for checking with their telephone carrier to see if the number they are dialing is a local call for them.  franchise communications, inc. will in no wise be liable for any long 
                distance charges as a result of dialing our service, even if you are given a number that is not in your local calling area.













1996-2002, franchise communications, inc.  








 





