


clearview rc flight simulator - home
















home

purchase
login
support




stock helis
stock planes
stock cars
stock fields
user models
user fields
controllers
features
help
faq
disclaimer





professional quality rc flight simulator
             for radio controlled planes and helicopters

learn to fly without fear with clearview. rain or wind outside, start flying right now! save money and time by not crashing your real models.	



features:

works on all modern windows
50 heli models, 50 plane models, 17 flying fields
full collision support
3d physics 
refined flight model with autorotation
true high alpha angles simulation

... and much more ...












  



download clearview



buy now  only $39.99




free flight time
number of remote controller helicopters and planes for you to try
recorded demonstration flights inside the simulator





clearview rc simulator personal license includes lifetime upgrades and free support.
after the purchase, you will receive activation instructions via e-mail. 
can be installed and works on computers with no internet connection - see here. 







clearview is for windows. for mobile phones and tablets get ours absolute rc sim:
			










absolute rc plane sim (free)


















absolute rc heli sim (free)


















links and news:
			
 		
            water support added. 
            
            auto pilot for helicopters and planes, including pre-defined training modes.
             
            read clearview customers testimonials here.

            see youtube clearview review here.

            rc car simulation added. see video of the cars in action here.
 
            see how clearview compares to other simulators here.







          full collision detection. dynamic camera mode. zoom modes. close
          up camera. auto pilot. magic time(tm) time slowdown for better learning.
          record, replay and share your flights.
          






               panorama scenery import. directx fms models import. complete set of servos to try
               on your models. rate and heading hold gyro simulation. extensive servo selection.
               experiment how different components affect the model flight.
               
               read the complete
               clearview flight manual
               or
               download
               as pdf (thanks, gary gunnerson for the pdf conversion!)
               

our models: we provide wide range of simulated rc models that cover almost all aspects of the hobby. 
			   the model selection and settings can benefit everyone, from pure beginners to seasoned experts. 
             

          create 3d replicas of your own rc models and fly them in clearview - it is as challenging
          and rewarding as building a new rc model from scratch!
		  




















how did you find clearview web site?









 

 
 
 


