





tawbaware -- digital camera software and photography







tawbaware

windows:

ptassembler

tufuse pro

star tracer

image stacker

pixelzap

thumber

colorfix

digiss

exifread

framer

filelister

minuptime

hidewin

filemonitor

command line

tufuse

camwork

cread

wordcount

htmlr




  


tawbaware


tawbaware is home to software, photographs, and writings by max lyons.



software


most of the software here is
designed for digital camera users, compatible with most current digital camera
models.  here are the programs on this site:


ptassembler.  advanced image stitching/high-resolution mosaic creation program (my pictures created with ptassembler). updated july 2017
tufuse.  command line image fusion freeware for exposure blending, focus blending, and more. updated aug 2012
tufuse pro.  graphical image fusion software, for exposure blending, focus blending.  a professional, graphical version of tufuse.
star tracer.  star trail image creator.  improves, enhances and extends star-trail images. updated feb 2014
image stacker.  create synthesized long-exposures by combining multiple images (great for star-trails and night photography).

pixelzap.  a program to remove "hot-pixels" from digital camera images.
thumber. a thumbnail extraction, image information, manipulation, web page creation "all-in-one" utility.
colorfix.  convert jpeg or tiff images from one color space to another (particularly useful for minolta dimage 5 & 7 images).
digiss.  an interactive slide-show screen saver designed specifically for digital camera images.
exifread.  a utility to view and extract exif information from digital camera pictures.
neatbatch.  a "batch-processing" assistant for absoft's very popular image noise reduction software.
framer. a program to view multi-frame jpg files as "mini-movies."
camwork. a dos utility to extract images from many popular digital cameras.
htmlr. a companion program for thumber that creates html directory listings
cread.  a very small, very fast command-line utility to extract and search for comments in jpg files.
ptapicker.  command line control point detection program for ptassembler. added may 2013

you can purchase a registration code for shareware programs using the tawbaware store.

here are a few other bits and pieces (all freeware) that are not camera related:


filelister.  creates a text file listing of files
	located in multiple directories.
minuptime. a "mini" on-screen display of
	system "up-time."
word count.  a tiny, command-line utility that counts
	characters, words and lines in files.
hidewin.  a tiny, windows app to hide windows
	(e.g. popup adds, message banners) from the screen.
filemonitor.  a windows app to monitor file size
	and modification date of several files in real-time.




panoramic and high resolution photography

 my frequently updated "high resolution" image gallery, (latest updates here).  rss feed here.  (2000-current)
 my first "gigapixel" image -- 1 billion pixels in one image (november 2003)
 my second "gigapixel" image (july 2004)
 my less frequently updated "super high resolution" (1 gigapixel and higher) panoramic and high resolution gallery (2003-current)




equipment tests

buying a slr camera is the easy part.  choosing lenses and other accessories
is the hard part.  here are some lens and equipment tests that i've done as
part of my never-ending quest to find the perfect gear!


panoramic tripod heads

nodal ninja 5/rd16 review (june 2009)
pre-production nodal ninja 5 review (november 2007)
kingpano review (september 2005)
nodal ninja 1 review (january 2005)
panosaurus review (may 2004, updated november 2006)

lenses

wide angle zoom lenses...revisited
canon 28-105 f3.5-4.5 vs. canon 28-135 f3.5-5.6
canon 28-105 f3.5-4.5 vs. canon 50 f1.8
sigma 24-70 f2.8 dg df vs. tokina 28-80 f2.8 at-x pro
sigma 15-30 f3.5-4.5 ex dg vs. tokina 19-35 f3.5-4.5 af 193



photography and technology

below are some links to some other miscellaneous items.  most of these are
short pieces i've written about digital photography, software or some combination
of the two:


hacking the xiaomi yi action camera.  a few hacks turn this cheap action camera into a surpisingly capable photographic tool. added august 2015
the $400, 96 megapixel panoramic camera. also available in pdf format
how many megapixels does it take to beat film?
have a look and decide for yourself!
 read how i create my high resolution images
with this ptassembler tutorial.

 some illustrations and thoughts about the
film vs. digital debate...are 6 megapixels enough?
 a couple of simple, home-made panoramic tripod heads for
nikon and
canon digital cameras.
 why creating a panoramic image isn't as simple as
careful alignment.
 measuring the dynamic range of digital cameras.
 reading the interesting data in the makernote tag
of the nikon 990.



discussion and links


got something to say?  try posting a message in one of the discussion forums.
for the technically minded, here are some links to other developers
of software for digital cameras some information about me.




© 1998-2017.  all images and text on this site are copyrighted.  reproduction or use without permission is prohibited...contact
max lyons for details.







