





blue marlin fishing charters – blue marlin is the most exciting species of fish

































skip to content


blue marlin fishing charters

				blue marlin is the most exciting species of fish			




			menu			+
×
expanded
collapsed

home
boats
contact
why choose us?
 






home



blue marlin fishing charters

contact



captain



the day





the boat





blue marlin is the most exciting species of fish to catch in the gulf of mexico. hands down blue marlin is the “boss” fish. many competitive fishing tournaments are built around blue marlin fishing. big-time blue marlin fishing tournaments around texas include the poco bueno, the lone star shoot out, and the legends.
fishing for blue marlin can also be the most boring and monotonous form of fishing known to man if you don’t know what you’re doing. often trolling for hours on end without reward. then boom! marlin fishing has been described as “hours of boredom interrupted by seconds of sheer terror.”
our blue marlin fishing charters is open year round. we charter for sportsman, family or company outings. up to 6 people per trip on split or open charters. we offer all day and half day trips and gulfstream fishing.
we also offer trips for billfish, dolphin, king mackerel, tuna, wahoo, cobia, spanish mackerel, shark and barracuda.


“he came out unendingly and water poured from his sides. he was bright in the sun and his head and back were dark purple and in the sun the stripes on his sides showed wide and a light lavender. his sword was as long as a baseball bat and tapered like a rapier and he rose his full length from the water and then re-entered it, smoothly, like a diver and the old man saw the great scythe-blade of his tail go under and the line commenced to race out.find a quiet place, use a humble pen.”the old man and the sea








about us
we offer guided deep sea fishing charter company with a fleet of boats and yachts leaving daily from the galveston, texas area into the gulf of mexico. we have boats of various sizes and accommodation levels with staff onsite to make sure you experience the best.


location
2217 strand street, galveston, tx 77550
(by appointment only!)










c
o
p
y
r
i
g
h
t
 

blue marlin fishing charters,
proudly powered by wordpress.	








