




  


send gifts to india from usa, uk, canada online - gujarat gifts

































javascript seems to be disabled in your browser.
                    you must have javascript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website.                




use coupon ggind65 and get 6 % off. hurry - limited period offer!














inr



aud - australian dollargbp - british pound sterlingcad - canadian dollareur - euroinr - indian rupeesgd - singapore dollarusd - us dollar 

 
 
 














menu



search



account






cart


 


you have no items in your shopping cart.
 
 









search:

search









account
track order
need help?



 
 
 
 
 





 info@gujaratgifts.com



 free delivery across india
		


 







inr



aud - australian dollargbp - british pound sterlingcad - canadian dollareur - euroinr - indian rupeesgd - singapore dollarusd - us dollar 

 
 
 
 







gujarat gifts


 



 






 same day deliveries
 mid night deliveries




 


 
 
 
 
 











menu






home

what customers saywhy us?same day deliveryhot!flowers and cakeshot!flowers and chocolateshot!flowers and sweetsflowers and dryfruitsflowers and teddyflowers and fruitsflowerscakesbirthdaymost popularbirthday flowershot!birthday cakeshot!birthday chocolatessweets & dryfruitsmugs & cushionshot!premium giftsbirthday hampersflower hamperssweet hamperschocolate hampersdry fruit hampersgift hampersgrooming hampersromantic hamperspersonalized giftsnewphoto mugsphoto cushionsphoto cakesled photo frames2d & 3d crystalspersonalized photo framesstones, tiles & crystalspersonalized kids giftspersonalized combospersonalized greeting cardsbirthday gifts by relationfathermotherhusbandwifebrothersisterkidsbabiesfriendsboyfriendgirlfriendflowerscombos & hampersflowers & cakeshot!flowers & chocolatesflowers & sweetsflowers & dryfruitsflowers & soft toysflowers & fruitsflowers by typeroseshot!gerberascarnationsliliesneworchidssee all flowers by typeunique ideasfruit basketsgoodluck / bamboo plantsnewheart shaped arrangementssee all flowers unique ideasby occasionbirthdayanniversary / weddingget well sooncondolence / sympathysee all flowers by occasioncakescakes by flavourblack forest cakeschocolate cakeskitkat / ferrero rocher cakesnewstrawberry cakespineapple cakesfresh fruit cakeshot!see all cakes by flavourspecial cakesheart shaped cakescartoon / kids cakesnewphoto cakeshot!designer & fondant cakeshot!see all special cakescakes by typebrownies & sponge cakescake comboscakes & flowerscakes & chocolatescakes & soft toyscakes by occasionbirthday cakesanniversary cakeswedding cakesbaby shower cakessee all cakes by occasionchocolate bouquetsnewmithai cakeshot!new arrivals 2025newoffershot!photo mugs & cushions personalizedhot!best sellersphoto mugsnewwhiteblackinside colormagicfancy handlemug combosphoto cushions / pillowshot!square shapedheart shapedledfurcushion combosphoto cakeshot!2d & 3d crystalsphoto led giftsnewphoto key chainspersonalized penspersonalized chocolateshot!photo t-shirtsjigsaw puzzlepersonalized combosnewpersonalized photo framesnewpersonalized greeting cardsphoto giftsstones, tiles & crystalsnewwooden plaquesfridge magnetshot!photo calendarssipper bottle & kids giftsnewpersonalized glass jarsphoto bluetooth speakersnewphoto tea coastersphoto lampsphoto clockshot!accessorieshot!by occasionsbirthdayanniversaryweddinglove & romancechocolatessweetsdryfruitsanniversaryplantspremium giftssilver itemsoccasionsrecent / upcoming occasionsholi gifts (14th mar)rs 599 storerakhi giftsrakhi hampersrakhi hampers new arrivals - 2024newrakhi with sweetshot!rakhi with dry fruitshot!rakhi with chocolateshot!rakhi gift hampersroyal hampersrakhi with haldiram itemshampers by recipienthampers for brotherrakhi hampers for kidsbhaiya bhabhi hampersreturn gift hampers for sisterrakhi with cookiespremium rakhi hampersnewpersonalized rakhi hampershot!rakhi with mugshot!rakhis & rakhi setsrakhi setshot!set of 2 rakhisset of 3 rakhisset of 4 rakhisset of 5 rakhisfamily setshot!rakhi for kidshot!rakhi bestsellersnewamerican diamondpearlauspiciousrudrakshasandalwoodother popular rakhisnewfancybraceletmaulisilvergoldenbhaiya bhabhi rakhinewlumba for bhabhinewpersonalized photo rakhiunique & quirky rakhievil eye rakhihot!rakhi new arrivalsnewrakhi thalimithai thalihot!dry fruit thalihot!chocolate thalihot!pooja thalibhaiya bhabhi thalirakhi add ons & miscellaneoussweetshot!dryfruitshot!chocolateshot!gold & silver giftsmugs, cushions & tilescoupons & promo codesnewdelivery locationsnewcustomers testimonialsnewtrack rakhi ordernew

new arrivalshimherkidsbaby



 




 
 
 




free delivery all over india
served 100,000+ customers since 1998
free greeting card with all gifts

 

















 














free all-india delivery
we hand-deliver flowers & cakes to 249+ cities, and all other gifts to 2500+ cities via courier, delivering 100,000+ smiles since 1998!






100% safe
sending gifts with us is 100% safe. our website & payment gateways both use secure socket layer (ssl) technology to encrypt important data.






payment options
we accept all major credit cards (visa, mastercard, amex, diners, jcb etc) debit cards, netbanking (35+ banks) & paypal.






what customers say
you made my brother's bday rocking. the cake was fresh and nice with a birthday card. also you delivered on the day i required. thank you :)



bestseller categories







































flowers - bestsellersview all 







 

roses n cake - 12 red roses bunch + 1/2kg cake + card



₹1,625.00 



 






 

cadbury with roses - 15 red roses basket + 2 dairy milk + cadbury fruit & nut + card



₹1,205.00 



 






 

alluring flowers & cake - 10 red roses, 1/2 kg black forest cake+ card




                    ₹1,505.00                


regular price:

                    ₹1,655.00                




 






 

breathtaking feast - 12 red roses, kitkat gems cake 1/2 kg, cadbury celebrations and card



₹2,470.00 



 






 

outstanding gifts - 15 mix roses + kaju katli 250 gms + assorted dry fruits 200 gms in box + card



₹2,010.00 



 






 

double roses - 10 red roses bunch, 2 ferrero rocher 4 pcs each + card



₹1,535.00 



 






 

fragrance of love - 12 mix roses basket + card



₹795.00 



 






 

fruits & dryfruits - 12 red & yellow roses bouquet, 2 kg mix fruits in basket, 200 gms assorted dryfruits & card



₹2,395.00 



 






 

surprise the love - 12 red roses, 1/2 kg cake, cadbury celebration + card



₹1,830.00 



 






 

lovely feelings - 12 red roses + ferreo rocher 16 pcs + card



₹2,175.00 



 






 

classic combo - 30 red roses heart + chocolate cake 1kg + card




                    ₹3,095.00                


regular price:

                    ₹3,405.00                




 






 

roses n celebration - 12 red roses + cadbury's celebrations pack + card



₹1,075.00 



 

 
 

1



cakes - bestsellersview all 







 

black forest cake 1/2kg + card




                    ₹1,045.00                


regular price:

                    ₹1,145.00                




 






 

chocolate truffle heart shape cake 1 kg + card



₹1,915.00 



 







 

delicious rasmalai cake 1 kg and card



₹2,305.00 



 







 

kitkat gems cake 1/2 kg and card



₹1,410.00 



 







 

1 kg square shaped chocolate photo cake & card



₹2,305.00 



 






 

chocolate heart shaped pinata cake 1 kg and card



₹2,705.00 



 







 

fresh fruits cake 1 kg and card



₹1,915.00 



 






 

strawberry cake with crown 1 kg and card



₹2,305.00 



 






 

black forest (eggless) 1 kg + card



₹1,705.00 



 






 

chocolate cake 1/2 kg + card



₹1,130.00 



 






 

round red velvet cake 1 kg and card



₹2,230.00 



 






 

smiley face fondant cake 1 kg and card



₹2,230.00 



 

 
 


cakes - new arrivals







































birthday gifts - bestsellersview all 







 

delicate feelings - 10 red roses bunch, 1/2 kg chocolate cake, 5 dairy milk and card



₹1,865.00 



 







 

personalized romantic surpise - personalized white mug, personalized cushion, square wooden keychain, dairy milk silk and personalized card


₹1,385.00 



 







 

kit kat cake 1/2 kg and card



₹1,320.00 



 






 

lovable basket - hershey's kisses milk chocolate, mini celebration, dairy milk fruit n nut, dairy milk crackle, 2 dairy milk, 2 kit kat, pringles original, oreo, 3 personalized props, wooden basket and card


₹1,445.00 



 







 

ferrero n silk basket - ferrero rocher 16 pcs, 2 dairy milk silk, 2 bournville and card



₹1,920.00 



 






 

marvelous thought - 15 pink roses basket, 1/2 kg black forest cake + card



₹1,810.00 



 







 

sipper bottle with dairy milk - 5 dairy milk, personalized sipper bottle (name) and personalized card



₹1,150.00 



 






 

magic of chocolate (eggless) 1 kg + card



₹1,795.00 



 






 

tray of delctable - hershey's kisses cookies, 2 hershey's milk shake, sunfeast dark fantasy choco fills, mini celebration, dairy milk silk, dairy milk fruit n nut, dairy milk crackle, 2 kit kat, lotte choco pie, 2 props, wooden tray and card



₹1,570.00 



 







 

photo mug with chocolates - personalized alphabet letter photo mug, ferrero rocher 4 pcs, cadbury celebrations and personalized card




                    ₹1,295.00                


regular price:

                    ₹1,470.00                




 






 

passionate gesture - 5 purple orchids, 7 red roses, 8 pink carnations in basket and card



₹1,425.00 



 






 

praiseworthy - bouquet 12 mix roses + 1/2 kg black forest cake + teddy 6 inch+ card



₹2,085.00 



 

 
 


personalized gifts







































gifts for memories










































customer reviewsview all




5 out of 5 
i know i gave you short notice but you all at gujarat gifts are so awesome that you made possible what seemed to be very difficult to me. you all rock :)...
 - kalpita joshi ji






5 out of 5 
very satisfied with kind of service. i was surprised with very quick delivery and a acknowledgement from you, about flowers were delivered. i will recommend to everyone else.
 - dipen patel ji






5 out of 5 
thank you gujaratgifts.com for delivering my order in timely manner. the flowers, i ordered were fresh and nicely wrapped. keep up the great service !!
 - priyanka solanki ji




welcome to gujarat gifts – the premier portal to send gifts to india online since 1998

gifts are the wonderful medium through which anyone can revive and enrich 
relationships, and spread happiness and positivity. all of us love to receive 
gifts, as they make us feel special and remembered. irrespective of the gift 
being expensive or cheap; a sudden surprise, with some well chosen words, can 
brighten someone up for months.

however, sending a gift to someone is a task which is easier said than done. we 
all lead busy lives, and keeping track of occasions like birthday or anniversary 
is difficult. in addition, thinking of a gift which the other person will truly 
like, needs careful thought. finally, choosing a reliable service to send gifts 
to india is no easy feat either.

gujaratgifts.com, now in its 24th year of service, is happy and honored to help 
you spread happiness with gifts, all at the click of the mouse. though we 
started with gift delivery in gujarat initially, we have been delivering efficiently 
all over india since the past two decades. we have service in 2500+ cities across 
india, for 10,000+ gift items. we are considered one of the best site to send 
gifts to india by many of our valued patrons.

we are one of the very few online gifting companies which send a complimentary 
greeting card with your message, and are highly rated & trusted by customers due 
to our focus on quality services with a personal touch.

how to send online gifts to india with in-time delivery? a quick guide
if you are short on time, the below guide should help you pick the gift which 
can be sent within the desired timeline. you may also order in advance, and 
specify a later delivery date. 


type of gift
best sellers
suggested 
										combos
delivery 
										timelines


flowers
roses bouquets, rose baskets, 
										gerberas, carnations, orchids 
12 roses with half kg cake, 12 roses 
										with cake & ferrero rocher, 12 gerberas 
										with cake, teddy and celebrations
all over india in 3-4 hours. cut off 
										for placing order : 4:00 pm ist 


cakes
black forest cake, chocolate cake, kit kat cake
black forest cake with rose bouquet, chocolate cake with gerberas in basket, kit kat cake with 20 mix roses 
all over india in 3-4 hours. cut off for placing order : 4:00 pm ist


sweets, dryfruit, chocolates
kaju katli, kaju mix, assorted dry fruits,  ferrero rocher, celebrations, dairy milk, soan papdi
kaju katli with assorted dry fruits, ferrero rocher with assorted dry fruits, kaju katli with celebrations
all over india. same day delivery available for flower combos. rest all delivered by courier in 1-3 working days


personalized gifts
mugs, cushion, pens, magic mugs, keychains
personalized mug with cushion, magic mug with chocolates, mug with teddy
delivered by courier all over india in 1-3 working days


we can also deliver flowers & cakes on sundays. however, for such deliveries, we request you to place order atleast 1 day in advance.

choosing the best birthday gifts for your loved ones in india
a birthday is an occasion which build anticipation for the person, as well as 
their loved ones. though many of us pretend that we don’t really care for our 
birthday, we secretly wait for that phone call, or the ring of the doorbell 
which marks the arrival of a birthday gift. 

birthdays are all the more special when one lives at a distance from our loved 
ones. we cannot hug each other in person; but we can surely bridge the gap with 
a emotion-laden gift by sending 
birthday 
gifts to india. if you are feeling stumped with what gift to choose, fear 
not – we bring our handy guide to make this a breeze! 


relationship
personality
recommendation
budget


mom
traditional
flowers, cakes, sugar free sweets, sarees, silver items
medium to high


 
trendy
personalized gifts, home décor, plants
low to medium


 
office goer
personalized mug, handbag, cosmetics
medium


dad
traditional
flowers, cakes, dryfruits
medium


 
travel enthusiast
personalized sipper, bags, perfumes 
low to medium


 
trendy
watch, sunglasses, personalized t-shirt
low to high


wife / girlfriend
all
flowers, cakes, chocolates, personalized gifts, home appliances
medium to high


husband / boyfriend
all
flowers, fruits, cakes, chocolates, dryfruits, personalized gifts, personal care
medium to high


brother / sister
all
cakes, chocolate, sweets, dryfruits, personalized gifts, plants
low to medium



how to send gifts to india from usa, uk, australia, canada etc? 
some tips for ordering

people living abroad in countries like usa, uk, australia, canada, singapore etc 
sometimes miss the fun and joy of celebrations back home. however, our gift 
service does come to the rescue for occasions small or big. we would like to 
share some useful tips for those looking to order from abroad

a) brands : many nris are expected to carry certain brands of perfumes and 
chocolates while coming to india. however, in recent times popular brands like 
godiva, lindt and more are available here as well. choosing to include such 
brands in your gifts will give a personalized touch to your gift, as if you had 
sent it personally, and will be well appreciated.

b) payment : sometimes nris face issues while making payment across the border. 
if you face payment issues, you have a few options : a) you can call your bank 
to tell them to allow the transaction (common scenario) b) use an alternate 
credit card which is internationally valid c) use an india issued credit card or 
netbanking or d) use our paypal option.

c) timezone : if you are ordering from us or canada, we do suggest to keep the 
timezone difference of half a day in mind. if you are 
unsure of the exact address, recipient availability or location, please do share an alternate contact number in case we need to connect with you 
around the delivery time, and are unable to reach you.

for customers from uk, australia, singapore etc, the time difference with india 
allows us to connect with you much faster, and we will proactively coordinate in 
case of help needed.

d) alternate instructions : please always provide complete address, and more 
than one mobile number for recipient, if available. in case you are unsure of 
recipient availability, please mention in notes that we should deliver to 
neighbor, in case your recipient is not at home.

e) local holidays : please do keep a margin of an extra day for delivering 
gifts. if gifts are last minute, please do keep a tab on local holidays or 
events in your delivery city, which may impact delivery. in case of any doubts, 
please feel free to reach out to us on phone or email.

 
sending appropriate wedding & anniversary gifts to india online – some tips

if you are looking to send a wedding or anniversary gift to another couple, we 
have just the range for you. if you want to send cheap 
anniversary gifts to 
india, you can choose from the thousands of personalized gifts that are on 
offer. if you are looking to send an expensive gift, you can choose from a watch 
pair, apparels, or even diamond and silver items.

if the gift is for your beloved, you must consider it far more carefully – there 
is no room for error here! if it’s a new relationship, do speak to his or her 
friends and relatives to figure out what gift would work well. some people love 
simple flowers or candies, while others need something elaborate, which causes a 
splash. if it’s a milestone anniversary (5th, 10th, golden, silver, diamond 
anniversary etc), you can also pick a number cake along with other items to make 
it even more special.

personalized gifts to make memories

are you looking for a gift that is cheap, yet will be remembered for years to 
come? look no further than our range of 
personalized gifts. popular items 
include photo mugs, cushions, led cushions, personalized engraved pens, photo 
frames, keychains and more. 
you can express your love and expressions by printing your photos and message on 
these keepsake gifts. we have available several personalized gifts which can 
display 6-8 images, in addition to your message. selecting from one of these 
will surely be a fun task for you, and a cherished memory for your loved one.

send flowers & cakes online

flowers are an evergreen (pun intended!) gift option which are sure to please, 
and fit every budget. at gujaratgifts.com we offer flowers like roses, 
carnations, orchids, lilites, gerberas and lots more in bouquet, basket and 
elegant hampers. fresh flowers not only bring cheer, they serve as elegant décor 
items in any room or area. the beautiful frangrance is an added bonus. we 
deliver fresh flowers in 250+ cities all over india with delivery in few hours. 
each flower bouquet, basket or hamper is paired with a free greeting card to 
convey your emotions perfectly.

cakes are a mandatory gift for all occasions – be it birthdays, anniversaries, 
wedding, promotion or retirement. no one can resist the scrumptious allure of a 
delicious cake. we deliver scrumptious cakes to 250+ cities in india in a wide 
variety of flavors like black forest, chocolate, strawberry, butterscotch and 
more. speciality cakes include photo cakes, kit kat and ferrero cakes, and even 
doll and cartoon cakes for the young ones. you may also choose from our eggless 
and 100% vegetarian cake options. we even offer pastries and donuts in case you 
want to try something different.we also offer a huge range of combos 
featuring 

flowers with cake which can be sent online at the click of the mouse. we 
also offer convenient combos of flowers with sweets, chocolates, dryfruits and 
more to make the task of choosing easier for you.

how to send gifts with express / same day delivery in india?

having served our customers since 1998, we well understand that we forget 
birthdays and other occasions till the nth minute, and are reminded only when we 
get alert via social media. to prevent an embarassing situation, gujarat gifts 
offers our highly efficient express & 
same day gifts 
delivery in india.

flowers, cakes and their combos are hand delivered in 250+ cities across india 
via a network of our associates. hence we are able to deliver express gifts to 
india within a few hours when necessary. to send same day delivery gifts, please 
do keep the following tips in mind:

a) while placing such orders, choose gifts from the “same day” category to 
ensure timely delivery.

b) do check that the product page has the message “same day delivery available” 
to ensure you don’t order a non express product by error.

c) in case delivery is to some remote / non metro area, do place the order with 
a few additional hour margins. delivery to major metros like mumbai, delhi, 
ahmedabad, baroda, bangalore etc can be done much faster.

d) if delivery area is at city limits / outskirts, do mention this in 
notes during checkout, so our team can prioritize appropriately.

e) do mention full and detailed address (with landmarks) along with a 
functioning mobile number, so that our team can coordinate with the recipient in case you are not accessible on phone.

f) do deliver to an address where someone is available to receive the gift, or 
inform our team of availability.
g) if the delivery address is an office, please mention it clearly, so that delivery 
can be attempted on priority.

keeping these simple tips in mind will go a long way in smooth and efficient 
deliery of your same day gift, and help us serve you to the best of our 
abilities.

 
why choose gujaratgifts.com for sending online gifts?

our efficient services, glowing customer reviews, and a wide range of 
attractively priced options make us the inevitable choice for sending gifts. 
however, here are some usps to help you choose, if you are still undecided:

a) 23+ years of experience in sending gifts online.

b) same day / express hand delivery available at 249+ cities all over india.

c) all other gifts delivered via blue dart / maruti courier / indian post to 
2500+ pin codes across india. 

d) free greeting card with your message.

e) 10,000+ gift options, starting at just a few hundred rupees.

f) rated “excellent” on review sites with a 4.6 / 5 rating, in addition to 
some amazing customer feedback.

g). personalized and human support instead of automated ticket systems. support 
available in 3 languages (english / hindi / gujarati). quick response to emails 
within business hours.

h) focus on good quality, excellent service, and competitive prices.


i) accepting all major credit cards (both international and indian), along 
with 35+ netbanking options, debit cards and more. you can pay with peace of 
mind, knowing that transactions are processed on a 128 bit ssl encrypted payment 
gateway. 

j) 100,000+ smiles delivered since 1998.

you can read 
 about us or browse some of our  customer testimonials. 
if you are a first time buyer,  do read this 
guide here. you can also browse our  privacy 
&  security policies. we remain committed to 
helping you out to the best of our ability. in case of any queries or issues, 
please feel free to contact us at our  customer 
support helpdesk - rest assured, we will do our best to ensure your 
satisfaction!

happy gifting!
all product names, logos and brands are the property of their 
respective owners. 









more than
2500+
cities covered all over india



choose from
10,000+
gift items



served
100,000+
 customer since 1998














 
 
 





 

customer information


contact us
need help? / first time buyer?
payment options
delivery locations
why us?
customer testimonials
track your order
feedback
frequently asked questions (faqs)







about gujarat gifts


we have served 100,000+ customers since 1998 to send gifts to 2500+ cities all over india. we offer a 

free 

greeting card with over 10,000 gifts.
read more






why choose us?


1
100,000+ patrons served, over 23+ years


2
free greeting card with 10,000+ gifts


3
same day delivery, secure payments






get in touch



emailinfo@gujaratgifts.com



phone 079 4900 1030




  
 
 





 


interesting information


flowers & astrology
meaning of flowers
chocolates by zodiac 

signs
cakes by personality
information about gujarat







policies


refund policy
security policy
privacy policy
shipping & delivery policy
terms & conditions







my acount


log in
register
my order
forgot 

password








others


become a vendor
blog / news & pr
festivals of india
discount coupon
sitemap





  
 
 






© 1998-2025 gujarat gifts


 
 
 


 
 
 




 






