 

the bilge pumps - a pirate music group for your inner buccaneer

























band


 home
 ships list       who are the bilge pumps?
 nautical news       read the latest band news
 press & promotional       promo blurbs, pics, & more
 contact us       reach out and touch a pirate








music & booty


 treasure island       buy official merchandise
 pirate music box       buy digital music downloads
 pirate picture box       official band videos
 songs of the sea       lyrics to our songs








voyages


 scheduled voyages       our upcoming appearances
 past landings       read about our past gigs
 friendly ports       bilge-recommended links








scuttlebutt


 mailing list       sign up and get a free song!
 buccaneers blog       random thoughts from the band











account
                


 sign in       log in or create your account
 ibidis mortem account       view/edit your account
 view shopping cart       view/edit your shopping cart












0














the bilge pumps are a pirate music group based in the dallas/ft, worth area who specialize  in performances that combine sea songs, shanties, and celtic music with a huge dose of silly comedy.
you're the pirate headin' out to see, and we have the music ye be needin' to fly your roger and revel in the free life.
welcome aboard! let's find what ye need.
          

















join our mailing list and get the latest news, plus a free song for signing up!










feb 032025


              our stage schedule for the medieval fair of norman is now up on our scheduled voyages page.
read more






jan 152025


              tickets for the pirates on the prairie xii concert this feb 22nd are now available for purchase on our treasure island page!
read more






oct 312024


              our showtimes for the okc renaissance and scots festival and dickens on the strand are now posted on our scheduled voyages page.
read more






oct 112024


              our schedule for dickens on the strand is now up on our scheduled voyages page.
read more






may 202024


              our showtimes for next month's rentopia renaissance faire are up on our past landings page.
read more






may 082024


              pictures and video from our 2024 shows (so far) are now up on our past landings 2024 page.
read more




view all news updates




 







pirates on the prairie xiigrand prairie, tx
feb22



medieval fair of normannorman, ok
apr4-6



view all scheduled voyages











"slay ride"



 
 



100%






current state: released 12/6/23



        for booking information contact craig lutke at:  214-415-9563 or by e-mail at


















copyright © ibidis mortem productions




 










listen to some clips of tracks from our album
greatest hits vol. viii
released january 15, 2001


buy cd  

buy on mp3  











18
intro skit - the derelict
 





20
son of a gambolier
 





24
beggarman
 





32
itches in me britches (blues)
 


pirate music box | treasure island











view the official music videos of the band as well as captured footage of the bilge pumps in action









 
x






pirates on the prairie xii is only 3 days away!

      this concert, starring the bilge pumps and a mirage dance company, will take place on february 22 and promises to be one of the best pirate music concerts in memory!

      tickets are available now for purchase on our treasure island page.


      get all of the information about the concert, including the latest news, lobby entertainment, and even looks at past concerts on the official concert page.

      you can also invite yourself and your friends to the show on the official facebook event page.














          | home  |  ships list  |  nautical news  |  press & promo  | songs of the sea |  treasure island  |  pirate music box |  pirate picture box  |
          
          | scheduled voyages | past landings  |  friendly ports  |   buccaneers blog  | guestbook  |  mailing list  |
          









