







hospice & home health accreditation services | chap

























































 


accreditation & licensure

home health
hospice
home care
palliative care
hme / dme
home infusion therapy
pharmacy
high-acuity care
age-friendly care
pediatric care certification


services

career certification
disease program certification
dementia disease program certification
chap certified consultants
growth solutions
chap verified


education

education
education login
healthcare leadership certification workshop


resources

chapcast
change of ownership (chow)
complaint investigations
compliance + interpretive guidance
readiness resources
hospice program integrity compendium


contact



find a provider
chaplinq
make a payment
 



accreditation
disease certification program
career certification
growth solutions
apply for career
 



            get started        



toggle menu




make lives better

accreditation. education. certification
celebrating 60 years of high-quality care. 
start application

 
 
standards for growing providers
chap provides the training, certification, and accreditation tools you’ll need to deliver the highest quality care. accreditation provides the standards you need. education and certification programs help ensure your standards are delivered day after day.



organizations


accreditation
 
chap accreditation is a gateway to building a strong relationship with payors while chap standards ensure quality and ongoing compliance. the chap seal has been a symbol of trust and quality to consumers for over 55 years.
learn more


disease program certification
 
a chap certified disease program proves you have a consistent, well-executed framework of care that can lead to reduced hospital readmissions, higher patient satisfaction, and increased public quality ratings. all this leads to new opportunities to increase your organization’s census and growth, while simultaneously reducing employee turnover and increasing engagement.
learn more


growth solutions
 
chap growth solutions consultatively transforms the complexity of the healthcare-at-home industry into opportunities for growth. the team of multidisciplinary experts works alongside you to develop a scalable plan to boost admissions and revenue through strategic solutions tailored to your market, referral sources, and agency needs.
learn more

individuals


career certification
 
career certifications strengthen sales and operations performance and add credibility to your value proposition that helps you grow. the certifications are designed to help organizations build leadership fundamentals, execute continuous quality improvement techniques and systems, as well as manage and design tactics to improve safety, satisfaction, and outcomes.
learn more



 
solely focused on care in the home
chap is solely focused on care and services in the home. every standard and process you will encounter is designed specifically for organizations like you, not inpatient care. the needs of your organization change as you grow. from opening your doors and achieving medicare certification to building an infrastructure to support a larger team that keeps expanding – you need a partner that grows and adapts to your needs.

 
we accredit thousands of providers across seven specialties:
home healthhospicehome carepalliative carehme/dmehome infusion therapypharmacy

 
better standards are closer than you think
chap’s patient-centered, partner-focused philosophy completely changes the dynamic of accreditation and creates an environment of learning and improvement. chap standards are non-prescriptive. the recognition that not every provider and community is the same sets chap apart, enabling your mission and vision to drive the delivery of care. 
at the same time, performance-improving training for community-based care is often challenging, inconsistent, and expensive. chap has convenient, cost-effective solutions to make everything from orientation, career ladders, and succession planning; seamless.

 

 
serving beyond accreditation

the combination of our common sense standards, accessibility, and education are crucial to providers like you to navigate the road ahead.

common sense standards
non-prescriptive standards that enable you to use your strengths, instead of giving you more hurdles, help you succeed. our standards start from patient care – not policies and procedures. we don’t dictate the way you provide care, our standards create the framework for you to build the operations to support the care you want to deliver.

timeliness & strategy
startups and expansions have many financial hurdles outside of accreditation before you can bill for a single patient. that’s why we prioritize initial surveys to meet your needs timely. for providers at scale, we use a collaborative strategic survey plan infusing account management, technology, and reporting to meet the needs of industry-leading providers.

access to experts
accreditation specialist: delivers timely and responsive customer support to organizations seeking initial and continuing accreditation. responsible for specific states, they assist organizations through the accreditation process from start to finish.director of accreditation: masters-level clinicians, with decades of experience, that manage a blend of federal/state regulations and the accreditation process to ensure consistent application of accreditation and standards, and the satisfaction of accredited organizations.

performance improving certifications
just as we use standards to empower agencies to deliver patient-centered care, the chap center for excellence uses a consistent framework to educate, train, and certify people. our learning hub empowers you and your team to achieve the highest quality care, run the most efficient businesses, and grow your organization.


start applicationschedule a consultation

 
 




customer performance indicators
your cpis are our kpis. we measure our success by giving our partners an experience that enables them to achieve the desired and expected outcome that they value. clinical quality, operational effectiveness, and growth for our partners, guides every decision we make about how we serve you.


quality500+crucial updatesa collection of blogs/podcasts/news – etc: keeping you up to date and ahead of the curve122% increase from 2023operations413*4+ star agencieschap-accredited home health agencies achieve 4+ stars, 5.1% more than non-chap-accredited agenciesgrowth722,760*patients treatednumber of patients treated at chap-accredited home health or hospice agency between 2022 q3 and 2023 q23.84% increase from 2023quality85.2%*hospice agencies of chap-accredited hospice agencies have an hci at or above 83.2% increase from 2023operations71verified productstools and resources that improve the delivery of high-quality care87% increase from 2023growth275certified consultantsthat have passed chap’s competency requirements107% increase from 2023

 “chap standards align with medicare conditions of participation and regulatory framework to support compassus at the enterprise level, the community level and for every clinician with confidence that care delivery is meeting the highest standards. the chap standards framework provides guidance through documentation, policies, and the format of delivering care. compassus has been tracking our survey outcomes over the past five years, providing health care system partners with demonstrable evidence of survey outcomes and assurance that improvement occurs when needed. we utilize the standards to go beyond compliance and target ways to improve quality and care delivery.”– jennifer hale msn, rn, chpn, cphq, vp clinical quality, compassus“our growth through startups has been one of our strongest strategies.  opening several locations each year requires a solid plan and partners to help you succeed.  step one is finding the right people to run our organization.  step two is ensuring our culture and the care we provide is the top priority.  step three is investing and committing to our greatest asset – our people – through education and advancement opportunities.  we do a lot of startups; chap is our partner, helping us open doors quickly and deficiency-free.  with a responsive and timely startup plan, chap helps us succeed.”– anne nisley, vice president of clinical operations, suncrest care“through complex partnerships and organic growth, our partnership has helped us realize opportunities for innovation and growth because of flexible, non-hospitalized standards.  being a multi-state, multi-specialty provider, you truly understand the benefit of chap.  we established our hospice decision usign chap standards as a playbook to build our business line.  using the education resources to keep your team current and proficient has been crucial.”– bayada home health care“when looking for an agency for accreditation, i was looking for a partner in education that will help us deliver the best practice care as well as provide a strong foundation for growth. after this last site visit, i believe we made the right decision with chap.”kelly smith, bsn, rn, owner, nestcare
 

start application




schedule a consultation









company
about
employment
contact
articles & news
 


partners
faqs
find a provider
chaplinq
make a payment
 


follow
linkedin
youtube
facebook
twitter
 









2300 clarendon blvd suite 405
arlington, va 22201


202.862.3413









© copyright 2025 all rights reserved. chap is an independent, non-profit,
                    accrediting body for home and community-based healthcare organizations. we offer
                    career certification,
                    disease program
                        certification, and
                    chap certified consultants. in
                    addition,
                    home health accreditation and
                    home care accreditation
                    are important areas of service.
                




















