











home - eustis fl
























































opens in new tab or window 






fdot road project on sr 19

construction continues locally on bay and grove streets. motorist should expect continued lane closures as well as traffic delays. for complete information on current expected closures and detours, visit the link below.
fdot road project updates



georgefest parade road closures

the city of eustis and the florida department of transportation (fdot) have worked together to adjust the construction schedule for the ongoing improvements on state road (s.r.) 19 during georgefest.
georgefest parade road closure updates







skip to main content










					eustis fl - home - logo
					



open search



menu








residents

sub-menu

upcoming eventseustis 123rd annual georgefestevent vendors & informationeustis memorial libraryparks & recreationsub-menu

eustis aquatic centercity parksyouth programs & classesadult programs & classescity facility rentalsonline registration portalhistoric downtown districtmy neighborhoodtrash and recyclingcode of ordinanceslocal servicessustainabilitysub-menu

eustis in bloomabout / historyclifford house museumseeclickfix

government
sub-menu

apply for a city jobdepartmentscity commissioncity commission meetings: agendas, minutes, videos & live streamingcity commission public noticesboards & committeescity projectscity clerkcity managercommunity redevelopment agency (cra)emergency operationsfinancial informationcity attorney

business
sub-menu

start a new business in eustissub-menu

apply for a btrgetting a permitsubmit a development applicationopen solicitationsbusiness incentivescode of ordinances

services
sub-menu

apply for a jobsetting up auto pay (utility bills)business tax receipt (btr)development applicationguide to getting a permitleak adjustment requestpay utility billpublic records requestsstart new utility service - residentialstart new utility service - commercialtree removal permit applicationvoluntary annexation, comp plan & design distr. amend. applicationyard sale permit








search











home



utility customer service




apply or search for permits




apply for job




business tax receipt




commission meetings




public safety




public records requests




library




trash & recycling




parks & recreation




seeclickfix - report an issue




city projects


latest news









fdot road project updates
published on february 14, 2025
the florida department of transportation (fdot) is continuing safety and operational enhancements on state road (s.r.) 19, from north of stevens avenue to county road 452 in eustis. beginning on october 20, there will be overnight intersection closure closures along both southbound and northbound s.r. 19.









2025 annual georgefest parade traffic pattern
published on february 13, 2025
on saturday, february 22, 2025, the 123rd annual georgefest parade will be taking place in the city of eustis. to accomplish this, state road 19 (bay street) in eustis will be closed from county road 44 to herrick avenue from 9 a.m. to noon. drivers are encouraged to plan alternate routes and expect delays in the area.









10th annual the running of the georges 5k
published on february 08, 2025
the 10th annual running of the georges 5k and kids fun run kicked off the festivities of georgefest 2025 in grand style this morning in ferran park. the event, which attracted runners and families from all over the region, was a perfect way to start the celebration of george washington’s birthday.









eustis fire department celebrates eustis elementary school
published on february 06, 2025
the eustis fire department’s station 22 team paid a special visit to eustis elementary school today, where they treated a preschool class to a pizza party as a heartfelt thank-you for their support during the department's recent food drive. chief swanson and the fire team expressed their appreciation to the young students for their kindness, dedication, and generous donations that helped make the



view more news
events









15
feb
2025
african american heritage parade and festival
february 15, 2025
the eustis african-american heritage celebration committee is proud to announce the 31st annual african american heritage parade and festival. the parade will begin on prescott street on saturday, feb. 15 at 10 a.m. followed by the festival in the eustis high cartwright center grounds.










15
feb
2025
123rd annual georgefest
february 15, 2025
happy birthday george! the city of eustis will celebrate george washington’s birthday during a week long, family-friendly event taking place february 15-22, 2025.









18
feb
2025
plants for the shade
february 18, 2025
when cultivating plants in shaded areas, it's essential for gardeners to not only focus on the specific plants themselves but also to understand the type of shade present.









20
feb
2025
regular commission meeting
february 20, 2025
eustis commission meetings take place at city hall commission chambers.



view more events
elected officials










willie hawkins
mayor











gary ashcraft
vice mayor











michael holland
commissioner











george asbate
commissioner











emily     lee
commissioner








back to top








contact us
city of eustis
p.o. drawer 68
10 n. grove street
eustis, fl 32726
main: 352-589-4040
find us / map

city services
 
public notices for city commission


newsletters


city directory


budget report for fy 2020-2024


water conservation


water quality report


website feedback



browse
 
eustis area chamber of commerce


local services


city departments' social media


accessibility


job opportunities



share & connect
 

facebook




instagram




youtube




 








privacy | social media policy | employee portal | employee mail



                                    © 2025 eustis fl | powered by granicus














