



o'reilly media - technology and business training






































skip to main content












sign in
try now
o’reilly platform




teams

for business
for government
for higher ed


individuals
features

all features
courses
certifications
interactive learning
live events
answers
insights reporting


plans
blog
content sponsorship

close
search















        happy lunar new year. view card











give your teams the skills they need
our learning platform and ai academy help teams learn the tools and technologies that drive business outcomes. we can help yours too. click on a feature below to explore.

request a demo
try it free






trusted content



live online events



courses



interactive learning



certification prep



o’reilly answers



ai academy



assignments



insights dashboard






trusted content you can count on
more than 60k titles from o’reilly and nearly 200 publishing partners including harvard business review, pearson, and more. plus over 30k hours of video, early release books, expert-created playlists, and more.







live events and training courses
your teams can take live training courses and attend virtual tech events with some of today’s most renowned experts, and ask questions along the way.







on-demand courses
your teams get self-paced learning in all the tech and business topics they need, including cloud computing, software architecture, infrastructure and ops, programming languages, ai and ml, security, critical thinking, and more.







labs and sandboxes
get your teams up to speed faster with interactive labs and sandboxes. our expert-guided and unstructured live coding environments let them safely practice with the most in-demand technologies and cloud platforms right in their browser—no setup needed.







certification prep
your teams get direct paths to the official prep materials plus practice tests for the most sought-after technical certifications in the industry.







generative ai responses from unrivaled content
powered by ai, o’reilly answers instantly delivers trusted information sourced from thousands of top-tier titles, courses, and videos on our platform.









help your entire org put genai to work
every employee today needs to learn how to prompt genai, use it to enhance critical thinking and productivity, and more. with the ai academy they can. for less. available to team and enterprise customers only.









assignments and curriculum curation
you can save, organize, and assign content from books and chapters, courses, labs, live online events, and more—and track each learner’s progress. or create playlists of key content to build a curriculum to share with your teams or organization. available to team and enterprise customers only.







insights dashboard
understand more than just what your team members are viewing—know how they’re learning. then compare their usage to competitors in your industry. available to team and enterprise customers only.













get in on the ai-generated conversation
we’ve turned five o’reilly titles into ai-generated podcasts, designed to make learning even more engaging. here’s how we did it.













play
pause


0:00
/
0:00








audio on
audio muted




speed:

0.5x
1x
1.5x
2x






ai audio summary
facilitating software architecture






ai audio summary
prompt engineering for llms






ai audio summary
machine learning production systems






ai audio summary
cloud native go, 2nd edition






ai audio summary
the developer's playbook for large language model security









o’reilly ai-powered answers just got even smarter
o’reilly answers instantly generates information teams can trust, sourced from thousands of titles on our learning platform.
discover answers






more than 5,000 organizations count on o’reilly

















o’reilly experts

we share the knowledge of innovators. you put it to work.
tech teams love tapping into the minds of innovators through our expert-led courses, renowned text-based content, and bite-size online superstream tech conferences. in fact, in a recent survey, one-third of tech practitioners rated o’reilly content a five out of five (excellent)—better than pluralsight, linkedin learning, udacity, or skillsoft.







arianne dee
software developer




sari greene
cybersecurity practitioner




bruno gonçalves
senior data scientist




neal ford
software architect




kelsey hightower
software engineer




ken kousen
java champion































 

hear why jose is on o’reilly every day
jose, a principal software engineer, trusts our learning platform to filter what his teams need to know to stay ahead.


see why addison loves our learning platform
addison always appreciated o’reilly books, but the learning platform helped take her skills to the next level.


amir trusts o’reilly to find the answers he needs. see why.
for over eight years amir has counted on our learning platform whether he needs proven methods to learn new technologies or the latest management tips.


mark’s been an o’reilly member for 13 years. see why.
mark credits the o’reilly learning platform with helping him to stay ahead at every turn throughout his tech career.

see more testimonials








see how o’reilly can help your tech teams stay ahead

request a  demo
try it free
























about o’reilly

teach/write/train
careers
o’reilly news
media coverage
community partners
affiliate program
submit an rfp
diversity
o’reilly for marketers





support

contact us
newsletters
privacy policy
ai policy

linkedin-logo
youtube-logo


international

australia & new zealand
hong kong & taiwan
india
indonesia
japan





download the o’reilly app
take o’reilly with you and learn anywhere, anytime on your phone and tablet.






watch on your big screen
view all o’reilly videos, superstream events, and meet the expert sessions on your home tv.






do not sell or share my personal information






© 2025, o’reilly media, inc.  all trademarks and registered trademarks appearing on oreilly.com are the property of their respective owners.
terms of service • privacy policy • editorial independence • modern slavery act statement






