








































bacb - behavior analyst certification board























































































menu









my account
about

about the bacb

leadership
data
subject matter experts
working at the bacb


behavior analysis
international development & support


credentials

rbt
bcaba
bcba

bcba-d


suggestions for change


public resources

consumer resources
employer resources
for regulators
u.s. licensure of behavior analysts
university faculty resources


 





ethics

ethics codes
ethics resources
reporting to the bacb
responding to requests
disciplinary actions


news & more

recent & upcoming changes
newsletters
bacb blog
inside the bacb podcast
bacb videos
bacb resources
application processing updates


contact us
 








 

 


the rbt certification application process has been updated as of 1/2/2025. review the updates today.


    download pdf >>





skip to content





verify a certificantfind a certificant
high school levelrbtregistered behavior technician® (rbt®) a paraprofessional in behavior analysis who practices under the close, ongoing supervision of a bcba, bcaba, or fl-cba.rbt handbook about rbt bachelor's levelbcababoard certified assistant behavior analyst® (bcaba®) an undergraduate-level professional in behavior analysis who practices under the supervision of a bcba or fl-cba.bcaba handbook about bcaba graduate levelbcbaboard certified behavior analyst® (bcba®) a graduate-level professional in behavior analysis who is able to practice independently and provide supervision for bcabas and rbts.bcba handbook bcba-d about bcba 


recent newsnew us employment demand report available!the us employment demand for behavior analysts: 2010–2024 report is available! this in-depth analysis highlights over a decade of data on the demand for bcbas and bcabas across the us. explore the latest trends and insights—read the full report now!2025 bacb board of directors election resultswe are pleased to announce the results of our recent board of directors election: anita li, bcba-d and nicole sorensen, bcba were elected to serve three-year terms on the board. we offer our congratulations to the newly elected directors and extend our gratitude to all of the candidates for running. thank you to all of the certificants who participated in this important election.

we also wish to congratulate and thank breanne hartley, bcba-d who was appointed by the board to serve a second term.
the 2025 michael hemingway behavior analysis awardeach year, the bacb honors an individual with the michael hemingway behavior analysis award to commemorate the life and contributions of michael hemingway, who played a central role in the development of behavior analyst certification in florida before serving as a founding member of the bacb board of directors. michael’s commitments to the profession of applied behavior analysis and to increasing access to services are reflected in the behavior of the individual who receives the award named after him.



we are pleased to announce that the 2025 recipient of the michael hemingway behavior analysis award is margaret “misty” bloom, esq. misty has been an integral part of the bacb’s history, first as external legal counsel starting in 1998 and later as a full-time staff member from 2008 to 2024. her contributions have been pivotal in shaping the bacb’s organizational infrastructure, particularly its legal, accreditation, and ethics systems. misty played a leading role in the development and evolution of the bacb’s ethics standards, including overseeing the development of the first fully enforceable ethics code and establishing the system for processing ethics complaints. when behavior analyst licensure activity gained momentum in the late 2000s, misty provided input on dozens of licensure bills based on her prior expertise in the integration of professional certification and state licensure. once state regulators were appointed to implement these new laws, she provided ongoing support to them through consultation, education on regulatory law developments, and the creation of various resources. misty’s activity in the area of behavior analyst licensure was instrumental in helping to produce a relatively unified licensure landscape with good interstate mobility for practitioners. misty bloom’s remarkable career at the bacb has left an enduring legacy that continues to benefit our profession. thank you, misty!rbt supervision structure bloghave questions about supervision structures for rbts? wondering if an rbt requirements coordinator is right for your organization? check out our latest blog post, "when to establish an rbt requirements coordinator structure." we break down the different rbt-supervisor models to help you choose the best fit.

    read more news and updates


newsletters
view the latest newsletters
join the newsletter email list
















abai accreditation and vcsaccommodationsaccreditationace providersannual data reportsappeals policy & proceduresapplication processing updatescertificant datadisciplinary actionsexamination informationfl-cbaintellectual property guidelinesinternational developmentlicensure/regulationmass email serviceprivacy policypublic statement policiesreport an outageresourcesself-reporting requirementssubject matter expertssupervision and trainingtask liststerms of usetest centerswa biometric data privacy policyweb accessibility statement 
 7950 shaffer parkway
littleton, co 80127, usa
contact us









my account

 









copyright ⓒ all rights reserved. 2025, bacb® | sitemap | terms of use | privacy policy











