









your favorite music blog - bohemianopera


















































artists
instruments
music
musical styles
playlists
 


select page


  
 



 



 











your favorite music blog
you will find on this blog a lot of articles about music.
 
read our articles



 



 
 
 






weekly classes
to learn on a regular basis and to become a true artist!

 
 
 




monthly classes
to learn to play an instrument quietly in order to have fun and enjoy.

 
 
 




special classes
private lessons to learn very quickly and become talented in a short time.

 
 
 
 
 





 

about us
we are passionate about music. we play piano, guitar, violin and many other instruments. we like a lot of musical styles, and can propose you several playlists according to your tastes.
 
 
 

 



 
 





piano lessons
the piano is the most common instrument in music, so learning to play it is a real opportunity.

 
 
 




guitar lessons
the guitar is the easiest instrument to learn, it is an accessible and quick instrument to learn.

 
 
 




cello lessons
the cello is an instrument full of grace and poetry, it is beautiful visually and to the ear.

 
 
 
 
 



our articles
 




 
how to find a personalized musical accompaniment?
nov 12, 2021 | instruments, musicthe general benefits of music are well known. everyone knows that unique feeling of listening to a song that brings back sweet memories. who hasn't enjoyed the soothing effect of a specific song after a hard day? so it's only natural that you'd want to finally take...

 

 
the benefits of listening to music: a complete guide
apr 26, 2021 | musicmusic has many positive effects on the human mind and body. in older times, music was played as a form of therapy or medicine. many doctors believed that it was the cure to several diseases. although it may sound funny, music does have a lot to do with our health....

 

 
the different types of musical genres to enjoy: a guide
apr 26, 2021 | musicif you are looking to try some new music out, you can! there are several genres of music out there, and you can always change up your style. if you would like to know the different kinds of genres to jam to, keep reading to find out all about them!  top music...

 

 
the best instruments for you to learn right now: a guide
apr 26, 2021 | instrumentsthanks to covid-19, everyone is stuck at home with loads of free time on their hands. however, it makes the perfect time to learn a new hobby or work on an old one. learning a new instrument is always fun, but it takes effort. if you feel passionate, keep reading to...

 

 
how artists become legendary overtime: a guide
apr 26, 2021 | musicour world has seen several successful artists come and go. the world is full of talent that is waiting to be discovered. if you think you can join the bandwagon, there are a few things you need to make sure of first. artists do not become legendary overnight. it takes...

 

 
how listening to relaxing music can benefit you: a guide
apr 26, 2021 | musiclistening to music can have tremendous benefits on your mind and body than you may think. listening to different genres of music can have various effects on you. music was used as early medicine when people would get sick and wanted to recover. relaxing music can have...

 


 

 
 
 



percussion
 
woodwind
 
string, brass
 
piano
 


 
 
 



contact us
 





nom


adresse e-mail


message




submit



 
 
 
 
  


 
 
 



contact
 
 



  

 
 
 



















