

























endless summer hydrangeas




































































 

 










facebook



instagram



pinterest



twitter



youtube



arrow carousel left



arrow carousel right



play video



outoging




outoging small




border




download



search



close



filters





account



cart



lock










first editions

 




endless summer

 




easy elegance

 




garden gab

 









 

shop hydrangeas
inspiration & resources
help
find a retailer 







find a retailer 



ukenglish (uk)
nlnederlands
frfrancais
dedeutsch






toggle navigation





 











 




the world’s best-selling garden hydrangea.
endless summer® collection the world’s first hydrangea bred to bloom all season long, year after year. there’s no better choice for those with an appreciation for fine outdoor living than endless summer® hydrangeas.
 




 


get inspired bythe collectionsix varieties, each with its own unique colors and characteristics.
browse and click to buy online!
 





















 
 





 



garden gabwhen questions crop up, garden gab has your answer. get valuable tips and answers to common questions or ask your own.
 



                                how do i get rid of bugs that are eating my hydrangea leaves?
                                

if the leaves are curling, it’s probably aphids. you can tackle aphids with drenching the leaves with dish soap and water. if there are holes in the leaves, it could be beetles. pesticides may be effective, but picking them off and dropping them in a pail of soapy water works too. if something is eating just the new leaves, look for signs of slugs. to battle them, pour some beer in a shallow dish and place it in the garden next to the plant.

 


                                how do i know if my plant needs fertilizing?
                                

before you go straight to fertilizing, take a moment to rule out overwatering (damp yellow) or lack of water (crispy or dead). next look at the foliage for signs of disease or insect damage. could there have been a drift from a weed killer that might be distorting the foliage? with those things in mind, check for signs that nutrients are lacking. here’s a helpful guide:

light green foliage and yellowing mature foliage can be a sign that a plant needs nitrogen.
chlorosis (light green leaves with dark green veins) can be a signal that a plant needs potassium.
if older leaves are turning purple at the base and other leaves are dull, dark-green, there could be a deficiency of phosphorous.

if none of these fit the bill or if you’re not sure, a soil test can help answer questions about missing nutrients. as always, ask your local garden center professional for guidance in selecting the best fertilizer for your soil and plants. that’s what they’re there for!

 


                                how far apart should i plant my endless summer® hydrangeas?
                                

spacing your plants depends on the variety and your desired look. if you’d like to create a hedge, plant a bit closer together. and if you like some delineation of lines between the plants, you can add a little breathing room. each variety also has a different size at maturity, so you’ll want to keep that in mind. for example, summer crush® hydrangea matures to 18-36” wide, so you’ll want to plant them roughly 36” on center to give them enough room to breathe. having space for airflow helps prevent any disease occurrence on the leaves.

 


view all questionsorask your own question 


 







sign up for our newsletter 

 






endless summer 

the collection
inspiration & resources
find a retailer


company 

about us
contact us
privacy policy
terms & conditions


social 

connect with us
instagram 
facebook 
threads 
twitter 
tiktok 
pinterest 
youtube 


customers 

media 


 

© 2025 endless summer. all rights reserved. 


online ordering is now open for the 2025 season!  place your pre-orders now! please see our pre-orders page for more details. dismiss
































