











omnitrace - the people search experts - missing people search












































skip to the content




call now for assistance: (888) 965-6696

menu
home
services

people search for legal & business
heir search
lost to follow-up patient search


contact us
 





the people search experts
search for anyone, anywhere





omnitrace, a renowned private investigation agency (lic. 2200304), was founded in 2001 specifically to locate missing people. we currently assist the legal and clinical trial industries as well as the public. services include:

heir search services
lost to follow-up clinical trial patient search
people search services for legal & business



 





services






heir search

search for missing heirs anywhere worldwide.

view more






lost to follow-up patient search

locate patients lost to follow-up anywhere in the world.

view more






people search for legal & business

find anyone anywhere.

view more


 





start your search today
contact us for a free search evaluation 





what our clients are saying






in a landmark decision, the u.s. food and drug administration approved xxxxxx as a first-of-its-kind treatment. this achievement is as much yours as it is ours since we could not have reached this critical milestone without the hard work and contributions of all of our vendor partners. together we attained something that is truly amazing for patients; this represents just the beginning of more remarkable accomplishments that we anticipate moving forward for patients worldwide.




california – sr. director, clinical operations









i seriously want to thank you from the bottom of my heart for search and locating and providing 100% accurate information in less than a month!!!!!! you located 3 both family members and provided info on the 4th who i found in like .3 seconds. you guys are amazing at what you do! i'm so grateful for your kindness and urgency on collecting and providing information to me. thank you again!!!




memphis, tn – legal assistant









i wanted to tell you that you were right on spot…i will use you forever and will recommend you.




torrance, ca – ceo retail property company









i deeply appreciate all the information you found - it was a treasure trove that was incredibly helpful. this entire search experience has been richly rewarding for me, thanks to you! i am almost there in knowing who i am--thank you for all you do.




michele readinger









oh…my…gosh!! after 15 years of searching, information digging, investigating, interviewing, and court record searching (which included use of my police training)…you not only found my biological mother, but also my biological brother. i met them the very next day!!! i cannot thank you enough!!!!




joy e.k.












frequently asked questions



who is omnitrace?

omnitrace is a licensed and bonded private investigative agency (lic. #a2200304) headquartered in palm beach gardens, florida. started in 2001, we have a team of in-house investigators as well as a worldwide network of researchers, detectives and genealogists that have allowed us to become one of the leading providers of “people search” services.
 

what services do you provide?

omnitrace provides a variety of people search services for the legal, banking, insurance, clinical trial and business communities. if you need to find someone, please give us a call.
 

where can i find out more about your services?

please visit our lost heir and lost to follow-up and legal & business pages for more information on our omnitrace corporate services.
 

why should i hire omnitrace?

omnitrace’s highly experienced investigators and genealogists have access to millions of public and non-public records, allowing us to resolve cases fast, saving you time and money.


our record access is supplemented with an extensive network of local and international investigators, genealogists and researchers allowing us to leave no stone unturned.
 

how long does a search take?

our state-of-the-art capabilities allow us to typically complete searches quickly and thoroughly. depending on the scope of the search, an investigation can take days, weeks or sometimes a few months.
 

what are your fees?

omnitrace charges a very affordable rate. fees are case specific and are based on the information provided.please give us a call at 888-965-6696 for a free no obligation quote.
 
























(888) 965-6696
(se habla español)





home
contact us
terms and conditionsprivacy 



proud members of:










omnitrace corp. is a licensed private investigation agency (license #a2200304) 
            
    this site is protected by recaptcha and the google
    privacy policy and
    terms of service apply.
copyright 2025 omnitrace. all rights reserved.

















































