 








- neveragain.org















































 













 







 







 










mission
technology initiatives
global partnerships
board
leadership
donate
 















 








to us, never again means dedication to the lessons of the past and commitment to a safer and more just future. at neveragain.org we serve people in danger, connecting at-risk individuals and communities with industrial-grade tech solutions to face some of the boldface problems of our shared world. our solutions strengthen public safety and respond to violence and harm in real time. 
we are in a historical moment where “never again” has come to mean many things. in parkland, florida, teenagers and mass shooting survivors have chosen it as their banner to fight our nation’s gun violence epidemic. this rising generation will lead the march for our lives in washington on march 23, where never again will ring out in the streets. today, these words are seen and heard across the map, from protests against the muslim ban in the usa to syria, sudan and beyond. 
but never again draws its meaning and its power from a long history. its first and most sacred meaning has always been holocaust remembrance. since then, it has been raised up to counter violence and atrocities all around the world. from the 1940s to the new millennium, it has a common thread: never again is about change. never again insists on the dignity of human life. never again is about the fight for social justice and securing lasting safety for communities who are under threat and at risk. “normalcy, never again,” was the original title of dr. king’s “i have a dream” speech. in argentina, “nunca más” became a response to the human rights abuses of military rule. and now, the #neveragain movement has sparked a new chapter in this ongoing story. 
never again is a commitment to action. at the nonprofit neveragain.org, our action is to intervene and connect people in danger with the resources they need to get to safety. danger can come for individuals facing sudden and immediate threats, or large populations in the face of humanitarian crises such as natural disasters or violent persecution. across the spectrum, we are here with our partners and supporters to develop the industrial-grade tech resources that make a difference for first responders, humanitarian workers, and people at risk.
donate now



 
 






















 
 
















