












zoëcon | professional pest control | home



















































 




 



videos
about
sds/labels
contact us
rebates

 








 













products






gentrol 

zenprox 

precor 

essentria® 

premise control 





view all zoëcon products 




resources






dilution rate calculators 

blog 

collateral 

posters 







insects






ants 

cockroaches 

fleas 

flies 

mosquitoes 

ticks 







where to buy






pmp 

homeowner 







solution finder


























 





















 



zoëcon originated insect growth regulator (igr) technology over 50 years ago, and we have been providing innovative solutions to pest management professionals ever since. our product portfolio is designed to enable broad-spectrum, long-term residual control with a range of igrs, adulticides, botanicals, synergists and combination products. we’re committed to providing the tools professionals need to manage insect populations, prevent future infestations and reduce callbacks. 







 



 



 











 







gentrol






zenprox






precor






essentria®






premise control




 








at the heart of zoëcon
zoëcon carries an array of solutions designed to meet the challenges presented by various types of infestations. our product brands are recognized by professionals as reliable resources within their insect control protocols and turned to time and again for their effectiveness and value in helping to eliminate callbacks.
 



download family brochures


gentrol® family brochures


zenprox® family brochure


precor® family brochure


essentria® family brochure


premise® family brochure




















 

 






check out our new product family brochure
when a pest problem arises, having the right solution at your fingertips is critical. our family brochure provides a comprehensive guide to our range of solutions, with intel on how each product can help solve unique pest control issues. download it here. 



download now 













bridging gaps between pest management and public health
innovative igr technology and unmatched support from our expert technical services team sets zoëcon professional products apart. in our latest blog, meet dan killingsworth, our new technical services specialist, who brings a wealth of experience in pest control and public health to elevate our commitment to customer success. 



read the blog 






 




































your insurance policy against callbacks
our gentrol® family of products, featuring the igr (s)-hydroprene, have delivered responsible solutions with bottom-line results you can see since 1984. read our latest blog and watch the video to see all the application possibilities! 



read the blog 










the latest from zoëcon 




powered by curator.io

 



 



 











dilution rate calculators 











make your job easier by using our dilution rate calculator, which can help you make sure you’re using
                    the correct product rates for tank mixes and dilutions. start building your own product dilution
                    preferences.
learn more







 










connect with zoëcon sales rep 











find your zoëcon team expert in your region for insect control advice, product recommendations,
                        distributor information, and more!
where to buy




 
                

 










product spotlight 











introducing gentrol® complete ec3: eliminate labeled kitchen insects 
gentrol® complete ec3, an exciting solution from
zoëcon®, is a combination product containing an insecticide and an insect
growth regulator (igr) to offer broad-spectrum relief from labeled kitchen insects like german
cockroaches, stored product pests, and fruit and drain flies. protect your kitchen from
problematic insects now!
see gentrol®
complete ec3




 


 










sign up for dates 











get on our e-mail list to receive the pro2pro newsletter, product updates, spec sheets, sds sheets and more.
sign up







 






























 




 






 







© 2023 central life sciences. all trademarks are either the property of central garden & pet company, its subsidiaries, divisions, affiliated and/or related companies or the property of their respective owners.













 









resource center 

dilution rate calculators 

contact 

where to buy 

solution finder 







join our email list 

all products 

sds/labels 

privacy policy 

cookie policy 







 
 







 










 

