


  





























mitchell: leading tech & services for p&c claims management | mitchell



















    skip to main content









                   media careers contact us 
    

search 




       solutions  solutions overview  auto physical damage solutions  insurance  collision repair  oem networks  loss profiling & dispatch  estimating  cloud estimating estimate advisor parts sourcing truckmax specialty vehicles virtual estimating intelligent estimating  repair procedures  review  scheduling and annotation intelligent review  diagnostics solutions​  repair management​  repaircenter mitchell cloud repair  glass solutions  point-of-sale solution glass claims management cloud glass lookup national auto glass specifications  total loss  insights and reporting  intelligent solutions  intelligent open platform intelligent damage analysis intelligent estimating intelligent review  oem networks  gm canada mazda  data licensing   casualty solutions  first party casualty solutions  bill review epay  third party liability solutions  bodily injury integrated solution claimiq demand packages  workers' compensation  regulatory reporting  pharmacy benefit management  scriptadvisor home delivery ask the pharmacist     insights  mitchell events  awards  trends  mitchell collision podcast   client tools  enlyte portal  my account  scriptadvisor pharmacy locator  scriptadvisor portal login   about  our history  values and culture  leadership  news   
  
        
   



           p&c industry leaders   technology & expertise driving better claims outcomes  as a market leader with more than 75 years of experience, mitchell simplifies and accelerates claims management and collision repair processes through the broadest range of technology solutions, networks and partners in the p&c industry.       
   
         claims innovation  service driven. technology forward.   we offer the broadest range and the most innovative claims technology solutions available, with the expertise and guidance you trust.
  our solutions         
   
           auto physical damage solutions   with seventy-five years of industry experience, we’re leading the way with innovations in claims automation and repair technology built to meet your unique needs. mitchell is your partner in simplifying the claims process so you can get vehicle owners back on the road with proper, safe vehicle repairs.
  learn more            
       casualty solutions   for first-party auto, third-party liability and workers’ compensation, mitchell delivers solutions to help you manage claims efficiently and accurately, so you can deliver brighter outcomes for all.
  learn more            
   
            news  get the latest news from mitchell  stay up to date with the latest announcements and innovations driving the industry forward.  see more        

january 15, 2025
enlyte’s 2025 trends report examines ‘the year of generative ai’read more

november 13, 2024
primary point of impact contributing to differences in claims severity for battery electric and internal combustion engine vehiclesread more

november 5, 2024
mitchell and protech join forces to streamline calibration detectionread more

october 16, 2024
mitchell technology to power new virtual estimating service from collectiveread more



       
   
           industry trends & insights  get the latest insights and industry updates you need to know.  






          enlyte
    
article
ask the pharmacist: cosentyx and its place in workers’ comp
december 3, 2024

4
 min read
are you seeing requests for cosentyx for your injured employee but are unclear on the application of this medication? cosentyx, a biologic medication developed by novartis, is increasingly recognized in the treatment landscape for chronic autoimmune conditions such as plaque psoriasis, ankylosing spondylitis and psoriatic arthritis.







                  auto physical damage
          
article
plugged-in: ev collision insights q3 2024
november 13, 2024

4
 min read
in q3 2024, claims frequency for repairable collision-damaged battery electric vehicles (bevs) rose to 3.01% in the u.s. and 3.97% in canada, an increase of 47% and 26% respectively year over year (yoy). while bev sales have slowed, they still represent 8% of new vehicle sales in the u.s. (up 11.3% yoy) and 9.49% in canada (up 18.47% yoy).







          enlyte
    
article
balanced regulatory environment: a key component to unlocking the value of specialty bill review 
october 7, 2024

2
 min read
without the use of specialty bill review (sbr), payers risk paying for errors or abuses created by providers with problematic billing practices. the regulatory climate in each state is a key component to ensuring fair and reasonable payment of medical bills especially in non-fee schedule states 




   view insights         
   
           an enlyte company   the people you know and businesses you trust are working together to transform p&c performance today, while charting the course to a better future.
  learn more         
   
         genex  helping injured workers get better, faster  genex helps injured employees return to their jobs in a safe and efficient manner through compassionate case management while reducing total claim cost.  learn more         coventry  getting people back to what they love  coventry works with employers, insurers and third-party administrators to offer network, clinical and specialty solutions for workers’ compensation, auto, and disability care-management.  learn more         
   




          careers   contact 
 


terms of use


privacy practices


california privacy rights


report a problem


    twitter   twitter   twitter                                    ©2025 enlyte group, llc. all rights reserved.      








