








home - texas longhorn breeders association of america





















































 

















join nowlog into hornssign up for e-trailstrails magazinecontact ushomeabouthistorystaffboard of directorscommitteesfoundationcareerscontactmember servicesjoinbreeders near youaffiliate associationssyndicated partnershipstlbaa official handbookthe longhorn breedhistorybenefits of the breedbreed guidelinesminiature texas longhornsherd managementformsregister and transferdna testinghorns systemfaq’slonghorn beefwhy longhorn beef?registered longhorn beeflonghorn beef providersrecipes & cooking tipsmarketinglonghorn salesmarketing servicescreative servicestrails magazinemedia kityouthabout tlbtjoin tlbtscholarship opportunitiesqualifying show informationgold merit awardeventsindustry calendarlonghorn weekendtlbaa world expohorn showcasequalifying show informationshow/judge applicationsawardstlbaa hall of fametlbaa special awardsdams of merit




 







 discover the genetic advantages of the breed.

 
							texas 
							longhorn 
							 




longhorn 
							texas 
							a historic breed with a strong future. 
							join today! 
							learn more 
							
events 
							learn more 
							 



 









join nowwelcome to thetexas longhorn breeders
association of americathe texas longhorn breeders association of america is a nonprofit organization with more than 3,800 active adult and junior members. along with texas longhorn trails magazine, texas longhorn breeders of tomorrow (tlbt), and the texas longhorn breeders of america foundation (tlbf), the texas longhorn breeders association provides programs and services for its members and customers, while promoting the texas longhorn breed and supporting education, youth, and scientific research.learn morea unique breed witha strong futureread our storylearn morelocate a texas longhornbreeder near youlearn moretexaslonghorn breeders
member newswelcome to our new and improved website!we hope you enjoy the improved navigation and the clarity of what to find where offered by this new and more modern design. if you have any questions about the site or if something you were accustomed to seems to be gone, please don’t hesitate to reach out to the tlbaa office for help. (817) 625-6241 or tlbaa@tlbaa.org.have you renewed your membership?our active and junior memberships expire on june 30th each year. if you would like to renew you may mail in a check with the membership numbers and renew noted on it or simply call the office at (817) 625-6241 and tell us to use your card on file or provide one and we’ll get you taken care of. a one-year membership is $100. don’t want to have to remember to renew each year? get a lifetime membership for $1,000.get your ads in the next issue of trails magazine!
get your ad in the trails magazine and reach more buyers!  we are always looking for more advertisers and we will even help you to design your ad for free! there are a variety of sizes and types that we offer. you can decide what you like and what feeds your needs and budget; take a look! don't miss our upcoming eventstlbaa horn showcaseheld in october, this unique event includes horn measuring competition, a futurity, a select sale and awards banquet. learn more.texas longhorn weekendheld in january as a part of the fort worth stock show & rodeo, this event is full of member driven activities including affiliate and board meetings, a general membership meeting, the eddie wood cowtown classic longhorn sale, and youth and open longhorn shows.  learn more.tlbaa world expoheld in june, this annual event features animals that have qualified regionally to compete on the national level. it features the tlbt national youth show, the tlbaa world show and the texas gold futurity. learn more.view full calendar here




stay connectedsign up for e-trails© texas longhorn breeders association of america. 
all rights reserved. 
website by ranch house designs

homeaboutbackhistorystaffboard of directorscommitteesfoundationcareerscontactmember servicesbackjoinbreeders near youaffiliate associationssyndicated partnershipstlbaa official handbookthe longhorn breedbackhistorybenefits of the breedbreed guidelinesminiature texas longhornsherd managementbackformsregister and transferdna testinghorns systemfaq’slonghorn beefbackwhy longhorn beef?registered longhorn beeflonghorn beef providersrecipes & cooking tipsmarketingbacklonghorn salesmarketing servicescreative servicestrails magazinemedia kityouthbackabout tlbtjoin tlbtscholarship opportunitiesqualifying show informationgold merit awardeventsbackindustry calendarlonghorn weekendtlbaa world expohorn showcasequalifying show informationshow/judge applicationsawardsbacktlbaa hall of fametlbaa special awardsdams of merit
 
 


























