





things to do in key west,tours, and activities

























 










 (877) 243-2378
 menu




 lowest price guaranteed
 click to chat
specials
 free key west guide






   questions? call us  
 (877) 243-2378















things to do 
key west hotels
blog 
rentalsboatselectric carsscooters



top 10 tours
combo specials
special offers









 


 


 








 hotel search



# of rooms
1
2
3
4
5













view availability














catamaran reef snorkeling 

$60




power adventure

$160




jet ski island tour

$160




party cat dinner cruise

$80




island ting

$120




shark adventure

$79




dry tortugas seaplane excursion

$466




back country safari

$134




rum and reggae

$60




dive-in-a-day resort course

$229




tortuga iv

$65




key west parasailing adventure

$70


 










tours and activities






airplane & helicopter tours






beach packages






biking and walking tours






boat rentals






day cruises






dinner cruises






dive in a day






do it all tours






dolphin tours






dry tortugas






eco tours






electric car rentals






fishing charters






fishing charters - shared






glassbottom boat tours






jet ski island tour






kayak tours






key west golf club






land tours and sightseeing






parasailing






private charters






sailing tours






scooter rentals






scuba diving






scuba instruction






shark adventures






snorkeling tours






snuba






speedboat tours






sunset cruises

 







best on key west
key west has an abundance of things to do, and has become a united states top vacation spot because of this. there is an activity for any type of personality, and a tour for any interest. even though this island is known for its pristine beaches, and mystical underwater playgrounds of coral reefs and marine wildlife to explore for the outdoorsy visitors, it also has tours on land for sightseeing and history buffs. visitors could come to key west 100 times, and have a completely different experience each time with all the different things to do.
key west fun activities to do in the water
there is an endless amount of things to do in the waters surrounding the keys. of course, the most popular activity is snorkeling! there are all kinds of different tours that involve key west snorkeling, so it will be easy to pick one that best suits your vacation. the best tour for snorkeling is the snorkeling offered in the dry tortugas. this beautiful, historic landmark is the destination for avid snorkelers and bird watchers from all over the world.if you have always wanted to try scuba diving but don't have the time to get certified, we highly recommend trying the "next-best-thing," our snuba dive. it's basically a combination of snorkeling and scuba diving, and is a great way to explore the coral reef of key west. if you are looking to get scuba certified, try one of the many tours offered on the scuba instruction tour page. don't know how to pick just one water activity? you're in luck, because now there are "do-it-all" tours, that help you knock out all the fun water sports and activities there are to do in the water, all at once. these all-inclusive key west tour packages are the ideal way to take part in a wide variety of watersports and activities.
things to do on the island
we know not everyone wants to be in the water for everything they do in key west. in the keys, there are so many things to do, and the best part, you can get to most of everywhere on the island by walking or biking. for the history buffs, see the treasure that has been discovered off the florida shores at the mel fisher maritime museum or see the house that was once a getaway home to president harry s. truman, and served as a vacation home to other political figures by doing the little white house tour. if you're more interested in maritime history and shipwrecks, then the shipwreck historeum museum is what you're looking for. with live actors, lasers, and a chance to lookout from a 60-foot lookout tower, that make the experience remarkable. think you have what it takes for a spooky connection with the spirits of the keys? 
getting around key west
key west has to be the easiest place on the planet to be able to find transportation to get around on your vacation. whether by airplane, bike, bus, scooter, or boat, there is something for everyone. lloyd's tropical bike tour gives visitors a warm welcome while enjoying the relaxed atmosphere. with the bike, it is easier to roam down side streets and hidden lanes, and get to see the quainter side of the key west. want to sit back, relax, and enjoy sightseeing while having a tour guide point out historic sights, and listen to interesting stories? try one of the oldest and most famous sightseeing tours, the conch tour train. entertaining visitors since 1958, the tour has given over 10 million guests the glimpse and history of key west. if you're looking to get around on your own time, and don't want to do a tour, or drive your car, you may want to see the options of the different electric car rentals or scooters there are. with the electric car rental, you have a chance to take a whole crew of 6 around. but if you are more of a motorbike type, then check out the different scooter rentals there are, and be amazed be how affordable it is.
places to stay in key west
need to find a place to stay in key west? best on key west is known for finding the best deal that are within your budget, and best fit your vacation. the keys have some of the most charming and top rated bed and breakfasts in the southeast united states. if you're looking for a beachfront hotel, we can help you find the best deal. looking for the cheapest deal? just use our new and improved search, and we guarantee you won't be disappointed.
key west tour guide
still having a hard time deciding what to do on your key west vacation? check out our things to do in key west page to get a better understanding of all the choices key west has to offer. 








free sunset cruise with power adventure
come enjoy a complimentary champagne sunset catamaran sail as a gift for joining us on key west's top do-it-all excursion. enjoy all the fun in the sun of the power adventure including kayaking, snorkeling, parasailing and jet skiing. then enjoy a relaxing two-hour journey to watch the famous key west sunset. 


more info
 book now







key west activity map

download a free activity map of key west with locations of fun things to do in key west
  download  



recent key west acticles







the spotted drum a beautiful tropical fish
 published 12 nov 2014








the sand diver of key west
 published 05 nov 2014








smooth trunkfish of key west
 published 30 oct 2014










click to call





 best on key west is the official vacation guide for tours, activities and things to do in key west  call (877) 243-2378 









price match guarantee
our prices are up to 56% cheaper




simple and easy booking
our professional and local staff is here to help




top quality tours
#1 tour and activity concierge in key west




no "coupon" required
we won't be beat on price!










best on key west



privacy policy 
cancellation policy 
terms and conditions  



key west info


top 10 tours
special offers 



need help booking your tour?

need help booking your tour? our professional and local staff is here to help. contact a best on key west representative by calling (877) 243-2378 or click the live chat button to right.
web design & marketing by 











price match guarantee
found a better price online ? we'll price match it.
we won't be beat on price!
in fact, our prices are up to 56% cheaper*
best on key west is the #1 tour and activity concierge in key west 
to prove it we are matching all online pricing on the tours we offer.
for price matching call
(877) 243-2378
*current parasailing price on carnival of $89.99 vs $39.95 with us
close











get your free key west guide


close

















questions? feedback? powered by olark live chat software














