







omnisis






























brilliant surveys for brighter insights
we're on a mission to give you the smartest all-round operations support for your market research.
with us, all your survey needs are sorted. so you're free to focus on your insights.














our mission







smart surveys and solutions. fast.

                                    right from day one, back in 2002, we've always aimed to make our clients' jobs easier and better.
                                    today, that means you get brilliant surveys, solutions and analysis - and you get it all
                                    much faster than others can provide.
                                


                                        you'll always be able to deal with a senior expert on our team. plus we're great value, making
                                        us the perfect partner for all your market research needs. we admit, we get a kick out
                                        of inventing and delivering new it solutions for anything tricky. but we're here for
                                        the everyday too.
                                    




read more
close









it's been said we respond faster than anyone else. (warp speed, in fact.)

                                    costing a project or putting a survey online only takes a few hours. and we aim to devise new
                                    software solutions within a day or two, at most. our speed is thanks to the combination of
                                    a senior team, fixed cost model and agile set-up. and our agility is all down to our own
                                    software, warp.
                                


                                        when you're feeling the squeeze on your schedules, our time-saving responsiveness is a big
                                        help.
                                    




read more
close









we do everything you’d expect. and more.

                                    we take care of everything you'd think a market research service company would do. and we probably
                                    do some things you wouldn't expect too.
                                


                                        our services range from sourcing the right panel at the right price, to
                                        producing complex statistics, creating your charts and much more. whatever
                                        you need, just ask and we’ll take care of it.
                                    




read more
close









we love inventing technological solutions. (all you’ll notice is the fantastic service.)

                                    at omnisis we’re mostly here for the everyday survey stuff. but the moment you're facing something
                                    tricky, we're on it. and we don't faff around for months. we just crack on with the prototype
                                    straightaway.
                                


                                        innovating a new survey technique can take us just a couple of days. and at the end of the
                                        process each new solution is bolted onto our (brilliant) modular software, so all clients
                                        can enjoy the benefits. because we own our it, we can guarantee you better service.
                                    




read more
close



















our partnership style makes us easy to work with.





                        by partnership, we don’t mean touchy feely. we're in sync with our clients, listening and communicating
                        the way they want – even by text. partnership is about being collaborative, helpful and always
                        trying to respond the same day. and it's about our commitment to always keep one of our senior
                        people on the team for your project.
                    

                        you don't need a degree in it to chat with us – we talk like human beings and avoid jargon. our
                        team's based in the uk, so nothing's lost in translation.
                    
it all means you can lean on us 100%.













technologically advanced





custom built solutions
we use the latest technologies to create bespoke solutions, using our own custom built software.





mobile friendly

                                if you're using a mobile, tablet or desktop, it doesn't matter. our solutions are designed to work
                                on all devices.
                            





intelligent reporting
we provide bespoke reporting solutions so you can focus on your insights!





super fast turnaround
our modular technology allows us to turnaround custom solutions super fast!






view our demo showcase
















leaders section







news & what we've been up to








tis the season! and this year we’ve upped our annual charity donation to help families in need
each year we do christmas a little differently at omnisis.









introducing our intuitive survey chatbot 🤖
we’ve been busy behind the scenes, thinking introverted thoughts (quietly, of course) and having an absolute whale of a time building our new chatbot feature.









client case study: how do you feel about the prospect of living until 100?
we developed a long-term study to help the big window’s insurance client find out what people thought about the possibility of living to 100 years old and, if they did, how they were going to cope with the future.






visit our blog for more news







omnisis ltd

jactin house
24 hood street
ancoats
m4 6wx







+44[0]330 053 3488

privacy policy






✖



home


our mission


partnership


blog


polls


poll results


contact


demo showcase




if we've made you curious, we'd love to hear from you. please call +44[0]330 053 3488                    or write to hello@omnisis.co.uk

omnisis ltdjactin house24 hood streetancoatsm4 6wx
office@omnisis.co.uk






























