





astronomy club of tulsa




















































 about our club eventseach month we try to schedule observing opportunities at our dark sky site sw of tulsa.   we schedule a guest and members night the weekend near the 3rd quarter moon.  our members only night occurs on the weekend nearest the new moon, allowing our members to have time to work on observing projects and exchange ideas with each other.   scroll down to see the schedule of coming events.during the school term we also have monthly in person club meetings at the jenks high school planetarium.  wanting to get away from the glow of city lights and enjoy some stargazing?we invite you to make a visit to our observatory  located in darker skies sw of tulsa.  scroll down to see directions and details on coming events or visit our events sectiondiscover more at astronomy club resources – tips & more  what’s up in tonight’s sky   has videos and images of noted sky events for the month as well as evening and morning sky mapsprintable night sky map of the month  in english or spanishfebruary 2025 skywatching tips from nasaevening planets - what is an appulse?  venus the "goddess of love"  venus at its brightest in february. upcoming events -   observatory stargazing and telescope nights   see details and directions on our website events page         or use the direct links belowspecial events  friday feb 21 - 7:00  astronomy club meeting our february 21 guest presenter will be astrobiologist dr. graham lau, science communicator, and host of nasa's ask an astrobiologist, dr. lau is a leading voice in exploring the origins and possibilities of life in the universesaturday mar 8 - 10:30 to 2:00  telescope 101 workshopdo you have a telescope and need help understanding how to use it better?  register for a 30 minute session with an experienced astronomy club member to guide you through the basics of setting up your telescope and began observing.february evening planet "parade"social media has been "a buzz" about a planet "alignment."  during february four naked eye planets are all visible in the evening sky. they are spread across a long arc from sw to east.  you don’t need dark sky or special instruments to see saturn, venus, jupiter and mars.  they will be visible any clear night until late february but will shift further toward the west as the month progresses. in early february the moon will also be travelling along this arc of planets - passing venus feb.1,  jupiter feb. 6 and mars feb. 9  follow this link february 2025 evening planet parade    to see images and more details.  guest and member observatory nightscome enjoy an evening of star gazing at our observatory      located in dark rural skies sw of tulsa   see details and directions on our website events page              guests are requested to rsvp  saturday feb 22  - 5:40 pm   guest  & members observatory night  saturday mar 22  - 7:00 pm   guest  & members observatory night   astronomy club members nights our members are invited to come work on their observinggoals, do some astro imaging and share ideas.   friday   feb 28 - 5:45 pm    members observatory night          messier marathon saturday   mar 29 - 5:45 pm to dawn  members observatory eventif a friday event must be cancelled due to weather, we will try again on saturday  but at an earlier time near sunset    - always check the website for event updates   in town astronomy club meetings   at jenks high school planetarium  open to guests and members  friday feb   21 – 7:00 pm   jenks high school planetarium   friday mar     7 – 7:00 pm   jenks high school planetarium             located at 105 east b st, jenks, ok check the weatherweather forecastweather radar - tulsa and tri-state regionclear sky charttonight's hourly observing conditionssatellite imageshi-res goes-eastaccuweather cloud mapviewour eventsmoreget directionsto our observatorymoreaboutour clubmore


other upcoming events astronomy club of tulsa. all rights reserved.

















test newsletter









