









home -
















































skip to content




heartwood industries - custom furniture and cabinetry - 818.429.1477 los angeles, ca








cabinetry


bathroom vanity
bedroom furniture
bookcases
dressers
kitchens
miscellaneous
sideboards


custom furniture


coffee tables
dining tables
media centers
office desks
seating
small tables &         nightstands


about us


all products
portfolio


customer reviews
faq
contact us







 
welcome to heartwood industries!
we build custom furniture and cabinetry.
please take a look at our work...
view our portfolio



















 
kitchensheartwood industries specializes in great kitchen design.  we use all the best quality soft close drawer slides and hinges.  we take great pride in providing our customers with the optimal storage and design styles.  we custom build our kitchens to provide superior storage and style to please every family. 


view kitchens



 


 
about usestablished in 1997, heartwood industries is based in los angeles. we specialize in custom hand made furniture and cabinetry. our customers include designers, retail stores and home owners.


find out more about us



 


 
customer reviewsheartwood industries has been in business over 20 years with a long list of loyal customers.


view customer reviews



 


 
office deskswe know how important your work is.  working behind a perfect desk is an experience that will enhance the time you spend at your desk.  we will design and customize the layout to fit your needs.


view office desks



 


 
media centersimagine relaxing at home on your favorite couch watching a movie from your own custom media center.  we will design the media center for the perfect fit for your widescreen tv including cabinet space for your electronic components, speakers and gaming systems.  plus, we will include custom space for your books and special decorative items.


view media centers



 


 
bathroom vanitya great bathroom vanity is the special place where you can get ready to take on the world.


view bathroom vanity



 


 
bedroom furniturelet us build the perfect bed frame and headboard for you to enjoy for years to come.  along with a great bed goes a great bedroom dresser.  customize the storage in order to keep each of your items ready to use when you need them.


view bedroom furniture



 


 
custom antique furnitureif you want to recreate a piece of furniture from your past with traditional craftsman techniques we are the company for you.  we specialize in the reproduction of antique furniture from a drawing or photograph.


view custom furniture



 


 
coffee tablesthe coffee table is the center of all attention in a living room. it holds your drinks and favorite book. you can kick back your feet on it and relax. and is a perfect place to show off beautiful flower center piece. 


view coffee tables



 


 
dining tableswhether you are looking for a grand table for family gatherings or a modest one for your family we can build it for you. different woods will bring out the feel of your dining room or kitchen. a beautiful table can bring the family together in a special way.


view dining tables



 






























since 1993










heartwood industries
established in 1997, heartwood industries is based in los angeles.  we specialize in custom hand made furniture and cabinetry.  our customers include designers, retail stores and home owners.
we custom build all of cabinetry and furniture.  we use walnut, oak, maple, specialty veneers and recycled wood.  we build using the techniques of fine craftsmen. 
we produce pieces with fine finishes that feel smooth and lovely using the highest quality profession finishes and techniques.
we will build your custom piece from a photo or drawing or we are delighted to design the furniture or cabinetry for you.  the process is a collaborative process to insure that you receive the pieces you want for your home or office. 





















































contact us...
write us and let us know what you are imagining in your mind. we can help you find the best in materials, design ideas and make your idea into reality.





contac us










































keywords, maple, oak, walnut, shaker, modern style, contemporary, traditional style, custom designed,  kitchen cabinets, custom office cabinetry, mahogany, dressers, beds, bathroom vanities, quartz counters, entertainment centers, entertainment cabinetry, media centers, coffee tables, dining tables, lacquer finish, stain finish, bookcases, breakfronts, kitchen islands, mantles, built-in cabinetry, office furniture, office desks, home office cabinets, nightstands, side tables sofa tables. 



















contact usemailcontact@heartwoodindustries.comphone(818) 429-1477address7943 haskell ave. #11
van nuys, ca 91406

visit us by appointment only.




search for:



heartwood industriesheartwood industries social media sitesyelpfacebooktripadvisor



	notice: javascript is required for this content.















	copyright © 2019 heartwood industries. website design by advanced motive.










































