















seattle northcountry




































skip to content





menu


0
saved


search




book now







navigation












things to doeventswhere to stayfood & drinkvisitor regionsplan your trip



                                   meetings & conventions
                            
                                   contact us
                            


 









                                stories
                                











                                email signup
                                













                                industry
                                









 











a seaside springtime
a 90-mile coastline equals thousands of photo-ops. sea's the day.


    let's go


 

 

 

 

 

 

 







 







explore seattle northcountry
 there's a little bit of everything within the four visitor regions of snohomish county, wa. seattle northcountry is uniquely situated between the water and the mountains in the heart of aviation country.as such, you can easily access the many cultures — the nautical, artistic, outdoors, and farming communities — that make up the essence of pacific northwest. use the clickable interactive map below to find more information and content about each of our regions.










tag us @seattlenorthcountry




































































 










                        
                        skykomish & snohomish river valleys                                



                        details                            






 










                        
                        salish sea coastal communities                                
the inland sea is most of who we are. it’s the source of food and weather, transportation and inspiration. the saltwater offers a sparkling view, a respite, and a place to play…



                        details                            






 










                        
                        urban basecamp                                
urban basecamp is the diverse, metropolitan heart of seattle northcountry. artists can afford to live in these old brick and timber mill cities; makers are tucked away in urban spaces, painting, jamming…



                        details                            






 










                        
                        stillaguamish & sauk river valleys                                
rooted in folkways - where older traditions meet modern iterations of pacific northwest culture - the small working towns of this valley still resonate with stories of indgenous peoples, lumberjack and mining…



                        details                            











you've reached seattle northcountry

2,000 square miles of mountains and rivers, cities and towns, farmlands, and coastlines comprise snohomish county, wa. foggy evergreens, driftwood coastlines, cozy coffee shops, and craft breweries—yep, we have those, and so much more. urban and outdoor cultures intersect here in surprising and delightful ways. enjoy some retail therapy, discover delicious eats and treats, or take the scenic route.












3 days on a 90-mile coastline








tread lightly
















                        
                        7 ways to travel sustainably in rural areas                                
travel light, leave no trace, find joy.



                        read more                            















                        
                        responsible river recreation                                
every year, folks flock by the hundreds to the rivers of snohomish county. and who can blame them? what’s not…



                        read more                            















                        
                        7 ways to travel sustainably in an urban environment                                
“leave no trace” also counts in the city.



                        read more                            














 

snohomish county’s best vacation rentals





there's no wrong way to pnw
what to do in a place that has it all? we get that a lot. seattle northcountry is packed with experiences stretching from the cascade mountains to the salish sea. choose your own adventure!




 

snohomish county placemakers podcast







 

the divine noise of apollo exos records







 

you need to know about zoey’s fried chicken sandwiches







 

guaranteed whale watching: you’re certain to spot a cetacean










the best of seattle northcountry

venture into our neck of the woods and you're sure to discover an unforgettable experience. here are some adventure ideas to get you headed in the right direction.






visitor photos @seattlenorthcountry













 

the seaside loop







 

7 days of international dining in urban basecamp







 

the sea to sky road trip







 

mountain loop highway










picture yourself here

your escape starts now on our official instagram page. @seattlenorthcountry



















                        
                        international travelers                            


welcome to snohomish county! 歡迎! bienvenue! ようこそ! bienvenido! 환영하다!
located just 15 miles north of seattle and encompassing 2,000 square miles, seattle northcountry stretches from the peaks of the cascade mountains to the shores of the salish sea and is characterized by urban scapes, rural vistas, and outdoor recreation. 
home to boeing's future of flight aviation center, seattle northcountry is easily accessed from asia and europe with direct flights to sea-tac international airport (sea) and domestically through seattle paine field international airport (pae). seattle northcountry offers year-round visitor experiences and the signature blend of nature and culture that the pacific northwest region is famous for. 


see more

















                                   industry resources
                            
                                   press
                            
                                   stories
                            
                                   privacy policy
                            
                                   contact us
                            









info@seattlenorthcountry.com


 






this site uses cookies to provide you with an optimized experience.

            


    learn more
accept




experience builder



 





quick search









search








 





location map




 






want more trip inspiration?
subscribe to our newsletter to get the freshest stories, videos, and travel ideas from our corner of the pnw.
sign me up









