















aromatherapy, essential oils and how to use them. your information starts now





 



your one stop aromatherapy shop since 1997





birch hill happenings aromatherapy, llc 


 please continue to read to see who we suggest for suppliers for you going forward 
 we are closed and are retired!
by al and penny keay
 
 
 hi to all our customers,

 
as you know, we are closed, as of, october 30, 2024 at noon central time. 

 
it has been a wonderful time teaching and sharing with you our aromatherapy knowledge these past 28 years.

 
we will keep you in our thoughts and prayers as we begin the next chapter of our life – that of retirement! 



 
as promised, here is a list of reputable suppliers of essential oils. 

 
some of them have certified aromatherapist to help answer any questions you might have.

 
please use the following list as a starting point for you to find some essential oils we feel of are of the same quality and therapeutic properties of the ones we sold. 



  
av-at.com    anatolian treasures aka appalachian valley natural products

  
naturesgift.com  - natures gift aromatherapy

  
theoilshoppe.com 	 the oil shoppe – it has a product called “four bandits” which is the same as our “four robbers” (they get it from the same supplier that we got our supplies from – we did not buy from the oil shoppe though). 

  
edenbotanicals.com   - edens botanicals – they have some of the same essential oils we got from some of our suppliers.  (we did not purchase from eden botanicals). 



 
if you do not find what you are looking for from those companies, then our next suggestion it to visit  aromaweb.com  

 
wendy robbins has a complete list of many, many aromatherapy suppliers and one or more of them should be able to fulfill your needs.  wendy is very knowledgeable but she is not going to tell you which company to choose since she is an advertising aromatherapy network. 

  
naha.org – can help you find certified aromatherapists if you need to contact someone specifically for help. 



 
continue to use your essential oils for your health and well-being for yourself, your family and your friends. 

 

your personal aromatherapists

 
penny and alan keay

 
birch hill happenings aromatherapy, llc 





disclaimer
 
disclaimer: we do not endorse, nor do we encourage anyone to implement aromatherapy or any suggestions contained
within this site without the consent of his/her medical doctor. we also
do not take any liability for your implementation of any oils, recipes,
or anything else available through this site, from any book or company
recommendation, or available on any site linked from 
birch hill happenings aromatherapy, llc
 © 2024penny keay  all rights reserved worldwide.





