










gghcdc – greater golden hill


































































 


 







skip to content








 menu

about usbios & governance

our mission
board of directors
committees
members
bylaws
tax returns and financial statements


about golden hillnews & history

history
golden hill news
partners
profiles
business directory


eventsjoin the fun
resourcesuseful info

links & numbers
health & social services
transportation


get involvedways to participate

projectsget involved
become a volunteer
become a member


contact





 quick links

become a member
business directory
golden hill news
neighbor profiles


facebook
twitter
instagram

open search window






 










welcome to golden hill 



a vibrant and historic neighborhood in the heart of the city. 



























community 
impact 



learn more about the greater golden hill cdc’s ongoing efforts to improve the community.  








see our projects

























business directory  



to have your business listed in the directory, please get in touch using the 'contact us' button above 








view the directory

























affordable housing 



the greater golden hill cdc operates  high quality and affordable living for low-income residents who qualify. 








find out more

























donate to golden hill cdc 



you can help golden hill cdc provide more affordable housing units and hold more community events. 








donate
































neighborhood highlights 



stay up to date on the latest news in golden hill.​ 















recent posts





a home built by city-designated master builders

august 25, 2022|
history, informational

originally completed in 1907, the c street estate was designed by city-designated master builders and architects charles and edward quayle...
read more → a home built by city-designated master builders






golden hill post office becomes residential

august 18, 2022|
history, informational

the new construction will include four single-family residences. the new apartments, called “fancylofts,” will be approximately...
read more → golden hill post office becomes residential






excavating golden hill: the japanese american christian church

august 9, 2022|
history, informational

it’s easy to miss, tucked away at the elbow of 19th and e streets just above interstate 5: the japanese american christian church in...
read more → excavating golden hill: the japanese american christian church














someone you should know





someone you should know: judd curran, owner of happy bee

june 23, 2022|
profiles

our spotlight shines this week on judd curran, owner of happy bee. curran and his “bee-team” produce artisan micro-batch raw honey from...
read more → someone you should know: judd curran, owner of happy bee






someone you should know: andrew lee, owner of paloma barbershop

june 9, 2022|
profiles

our spotlight shines this week on andrew lee, owner of paloma barbershop. a native san diegan with a passion for inspiring confidence,...
read more → someone you should know: andrew lee, owner of paloma barbershop






someone you should know, mario & maggie rosales, owners of giorgino’s

june 2, 2022|
profiles

our spotlight shines this week on mario and maggie rosales, owners of giorgino’s restaurant. the husband and wife team have been serving...
read more → someone you should know, mario & maggie rosales, owners of giorgino’s




















follow us on instagram @goldenhillcdc 









dreaming of @losreyesgh pozole on this cold weeken






@tiborengel inward and outward neoclassicism march






@giorginos1 are you ready for super bowl? 
let us 
 





it's why they call it golden hill

#goldenhillsd #
 


 





 






















what's happening 



join in on the fun! 





        no event found!    
 










 






















become a volunteer! 



and make a difference! 




volunteer at events, like the community clean-up. 








 
upcoming events








share your skills by helping out with specialized services like marketing, web design and social media. 








 
see openings




















 





 




















facebook
twitter
instagram

open search window


© 2021 greater golden hill community development corporation 
photography: liz morrison @lizthenerd

 










search for:


search

close search window


↑
















































