






dagger records | official jimi hendrix bootleg albums









































releases
story
news
store
 


select page


  
 
 














jimi hendrix experience: paris 67the newest edition to a unique line of “special edition” dagger records titles produced exclusively for record store day.  this expanded 9-track colored vinyl presents the most complete official release of the experience’s october 9, 1967 concert at l’olympia theatre in paris.
now available









no business: ppx sessions vol. 219-song cd collection showcases jimi hendrix’s early development from 1965-1967 and features his first ever recorded composition (“working all day”) and shiver-inducing guitar playing that hint at the genius to come.
now available









live at george's club 20 (1965-1966)never officially released in the u.s. before, these recordings showcase hendrix’s guitar work and lead vocal performances prior to the formation of the jimi hendrix experience.
now available









baggy's rehearsal sessionsan up-close and personal exploration of jimi hendrix leading friends, billy cox and buddy miles through studio rehearsals that would lead up to the historic debut of the band of gypsys at the fillmore east theatre on new year’s eve, december 31, 1969.
a closer look








experience the dagger differenceowned and operated by experience hendrix, l.l.c., the same company behind all of the commercially available jimi hendrix music released worldwide. dagger records is the only place you can get bootleg style recordings of jimi hendrix that have been fully authorized by legendary musician’s own family.   each release is restored from original tapes, remastered to the highest industry standards and include full color liner notes delving into the story behind the music.
read our story









the jimi hendrix experience: live in colognethe 12th release in the dagger records line of official bootleg recordings features this stunning 10-track live performance captured live on stage on january 13, 1969 at cologne’s sporthalle.
now available










featured releases











the jimi hendrix experience: live in ottawa
 
learn more

 





jimi hendrix experience: paris 67
 
learn more

 





the jimi hendrix experience: live in paris & ottawa 1968
 
learn more

 





the jimi hendrix experience: live at woburn
 
learn more

 








authentic hendrix archives
help us continue to tell the story of jimi hendrix
did you see jimi hendrix live in concert?  meet him at a special event?  did you photograph, film or record one his performances?  do you have original photos/negatives/slides, tickets, posters, film footage, etc?
if so, we want to hear from you.  contact us today and help us build the experience.

yes, i am experienced!







dagger records store

 authentic hendrix store


jimi hendrix sites

official jimi hendrix website
authentic hendrix online store
experience hendrix tour
jimi hendrix park foundation
jimi hendrix memorial project




latest releases

live at george's club 20
live in cologne
live at woburn
live in paris/ottawa 1968
burning desire


site links

releases
story
news
contact




owned and operated by experience hendrix, l.l.c., the same company behind all of the commercially available jimi hendrix music released worldwide. dagger records is the only place you can get bootleg style recordings of jimi hendrix that have been fully authorized by legendary musician’s own family.   each release is restored from original tapes, remastered to the highest industry standards and include full color liner notes delving into the story behind the music. site credits.

stay connected

followfollowfollowfollow

        

dagger records | officially authorized jimi hendrix bootleg recordings copyright © 1998-2025 dagger records all rights reserved under exclusive license by experience hendrix, l.l.c.



 









 




















