




target building materials – since 1967 – opposite windsor airport terminal












































skip to the content























 








opposite windsor airport terminal: 3245 county rd 42, windsorshowroom spring hours:monday to friday 7:00am to 5:00pm 







home
construction fields

site construction concrete masonry mechanical doors & windows finishes thermal & moisture protection miscellanous

specialty products

trusscore mstbar nicerink ice rink liner chapin sprayer erie wheelbarrow blue bear mastic remover kraft tool company masterseal np 1 polymeric sand surface shield

contact
x
 

















 

 

 













specialty products for contractors & consumers 



target building materials is your premium source for all your residential, industrial or commercial building needs. we carry sealant, ceiling tile, foundation, waterproofing, insulation, tooling, safety and concrete products. 












 









 









 












our staff are here to help!
 



our staff possess deep product-knowledge and are well informed on industry trends and best practices. we will provide you with the right tools and resources you will need to get the job done right. 











providing specialty products in the fields of: 












 









 









 









 













 









 









 









 












president greg drouillard presented with lbmao lifetime industry achievement award 



congratulations to our president greg drouillard who was presented with the lbmao lifetime industry achievement award at the annual lumber and building materials association of ontario gala last friday night. 



the lbmao lifetime industry achievement award is a prestigious award given to individuals who make a significant contribution to the lbm/hardware and home improvement industry, has contributed or is still contributing to his or her community through one or more civic organizations and is an active member of the lbmao. 







 











serving windsor & surrounding area since 1967 











 














 







about: 



target building materials is your premium source for specialty building products. we carry a large selection of sealants, ceiling tiles, foundation, water proofing, insulation, tooling, safety and concrete products. 







contact: 



our showroom is located off county rd. 42 opposite windsor airport terminal.address:3245 county rd. 42windsor, on n8v o85phone: 519.966.6000spring hours:monday to friday 7:00am-5:00pm 







location: 



 


































