






footstep ministries

















































footstep ministries



home


join a tour


plan a tour



our ministry
about us
contact
testimonials



resources
publications 















home/
join a tour/
plan a tour/
our ministry/about uscontacttestimonials
resources/publications 















walking where the word was written




walking where the word was written
greece  |  italy |  turkey  |  israel











home/
join a tour/
plan a tour/
our ministry/about uscontacttestimonials
resources/publications 













footstep ministries invites you to travel with usand walk where the word was written.





































we don't just organize tours.when you travel with us through the lands of the scriptures, you’re more than a tourist.  you’re a pilgrim!  in israel, you will walk in the footsteps of jesus.  in greece, you’ll join paul in his missionary journeys.  in italy, you’ll live paul’s letters to the romans through the eyes of medieval and renaissance art.  we do not put you on the tourist treadmill.  we don’t rush you through sites.  we set our own pace and at each venue, we provide you time to reflect on god’s word and for worship.  we accompany every group, ensuring personal attention all along the way.  we view each tour as an opportunity to minister to your life.        in other words, we're different. we are not a "travel company",we're a ministry!



join one of our upcoming toursview current itineraries, gather tour details, and register for your tour




    browse tours
  



create a custom tour of your ownour most popular destinations



greece















following the footsteps of paul



italy















romans and the renaissance



israel















following in the footsteps of jesus 



who we are



a doctor of theology



a native greek













elizabeth iliadou sparks delights in showing you greece as only a native can. she was born and raised in the biblical town of berea.  she wants to share with you her love of the greek people and the ways of life that have sustained them for 3,000 years.  if you ask, she'll even teach you the secrets of the scrumptious greek recipes that have been passed down through the generations. her close relationships throughout the country give you the opportunity to commune with the people and experience greece as the greeks do.  with ancestral ties to asia minor, she has a love and feel for all mediterranean cultures.













as a minister and new testament theologian, dr. sparks leads you not just on an educational tour, but also on a spiritual journey.  david integrates the cultural context of the bible with personal application for daily living.  he has a wonderful way of letting the stones of antiquity speak to our contemporary society.  he also has a desire for travelers to be renewed in their faith and strengthened in their witness for christ.  through david’s teaching, you’ll come away with deeper insights and a new appreciation for the scriptures.   



read more about our ministry >



find out what others are saying about our tours

 

we are honored to have worked with several universities and churches for nearly 40 years.  it's building these relationships that makes our job a blessing! 

 












“thank you for all you did to create two ‘perfect’ trips for our wheaton college friends.  everything surpassed my expectations.  elizabeth’s knowledge and love for her native land made her hostessing an unforgetable gift to all of us.  david’s many gifts of knowledge, scripture, teaching, and leading brought the whole experience into a daily cohesiveness.  we all came back to the us bringing with us a new understanding of christ’s church, and a renewed commitment to serve that church.”

— marilee melvin, former vice president for alumni relations, wheaton college 




“it was a very special time and i have received many thanks from those who attended. i wanted to express my gratitude to all of you for the time, effort and care you put into our journey. i am confident that the experience of others was greatly enhanced by your attention to detail and your warm ways of being with the group.  i know also that the blend of history and biblical significance will have a lasting impact on our travelers.”

— teri bradford rouse, senior director of alumni & parent relations, westmont college




“an inspiring trip that packs so much historical, biblical, cultural, social and spiritual richness into two weeks that your suitcases will be unpacked long before you completely unpack the wonders you have experienced. the paul-theme focus, superior leadership, an insider’s love of her home, and great fellow travelers set this tour apart.”

— gail eubanks hackett, greece 2014



read more recommendations >

 

get in touchwe'd love to hear from you! if you are interested in learning more about our ministry or discussing the possibilities for creating a tour for your group, use this form to contact us with your inquiry and we'll be back in touch as soon as possible! 










              name
              
                *




first name





last name





              email address
              
                *





              affiliation
              
            




              message
              
                *







thank you!









footstep ministries | 2308 king arthur blvd, lewisville, tx 75056 | 972-418-6103 | info@footstepministries.org




 


 






 



