























welcome to best texas getaways - best texas getaways






















 









 

skip to content




 





blog
texas towns, regions

hill country
gulf coast
prairies & lakes
south texas plains
piney woods
big bend country
panhandle plains


texas festivals

texas food festivals


texas bbq

texas bbq cookoffs
texas chili cookoffs
other texas foods
recipes


say it like a texan

fast facts about texas
famous texas quotes
texas history
texas history timeline
texas weather


 










welcome to best texas getaways




are you looking for great getaways in the lone star state? we’ve got small town getaways, coastal escapes, dog-friendly texas travel–and plenty of texas barbecue–to share!
special best texas getaways sections













hi, we’re paris & john!

best texas getaways is a texas travel blog focusing on some of the best places to enjoy in texas, whether you’re looking for great texas barbecue, a dog-friendly beach or a quiet hill country day trip.
from our hill country home near austin, we enjoy traveling our home state–and bringing our favorites to you!
more about us


our books
we’re the authors of 35 books including both texas guidebooks and texas cookbooks!



what’s new on best texas getaways?
haunted san antonio
visit the sixth floor museum at dealey plaza
the history of the san antonio river walk
4 dog-friendly texas pumpkin patches
best things to do in houston, texas
best things to do in austin, texas

texas regions






























 






search for:





welcome to best texas getaways



we're paris permenter and john bigley, a husband-wife team of award-winning texas guidebook and cookbook authors. we enjoy traveling our home state--and look forward to bringing you the very best texas getaways!-- paris and john
signup for our newsletter!





subscribe
* indicates required

email address  *






 







best texas getaways is a participant in the amazon services llc associates program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com.








say it like a texan


 

fyi

about

disclaimer

privacy
 

our texas books


 

lt media group llc | copyright 2004-2022 | all rights reserved | previously texastripper  | birch on trellis framework by mediavine 

 





 



