

pacific northwest supplier of industrial hose, conveyor belts and rubber sheet - international belt and rubber supply - home















  home  |  about us  |  hose  |  fittings and couplings  |  belts  |  sheet rubber  |  fuel additives  |  brand names  |  linecard  |  contact us














international belt and rubber supply is the pacific northwest supplier of industrial hose, conveyor belts and rubber sheet





hose inventory 
sizes ranging from 3/16" to 24" i. d. 
 
if your requirement is for mining hose, petroleum hose, material handling (abrasive to bulk transfer) hose, steam hose, chemical hose, air hose, food transfer hose, water (suction or discharge) hose, vacuum hose etc. international belt and rubber supplys' experienced and knowledgeable staff can assist you in determing which product will best fit your application. 




















hose and fittings 





















goodyear hose and hose assembles



conveyor belt inventory 
 
ranges form 800 piw to light weight monofillment type belts
if your requirement is for mining, pulp and paper, steel, package handling, grain, bulk handling, fish/food/dairy, power generation, baggage handling, sand and gravel, etc. contact international belt and rubber supply.  our knowledgeable team can also help you with complete installation, vulcanizing, and fabrication (stripping, punching, welding, gluing, drilling.)  



















































the ultimate benefit 
peace of mind
 
the industry's highest quality hose assemblies plus the industry's top hose assembly experts - that's a powerful combination that can mean greater consistency and uniformity and lower overall cost for all your hose requirements.  it all adds up to real peace of mind.  and all you need to do is follow the star.
  


 
international belt and rubber supply, inc. 
is your goodyear star hose distributor 


















quick links 

goodyear star hose program 


goodyear lightweight belts 
hose coupling safety 
thermoid products 
thermoid catalog search 
uni-chain catalog 


siegling product brochures 
high tech, dura vent, tiger flex 
hi-tech q & a 


kuriyama product lines 

 


soltron case study 

 















                                    'contact us form'international belt and rubber supply, inc.4132 b place nw, auburn, wa  98001
                              253.833.6034   800.426.5525   fax 253.833.5700   sales@internationalbelt.com
privacy policy | sitemap












