











ceop safety centre
































                            child exploitation and online protection
                        





                            if you need to hide this site quickly, just click here






                                quick exit
                            



                                cancel quick exit
                            












                are you worried about online sexual abuse or the way someone has been communicating with you online?
            

make a report to one of ceop's child protection advisors







                        should i make a report to ceop? 
                        

if you're worried about online abuse or the way someone has been communicating online, let ceop know.





                            what happens when i make a report? 
                            

one of our experienced child protection advisors will be there to make sure you get the help that you need.





                            how can ceop help me? 
                            

online abuse affects many children and young people every day, ceop has helped thousands of people in need of support.








 make a report  
if you have experienced online sexual abuse or you're worried this is happening to someone you know, let us know safely and securely














are you being bullied?

                                if you are being bullied, or you are not ready to make a report to ceop, you can talk to childline anonymously online or on the phone - no worry is too big or too small.
                            

                                visit childline 









looking for further information?

                                use the links below to find a range of information about keeping yourself or a child you know safer from online child sexual abuse.
                            


4-7 year olds


8-10 year olds


11-18 year olds


parents/carers


professionals


police reporting


private sector reporting


information for private sector organisations







 







terms and conditions
accessibility
privacy policy
cookies policy
sitemap







twitter





facebook
















ceop is a command of the national crime agency
© crown copyright
national crime agency is not subject to the provisions of the freedom of information act 2000












