












explore albany hotels, events, restaurants, things to do & more in albany ny






















skip to main content




						
						
						guide to albany's capital region
					




enter giveaways

advertise






























winterempire skate plazatop winter eventsthings to doview all attractionsevents this weekendarts & cultureoutdoor activitiesattractionsshoppingfood, drink & nightlifespas & wellnessindoor attractionsworth the drivehot dealsfood & drinkall diningby cuisineamericanbbqfrenchhealth foodindianitalianjapanese, asian & thaimediterraneanmexicanmiddle easternpizzaseafoodsteakhousesby establishment typeall restaurants & pubscoffee shops & cafesbakeriesdelisoff-premise caterersbars & clubsby featurebuffetdeliveryfarm to tablefine dininggluten free menupatio diningpet friendlyscenic viewstakeoutvegetarian menuwaterfront diningby mealbreakfastbrunchlunchdinnerlate nightnightlifewineries, breweries & distilleriesfood & drink specialseventsevents calendarlive music+submit an eventhotelsall lodginghotels, motels & resortsnear albany airportextended stayinns and b&bspet friendlycampgrounds & rvlodging near albanydeals & specialsbusinesshome improvementreal estatemeetings & event planninglocal & community servicesprofessional & b2bfinancial serviceshealth & medicaleducation & learningtransportation & toursjobsguideswinter guidevalentine's day guidehotspotswedding guidewhat's newview alladvertise with usenter giveaways









discover winter fun 







find fun albany events, the best restaurants, hotels & things to do!



view the valentine's day guide from gift ideas to romantic restaurants to lodging suggestions, explore the valentine's day guide. find indoor fun escape the cold with indoor fun around albany, from activities and entertainment to museums and more. see what's new in albany stay up to date on what's new in albany and the capital region with business openings and more. check out places to eat satisfy your cravings for delicious food while you're in the capital region and stop by a local restaurant.  






























featured articles
valentine's day restaurant specialsplanning to dine out this february 14? browse albany area restaurant specials for valentine's day.explore the new york state museumwinter is the perfect time to discover all the culture, history, and art at the new york state museum.see the snowless itineraryif there's no snow there's no problem, because there's still plenty to do in albany in the winter!plan for the best winter eventsdiscover all the best winter events in and around albany, from a soup stroll to chowderfest to an ice bar!






more to explore


things to do this weekend ready for the weekend in albany and the capital region? find out about all of the best events and things to do! book an albany hotel need a place to stay in the albany area? book a room at one of these top hotels! weddings get all the resources you need to help you plan the perfect capital region wedding. traffic cams find out how your commute looks using our array of regional traffic cameras. 












explore albany, schenectady and troy ny
looking for business and tourism information? hotels? restaurants and pubs? local services? look no further than albany.com, offering both residents and visitors an authoritative guide to the vibrant and historic capital region area. discover a variety of great events for every age and taste. visit the area's many hotspots and entertainment venues. whether you're planning a night out with friends, a weekend with family, or visiting the region from out of town, there's always something to do and see.
				experience albany today! 














spotlight
arts & cultureexplore albany's arts and culture scene at local galleries, museums, and historic sites.hot dealsuse these exclusive coupons to save on activities, restaurants, and more.lodging specialstake advantage of lodging specials, and save when you stay in albany.






upcoming eventsempire ''skate'' plazaalbany sports card, memorabilia & tcg showfree wedding expo - desmond-crowne plaza hotelsiena saints men's basketball vs. niagara university purple eagles men's basketballalbany firewolves vs. philadelphia wingssiena saints men's basketball vs. canisius university men's basketball2025 schenectady county restaurant weektroy night out: hot chocolate strollhannaford kidz expo 2025siena saints men's basketball vs. fairfield stags men's basketballalbany firewolves vs. georgia swarmalbany firewolves vs. buffalo bandits2025 capital region flower & garden expo2025 ny eck soul adventure seminar: discover the divinity within you - taking the next step to spiritual mastery2025 helderberg to hudson half marathoncapital wine festival - albanyalbany firewolves vs. san diego seals2025 albany tulip festivalniska-day in schenectady2025 alive at five summer concert seriesview all events













			get the scoop on giveaways and events
		

















sign up 













						connect with us
					
follow, like and subscribe to albany.com on social media












account sign in
submit a press release
submit an event
join student contributor program





home
places to stay
things to do


food & drink
events
real estate








businesses
guides
contact us


blogs
sweepstakes
advertising






















sitemap








































full-service internet marketing: search engine optimization, website design and development by mannix marketing, inc.
				mannix marketing, inc. is headquartered near albany in glens falls, new york

		albany.com all rights reserved © 2025
disclaimer & privacy policy /
			terms of use /
			copyright policies


		we strive to insure accuracy on albany.com however accuracy cannot be guaranteed. information is subject to change.
please alert us if there is any inaccurate information here.
	

		having trouble using this site? accessibility is our goal, please contact us with site improvements.
	










