






friday harbor travel guide | san juan island - washington



































































your travel guide for all things friday harbor & san juan island




a northwest treasure™

































































this is a northwest treasure made up of more than just peaceful landscapes, diverse wildlife and pristine harbors. san juan island is filled with farmers, artists, chefs and makers of all kinds. it is curated with adventure, good taste, local charm and a respect for the stunning surroundings. if you are interested in visiting, you are in the right place. here, we have gathered the essentials and more importantly - the unique, the exceptional and our selective editor's picks.



editor's picks



lodging












credit // discovery inn





guests rave about the discovery inn's friendly customer service and comfortable rooms. with its unique park-like setting, year round jacuzzi and affordable rates it is a fantastic value.




    more info
  



dining












credit // shan foisy, soup standard





sasha and lee hilderman have run this friday harbor gem for 15 years. they continue to travel the world and come back inspired.




    more info
  



activities












credit // discovery sea kayaks





join discovery kayak for a serene evening along the shores of san juan island. a perfect romantic adventure best paired with a bottle wine at the end.




    more info
  

 

selected itineraries



family












credit // dana roseanna, flickr 





there's no better place for a vacation in the northwest with the whole family. from picnics and beachcombing to art workshops and ice cream cones, san juan island is chock full of activities to keep you and the little ones happy all day.




    learn more
  



outdoors












credit // shan foisy, soup standard





abounding with natural beauty, san juan island provides seemingly endless opportunities for exploration. the island is especially known for its aquatic activities, but it is also a great place for hiking, biking or simply strolling.




    learn more
  

 

rainy












credit // jonathan miske





you're in the northwest after all and we're known for our unexpected rain! despite close to 300 days of sunshine a year, san juan island is still a perfect host for those rainy weekends when you want to get away. our culture will bring the sunshine so zip up your rain jacket and go for it.




    learn more
  



romantic












credit // shan foisy, soup standard





meant for two, this getaway includes secluded beaches for sunset strolls, intimate dining and daytime adventures that will make your other couple friends envious.




    learn more
  

 

agricultural












credit // joshua delung





san juan island is much more than beautiful scenery. the island houses a community of artisans, farmers & crafters. you would be missing out if you didn't see and sample what is made, grown, raised, distilled, sheared and shucked here!




    learn more
  



historic












credit // ryan harvey





san juan island's history is as rich as its scenery is beautiful - and you don't have to be a history buff to appreciate it. early farmsteads, limekilns from the late 1800's, lighthouses and even a war over the death of a pig are just a few of the exciting historical sites and events you'll uncover.




    learn more
  







 


 


 
 


copyright © 2016 fridayharbor.com | design concept by soup standard | contact: editor@fridayharbor.com





 



