home | generic names supporting organization   sorry, you need to enable javascript to visit this website.   skip to main content       search search acronym helperif you're reading an icann document and cannot understand an acronym, type it here. acronym helper knows more than 400 acronyms, and will instantly show what the initials stand for. you'll find this helper on every page of gnso.icann.org.if you are a member of the community and want to suggest an acronym for the helper please email your suggestion to start@icann.org       main menu ☰ menu  home about gnso council stakeholder groups and constituencies board appointees nomcom appointees policy staff how to participate other icann structures gnso structure archive council activities consensus policies correspondence drafts and working documents elections presentations procedures program management tools suite resolutions group activities calendar active projects other activities mailing lists projects list completed projects quick info news gnso news flash announcements newsletters gnso policy briefing: icann meeting editions pdp updates public comments videos / photos community digest basics what does icann do? gnso 101 gnso policy development introduction dns infrastructure basics learning on icann.org icann glossary       quick info pdp workspaces briefings & documents education gnso council gnso calendar library quick info for: gnso council members quick info for: working group members quick info for: newcomers working group workspaces translateannouncementsexpression of interest - gnso latin script diacritics policy development process working group and working group chair03 january 2025expression of interest – gnso nominated member of the fellowship selection committee18 december 2024expression of interest – gnso nominated mentor for the icann fellowship program18 december 2024updated: expression of interest - gnso nominated mentor for the icann fellowship program03 january 2024see all   new gnso policy briefing publishedthe gnso policy briefing is produced by icann's policy staff supporting the gnso. it is drafted specifically in preparation for icann meetings to provide the community with concise background information on all relevant gnso policy efforts. apply now for icann leadership positionsstarting today, the nominating committee (nomcom) of the internet corporation for assigned names and numbers (icann) is accepting applications for key leadership positions within icann's supporting organizations and advisory committees, public technical identifiers (pti), and the icann board of directors.selected individuals will have a unique opportunity to work with accomplished colleagues from around the globe to help shape the policy development and technical coordination of the internet's unique identifiers. implementation of pdp 3.0rafik dammak and flip petillion provided examples of the proposed implementation for some pdp 3.0 improvements, including the ones related to how the icann community participate in gnso working groups and use a complaint process to resolve disagreements. participate in the pdp 3.0 webinar on 9 december at 13:00 utc to learn more. new policy development process updates publishedthe policy development process (pdp) updates provides handy one-page overviews of all the gnso’s pdps that are currently underway. you can download individual updates or a collated version of all updates. enroll for free in new gnso online courseas part of the icann learn platform, a new gnso course is now available. the course is aimed mostly at newcomers but also serves veterans to refresh their knowledge. topics covered include: 'the gnso stakeholder groups and constituencies', the gnso's policy development process, and 'how to keep up-to-date with the gnso'.01234  subscribe to  gnso calendarfull calendar view quick links to:gnso policy briefingactive projects / groups / teamscouncil activitiesicann community wiki     footer menu home about gnso council stakeholder groups and constituencies board appointees nomcom appointees policy staff how to participate other icann structures gnso structure archive council activities consensus policies correspondence drafts and working documents elections presentations procedures program management tools suite resolutions group activities calendar active projects other activities mailing lists projects list completed projects quick info news gnso news flash announcements newsletters gnso policy briefing: icann meeting editions pdp updates public comments videos / photos community digest basics what does icann do? gnso 101 gnso policy development introduction dns infrastructure basics learning on icann.org icann glossary comments concerning the layout, construction and functionality of this site should be sent to webmaster [at] gnso.icann.org© 2018 the internet corporation for assigned names and numbers. all rights reserved    privacy policy  terms of service   cookies policy a note about our privacy policies and terms of service:  we have updated our privacy policies and certain website terms of service to provide greater transparency, promote simplification, and align with recent changes in privacy laws applicable to us. learn more. this site uses cookies to deliver an efficient user experience and to help us see how the site is used. learn more.ok 