

welcome to cccs of san francisco































 











 















cccs of san francisco is a non-profit service and a member of the association of independent consumer credit counseling agencies (aiccca). we are accredited by the council on accreditation of services for families and children, inc. and are certified by the united states department of housing and urban development (hud) to provide comprehensive housing counseling services.  
with over 200 employees, our staff includes bas, mas, jds, msws, certified financial planners and certified credit report reviewers. 

















today,
      with more financial obligations and many financial options, money
      management may seem difficult and confusing at times. we, at consumer
      credit counseling service, can help you balance life's financial
      demands. we've been providing money management information and
      assistance since 1969.

      if you are experiencing money troubles, call us at 800.777.7526 or email
        us. whatever your circumstances, we'll provide you with the objective
      advice you need to take control of your finances and relieve the stress caused
      by bill problems.
whether you need
          immediate help to pay off debt and
          avoid bankruptcy or guidance in designing
            a spending & savings plan or buying
              a first home, we offer a variety of programs
                and services that put you in control of your financial
          future. 
although we are
        based in san francisco, we serve consumers nationwide by phone
        or internet. to meet the growing need for our services, our organization
    is expanding rapidly. 






discover just the right home for you, at an incredible price at rockwell.
              new homes with modern design and amenities and best of all-affordability. don't miss this opportunity to own your first home
			  















surviving the financial crisis
                have you lost your job or had your hours cut? are you worried about
                paying your mortgage? if so, you are not alone. currently, millions of
                americans are struggling to make ends meet. the following articles
                provide information to help you survive the financial crisis.











housing education program
                hep is a division of cccs, and a hud approved housing counseling agency, and is recognized by fannie mae, freddie mac, and local and national lenders for our excellence in meeting the diverse housing needs.






financial education
learning about money is as important as earning it. just about everyone could learn more about how to manage income, handle a budget, read a credit report, buy a house, and achieve their economic goals.






workshop calendar
cccs offers free money mangement and housing workshops throughout the sf bay area. learn about various financial topics, from how to apply for a mortgage to the basics of financial planning.






privacy
    policy _|_© 2019 cccs of san francisco






