






homeopathic medicine store | sm homeopathic pharmacy































  


homeopathic medicine store | sm homeopathic pharmacy

























we ship our products worldwide. free domestic shipping on orders over $175. 






629 broadway santa monica, ca 90401







quick order
account
login












item#
how many boxes?


















add to cart
more items
















toggle navigation





















home
shop by


shop by brand
shop by password protected brands
shop by product
shop by concern or ailment


adrenals
bladder (urinary)
brain
heart
kidneys
liver / gallbladder
lungs (breathing)
lymphatic
ovaries / uterus
pancreas
parathyroid
prostate
spleen
thyroid





contact


about us


about us
board certified staff
press
testimonials


donations














 






shop homeopathicsupplement professionalproduct lines andbrands
shop now







trending products
























xymogen b activ

	        	            $48.99	        		    


















xymogen k2-d3 5000 120 capsules

	        	            $58.99	        		    


















xymogen k2-d3 5000

	        	            $39.99	        		    


















xymogen methyl protect

	        	            $43.99	        		    


















xymogen probiomax daily df 30b

	        	            $50.99	        		    


















xymogen zinc glycinate

	        	            $28.99	        		    


















xymogen opticleanse ghi vanilla delight sugar- & stevia-free 10 servings

	        	            $64.99	        		    


















xymogen optimag neuro

	        	            $74.99	        		    











shop by health concern







women's health
shop now







children's health
shop now







men's health
shop now







skincare beauty aids
shop now







essential oils
shop now







cold and flu
shop now







listed by product name
shop now







listed by company
shop now










homeopathic remedies, integrative and alternative holistic medicine
authorized healthcare provider
founded in 1944, the santa monica homeopathic pharmacy is a small family business dedicated to serving the health needs of our community. our staff exists to provide knowledge
read more








 


3 reasons
to shop from santa monica homeopathic pharmacy for all of your homeopathic supplement needs










largest supply ofhomeopathics
over the years, the products and services we offer have expanded. in addition to homeopathic remedies from around the world, we offer western and chinese herbs, vitamins, minerals, glandulars and amino acids, a variety of interesting books, tasty teas, aromatherapy, quality skin care products, and unique gift items.
to meet the needs of our customers we have added staff with knowledge and education in homeopathy, nutrition, western herbs, chinese herbs, acupuncture, and chiropractic philosophies.











hypoallergenic andsolvent free vitamins
we care about what you put in your body. this is why we only supply vitamins that we would take for our health. your journey toward optimum health starts by partnering with your trusted healthcare pharmacy. health-care pharmacies rely on superior ingredients, innovative formulations, and hypoallergenic products. it takes this combination to get great results from your supplements without any long-term negative effects.
we do our best to scrutinize our products for allergenic fillers, binders, or lubricants. even the most sensitive allergy patient can use many of our products. with our pure, effective supplements, we can help you live well, naturally.











board qualified staff
placing people before profits and integrity before income. to accomplish this, we invest about 30% of our income in salaries so that we can employ and keep the finest board-certified staff and consultants available. the industry average is 13%.
knowledge, care, integrity, and service are the standards we have established so that we can continue to enhance the lives of individuals. our board-certified staff and consultants continue to provide information and products that enable our customers to live a better life and take responsibility for their health care.










complimentary
health careconsultations
we offer in-store or by email consultations with a licensed healthcare professional. when necessary, this consultation can include a complimentary symptom survey that will indicate which systems in the body are involved with your symptoms or disease.
contact us














local services



delivery via same-day courier service


free consultations


mail order


recycle program


in store demos

 
health news letter












give the gift of natural health

×



given the recent fires impacting our customers in the pacific palisades and malibu areas, santa monica homeopathic pharmacy is here to help those who have lost their homes. click “donate” if you would like to join our efforts to help and use coupon code helpers10 for 10% off any order after you make your donation.


donate
 

close








covid-19 online support & drive-up service

we would like you to visit and see what we do, but we do know that parking in santa monica can be difficult at times or you might just be on the go.
call us at (310) 395-1131 and request our drive-up service. we can charge your credit card and bring out your package when you arrive.
just call us when you pull into our special parking stall for this service.
a pharmacy like no other with families that passed down the news to their children about what we do.
thank you for the past 75 years of support. 






health products

women's health
children's health
men's health
skin care beauty aids
essential oils
cold & flu

listed by company
shop by product

hypoallergenic and solvent free

gofundme




navigation

home
events
about us
blog
gift certificates
shop by concern 
hipaa disclaimer
contact us
site map
shipping policy 
coronavirus disease (covid-19) 
privacy policy
terms & conditions





our location
physical building address:
629 broadwaysanta monica, ca 90401phone: (310) 395-1131


social media





good health movies & documentaries 




pharmacy hours
monday - saturday 9:00 to 5:00sunday closed






subscribe







 
















© 1944 -  santa monica homeopathic pharmacy. all rights reserved.


website created by:  digital design solutions





















































