



 






















assisted living facilities guide | top assisted living communities



























































we’ve updated our privacy policy.









contact us | log out







					talk to local advisor for free 866-567-2055



contact us | log out






— main menu —find assisted living
top assisted living facilities
how we work
resources
 

find assisted living
top assisted living facilities
how we work
resources




















find the best assisted living near you
the easiest way to compare costs, amenities & care services.


*location 






search





please continue to see your results.


*full name 







*email 





*phone 







                        search                        




            by clicking search, you agree to our terms of use. you also consent to receive calls and texts, which may be autodialed, from us and our customer communities. your consent is not a condition to using our service. please visit our privacy policy for information about our privacy practices.        

























 




find and compare assisted living facilities
get free expert guidance on choosing the right senior housing from a local senior living advisor. our compassionate advisors will work with you to understand your loved one's needs and help you find the best assisted living options for your unique needs and budget. our advisors live in the region they serve and can offer you an unbiased, insider's view on local communities. 


top cities for assisted living
 assisted living in albuquerque
 assisted living in atlanta
 assisted living in austin
 assisted living in brooklyn
 assisted living in charlotte
 assisted living in chicago
 assisted living in cincinnati
 assisted living in dallas
 assisted living in denver

 assisted living in fresno
assisted living in houston
 assisted living in indianapolis
 assisted living in long island
 assisted living in los angeles
 assisted living in milwaukee
 assisted living in nashville
 assisted living in philadelphia
 assisted living in phoenix
 assisted living in pittsburgh

 assisted living in portland
 assisted living in sacramento
 assisted living in salt lake city
 assisted living in san antonio
 assisted living in san diego
assisted living in san jose
 assisted living in scottsdale
 assisted living in seattle
 assisted living in tucson
top canadian cities for assisted living
assisted living in calgary
assisted living in edmonton


assisted living in ottawa
assisted living in toronto

assisted living in vancouver
assisted living in winnipeg

featured senior living

          

what is the cost of assisted living?
the 2012 national average cost for a private one-bedroom apartment in an assisted living residence is $3,300 per month, according to research compiled by several nonprofit senior living organizations, including the assisted living federation of america. assisted living is often less expensive than home health or nursing home care in the same geographic area.  find assisted living costs in your state.
which facility is right for your family? 
there are over 36,000 assisted living communities in the united states providing a broad range of services, activities, and amenities - how do you find the right community for you or your loved one? our experienced experts can help you evaluate what level of care you need and match you to an appropriate assisted living facility. a local expert near you is waiting to discuss what your options are and when is the right time to plan your move.
what is assisted living?
assisted living is a type of senior housing that allows elderly residents to lead more active, independent lives than they can in traditional nursing homes. assisted living if for seniors who need help with daily activities, such as dressing, cooking, cleaning or bathing - but are otherwise mobile and independent. for those with mild cognitive impairment, assisted living is often a better option than a memory care facility because it allows them to remain as independent as possible. call our local experts to discuss when and how to find the best assisting living solution. 


 






						we are paid by our participating communities, therefore our service is offered at no charge to families.
privacy policy
                | terms of use

                |  do not sell my personal information

                |  contact us at a place for mom
 

						© 2023 a place for mom, inc. all rights reserved. assistedliving.com is a website of a place for mom, inc.					



 
 







 































please ensure javascript is enabled for purposes of website accessibility


