


westport, ma real estate - alden hill group





















alden
              hill group - william raveis 


serving
                the south coast communities of massachusetts and rhode island.
 
911
              main road 
          westport, ma 02790 


(508)
                636-0600
 



land
                  for sale, houses for sale, homes for sale, farms for sale,
                  antique houses for sale, property for sale in westport
                  ma,
                  dartmouth ma, little
                  compton ri, and tiverton
                  ri. view our homes for sale, waterfront property and vacation
                  homes for sale in westport
                  mass, dartmouth
                  mass, little
                  compton rhode island, and tiverton rhode island. our realtors
                  will help you find real estate in westport
                  massachusetts, dartmouth massachusetts, little compton
                  and tiverton rhode island. allow our real estate brokers to
                  find your dream home or farm in the southcoast communities
                  of westport
                  massachusetts, south dartmouth and north dartmouth massachusetts.
                  the south coast communities of massachusetts including dartmouth
                  and westport have many historic
                  points of interest.








































alden hill group's
        westport office at william raveis real estate










  


























 

welcome 
            to our site. 
              thank you for visiting with us on the web. we have worked very hard 
              to establish a respected presence within our community, and would 
              like to share our experience with you, if you are considering a 
              real estate transaction in our area. westport and the surrounding 
              communities of dartmouth, little compton, and tiverton are an exciting 
              mix of farms, rivers, seashore, and stone walls – all contributing 
              to an improved quality of life, and an enthusiasm by those who have 
              discovered our special area.
navigating 
                    real estate’s complex world. finding a property 
                    that suits your needs, or selling one and all that that entails, 
                    including title 5 and septic systems, land use and development, 
                    and local community knowledge – whatever your needs, we can 
                    help. find 
              your dream home now!

bringing professionalism to the profession 
                of real estate. we pride ourselves in proficient 
                    customer service with buyers and in successful representation and 
                    closings for sellers. our willingness to work hard has positioned 
                    us as westport’s leading real estate office, and enabled us 
                    to provide you with outstanding market expertise. got a question? 
                ask suzanne and the alden hill sales 
              team!
the 
              home of westport real estate

































join our
 everythingwestport email alert list!
email:  























 for email marketing you can trust
 






















 
westport 
          watercolors by local artists betsy douglas macdonald and sarah b. desjardins








about 
              us | buyers | sellers 
              | featured/listings | properties 
                  sold | related links | contact 
                    us | home 
link resources
      ©2004-2018 alden hill group all rights reserved.










web 
        design by jon w. alden | developed 
        for alden hill group 








contact 
      the alden hill group team and let our real estate brokers and agents help 
      you buy or sell your next home, condo, house, property, farm, antique house 
      or land in the historic southcoast communities of westport mass, dartmouth 
      mass, little compton rhode island, and tiverton rhode island. alden hill 
      will find you land for sale, houses for sale, property for sale in westport 
      ma, dartmouth ma, little compton ri, and tiverton ri. with our mls services 
      you can review all homes for sale, waterfront property for sale, and vacation 
      homes for sale in westport massachusetts, dartmouth massachusetts, little 
      compton rhode island, and tiverton rhode island utilizing an mls exclusive 
      new listing alert. find town office and school information, and photo essays 
      of real estate, community events, and scenic views in westport massachusetts, 
      north dartmouth massachusetts, south dartmouth massachusetts, little compton 
      and tiverton rhode island. sign up now to receive new listings of all land 
      and houses for sale from the multiple listings service available to you, 
      including homes and commercial properties for sale. our real estate brokers 
      and agents will be happy to assist you in buying or selling land, houses, 
      homes, condos, vacation homes, waterfront properties, waterview properties, 
      and commercial properties in the historic south coast communities of westport 
      massachusetts, dartmouth massachusetts, little compton rhode island, and 
      tiverton rhode island. please allow our realtors to give you a tour of all 
      land, antique houses, farms, and homes for sale in the coastal villages 
      of southeastern massachusetts and rhode island.

























