






employee & employement screening | tenant background check | credit checks







employment screening





learn more



















tenant screening





learn more



















fast easy sign up, no software to download, no set up fees or membership fees.












			register nowits free 










 

online employee screening & tenant screening
registration is free (no hidden, monthly or yearly fees)





welcome to simplescreening.com, your primary source for quality employee screening, and tenant screening.
simplescreening.com is proud to offer a variety of screening solutions tailored to meet your employment and rental demands. our goal is to provide you with simple, accurate, and easy to read screening reports.
simplescreening.com offers reports online instantly!


welcome to simple screening

instant credit reports
instant eviction searches
instant criminal reports
instant ssn verification
driving records (24 - 72 hours)
on site county criminal report (24 - 72 hours)
employment verification (24 - 72 hours)
education verification (1 - 72 hours)
landlord verification (1 - 72 hours)













		sign up now!			





















 




login			



username:





password:



















				submit			















 


















				homepage		























			contact us			























			employment screening			























		tenant screening		























		related articles		























		about us			























			register now		
















simplescreening.com provides background checks: credit reports, criminal reports, landlord verifications, employment verifications, education verifications, eviction reports.  we are nationwide provider of employment screening and tenant screening services.  our tenant screening and employment screening services provide clients with affordable and comprehensive screening solutions designed to safeguard their business / employers or property owners and landlords.
simplescreening.com offers the industry's fastest turnaround time with our web-based tenant screening and employment screening solutions are available anytime from anywhere. our background checks, credit reports, criminal reports, eviction reports are simple and easy to read. with our fast turn around time, this means you can verify your tenants and employees application and qualifications quickly and avoid losing them to another company or property.
with our  tenant screening and employment screening services, you will always have access to credit reports, background checks, criminal records, and eviction reports that are internet-delivered in an easy to read format with secure password protection. simplescreening.com enables you to order and receive sensitive information regarding tenants and employee in a matter of seconds from any computer with a standard internet connection.




home | 
about us |
employment screening |
tenant screening |
contact |
register now |
forms |
privacy statement |
links |
in the news|








