     gmc dealership in saginaw mi | serving saginaw and alma | mcdonald gmc                                                                           mcdonald gmc             sales 989-319-4136    service 989-319-4144  collision 989-790-5093      5155 state stsaginaw, mi 48603                                           service        map        contact                      mcdonald gmc                 call 989-319-4136   directions                      new   new vehicles   book vip appointment   reserve incoming units   value your trade   sell us your vehicle   model research   shop click drive   lease return center   hummer ev   2024 gmc sierra hd   2024 gmc terrain     used   pre-owned vehicles   used under $15,000   high mpg   sell us your vehicle   value your trade   find my car   certified pre-owned     specials   virtual tent sale   service & parts specials   national offers   facebook special   pre-owned specials   service specials     finance   finance department   fill out an application   value your trade   privacy policy   gmc protection     service    schedule service   accessories   tire finder   order parts online   our dealership   service department   technician careers   gm accessories     collision   dealership   dealership   like us on facebook!   meet our staff   contact us   hours & directions   mcdonald research   mcdonald chevrolet   mcdonald cadillac   mcdonald gmc     gm owner   gm owner   gmc owner center   career technician                      home   new   new vehicles   book vip appointment   reserve incoming units   value your trade   sell us your vehicle   model research   shop click drive   lease return center   hummer ev   2024 gmc sierra hd   2024 gmc terrain     used   pre-owned vehicles   used under $15,000   high mpg   sell us your vehicle   value your trade   find my car   certified pre-owned     specials   virtual tent sale   service & parts specials   national offers   facebook special   pre-owned specials   service specials     finance   finance department   fill out an application   value your trade   privacy policy   gmc protection     service    schedule service   accessories   tire finder   order parts online   our dealership   service department   technician careers   gm accessories     collision   dealership   dealership   like us on facebook!   meet our staff   contact us   hours & directions   mcdonald research   mcdonald chevrolet   mcdonald cadillac   mcdonald gmc     gm owner   gm owner   gmc owner center   career technician               










inventory search

     shop by vehicle   vehicles available        vehicle      keyword      budget              type  all new used certified    make  any make    model  any model       reset search   search reset         search              minimum price    maximum price   minimum value cannot be greater than maximum.       search   reset         




                                                                                                                   important information          important information          important information          important information          important information                                                              







search new










search used





     search new inventory     search used inventory        shopping tools
mcdonald gmc in saginaw is your trusted gmc dealer. let us help making your shopping experience easier. you're one step closer to your new vehicle with our easy to use shopping tools. 






 get
approved








 schedule
service








 view
specials




         our vehicles  see our full lineup of vehicles and find the one that best fits you.       canyon      sierra 1500      sierra hd      terrain      acadia      yukon      savana passenger      savana cargo      savana cutaway    explore all new inventory         


schedule test drive
get behind the wheel and book your next test drive.
schedule test drive





certified pre-owned
browse our inventory of certified pre-owned vehicles.
search certified



      

gmc service
certified service experts can help
we have different services that we offer for your vehicle, ranging from oil change, batteries, tires, brake service, fluids etc. if you are in saginaw or the surrounding areas and need a thorough service for your vehicle, then come on over to the best auto repair service provider that you can trust.
schedule service
service & parts specials


       
     


2025
sierra 1500
from the hardworking pro and the well-equipped slt to the off-road ready at4 and the luxurious denali ultimate, there’s a gmc sierra 1500 pickup truck ready to help you take on whatever lies ahead.
view inventory






     



serving midland, beecher, and bay city customers
mcdonald gmc in saginaw, mi
at mcdonald gmc in saginaw, mi, we work hard to help you find exactly what you've been looking for. we not only offer sales but also assure brilliant after-sales services for your vehicle. whether midland, bay city, or beecher drivers looking for an suv or truck, our friendly and experienced team members are here to help guide you through the process of selecting your next vehicle.




                                 










    sales hours         monday 9:00am - 8:00pm    tuesday 9:00am - 6:00pm     wednesday 9:00am - 6:00pm    thursday 9:00am - 8:00pm    friday 9:00am - 6:00pm    saturday 9:00am - 3:00pm    sunday closed  lunch at noon -1pm       service hours         monday 7:30am - 5:30pm    tuesday 7:30am - 5:30pm     wednesday 7:30am - 5:30pm    thursday 7:30am - 5:30pm    friday 7:30am - 5:30pm    saturday 8:00am - 2:00pm    sunday closed  you break it we fix it       parts hours         monday 7:30am - 5:30pm    tuesday 7:30am - 5:30pm     wednesday 7:30am - 5:30pm    thursday 7:30am - 5:30pm    friday 7:30am - 5:30pm    saturday 8:00am - 1:00pm    sunday closed        

     




a flint, midland, and bay city vehicle source - mcdonald gmc in saginaw

are you in the market for a new vehicle you can trust? look no further! at mcdonald gmc in saginaw, mi, we work hard to help you find exactly what you've been looking for. we not only offer sales but also provide brilliant after-sales services for your vehicle. whether midland, bay city, owosso, or flint drivers are looking for an suv or truck, our friendly and experienced team members at our dealership are here to help guide you through the process of selecting your next vehicle. we will ensure that you will have a great experience with us. bay city and midland, mi gmc customers our dealership can serve as your one-stop shop for all your vehicle needs. contact us and we'll be happy to arrange a meeting at your convenience. besides serving our saginaw customers, we also proudly serve burton, midland, bay city, and beecher, mi gmc drivers.


serving beecher, bay city, and midland, mi gmc customers - service and repair center in saginaw

along with its selection of new and used vehicles, mcdonald gmc in saginaw near burton is home to one of the area's largest collision centers, which is staffed with experts, and equipped with the latest and greatest technology. it's all here to assist midland, bay city, beecher, and burton, mi gmc drivers, whenever an accident happens. free loaners are offered through the shop, and when you bring your vehicle for service, we'll readily provide you with a temporary vehicle. we treat the requirements of each customer with paramount concern. midland, bay city, flint, and beecher shoppers can visit our saginaw gmc service department today and our friendly staff will assist them further! we are your one-stop shop. bay city and midland drivers can also visit our saginaw, mi dealership.


trucks & suvs available near midland, beecher, and bay city, mi at mcdonald gmc in saginaw

everything customers have always wanted from local dealerships is just around the corner at our dealership near owosso, bay city, and midland. we, at mcdonald gmc, have an extensive selection of new and used trucks and suvs in saginaw. our customer satisfaction report speaks for itself as we believe in catering to our clients with the utmost professionalism. give us a call today to learn more or stop by to browse from our inventory in person. bay city, midland, flint, and beecher gmc shoppers can contact the sales team, at our dealership, with questions and we will happily assist them! they are always ready to help you understand your vehicle-related needs. bay city and midland, mi-based customers can come to mcdonald gmc and see the difference.


new and used vehicles for saginaw, bay city, midland, and burton, mi gmc drivers

when it comes to new or used vehicle dealers near bay city, we, at mcdonald gmc, know that many people can become overwhelmed and worried about what's to come. a vehicle is a valuable investment, and you want to leave feeling that your time and money were both well spent. therefore, our saginaw dealership aims to provide bay city, midland, and burton, mi gmc customers with a buyer's experience that will leave their feeling glad they trusted us with their business. our inventory is second to none! our showroom in saginaw has a large selection of vehicles available for flint, burton, beecher, and midland gmc customers to test drive any time they stop in to see us. financing options are available as well to help ease your mind and your wallet. customers from bay city and midland, mi will be glad to know that at our gmc store, vehicles experience a detailed check before being put up for purchase, and that is not it.






                      copyright © 2025 by dealeron | sitemap | privacy | mcdonald gmc | 5155 state st, saginaw, mi 48603 | sales: 989-319-4136              



















                    