







emilio segrè visual archives | aip.dgicloud.com
























































skip to main content








toggle navigation










home
browse
about
 










 



 search term
search





  






emilio segrè visual archives







created date


    2021  
   - 
  
    2023  


  (years)





 filter



specify date range: showformat: 2025/02/18 from
 to
 filter



is member of



fedora (147)

add to search remove from search 


info (147)

add to search remove from search 


infofedoranblasegr (147)

add to search remove from search 


nbla (147)

add to search remove from search 


segr (147)

add to search remove from search 




resource type



imag (5)

add to search remove from search 


still (5)

add to search remove from search 






 

browse repository
emilio segrè visual archives
 
emilio segrè visual archives





description



 we are currently migrating the repository to a new and improved site, which we expect to have online in january 2025. this is a transitional site, and we are aware of the issues with the search functionalities. we are happy to help you find what you need or answer any questions. please email us at nbl@aip.org. search our collection of more than 30,000 historical digital images, photographs, slides, lithographs, engravings, drawings and other visual materials. the collection is richest in portraits and snapshots of modern american physicists, astronomers and geophysicists but includes many other scientists as well as photos and illustrations of laboratories, telescopes, accelerators and other instruments, objects and places. the collection is named in honor of emilio segrè, best known for his nobel prize-winning work in nuclear and high-energy physics, but also an avid photographer and author of books on the history of modern physics. for information on our use policy, please see our website: https://www.aip.org/history-programs/niels-bohr-library/rules-use-and-publication for information about how to navigate the emilio segrè visual archives, how to download images, and how to determine the copyright status of an image, please check out our blog https://www.aip.org/history-programs/niels-bohr-library/ex-libris-universum/guide-esva-islandora to limit search results to photographs, select the resource type "imag" or "still".  

 


- select bookmark list -my default list islandora bookmark lists
 add to bookmark





1 to 24 of 147 objectssort by:label 
created date 








in collectionsdigital collections 
 
we are currently migrating the repository to a new and improved site, which we expect to have online in january 2025. this is a transitional site, and we are aware of the issues with the search functionalities. we are happy to help you find what you need or answer any questions. please email us at nbl@aip.org.
search our collection of more than 30,000 historical digital images, photographs, slides, lithographs, engravings, drawings and other visual materials. the collection is richest in portraits and snapshots of modern american physicists, astronomers and geophysicists but includes many other scientists as well as photos and illustrations of laboratories, telescopes, accelerators and other instruments, objects and places.
the collection is named in honor of emilio segrè, best known for his nobel prize-winning work in nuclear and high-energy physics, but also an avid photographer and author of books on the history of modern physics.
for information on our use policy, please see our website: https://www.aip.org/history-programs/niels-bohr-library/rules-use-and-pu...
for information about how to navigate the emilio segrè visual archives, how to download images, and how to determine the copyright status of an image, please check out our blog https://www.aip.org/history-programs/niels-bohr-library/ex-libris-univer...
to limit search results to photographs, select the resource type "imag" or "still".



details



          mods_abstract_ms        

we are currently migrating the repository to a new and improved site, which we expect to have online in january 2025. this is a transitional site, and we are aware of the issues with the search functionalities. we are happy to help you find what you need or answer any questions. please email us at nbl@aip.org. search our collection of more than 30,000 historical digital images, photographs, slides, lithographs, engravings, drawings and other visual materials. the collection is richest in portraits and snapshots of modern american physicists, astronomers and geophysicists but includes many other scientists as well as photos and illustrations of laboratories, telescopes, accelerators and other instruments, objects and places. the collection is named in honor of emilio segrè, best known for his nobel prize-winning work in nuclear and high-energy physics, but also an avid photographer and author of books on the history of modern physics. for information on our use policy, please see our website: https://www.aip.org/history-programs/niels-bohr-library/rules-use-and-pu... for information about how to navigate the emilio segrè visual archives, how to download images, and how to determine the copyright status of an image, please check out our blog https://www.aip.org/history-programs/niels-bohr-library/ex-libris-univer... to limit search results to photographs, select the resource type "imag" or "still".


          title        

emilio segrè visual archives


          collection        

info:fedora/nbla:root








1
2
3
4
5
…
next
last





 

1993 linear collider workshop collection 



 

african physical society founding collection 



 

aip gallery of member society presidents 



 

aip staff and leadership collection 



 

alan white collection 



 

american geophysical union (agu) collection 



 

a.n. gerritsen collection 



 

aristid v. grosse collection 



 

armbruster collection 



 

bainbridge collection 



 

barton collection 



 

berlincourt collection 



 

bloembergen collection 



 

blustine collection 



 

born collection 



 

bozorth collection 



 

brattain collection 



 

bromley collection 



 

clayton collection 



 

crane-randall collection 



 

danburg collection 



 

darrow collection 



 

dehmelt collection 



 

divens collection 



1
2
3
4
5
…
next
last







 




   




login
contact
about



niels bohr library & archives
aip
aip china
aip publishing








