


indiana medicaid: home




















































in.gov



an official website of the indiana state government


 accessibility
                        settings


language translation




 governor mike braun







                        indiana medicaid                     
                        












menu





top faqs




top faqs











  indiana medicaid home



members


providers


partners






  close menu
    









welcome to indiana medicaid
welcome to indiana medicaid. on this site, you can learn about the different medicaid programs and how to apply. check out our eligibility guide to learn about eligibility for certain programs and see if you may qualify.

cost-share restart begins july 1, for hip, chip and medworks members. learn more here.










members
if you are an indiana health coverage programs member or are interested in applying to become a member, please click here.





providers
if you are an indiana health coverage programs provider or are interested in becoming an indiana medicaid provider, please click here.





business partners
if you are an indiana health coverage programs business partner (such as a managed care entity, trading partner, or contractor), please click here.








if you use assistive technology (such as a braille reader, a screen reader or tty) and the format of any material on this website interferes with your ability to access information, please contact us at this link. if you have a complaint about web accessibility or print communications in accessible formats, you may also contact us via this link. to enable us to respond in a manner most helpful to you, please indicate the nature of your accessibility issue, the preferred format in which to receive the material, the web address of the requested material, and your contact information.













accessibility tools


text only version
google translate 




social media links


state of indiana's youtube




state of indiana's facebook




state of indiana's twitter




state of indiana's instagram




state of indiana's email







copyright © 2025 state of indiana - all rights reserved.








