





kevin spencer live
















































skip to content









kevin spencer live -  








   home 
 programs

 magic in education 
 magic in medicine 
 magic on the stage 


 speaker 
 research 
 engagements 
 contact us 
  







have any question ? (917) 744-0559 













 


 


 





 







search for:


search




















 




 

					
						award winning artist & educator
					
					


 








			
				bio
			
			

			
				kevin spencer
			
			
 



kevin spencer, ph.d. is an award-winning performing artist and academic. spencer and his wife, cindy, toured the world for more than 25 years, with one of the largest and most successful theatrical illusion productions in the u.s. they left behind a trail of accolades in their wake including 2009 international illusionists of the year and six-time recipients of performing arts entertainer of the year. they are also the recipients of the magic industry’s most prestigious award given by the milbourne christopher foundation – the 2015 international illusionists of the year for notable contributions to the art of magic. at the pinnacle of their career, they stepped away from the big stage and kevin walked into classrooms and hospitals around the globe. today, dr. spencer’s work focuses on using the art of magic to impact change in the lives of people with autism, developmental disabilities, intellectual challenges, emotional disturbance, and those who have histories of trauma. he is a respected and highly sought-after speaker, researcher, and consultant in the fields of special education and healthcare. 












			
				what we have
			
			
 



dr. spencer is the leading international expert on the academic and therapeutic benefits of simple magic tricks in educational and clinical settings. his programs – magic therapy™ and hocus focus™ – are internationally recognized.hocus focus™ is the 2022 anthem award recipient for innovation of the year in the category of “arts, culture, and education.” the project was also a 2022 finalist for the zero project award which recognizes innovative, persons, practices, and models that improve the daily lives of persons with disabilities.magic therapy™ is the 2023 anthem award recipient for innovation of the year in the category of “health.”dr. spencer is the recipient of the 2022 gold anthem award for leader of the year in “arts, culture, and education” as well as the 2024 silver anthem award for nonprofit leader of the year in “health.” he is also the recipient of the 2024 anthem community voice award voted on by the public to recognize outstanding social impact contributions.he is a leading voice in the performing arts industry (recipient of the north american performing arts managers and agents – napama – artist/agent of the year in 2021), a subject matter expert on arts integration for special populations for the u.s. department of state, a research consultant for the school of health professions department of occupational therapy and institute for arts in medicine at the university of alabama at birmingham, and an approved provider of continuing education for the american occupational therapy association.note: the anthem awards are the largest and most comprehensive social impact awards in the world. by amplifying the voices that spark global change, the anthem awards are defining a new benchmark for social impact work that inspires others to take action in their community. 







 














			
				our happy clients
			
			

			
				what people are saying about kevin spencer
			
			






kevin spencer has more academic and professional experience and connections in the broad area of disabilities than anyone i have known in my 35 years in this field. he is such a humble and unassuming individual – you cannot imagine the depths of his knowledge, skill, and heart until you see him at work. those who spend their lives struggling with their disability, no matter their capabilities, were pushing the limits of their concentration as well as their motor skills because he brought forth the motivation to do so. as our week together progressed, it was clear to me that he was not only gifted but, indeed, a gift.

 


 
barb komdat
director of community outreach, developmental pathways (co) 




it is with great enthusiasm that i share my experience in having kevin spencer provide riveting professional development sessions to educational researchers, administrators, teachers and parents. his interdisciplinary approach to designing arts-based curriculum values a holistic philosophy so essential to effective educational experiences that are generalizable for children with disabilities. but the real magic is how he inspires educators to move beyond their preconceptions of instruction and learning and to think creatively when designing effective educational experiences.

 


 
dr. susan o’rourke
past president division of international special education and services, (pa) 




kevin’s method of interacting with the children and young adults was engaging and cheerful. more important than his interactive style, he did not define the children by their ‘disability’ or ‘diagnosis.’ he saw them as individuals with potential. his workshops explored and pushed the limits of that potential. for me, observing his work was inspiring and emotional. it reminded me of why we can be so passionate about assisting people with many kinds of challenges in life. this was a gift that kevin gave to me.

 


 
daniel quinn
president and ceo, community care network (vt) 



 












contact us 











917-744-0559kevin@kevinspencerlive.com 






homepage 3











 copyright © 2024 kevin spencer live, all rights reserved. 
designed & developed by : prosketch technologies 
































