     park place ltd | luxury & exotic car dealer in bellevue, wa                                                  















park place ltd







sales
425-562-1000
1880 136th pl ne
bellevue, wa 98005
                            







newsletter







service







map







contact





















park place ltd




      call 425-562-1000   directions    
             buy   new arrivals   bellevue inventory   boise inventory   all inventory   brand new   pre-owned   collector cars   recently sold     sell   consignment   submit your car   auction services   past auctions     finance   finance   credit application   new trade appraisal   used trade appraisal   theft recovery   paint protection   extended warranties   worldwide shipping     auto salon   service center   events & more   monopoly street   book event space   careers   car clubs   links     about us   about us   our story   meet the team   contact us & hours   map & directions   leave us a review   privacy policy                      buy   new arrivals   bellevue inventory   boise inventory   all inventory   brand new   pre-owned   collector cars   recently sold     sell   consignment   submit your car   auction services   past auctions     finance   finance   credit application   new trade appraisal   used trade appraisal   theft recovery   paint protection   extended warranties   worldwide shipping     auto salon   service center   events & more   monopoly street   book event space   careers   car clubs   links     about us   about us   our story   meet the team   contact us & hours   map & directions   leave us a review   privacy policy            








welcome topark place





new arrivals


all inventory






      search new inventory     search used inventory        

i want to shop...


aston martin









lotus









classics









all inventory









new arrivals










                                                                                                                                           




a trusted enthusiast source
founded in 1987, we are one of the oldest independently owned dealerships located in the heart of bellevue, washington. our campus features over 40,000 sq ft of indoor showrooms filled with the finest exotic, luxury, and collectible automobiles, along with being the region’s exclusive aston martin and lotus dealer. in addition, we have a robust consignment department, a professional european auto service and repair center, and a full-service auto salon with the east side’s only all-hand car wash.



     





quality consignments wanted
we sell 70% of our consigned inventory within 60 days
we have one goal: to sell your vehicle quickly while bringing the best possible result. we're simply the best in the business!
learn more




      


reviews & testimonials
see what our customers are saying about us
"i was in the market for a one-of-a-kind vehicle, and park place ltd had exactly what i was looking for when no one else did! they made the buying process so easy and painless even though i was purchasing from out of state. the salesman and staff were friendly, helpful, cared about my experience and cherished my business. i highly recommend this dealer for all your exotic & special car needs, they truly have stuff that can’t be found anywhere else in the country! i would definitely return!!"
- trevor m.
read more reviews


       


auto salon
park place auto salon is the seattle area's premier facility for all your vehicle's cosmetic needs.
relax in our luxury lounge while your car is pampered by an expertly trained team of vehicle appearance technicians.
whether you drive a gt3 rs, a gti or a gto, park place auto salon’s all-hand carwash & detail center is simply the finest, and it is the only facility of its kind in the entire pacific northwest.
learn more


     


service center
the northwest's finest service department
the park place service center is a state-of-the-art 15 bay facility that is dedicated to the maintenance, service and repair of the types of specialty vehicles we have sold for the last 30+ years. no matter what you drive, we have the expertise and the experience to keep it in top condition.
learn more


          welcome to park place ltd in bellevue, wa!
you can make your automotive dreams a reality at park place ltd, the west coast's premier luxury collector and exotic car dealership. our family-owned and -operated luxury car dealer in bellevue, wa, got its start in 1987, and we've been turning daily drives into extraordinary adventures ever since then. whether you have your sights set on a classic collector's car, eye-catching aston martin or a pre-owned electric vehicle, we have something perfect for you. we proudly serve shoppers from washington, oregon, california and beyond, so no matter where you are, we can match you with your dream ride!
new & used luxury cars for sale!
from new aston martin models to used lotus cars and more, there's something for every nearby exotic car enthusiast at park place ltd. our vast inventory of exotic and luxury vehicles includes something for all lifestyles and preferences, from performance-focused roadsters to powerful lifted trucks and iconic classics. shop our assortment of new karma cars for sale, or check out our new car specials in bellevue, wa, to claim an exceptional value on your ideal vehicle. we can also help you consign or auction your car, while our auto financing specialists are here to streamline your car-buying experience and get you behind the wheel in no time.
auto service & repairs near me
when you buy a luxury car, you'll want to trust only the most knowledgeable experts with all your auto service essentials. that's where the park place ltd service center comes in. our team is trained to work on all the classic and european cars we sell, so you can turn to us long after the sale to keep your prized vehicle performing at its finest. plus, with our wide assortment of car parts and luxury vehicle accessories, you can customize your ride exactly as you see fit at our wa exotic car dealer.
directions to park place ltd
planning your trip to park place ltd? we're located at 1880 136th place northeast in bellevue, wa, so local classic and exotic car enthusiasts can find us with ease. no matter if you're headed here from medina, sammamish, redmond or beyond state lines, you'll find everything you're looking for at our washington luxury car dealership.     

a premier luxury, collector and exotic car dealership
                            

            copyright © 2025 by dealeron | sitemap | privacy | park place ltd | 1880 136th pl ne, bellevue, wa 98005 | sales: 425-562-1000             















       