

jackson pollock unauthorized













jackson pollock unauthorized
 







jack the 
        dripper | works 
        | more pollock 
        | foundations 
        and galleries




 




         












jackson pollock

“on the floor i am more at ease, i feel nearer, more a 
          part of the painting, since this way i can walk around in it, work from 
          the four sides and be literally ‘in’ the painting.” 
          
          jackson pollock, 1947

 

we have seen and admired some of the finest painters and artists come 
        and go over the last century. and jackson pollock is one such artist who 
        has remained as one of the most influential artists of the past fifty 
        years. creating a unique style, jackson pollock left critics in awe. and 
        those who did not understand his creations simply brushed jackson pollock 
        to the side as another mediocre artist.
pollock proved critics wrong then and continues to do so today. jackson 
        pollock prints continue to dazzle new audiences that never heard a bad 
        review or a negative comment.
this website will take a look at jackson pollock prints, his unique style, 
        and his incredible life in a unique and fresh way. you will learn about 
        his life, his works, and find information ranging from his unique style 
        to where his pieces are being held. and in the process, hopefully learn 
        of where the infamous jackson pollock was coming from. 
he is widely considered the most challenging and influential american artist 
        of the 20th century and you are about to find out why!






        articles: 
jackson pollock's 
        black paintings - jackson pollock, a great american painter of the 
        20th century, established a distinct way of painting that produced a major 
        impact on the world of art. in 1950, jackson pollock created his ‘black 
        paintings’, unique and remarkable pieces of art that featured a 
        combination of erratically-controlled painting and the use of the colour 
        black. read 
        more
iphone painting app: inspired 
        by jackson pollock - jackson pollock’s art has influenced the 
        iphone painting app, which is a touch art application where you can make 
        choices and become a jackson pollock paint-alike iphone artist. read 
        more
the influence 
        of native american art on the works of jackson pollock - paul jackson 
        pollock (1912-1956) was a well-known american artist who was influential 
        in abstract and expressionist art. although his short personal life, wrought 
        with alcoholism and perhaps bipolar disorder, was arduous, his particular 
        painting techniques, deemed to be drawn from native american art, appeared 
        effortless.
 
 
  


jack the dripper
jackson pollock unauthorized - biography 
        - downfall
works
important works 
        - pollock 
        in print and on screen
more pollock
drip paintings 
        - abstract 
        expressionism - unique style - did 
        you know? - famous quotes - the technique of action painting in jackson pollock paintings
foundations and galleries
pollock-krasner foundation 
        - where his paintings are - online 
        art gallery - links



please note: the 
  images on this site were collected from public sources 
  around the internet that were listed as public domain. 
  if there is some error please contact us at info@ 
  jackson-pollock.com so that the image in question 
  can be removed or given credit for. we have taken 
  reasonable efforts to ensure that the information 
  contained in this web site is accurate; however, all 
  information is provided "as is" without 
  any express or implied warranties.



