




sprintz furniture | nashville, franklin, and greater tennessee





















skip to main content



















search























                        location_on
                    


come say hello!


cool springs store


nashville store


warehouse



view all





account_circle




cart


0






search





search
















locations


view cart 0


sign in































start browsing









living room







dining room







bedroom







mattresses







office







rugs







accents







entertainment







outdoor







shop all




living room inspiration
living room looks to love


 madeline collection - madeline living room   
 neval collection - 8-piece sectional   
 candace collection - candace sofa  
 joli collection - joli living room  





shop all

sprintz furniture store in nashville, tnwelcome to sprintz furniture! we proudly have two showrooms totaling 170,000 square feet that service furniture shoppers in the nashville, tennessee area. our friendly sales staff will collaborate with you to transform your vision of an ideal home into a reality. we carry a variety of products to furnish your entire home including sofas, loveseats, dining furniture, beds, dressers, chairs, rugs, entertainment furniture, and more! we are focused on helping our customers make furniture purchases they will be happy with for years to come. our exceptional customer service doesn't stop when you leave our showroom. full-service delivery includes complete furniture assembly and packing removal. from the start of your shopping experience to very end, our goal is to ensure you walk away satisfied and excited with your furniture or mattress purchase. click here to contact us or call our local number 615-350-1187.


bedroom inspiration
bedroom looks to love


 ciao bella collection - king bedroom group   
 west fork collection - king bedroom group   
 casegoods collection - king bedroom group   
 wildwood collection - solid wood bedroom group  
 southbury collection - king bedroom group  





shop all

see our upholstery selectionhigh end upholstered furniture in fabric and leather.see optionssleek, high-end, and luxurious.largest selection of leather furniture in the nashville, franklin, and greater tennessee area. it's our thing.shop leatherexplorecoffee tablessectionalsdining setssleeper sofasaccent chairstv standsdesign centerlooking for interior design help in the nashville, tennessee area? stop by sprintz furniture and talk to one of our experienced designers. they understand everything from space planning to incorporating your style throughout your home while expertly using color and texture. our designers are trained to help you put a room together, whether that means picking a custom fabric for your couch, pulling a room together with rugs and accessories, or finding the perfect rustic dining table to gather your family around over the holiday season. they'll work with you in the store or at your home to coordinate all details.this is just one of the many reasons sprintz furniture is your premier nashville furniture store!


what's your style?









transitional







contemporary







relaxed vintage







rustic







casual







traditional







cottage







mid-century modern







shop all









 






don’t miss out on deals & new releases





submitting...







contact notes - required*

do you agree to the terms of service?
































sprintz furniture in nashville, tn features a great selection of sofas, sectionals, chairs, leather furniture, beds, mattresses, dressers, dining sets, kitchen storage, entertainment furniture, rugs, office furniture, and more.  sprintz furniture operates two furniture stores in nashville, tn and services the nashville, franklin, brentwood, murfreesboro, smyma, lebanon, hendersonville, gallatin, madison, mt. juliet, clarksville, dickson, springfield and surrounding tennessee area.
information accuracy - we have taken great care to provide you with information that is accurate and useful. please notify us if you find an error and we will do our best to correct it. we ask that you contact us directly to confirm information about pricing, color, features, dimensions, availability and lead times.
nothing on this page may be copied or reproduced without explicit permission.







site powered by furnituredealer.net © 2006 - 2025 furnituredealer.net, inc., all rights reserved.


privacy policy
accessibility statement
do not sell my personal information

























