









letchworthpark.com





































 




letchworthpark.com
serving letchworth county for over 35 years








toggle navigation




menu




park information 

general park info
maps
hiking in letchworth state park


camping info 

2024 cabin information
campsites outside the park
tent and trailer camping info


what’s happening 

featured links


advertise with us
 



 




 
park information  









                      letchworth state park has something for everyone                    



                  		welcome to letchworth state park, new york’s most versatile park, offering something for everyone, from the serious outdoor enthusiast to the casual picnicker, from the... 
                  	



  









                      general information                    















                      hiking in letchworth park                    















                      tent & trailer camping information                    















                      cabin info                    








 
 
news  









                      40th annual commemoration of the civilian conservation corps august 5th                    



                  		it was 90 years ago this summer that young men arrived at their work sites in  letchworth state park as part of the newly created... 
                  	



  









                      wyoming foundation announces more than $21,000 in grants                    















                      genesee country village & museum to host civil war living history weekend                    











                      peak season arrives at letchworth state park                    















                      letchworth state park’s first day hikes                    








 
 
park features 










								40th annual commemoration of the civilian conservation corps august 5th							



                  		it was 90 years ago this summer that young men arrived at their work sites in  letchworth state park as part of the newly created... 
                  	















								letchworth state park’s first day hikes							



                  		letchworth state park will be offering free hikes on the first day of the new year, jan. 1, 2023. due to the possibility of temporary... 
                  	















								2021 was another record year for state parks							



                  		statewide attendance climbs more than 427,000, niagara falls leads the way new york's state parks, historic sites, campgrounds and trails welcomed a record-setting 78.4 million... 
                  	















								letchworth state park autism trail “opens up new worlds”							



                  		• trail, a first-of-its-kind project, opens following oct. 1 ribbon-cutting • more than $3.3 million raised in private funding • ant includes eight different sensory... 
                  	















								winter activities abound in wyoming county							



                  		snow has finally arrived this winter. it is now the middle of january and snow is here to stay. now that we have more snow... 
                  	















								new rec center opens at letchworth state park							



                  		a new $2 million outdoor recreation center has opened at letchworth state park.  the new lower falls recreation area provides table games, badminton and pickle... 
                  	















								there’s more to discover in letchworth country™							



                  		letchworth state park with its deep gorges, three waterfalls, nature trails and historic inn attracts visitors from all over the united states. but there is... 
                  	















								the land that evolved into letchworth state park							



                  		the area that encompasses letchworth state park was not always as we know it today. it evolved largely through the efforts of one man, william... 
                  	















								historic interest points							



                  		arcade - arcade and attica railroad, rte. 39 & 98. steam excursions. attica - attica historical museum, 130 main st. angelica - national historic district.... 
                  	















								unique assets along silver lake walking trail							



                  		development of the silver lake trail has been in process since 2004. it builds off the existing half mile walking/biking trail in perry, ny along... 
                  	















								william pryor letchworth museum							



                  		the william pryor letchworth museum houses a collection relating to the indian and pioneer history of the genesee valley as well as archeological and natural... 
                  	











to make reservations visit…pages

2024 cabin information
advertise with us
business directory
camping info
campsites outside the park
contact us
event calendar
featured links
general park information
hiking in letchworth state park
maps
tent & trailer camping
tent and trailer camping info

 




genesee vacation guides, inc. 











