



internet advertising website design marketing promotion by a1aweb deltona, florida, a1aweb.com


















freeadvertisingmarketingpromotion






a 1 a w e b
internet advertising, webpage designwebsite creation, marketing & promotion
i also offer paid banner and text ads on some of my sites, 
email me
 or fill out the contact form for the list and prices


click here to usethumbtackfor promoting your business online



> > > no more excuses - get online now - make more money this year < < <
advertise your business and sell your merchandise by listing your telephone number
 or email address on your very own webpage.  just answer the phone or check your email and watch the orders and inquiries start coming
 in by having a business presence that is always open 24 hours a day 7 days a week ready to do business with people from across the country
 and around the world.  new easy ecommerce sites that you can add merchandise to yourself if you like. do you have a site already
 created, but are lacking the visitors? a1aweb may be able to help your old site get better results with a little advice
about social media marketing. i can post ads for you on facebook and twitter and boost them to a targeted audience in a certain geographic area. 






florida newspapers
free classified ads



>> join my <<money makingaffiliate programs ^ ^ ^ ^
 ^  ^  ^  ^  ^  ^  ^



get $5 from me when you click thru this link & start your account.
acorns - spare change investing




read about steps needed to improve your websites performance
know your audience
learn how to promote your website or blog for free!!!

save gas/time/moneysurvivefood shortages w.
homegrocery delivery


joint ventures welcome-i create and host your website for free for a percentage of gross sales & w.my ads on your site
i will also host websites in exchange for merchandise - what do you have to sell that i might like?
jewelry, gems, antiques, health products, survival foods, 
 motorcycles, vehicles, real estate you name it - i do trades!

email me
 

customerspricescontact
friendly internet advice

the daily blog
developing contentfor your website
improving yoursites performance
job security is a myth
florida newspapers



i'm here to answer your questionsi work fast and am always here for youno waiting on the phone for tech support or filling out tech support ticketsfast reliable personal service helping businesses with their websites since 1996



"click thru this banner to start your website for free - if you need help with it contact me"

in the website business since 1996 - over 25 years


accept all credit cards on your website today with paypalit's free to signup!


ann menke
email me now for more information!
email me




daytona beach area & florida sites


anns plants - florida cactus, succulents and flowers
americraft boats - fiberglass and gelcoat boat repair
anns orchids

just a quick note of thanks ann. today 80% of my customers said they found out about us via the website. the rest were repeat customers.
 as times tighten up, we feel our site is giving us a real boost. we also appreciate your reasonable rates and great service. with the recent server issue,
 you had it all repaired in record time. once again, great job, thank you - bobcentury auto air


compass marine construction - ponce inlet, fl
fastlane charters - ponce inlet, fl
fine cut loose emeralds

kravchenko siberian cats - port orange, fl
rick hardy's fish taxidermy service - lake helen, fl
roundhouse south - model trains - south daytona, fl
psychic reader susan - jupiter, fl
psychic kay - palm beach gardens, fl 

out of state


auto instruments.com - martinsville, va
century auto air - tuscon, az
car accident lawyer - tuscaloosa, al
pickens county alabama lawyer

psychic advisor - san diego, ca 
psychic reader services - denver, co 
rug consultant - parlin, new jersey
social security disability attorney - tuscaloosa, al
social security disability attorney - columbus, ms
social security disability lawyer mississippi
wheel polish specialist - jackson, mo

my affiliate sites and blogs for google, amazon income - all you can advertise on and all
are for sale - just ask

restoring horse drawn carriages
used heavy equipment
florida internet advertising
fiberglass storm panels

restoring old boats
dump trailers and utility trailers
used heavy equipment




a1aweb webpage creation, site hosting, social media marketing prices
1 year domain name registration thru a1aweb: $20
webpage creation is so affordable, each 8 x 10 page is only $40 per page 
and can have up to 5 photos each with animated gifs, buttons, bars and backgrounds, google analytics, 
social media share buttons, maps, contact forms. that includes hidden keywords in your html so people can 
find you on the internet by doing a search using those keywords.
images added later on after site is done are $5 each, no charge for emailed text additions/changes to be added.
monthly hosting fee $20 - to put your website on my server space
submission to search engines: google, yahoo/bing $5 per search engine. if changes
are made to your website or pages added it is a good idea to have your site resubmitted.

facebook business page creation: $30 w.link to your website, images, business name & description, address, phones, hours, maps, contact buttons.
google business presence: $30 ad business to google w. images, website link, business name, address, phones, hours, map
social media marketing: facebook post $10, facebook boost $5, twitter post $10, twitter boost $5
(cost of boosting your ad post to social media depends on your target audience age range and geographic area you are trying to cover)
ecommerce shopping cart setup and training-$100.
i teach you how to easily enter your own inventory, or i can enter it for you on a per item cost,
many of my customers have their own shopping carts and enter their own inventory quite easily after i teach
them how over the phone.

if you have any questions about registering a domain name or would like to start a webpage please
 email: email me


to see examples of my work scroll up!and click on the links.




internet advertising domain name services
pictures of your business, cards, logos, brochures, merchandise, etc.,. can be emailed to me
 for inclusion on your website.

you may even want to include directions and a map.


if you have any questions or would like to start a webpage please
 email: email me


disclaimer


internet advertising, hosting, search engine optimazation, social media advertising
if you are interested in a link exchange please email info@a1aweb.com
all links have been moved to the new website design, search engine optimization and hosting links page




counter by relmaxtop







discount internet advertising, website design

