



	oam: home












































×



homeaboutopticians association of massachusettshistorymeet the boardresourcesopticiansstudents and apprenticesregulatoryclassified adspartnerspartner benefitsbecome a partnereventscurrent eventsboard meetingsmembershipmember benefitsbecome a memberloginadvocacyoverviewidentify your legislatorlicensing boardcontact us






















homeabout

opticians association of massachusettshistorymeet the board

resources

opticiansstudents and apprenticesregulatoryclassified ads

partners

partner benefitsbecome a partner

events

current eventsboard meetings

membership

member benefitsbecome a memberlogin

advocacy

overviewidentify your legislatorlicensing board

contact us






☰







 
				
save the date!

						oam goes back to school!  our spring educational conference will be held at bentley university april 27th


 
				



 
				
our vision




envisioning opticianry through education, advocacy and leadership.

 
				



 
				
oam mission

						the opticians association of massachusetts seeks to advance the knowledge, skills and expertise of licensed opticians through education, leadership and legislative representation for the benefit of the consumer and the continuous growth and development of the profession.
more

 
				



 
				
professional development

						the oam provides professional guidance, education, and advancements to help equip students and practitioners to provide exceptional quality care to vision patients.
					
 
				



 
				
serving massachusetts


serving the professional opticians and vision patients of the state of massachusetts.
					
 
				


❮
❯




















































home


president’s welcome
i just wanted to take a moment to formally introduce myself. my name is cassandra "cassie" hains, and i am proud and excited to be the new president of the opticians association of massachusetts.about mei started in the eyecare industry in 2014 as a optometric technician. in 2016, i transitioned into an apprenticeship role and started my opticianry journey. i became licensed in 2019 and have worked in both private practice and corporate environments. i have been on the oam board of directors since 2019, served as secretary from 2021-23 and vice president for the last year.my goalsas president, my goal is to uphold the mission statement of the oam: to advance the knowledge, skills, and expertise of opticians through education, leadership, and legislative representation. additionally, i will focus on building up our future opticians. as an apprenticed optician, i fully understand the importance of preparing our future opticians for success.  i look forward to these next two years as my opportunity to leave a lasting mark on our profession.let’s connecti am interested in getting to know our members and understanding your goals for the opticians association of massachusetts. please feel free to reach out to me if you have any questions and comments at oampres@gmail.com.thank you for the opportunity,sincerely,cassie hainspresidentopticians association of massachusetts



partners






















































































    










announcements




spring education   (posted january 10, 2025)


							our spring conference will be held at bentley university on april 27th, 2025. 
						













(508) 533-1419
po box 419, medway, ma, united states, 02053
© 2025 opticians association of massachusetts.  all rights reserved.












