







suncoast jazz festival























































0








        skip to content
      



























        tickets
      



        event info
      



        performers
      



        sponsors and donors
      



        connect with us
      
















open menu
close menu




























        tickets
      



        event info
      



        performers
      



        sponsors and donors
      



        connect with us
      
















open menu
close menu
























                  tickets
                





                  event info
                





                  performers
                





                  sponsors and donors
                





                  connect with us
                





































thank you for a great 2024!






























save the date!nov 21-23, 2025at the beach on the gulf of mexicoclearwater, flindoors at sheraton sand key resort



festival newssign up for our newsletter and stay up to date on all things festival, including performer profiles, happenings, and more.





    sign up ►
  



make a giftmake a tax deductible gift to help us keep jazz alive. gifts of any size are appreciated.





    give today ►
  



















big easy-flavored early jazz  american songbook modern acoustic jazz  swing  ·  brazilian  ·  blues even a touch of rockabilly and gospel



























music



all weekend – day and night 



















lineup for 2024join us on the shores of the gulf of mexicoa music experience not to be missed. enjoy three days in beautiful sand key for some of the best, live performers from across the nation and around the world.















































































headliners



diego figueiredo - braziljason marsalis - nolaken peplowski - nycnew black eagle jazz band - new englandwally’s warehouse waifs - michiganwycliffe gordon - georgia




























































jazz bands & personalities



adrian cunningham, professor cunningham and his old school - globalal downing all stars - flbakey and betty - flbryan j hughes - fldaniela soledade - brazil, fldave bennett quartet - mi davy jones and the suncoast seven with tom hook -  fl, noladon mopsick - fleddie metz - flheather thorn - fl



james suggs with his quintet, with the crew, and as a guest performer - fljames wall - fljon-erik kellso and the earregulars with john allred - nycla lucha - flnaples jazz society jazz band - flnate najar - flpepper and fine thyme - flst. louis stompers - st. louissynia carroll - fltheo valentin - fl



and many, many more tba




    see performer profiles ►
  



lineup subject to change.











































congratulations winners!2024 student competition1st place trevor ball & thomas mendez2nd place ethan miller, luc nejame, dereck torres-velez, omar maldonado, russell distelhurst




    competition details
  









































bring your umbrellas, boas, and dancin’ feet for the official festival kick off! new orleans parasol paradefriday, nov 21 - 11am, poolsidelive music 









































swing the night away to live music by several of your favorite bands!



put on your dancin’ shoes!friday swing dancefriday, nov 21 - 6pmlive music till midnightbigger ballroom + bigger dance floor = big fun!included with friday, friday after 6pm, and weekend ticketsperformers tbd

































venue hotel and accommodations



event ticketing and check-in at the sheraton sand key resort. event venue located at the sheraton sand key resort.book your rooms early. limited rooms at the jazz rate.















sheraton sand key resortsponsor hotel with 3 venues





    book sheraton ►
  















marriott suites on sand keynearby  lodging





    book marriott ►
  















holiday inn hotel & suitesnearby  lodging on the gulf





    book holiday inn ►
  
































festival office 



general festival information (727) 248-9441 



sponsorship informationcontact our sponsor representative



po box 395, largo, fl 33779



refunds, returns, and ticket sales policy



privacy policy



a copy of the official registration and financial information may be obtained from the division of consumer services by calling toll-free (800-435- 7352) within the state. registration does not imply endorsement, approval, or recommendation by the state.



copyright and copy © suncoast jazz festival, suncoast classic jazz inc. a 501 (c) (3) non-profit corporation



site design, support, and branding by baxter branded













