




2wombats web & business web application design






































who we are 




what we do




who we are 

2wombats specialises in customisable web design and applications 
development. 
our team of professionals hail from diverse backgrounds with distinct 
portfolios. the combination of our collective unique skills offers you a myriad 
of interactive media services to suit your business needs. 


1.
what you need

we help our clients to first identify what they need in order to understand the 
entirety of their situation, problems and expectations. we get a tighter brief 
through guiding them with our specific questionnaire. with such, we can offer 
the best possible service, mitigating unexpected changes in development and 
minimize time waste. 

2.
why us

we have a team of professionals in different domains housed under one roof, 
which we can provide a holistic suite of services from end to end like business 
consulting, marketing consultation, web design, search engine optimisation 
(seo) or search engine marketing (sem), and even copywriting, which not many 
companies can offer. 

as one team, we provide easier communication, more accurate execution of 
the project, full services and support with higher rate of deliverability to our 
clients, with controlled cost hassle-free. 

with our team's collective wealth of experiences and respective competencies, 
our clients can be ensured that we deliver results with good value for money.

we help our clients to study the viability and feasibility of their online 
marketing and development plans in order to arrive at result-oriented 
solutions to their web needs. we want to ensure the websites we build for our 
clients are market-savvy.

we create user-friendly customisable interface designs with mobile 
adaptability, that do not compromise on speed, file size allocations and 
accessibility. 


3.
when you need

delivery is critical to every clients, as time is money to every businesses. we do 
our utmost to meet your timeline as best as possible without compromising on 
the quality of design and technology.



                                               ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~




contact us




what we do

apart from providing the usual web design, development and hosting, we have 
supported capabilities in custom web applications, online marketing 
campaigns, content management systems (cms) and search engine 
optimisation (seo) services, our web designs are built with php, css, 
javascript, actionscript or ajax programming, depending on your 
requirements. we adhere to operational checklists in each phase of the project 
development from content development and programming to backend 
support. 

we have compiled a checklist below, to help you evaluate the strengths 
and weaknesses of your website, so that you may consider if it is high time you 
should rebuild your online presence. as a creative web development company, 
it is our job to get you noticed and growing.


qualities of a good designed website:

1.
domain name

choose a good “.com.” domain for your business will stand you in good stead 
for competitive advantage. we have the expertise, with the aid of 
our proprietary tool, to help you get creative if your business name is taken, or 
to create a brand defined name your business or products. with a unique 
brand-centric naming, you will have greater chance in securing a good domain.

2.
hosting

with a good web and email hosting, will mitigate frustrations of slow 
downloading speed and the failure to load, which will cost you not just streams 
of user traffic but also affect your ranking in search engines, since many 
search engine algorithms detect webpage loading speed. with our in-house it 
development team, we can support your hosting needs.

3.
appearance

a site must be aesthetically appealing, polished and professional. it is a visual 
medium, not only reflect your company, your products and your services, it is 
built for communicating, reading, shopping or marketing purposes, that rely 
heavily on visuals to delight and convey meaning. your website is like a 24/7 
door opener wherein first impression matters. a visually attractive dressing not 
only generate a positive impression, it establishes your brand, make your site 
instantly recognisable, and unifies the elements within. with the overly 
populated world of internet, it becomes increasingly challenging to attract and 
keep users' attention. coupled with inundated information online, the visibility 
of certain important aspects are often overlooked or compromised. a 
well-designed webpage with good visual dress-up reinforced with a strong 
identity, has a high hit and retention rate, as well as the ability to engage 
users. with a creative team on board, we can take care of all the aesthetics of 
your online presence.


4.
functionality

broken or poorly constructed navigation will certainly leave your visitors with a 
bad impression, frustrated and disillusioned. every components of your 
website should function well and correctly, including internal and external 
hyperlinks, contact form,  search engine, event registration, error-free copy, 
video, security features and so on.

5.
usability

your website must fundamentally be easy to read and navigate, and concise 
enough to understand. usability is the measure of how much your site can 
accomplish the objectives your site is built for your target audience. usability 
is a critical key to a successful design: ease of viewing and navigation, 
well-organised content, fast-loading and downloading speed, minimal 
scrolling, , consistent layout, descriptive link text, and cross-browser 
compatibility.

6.
accessibility

a good navigation is like a good gps to your website, just like homes are 
easier to find with a good map, likewise web content will be easier to find with 
good navigation. a website should basically be easy to use with clear 
navigation, proper utilisation of links with callouts as virtual guides, and 
easy-to-understand information displayed. critical information, such as "who 
you are", "what we can do?" and "how you can be found", should be instantly 
accessible. 

7.
content

it is a known fact that content is king and search engines love them. therefore, 
a well-organised but clearly defined site with valuable, interesting and relevant 
content, without being copy-heavy, communicates well with your audience. 
accuracy and up-to-date content paves a long way to retain and engage your 
users, which in turn boasts your search engine optimisation (seo). 

8. 
social media integration

social media 
like:facebook,youtube, instagram, pinterest, google+ and linkedin etc., is a 
good marketing avenue to promote your online presence. your website built 
with such digital savviness integrating these platforms will boost your seo, 
improve your business' footprint on the social web, maintain your content 
concurrently, keep your brand top-of-mind on your users and keep them 
engaged.

9.
search engine optimisation (seo)

a well-written content tagged with important keywords with high repetition 
reinforced with descriptive hyperlinks and simple clutter-free coding will be 
well-loved by search engines.

10.
compatibility

compatibility across browsers often pose viewability challenges, and various 
versions of the same browser also display differently. it can be annoying if 
users are not able to view properly, and that is going to cost you possible 
business leads or opportunities.

11.
mobile adaptability

with the rising trend of mobile users, which contribute to increasing web 
patronage, it is becomes critical for your website to adopt a responsive design 
that is adaptable across any mobile devices. with such mobile adaptability, 
content will be easier to navigate and access. 
















it doesn't matter what you do,






contact @ +65 9011 5595








we cater to every business.
we listen to your budget.
we have the right business solution for you.
we help you optimise your web presence.
we help your website maximise it's milage.




s i n g a p o r e    w e b    d e s i g n    &   b u s i n e s s   a p p l i c a t i o n   s o l u t i o n   s p e c i a l i s t s






the entire content of this web site, including all graphics and all images* is copyright ©2014-2015 2wombats pte ltd.  all rights reserved.*graphics used under license are copyright to
 their respective sources 
(contact us for details) 
no portion may be used
without prior written
permission from 
2wombats pte ltd.




mobile friendly version




