










inquest - home page






























 




web consulting ..


		in/quest   
		




 
			in/quest is a software development company that has moved from more traditional forms of software
			development to web site design, development and hosting.
			
			if you are looking for a smaller firm that can offer close personal attention to your web site
			design needs please drop us an
			email.
			





 





				ever wonder ...?

thanks goes to "thiojoe" on youtube™








have i been pwned?
 .. with all those system hacks around the world over the last 10-15 years, whether your 
email address and password are in the hands of the bad guys? well check out this site to 
see if your email address shows up anywhere. 

r u pwned?


are you paying too much for your prescription?
 .. with all those drug stores and pharmacies out there, are you paying too much for your medicine..?
goodrx /
blink health /
werx

where to get a temporary email address?
 .. with all those sites on the web that what your email address to sign up, 
if you are put your email in the wrong hands...  well, now there is "10 minute email".  
it gives you a temporary 10 email address. give the new questionable website
your 10minute email and do the email confirmation step.  if, after signed up and you are satisfied that it is a good site, change your 
email to your regular email.
10minutemail.com .


how to find out if a computer file/website is safe?
 .. when your computer starts slowing down or misbehaving and you find a suspicious computer file or 
website you want to verify ... well now you can just upload the file or point at that url with "virustotal" 
and it will scan and analyze the file / website with every virus/malware checker in the known universe 
and give you the results.

virustotal.com

how to find a real tech support human to talk to?
 .. frustrated, takes forever, trying to get to an actual customer service or tech support person.. 
well know you can speed up the process by typing in the company name at 
"gethuman" and it helps in the process.
gethuman.com

where to get very high quality free pictures/icons?
 .. frustrated, hard to find... not any more.  
pixabay
free great pix
maxpixels
unsplash
freepik
flaticon

check file for virus 
.. analyze a file or web link with 60 virus checkers.
virustotal.


which book to read 
.. select book preferences for dozens of catagories.
whichbook.


find a movie
.. find which streaming service is showing your movie
justwatch.


new product releases
.. find the most recent releases of new products
product hunt.


if this than that
.. connect opensource app triggers to make things happen
ifttt.





 





			in/quest designed & hosted
			





				server (gandora) . . .
				* pennyfreebiz

				* ep bridge club
				* dan vanclapp artist
				* wit & more
				* numbers
				* lafayette college colorado alumni
				* northport high school 1962 class list
				* dr william j turner md & genderxy
				* is someone looking for you? who? me?

				* parts is parts - auto restoration
				* skypool.  carpooling move over.. here comes skypool
				* estes park ambassador scheduling
				* redstone kids in the park	
				* citizens against the slide
				* nat'l holidays (act)

				server (wombly) . . . (discontinued)


				internet domain names for sale ! . . .
				* jqt2.com
				* sourceaqua.com
				* agilitywireless.com
				* legendtraining.com
				* rvlan.com
				* aox2.com
				* blueestes.com
				* rlinx.com
				* coloradokoas.com
				* bboomni.com






			in/quest hosted (only) websites
			





les schowe engraving studio
engraving transfers
wendi turner
straightdrpepperdiet







			in/quest projects
			





			server (gandora) . . .
just do the math
jailhouse chili recipe
is et here?"
pet peeves
kosovo perspective
farrar photos
editorial "do the math"

			server (wombly - offline) . . .
get your resume noticed
world trade center disaster sentiments
find people site link
javascript credit card encrypting
in/quest dos shareware programs
form-2-database generator




 





			in/quest hosting plan
			






			- many domains $15 per year
			- hosting $65 per year.



			we host smaller, simpler websites for $65 per year by using godaddy's 
			hosting servers.  this includes ..
ftp access and 
upto 2 email addresses and 
godaddy web builder or wordpress, joomla or drupal development engine and
mysql database is available for an additional fee

			leave your domain name where it is currently registered .... and in many 
			cases, we can have your website	moved over and up and running in 15 minutes 
			to our servers, completely transparently, without needing your username or 
			password. or you can follow our instructions to move your domain and/or your 
			website ...	or for a small additional fee, we can move either or both.  just 
			let us know how you would like to procede.
			


			you
			
			can have a website up and running in under a day.

			we built a partial sample website for a potential client hoping they would 
			like to buy it and host their website with us.. they decided not to take 
			it any further.  so... their loss, your gain.   if you would like a very 
			low  startup and annual cost basic website, just give us a call. if you 
			don't have much more need that a simple website, we will finish the 
			site and have it on the web in short order for $500.

			just click here..












			computing nostalgia
			

			 /
			

			smart home / internet of things (iot)
			



atari 800





insteon reasons (april 2018)
apple homekit
home automation superstore
smart home tech explained 






			contact us for your project
			

			make your invoice payments to..
			



- colorado office -
			jim turner
			in/quest llc
			estes park, co 80517
			970-577-0789
email





- california -
			in/quest llc
			wendi turner
			aliso viego, ca
			949-606-4877
email























copyright © in/quest llc, 1997 - 2025 (28 years .. believe it?)

	geolocation courtesy of 
	
ipapi

 
	today's date: (tuesday, 18 february 2025)
		



