








	hillsborough county property appraiser > home

  




























login



























www.hcpafl.org


home
welcome letter
using the hcpa website
using the hcpa mobile site


solicitud de evaluacion de danos por huracanes                           formar
how to search for subsidences
residential sales verification letter
carta de verificación de venta residencial
hcpa employment opportunities
tpp address change
fema 50% rule
damage assessment form instructions
damage assessment request form
value review application form


our office
our locations
meet your appraiser
coach bob's video messages
duties of the hcpa
important dates
budget / tax roll stats
ada compliance statement


property info
homestead & other exemptions
save our homes
the appeal process
the appraisal process & your taxes
greenbelt / agriculture
tangible personal property
truth in millage
taxing authorities
tax estimator
adverse possession
records custodian


downloads
forms
maps & data


e-filing
homestead e-file
application for catastrophic event tax refund (dr-465)
damage assessment e-file
residential-sales-verification-letter
carta-de-verificación-de-venta-residencial
tangible tax return
tpp tax extension request
income and expense survey
application for green belt classification for lands


search
search real estate
basic search
advanced search
sales search


search gis / maps
search tpp
search subsidence
search mobile
search help


links
other agencies
other county appraisers


contact us
email us / feedback
hcpa directors
our locations
invite coach bob as speaker
records custodian
citizen liaison









search


















notice: if your home suffered damage due to a catastrophic event in 2024 and was uninhabitable 30 days or more, please submit form dr-465 to our office by march 1, 2025 for a potential tax refund. more information can be found on our property damage reporting hub.
notice: the deadline to file for homestead exemption is march 3, 2025. please submit your application online.
 















quick links






property search
map search
e-file homestead

exemptions info
download forms
maps & data
tax estimator



























bob henriquez, cfa












meet your appraiser




a fifth-generation floridian, bob was born and raised in tampa and his great grandfather, enrique henriquez, was the last mayor of west tampa...

click here to learn more


































i'd like to...






file for homestead exemption

learn if i qualify for other exemptions
look up my property
report property damage
request a property value review
change my address
e-file my tangible tax return
download property data
report exemption abuse
file for portability
appeal my property's market value
contact the hcpa
file for agricultural status
give feedback
view property owner bill of rights














property search







folio:



parcel number:



owner:



address:




















important news





notice: a preliminary review of recent sales data by the office of hillsborough county property appraiser bob "coach" henriquez has revealed a notable slowdown in the local real estate market.  ... read more

notice: hillsborough county property appraiser bob “coach” henriquez announced his office has submitted a proposed budget cut for the 2024-2025 fiscal year, a notable move amidst national inflation trends and the county’s rapid population growth.  ... read more 

notice: the 2024 limit for assessment value increases of homestead property has been released by the florida department of revenue (fdor) ... read more 

notice: property fraud alert is a free service to help you protect your real estate property from fraud by monitoring the documents being recorded in the official records of the clerk of the circuit court. ... read more 

notice: hillsborough county property appraiser bob henriquez has taken another major step in the modernization of his office and improved service to the public by launching the first-ever mobile version of the hcpa website. ... read more 


notice: hillsborough county property appraiser bob henriquez and his office have received an international award for the hcpa’s cutting-edge desktop appraisal system, henriquez announced today... read more

notice: hillsborough county property appraiser bob henriquez is continuing an unprecedented level of safety and environmental benefits for the public and his staff by leasing the new toyota rav-4 and prius vehicles from local dealership gettel stadium toyota of tampa. read more


notice:  in an effort to mitigate the ongoing misuse of the state's adverse possession law, hillsborough county property appraiser bob henriquez and his staff will now be issuing written warnings to anyone filing claims to properties within the county. read more 
 

















contact us





downtown tampa 
15th floor county center 
601 e. kennedy boulevard 
tampa, florida 33602-4932
open 8:00am - 5:00pm / monday - friday

view all our locations

phone: (813) 272-6100
fax: (813) 272-5519
e-mail us! 





















about the hcpa



about the hcpa

the hillsborough county property appraiser is an elected official charged with the duty and responsibility to appraise all of the property in the county. this includes real estate and tangible personal property (the equipment, machinery and fixtures) of businesses. 
 
hcpa employment opportunities
ada compliance statement
 
property owner
bill of rights
click here to view the property owner bill of rights


















important dates

























© copyright 2025 hillsborough county property appraiser. all rights reserved.
 | disclaimer















