










home - hinsdale chamber of commerce
























































  



















skip to content




























 
homeabout us chamber ambassadorsevents chamber events events calendar farmers market wine walk christmas walk fine arts uniquely thursdaysdirectorychamber resources job postings hot dealsblogdistinguished members distinguished membership information gold members silver & bronze members








 







 





welcome to the
hinsdale chamber of commerce









join us











member login
























find a business











whether located in our gateway, grant square or central business districts you can find a business to meet your needs. hinsdale has got you covered.







view directory












find an event











hinsdale is home to many historical and long-standing events that our community and businesses look forward to every year. our events pull our community residents and business owners together like no other.







chamber events
























news & events





















 
distinguished members

learn more


 














 
2025 community guide

view guide


 












upcoming events














view all events





















why join the chamber?











as a member of our rich and diverse business community, your business will benefit from a variety of networking and marketing opportunities.

visibility
networking & advocacy advantages
professional development events
marketing opportunities








join today!










member testimonials













"i am a member of the hinsdale chamber of commerce because it creates confidence, integrity and trust in my clients. many of my customers are from hinsdale village"paige logan event staffing by paige 

“since the founding of hinsdale bank in 1993 the work of the bank and that of the chamber has been intertwined. since inception, the bank has been an enthusiastic participant in the annual christmas walk. about twenty years ago the bank was an initial organizer of the uniquely thursdays summer concert series. whenever possible the bank seeks to cooperate with the chamber to fulfill our shared mission of enhancing our community. as hinsdale's community bank, we view our partnership with the chamber as both a responsibility and a privilege."dennis jones hinsdale bank & trust 

“by promoting and advocating for hinsdale’s wonderful businesses and creating memorable community events, the hinsdale chamber is a big part of what makes hinsdale such a special place to live, shop, and dine"dan janowickthe community house 

"we are long time members of the hinsdale chamber of commerce because of its effective advocacy and community leadership. it’s a place a business can turn to for guidance and support and a great medium for cultivating relationships with local businesses and the communities we serve."mike & joan o'brienindependence 4 seniors 















 












© 2025 hinsdale chamber of commerce
 | 
site by growthzone












distinguished chamber members


























                                gold bella cosa                            














                                gold beyond shades                            














                                gold - evergreen bank                            














                                gold - functionally fit                            














                                hinsdale bank & trust                            














                                indepth physical therapy                            














                                gold magnolia senior living                            














                                gold - law offices of jonathan merel                            














                                gold performance wealth                            














                                gold sila family law                            














                                gold - the birches assisted living                            














                                gold - the pearl of hinsdale                            














                                gold - the sheridan                             














                                silver -authentic growth wellness group                            














                                silver -bloom plastic surgery                            














                                silver -karat jewelry group                            














                                silver - marabella home                            














                                silver - merrill lynch                            














                                silver - therapeutic health                            














                                silver - twin supplies, ltd                            






next
previous

















get in touch!














phone




630. 323.3952 










location




22 east first street hinsdale, il 60521 










email




email us 










resources











directory
login
join









resources











newsletter signup
events
sponsorships









socialize














facebook icon





instagram icon



















 © 2025 hinsdale chamber of commerce.  all rights reserved | site by growthzone 








 
scroll to top






















