
















vancouver island university | vancouver island university | canada








      skip to main content
    















program search icon search





menu








        about
          
 



        programs
          
 



        admissions & aid
          
 



        student life
          
 



        support viu
          
 



        research
          
 


 










      about
    
about


    get to know viu. as a teaching university and a research university, we offer a unique experience to students.
  

      about viu
  

      why viu
  



      about viu
  


president's office


office of indigenous education & engagement


department directory


governance, administration and planning


accreditation


careers


contact us





      why viu?
  


equity, diversity, and inclusion


sustainability


news


events


publications





      explore where viu is going
  

    the strategic plan builds on our commitment to diverse learners and draws on our connection to the community.
  
strategic plan
 










      programs
    
programs


    explore a wide range of program offerings and learning services. choose from degrees, vocational training, certificates and more.
  

      find your program
  

      learning services
  



      programs
  


learning at viu


undergraduate programs


graduate programs


trades and applied technology programs


academic and career preparation programs


professional and life long learning





      learning services
  


advising centre


peer supported learning


upgrading support


library





      talk to a recruiter
  

    friendly viu recruiters can help you find a program that’s right for you.
  
connect with a recruiter
 










      admissions & aid
    
admissions & aid


    discover how to apply to viu and get more information about tuition and financial aid.
  

      admissions
  

      tuition and aid
  



      admissions
  


viu admissions


transfer admissions


mature students and adult learner admissions


events and information sessions





      tuition and aid
  


viu tuition and aid


scholarships, awards & bursaries


student loans and grants


external awards and funding


tuition and fees





      how to become a student
  

    make your viu application successful by following these steps to becoming a student.
  
steps to become a student
 










      student life
    
student life


    make the best of your time at viu. get involved in campus events and enjoy island adventures.
  

      student life
  

      student services
  



      student life
  


viu mariners athletics


get to know vancouver island


recreation


co-curricular engagement


events calendar





      student services and support
  


experiential learning


accessibility services


learning matters


campus store


living on and off campus


food services


health and wellness





      get ready for the new student orientation
  

    attend in-person and online events, explore campus and connect with your professors and soon-to-be classmates!
  
rockviu
 










      support viu
    
support viu


    connect with other viu alumni and learn about the impact of donor generosity at viu.
  

      give
  



      viu alumni
  


alumni


viu alumni benefits





      viu donors
  


donors


ways to give


viu foundation


student success stories





      your support means so much to viu students
  

    our donors fund over 2000 scholarships, awards, and bursaries each year.
  










      research
    
research


    discover how viu's interdisciplinary research is making a real-world impact.
  

      research
  



      research
  


centres and institutes


news and events


viu expert list


undergraduate research





      research and creative activity
  

    explore the research highlights. includes recent publications, ground-breaking studies and more.
  
research reports
 









      search viu
  



      search
  
search icon











      apply to viu




      request info
  





information for
 



future students


current students


international students


parents and families


employees and faculty


alumni


donors






quick links
 



my student record


course timetables


viulearn


library


parking


health and wellness centre


technology @ viu


employee portal






campuses
 



nanaimo (main campus)


cowichan


tiwšɛmawtxʷ (powell river)



































vancouver island university












 
















a better world starts here
on a mountainside overlooking the salish sea on the west coast of canada is the main viu campus in nanaimo. here you find inspiration all around you. it’s a place you’ll make real connections – on campus, in community and with the land.student success in the classroom and beyond is at the heart of everything we do. our community of support is here for all students. and we offer custom supports for indigenous students, international students, adult learners and those who face learning challenges.  






















explore 120+ programs
whether you’re looking for the arts, sciences, trades or humanities, viu has a program for you. browse viu programs

























indigenous programs



















graduate and post-degree programs



















free supports for upgrading and esl students


































enigye “happy” amarkahbachelor of arts, visual art“the teachers are like family to us. if you have a problem, you can contact your professor and they’ll solve it with you like you are their own kids. if i had to do it all over again, i would still come here."


      how to become a viu student
  















discover your place at viu






learning at viufollow your interests to find a program that’s right for you.learning at viu 







admissionsfind out what it takes to be a viu student. spoiler alert: we make it easy! learn about admissions







student lifeexplore your opportunities to get involved at viu.learn about student life


















leaders, creators, keepers and makers connect at viu, nurturing a good life for generations to come. 





























visit viu’s nanaimo campus

experience viu with all your senses during a campus tour. take in the stunning ocean view and the surrounding forest. explore all the campus has to offer with a student ambassador as your guide. take a campus tour



















viu news











                viu news & experts: february 14, 2025
              


      canada-us relations experts 🇨🇦🇺🇸 we know what is happening with our neighbour to the south is top of mind for everyone right now, and will be for quite some...
    













                viu news & experts: february 5, 2025
              


      the black history month edition in this issue of viu news & experts:   black history month events and experts weighing marmots in the wild truck donation...
    













                viu nanaimo campus on track to re-open today (february 5) 
              


      update: february 5, 2025: viu’s nanaimo campus will re-open at noon today (wednesday, february 5) after a severe weather closure. viu’s cowichan and...
    









viu events





      feb
    

      18
    




                safetalk
              


      safetalk is a face-to-face workshop featuring powerful presentations, audiovisuals, and skills practice. at a livingworks safetalk workshop, you'll learn how…
    







      feb
    

      18
    




                student exchange support sessions
              


      exchange is an incredible opportunity to explore new cultures, gain global experience, and broaden your academic and personal horizons.  our exchange support…
    







      feb
    

      19
    




                esthetics program student spa clinic
              


      the viu student spa clinic located on vancouver island university’s nanaimo campus.  our clinic is a teaching facility, where students enrolled in the…
    







      feb
    

      19
    




                meet viu at cowichan
              


      discover all that vancouver island university has to offer at the meet viu at cowichan.  this is a fantastic opportunity for prospective students and community…
    


































aiden kilcommons

if i was only able to take away one thing from my experience here at viu it would be the relationships i have been able to form with these amazing people. i have learned so much not only about geology, but life in general and will cherish the memories made for the rest of my life.bachelor of science, geoscience


      how to become a viu student
  
























phone-squarephone-square icon




connect with us!


      phone or email us
  







info-circleinfo-circle icon




events and info sessions


      view events
  







pen-squarepen-square icon




ready to join us at viu?


      start your application
  























facebook-square facebook




twitter twitter




instagram instagram




youtube youtube




linkedin linked-in










vancouver island university

    nanaimo (main campus)
900 fifth street
nanaimo, bc v9r 5s5
canada
  

250.753.3245
1.888.920.2221


campus map

parking









campuses

campuses


nanaimo (main campus)


cowichan


tiwšɛmawtxʷ (powell river)









footer buttons primary


news


give to viu




footer buttons secondary


events


media


careers




the viu community acknowledges and thanks the snuneymuxw, quw’utsun, tla’amin, snaw-naw-as and qualicum first nation on whose traditional lands we teach, learn, research, live and share knowledge.


viu terms menu



accreditation


terms


emergency information


website feedback





copyright 2025 vancouver island university
















