



society for judgment and decision making














about
history and records
current committees
past officers
by-laws
meeting programs
memorabilia
code of conduct


publications

journal (new site)
journal (old site)
book series
newsletters


awards

beattie award
best paper award
einhorn-hogarth award
hogarth memorial
student poster award
yates award


resources

dmidi
research
teaching
mailing list
course syllabi
related sites
blogs
related publications
decision analysis
phd programs
humor?


join, pay dues, register, donate
for members

change membership information (or quit)
change email preferences
pay dues
conference registration
conference submission
retrieve password
minutes of past meetings
how we do things


search

google search of this site
judgment and decision making (full journal)
namazu search of newsletters, mailing-list, programs, jdm < 2023






the society for judgment and decision making
the society for judgment and decision making is an interdisciplinary academic organization dedicated to the study of normative, descriptive, and prescriptive theories of judgments and decisions. its members include psychologists, economists, organizational researchers, decision analysts, and other decision researchers. the society's primary event is its annual meeting, at which society members present their research. it also publishes the journal 
judgment and decision making. information about sjdm membership is here.
sjdm/eadm virtual symposium january 2025
sjdm and eadm have been organizing regular joint virtual symposia, which have the goal of profiling important work on a topic of general interest to the decision making community, while also strengthening ties between the two societies. we are pleased to invite you to the fourth such symposium, to be held on january 23, 2025, on the topic of climate change. the symposium will take place from 7-9am pst (e.g. los angeles), which is 10am-noon est (e.g. nyc), 3-5pm gmt (e.g. london), 4-6pm cet (e.g. berlin), and 5-7pm ist (e.g. tel aviv).

zoom link: https://purdue-edu.zoom.us/j/96647425213?pwd=ortzxrj9eb0labmyzlxba1buzflvzc.1

the schedule is as follows (all times in pst, e.g. los angeles):
07:00 to 07:20am: helen fischer - being right vs. knowing when you're not: exploring metacognition in climate change.
07:20 to 07:40am: antonia krefeld-schwalb - fostering sustainable behavior with interventions targeted to individual motives.
07:40 to 08:00am: breakout rooms with networking and discussion
08:00 to 09:00am: wändi bruine de bruin - communicating the climate crisis? the power of language and framing.


sjdm awards
2024 award winners
congratulations to the 2024 best student poster award winners, sjdm best paper award winners, einhorn-hogarth new investigator award winners, jane beattie memorial scholarship winners and j. frank yates memorial student travel winners! 

robin hogarth memorial
robin hogarth passed away earlier this year, and sjdm is collecting memorial donations to fund the einhorn-hogarth new investigator award. more details and donation link here.

sjdm annual meeting 2024
this year's annual meeting of the society for judgment and decision making was held in new york city, ny, november 22-25, 2024 (friday-monday). the **conference program** is available. some posters and talks from the meeting have been posted here.






sjdm doctoral symposium (virtual)
on may 13, 2024, we hosted the second annual sjdm doctoral symposium. here is the program and recordings of each session:
session 1. get to know the different sjdm subcommunities
recording: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nb5bijbsjus
    jdm is a very diverse field, with members belonging to many different subfields and disciplines (psychology, marketing, ob, policy, economics, etc.). this session featured q&a with a panel of renowned faculty representing different subfields within the community.
    panelists: vanessa bohns (cornell), david munguia gomez (yale), silvia saccardo (cmu), dan schley (erasmus)

 session 2. sjdm student poster award winning showcase
 recording: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ewmma9epodm
    this session featured presentations by the winners of the sjdm student poster awards and honorable mentions from the last edition of the annual meeting.
    presenters: tyler fraser macdonald (boston u), daniella turetski (u toronto), m. leonor neto (nyu), olivia fischer (university of zurich), roman gallardo (u chicago)

 session 3. sjdm industry collaboration panel
 recording: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8mzjnt-xq04
    this session was offered for students eager to learn about opportunities outside academic spaces, and also highlight the contributions of sjdm scholars working in industry.
    panelists: lily jampol (readyset), emily rosenzweig (ascension health), dan walco (yankees), rich truncellito (airbnb)

2024 doctoral consortium committee (members rotate upward):
chair: margaret echelbarger (through 2026)
planning:  ioannis evangelidis (through 2027)
planning + coordinating 2024 sjdm poster competition: ellen evers (through 2028)





annual meeting presentations archive
if you presented last year, or will present this year, please consider uploading your presentation slides 
or poster to the sjdm meeting archive:
here are are the talks and posters from past and upcoming meetings (including submissions for the student-poster award).

upload your poster or slides here (from any year, including this one).


past and future meetings

past meeting programs can be found here.
  
tentative schedule for future meetings:
2024 - new york, ny, november 22-25
2025 - denver, co, november 21-24
2026 - san diego, ca, november 20-23
2027 - new orleans, la, november 19-22

sjdm meetings are typically in tandem with those of the
psychonomic society, which
provides assistance to us in various ways.


mailing lists and other email:
mail from sjdm.org is often classified as spam. please put sjdm.org on your
safe sender list if you have one. just moving mail out of a spam folder may do
this. do not use microsoft addresses (@hotmail, @outlook, @live, @msn). they
block our mail without telling you. for other problems with mail, write
jonathanbaron7@gmail.com.

we have two mailing lists. new members are automatically added to both
lists but can unsubscribe from either or both.
the 
sjdm-members list is for communications about society business such
as meetings and elections. this is a very
low-volumue mailing list. if you are a member of this list and you are not getting mail about society
elections and other business, please check the
list archives.
the jdm-society
mailing list is much higher volume and is open to all for reading and posting, but moderated.
if you do not get mail from this list for a while, check its
archives.
in addition, decision science news
often has the latest conference deadlines, jobs, and announcements. 



2025 executive board
don moore (dm@berkeley.edu), president 2025
joe simmons (jsimmo@wharton.upenn.edu), past president  2024
jennifer trueblood (jennifer.s.trueblood@gmail.com), president elect 2026
stephen spiller (stephen.spiller@anderson.ucla.edu), elected member 2023-2025
leif nelson (leif_nelson@haas.berkeley.edu), elected member 2024-2026
ayelet gneezy (agneezy@ucsd.edu), elected member 2025-2027
bud fennema (fennema@fsu.edu), secretary-treasurer
david j. hardisty (david.hardisty@sauder.ubc.ca), webmaster
jon baron (jonathanbaron7@gmail.com), journal editor
dan goldstein (dan@dangoldstein.com), newsletter editor
silvia saccardo (ssaccard@andrew.cmu.edu), program chair 2025
soaham bharti (soaham.bharti@chicagobooth.edu), student representative 2025


sjdm is a member of the federation of associations of behavioral and brain sciences (fabbs). 


web site maintained by dave hardisty, jon westfall, jon baron, dan goldstein,  & sumitava mukherjee, with help from others.
an sjdm website mirror/backup (without mailing lists) is available here.




