






wayeh kennels akc standard alaskan malamutes






























































 












wayeh alaskan malamutes - akc standard mals in tennesseesince 1981, fourteen generations of working housedogs: champions, rally, obedience, therapy, sledding, carting, backpacking, hiking, & weight pull 


about wayeh

home
wayeh, the name
the wayeh story beginnings
the wayeh story today
the breeders: billie, liz & sidney
spotlight
2021 storms


meet the dogs

our girls

retired


our boys
rip
litters since 2017
wayeh photo albums 1981-present
100 years of malamutes
sidney’s siberians


available

please read this first
available puppies
available dogs
lori ann hicks’ masasyu rescue


working housedogs

training goals 2019
conformation (showing)
hiking, camping, & backpacking
obedience, rally-o, & agility
sledding, carting & scootering
therapy & meet-the-breed events
weightpull


faqs

breed info
puppy info
diet
health
housing
socialization
training








about wayeh

- home
- wayeh, the name
- the wayeh story beginnings
- the wayeh story today
- the breeders: billie, liz & sidney
- spotlight
- 2021 storms


meet the dogs

- our girls

- - retired


- our boys
- rip
- litters since 2017
- wayeh photo albums 1981-present
- 100 years of malamutes
- sidney’s siberians


available

- please read this first
- available puppies
- available dogs
- lori ann hicks' masasyu rescue


working housedogs

- training goals 2019
- conformation (showing)
- hiking, camping, & backpacking
- obedience, rally-o, & agility
- sledding, carting & scootering
- therapy & meet-the-breed events
- weightpull


faqs

- breed info
- puppy info
- diet
- health
- housing
- socialization
- training








wayeh beginningswhere we came from.
read morewayeh nowwhere we are now.
read morepuppieswhere we are heading.
read more





wayeh working housedogs
since 1981, wayeh (why-uh) working housedogs has produced fourteen generations of akc alaskan malamutes.  they do the jobs they were originally intended to do (packing, sledding, and weight pulling) while living in a modern home environment (conformation, obedience, and therapy) and sleeping on the couch. the best gift we can give our dogs is a job.

newsflash! despite premature rumors of our closing, wayeh malamutes is alive and kicking. we are, however, streamlining our numbers by placing half our dogs because of a new job as facilities manager at a veterinary clinic which entails a lot of hours away from home. but we are still weightpulling, hiking, backpacking, breeding, and — as it happens — rescuing. in november 2024, upon the death of our friend lori a. hicks, masasyu malamutes, we took in her 11 dogs and are busy with the work of transporting them from ny, building facillities for them, vetting, and rehoming them.

recent posts

lori ann hicks’ masasyu rescue 1/2025
available updated 1/2025
training logs 2024/25 (weightpull with frost, dresden, kyra, etc.)
storms 2021 update
spotlight on wayeh


dreamer dreamin’
the puppy is the first step. the next step is giving them a job. take them for a walk around the neighborhood. take them to town for a walk around a feed store, lumberyard, or pet store. take them to the mountains. go for a hike, climb a mountain, or hang a hammock… just go!
wayeh malamutes are up for any challenge.  they can do just about anything you decide to do. 
as a breeder it is my responsibility to only use dogs who are a credit to their breed.  as owners it is your responsibility to give the dogs a job they love.
if for no other reason than a tired dog is an obedient dog.
wayeh mals are ambassadors for the breed wherever they go.  

from therapy visits to nursing homes and shut-ins.
from seizure-alert to service dogs.  
early morning loose-leash walks to companion dog excellents, multi-numbered raes, and the world’s first rally obedience champion, any breed, any kennel club, any where on the planet.  
from hiking the cumberland trail segments to week-long winter camping trips in the frozen north.  
from pulling brush in the backyard to weightpull titles and regional medals.  
from zipping around a bike path on a scooter to back-country carting.  
from chasing varmints in the garden to nose work, barn hunt, and tracking titles.  
from splashing on the shoreline to dock diving.   
from playtime at your local dog park to two generations of rom bitches, top southern area and nationally ranked malamutes, multiple group-winning and multiple best in show malamutes.  

alaskan malamutes aren’t just a hobby, they’re a lifestyle. take them with you to pick up the mail, it’ll make their whole day. take them with you on a walk around the neighborhood, on a trip to the store, up in the mountains or down to the shore. it’ll be good for them, great for you. just get up and go.






category searchcategory search
select category
breed info
malped
health
puppy info
socialization
siberians
training
our girls
conformation
our boys
obedience, rally-o, & agility
retired dogs
hiking, camping & backpacking
rip
sledding, carting, & scootering
training logs
therapy & meet-the-breed events
working dogs
weight pull
about wayeh
available dogs
litters
diet
musings
spotlight
storm21
housing
masasyu
litternotes
uncategorized
albums


at wayeh, we choose temperament, health, structure, working ability and then type — because a good malamute must be a good dog first.learn moreconformation (showing)
hiking, camping, & backpacking
obedience, rally-o, & agility
sledding, or misadventures of a southern dogsledder
therapy & meet-the-breed events
weightpull






 temperament, health, structure, working ability, and then type – because a good malamute must be a good dog first.

 sidney helen sachs * 30748 rhea county highway, spring city, tn 37381 * 423-365-6039 * sleddog@pobox.com





			developed by think up themes ltd. powered by wordpress.			



















