











kestrel ridge golf course














































































 





 



























membership
tee times & specials

0 items
 












golf

golf course
tee times and rates
membership
leagues
latest news


instruction

pga golf professionals
lessons
junior golf


outings
weddings & events

weddings & events
fees & faqs


bar and grill
shop

golf shop
shop online


contact

employment opportunities


 


select page


  
 
 











kestrel ridge golf course

designed with every golfer in mind

book a tee time








year-round friday fish fries!
we will be hosting friday fish fries every week! join us for dine-in or take out and enjoy some tasty wisconsin classics like beer-battered cod, fried perch and clam chowder.
fish fry is available every friday night from 4:30-9pm in our downstairs bar & grill.
check out our fin-tastic fish fry and full menus below!
friday night menu
full menu















benefits of membership at kestrel ridge

unlimited course access: our 18-hole golf course takes full advantage of the stunning countryside to offer a challenging yet fair round to players of any skill level.
practice facilities: our well-maintained practice facilities allow you to work on your game in a controlled atmosphere.
pga professionals: kestrel ridge pga professionals provides an approachable environment and personalized instruction to help you improve your skills.
dining: at kestrel ridge bar and grill, our food and drink options are matched only by our service. with an ever-changing menu that includes daily specials, homemade soups, burgers and wraps, it’s the perfect place to unwind after a round.
discounts: members at kestrel ridge golf course receive discounts to be used in our golf shop.
guest access: membership packages also include complimentary guest passes.


2025 membership packages
if you have questions about our 2024 membership packages, please call or email:
paul kostelac, pgahead golf professionaltelephone: (920) 623-4653, ext. 13email: paulkostelac@kestrelridgegolf.com









tee times
tee off at kestrel ridge

book one now





events
outings, parties and more

schedule event





weddings
celebrations at a value

plan a wedding













best-in-class course layout with unmatched views
playing from 5,975 yards at its longest set of tees, kestrel ridge golf course offers a scenic challenge to every kind of golfer. our exceptional layout and dedication to service result in a great experience for all who visit. with wide open views of the countryside and a laid back, welcoming atmosphere, there is always a reason to book your tee time or become a member.
located in columbus, wisconsin, kestrel ridge is a short getaway from milwaukee and only 20 minutes from the east side of madison. plus, the area offers many great activities and events for you and your family to enjoy.
you’ll never have to worry about weather getting in the way of your golf game, because our kestrel ridge team offers a 94.4% weather guarantee! if we call you off the golf course due to severe weather and you have to abandon your round before you tee off the 18th hole, we will refund you 100% of the paid amount for your round in the form of a rain check.
plus, we offer $5 off for active and retired military members, first responders, and seniors over the age of 60.  these specials are valid anytime, except with other offers.  we do not assume so please let us know when checking in for your tee time that you fall into one of these discount categories.
 

book a tee time













stunning events without the pricetag
with breathtaking amenities to accommodate both indoor and outdoor celebrations, kestrel ridge golf course offers memorable events at a value. our outdoor ceremony space features one-of-a-kind wooden benches and an arch made out of refurbished barn beams, while the indoor venue offers crisp linens, dark woods, sparkling crystal and panoramic views of the golf course.
the kestrel ridge staff consists of fully-trained (and licensed) personnel well-versed on the importance of executing your plans without a hitch. events for as many as 250 individuals can be comfortably seated. choose from our extensive and unique menu to offer your guests an exceptional dining experience.

book your event














 










kestrel ridge golf course
900 avalon road
columbus, wi 53925
(920) 623-golf (4653)

followfollowfollow







tee times & specials weddings & events contact us shop online







© 2025 kestrel ridge golf course



 


































