







catalina weddings





























































































    



oops! it appears that you have disabled your javascript. in order for you to see this page as it is meant to appear, we ask that you please re-enable your javascript!





















0shopping carthome
book your event
packages

runaway basic
runaway basic w/ 50 photo’s
runaway basic w/ 100 photo’s
golden getaway
sweetheart special
aloha catalina
diamond deluxe


payments
reservation form
contact
search




menu



 






welcome to catalina wedding by avalon magical weddingscreating fairy tale moments on the island of romance.


catalina wedding-avalon magical weddings – since 1993
we can help you make your destination wedding
plans affordable, simple and easy to do!.


packages
avalon magical weddings specializes in planning your party from start to finish, let us worry about the planning, the set up, the break down and the clean up, while you focus on hosting and entertaining your guests.
contact us today to start planning your event! more…

 magical wedding
escape to a hidden getaway for your dream wedding — catalina island, with its crystal clear bays. our coordinators look forward to helping you plan a beautiful, stress-free wedding at the avalon magical weddings.
more…

 ceremony
for a beautiful, intimate wedding, 
more…


stay up to date with our newsletter
name * e-mail * this contact form is deactivated because you refused to accept google recaptcha service which is necessary to validate any messages sent by the form.

let’s plan your dream wedding together.
avalon magical weddings is here to make your event stress-free, memorable, and a huge success! we recognize each event as a serious undertaking and treat it as if it were our own, with the understanding that each event is unique with a reflection of your personality and ideas.
when you close your eyes, how do you envision your wedding day? are you looking for an unforgettable and seamless experience for both you and your guests from the moment you walk down the aisle, to enjoying your carefully crafted signature drink at cocktail hour, to the very last dance of the night? is the idea of a totally disorganized wedding day keeping your stomach in knots?
there are so many moving pieces when it comes to executing your wedding day and we can help you navigate through it all with our various wedding planning services, designed to make your wedding day stress-free! in order to provide the highest level of service to every one of our couples and to ensure each event is uniquely you. let’s get started! we can’t wait to meet you!



what our customers say about us

catalina wedding did an amazing job making my wedding reception perfect in every way. the staff was so friendly and attentive. thank you to everyone at catalina wedding who made our day everything we dreamed of!
erin from new york-  
i wanted to thank you and your entire team for making our engagement party so perfect! catalina is a beautiful location and was exactly what we were looking for to get our families together in an intimate setting to meet and mingle. everyone who attended the party enjoyed the food and the venue….
christian mark from florida-
previousnext

share our websiteshare on facebookshare on twittershare on pinterestshare on linkedinshare on tumblr
   

avalon magical weddings we offer a wide array of quality wedding, avalon magical weddings offers not only outstanding value for the money, you will experience the world's most beautiful place catalina island.
call today for your free consultation and speak with one of our trained professionals. they will provide you with tips to plan your ultimate catalina island wedding experience.

catalina wedding contact person
janeth contreras
mailing address:
catalina wedding events, by avalon magical weddings.
p.o box 1830
avalon, ca 90704
e-mail:
catalinaweddings@gmail.com
phone:
(310) 707-5135

our office hours mon-fri: 8:00am-7:00pm
sat: 8:00am-5:00pm
sun: closed







© 2024 - catalina wedding events site- all rights reserved.designed by  take2design 






scroll to top

translate »

























































