





















aclu of maryland























skip to main content



















 
aclu of maryland 







about

who we are

our team

work with us

board of directors

annual report

chapter/ people power

financial documents

contact us



our work

all issueslegal justice systemfree speecheducationhousing segregation and economic mobilitycivil rightsvoting rights and elections

legal advocacy

legislation

campaigns

covid-19



your rights

ask for legal help

request a know your rights training

know your rights

voter empowerment



news

all blogsi see you = i love youhold on, a change is gonna come: 2024 election reflection between two worlds

press releases

podcast

videos

publications

frequently asked questions

partner organizations



take action

take action

events

get updates

tips on contacting, writing, and meeting with your elected officials



español

donate

donate

join

ways to give







donate

donate

join

ways to give


































defending civil rights and civil liberties in maryland

get our updates
email address *



zip code *






leave this field blank 


 







advocacy in the 2025 general assembly



self-advocacy toolkit – police accountability 



free speech for speakers in support of palestine









blogs 





 

    immigrants' rights  

i see you = i love you 

words matter. our language should validate the experiences and identities of others. we depend on communication to connect.






 

    voting rights and elections  

hold on, a change is gonna come: 2024 election reflection  

as a person on the margins of mainstream america, what i know to be true is who you vote for is a direct reflection of who you are.






 

    immigrants' rights  

between two worlds 

growing up in el salvador was a beautiful experience. i cherish it deeply. whenever i’m in the states, i find myself longing for those lazy afternoons, swinging in a hammock – my music in the air as i cool... 







press releases 





january 8, 2025 

calvert sheriff agrees to produce overdue policing records free-of-charge 

calvert sheriff agrees to produce overdue policing records free-of-charge, pay legal fees to aclu, after appeals court rejects government position as “sheer nonsense”






november 21, 2024 

question e victory gives baltimoreans new voice in police accountability 

question e ratification secures local control of bpd, after a 12-year campaign






november 20, 2024 

civil rights organizations defending public education for baltimore city schoolchildren respond to maryland appellate court’s recent ruling  

on november 12, the appellate court of maryland dismissed a lawsuit brought on behalf of families with children in baltimore city public schools (bcpss) challenging the state’s chronic failure to provide... 










 


your rights while protesting 

get information on your rights while protesting, when you encounter police at protests, and if you are not a u.s. citizen. also find out where you can protest and where you need a permit.

know your rights









in the courtsour legal program works with state residents and partners to realize the promise of our constitution and bill of rights, with a focus on using the courts to protect and expand the rights of marylanders – especially those whose rights have not been respected in the past due to white supremacy ingrained in our justice system.defend anton's law in montgomery countyupdate: on february 24, 2023, judge karla smith granted the right of the maryland coalition for justice and police accountability to intervene in the montgomery county fop lawsuit. the judge vacated montgomery county’s agreement with the fop to litigate the case in secret, saying it was improper.
defend anton's law in montgomery countyall court cases







take action






let every person who is incarcerated vote


 

add your name 

 




need help? 


 

ask for legal help 

 




reparations for slavery now


 

take action 

 





 








search aclu-md.org 








need help?
press
join
donate







aclu on facebook
aclu on x
aclu on instagram
aclu on youtube






© 2024 aclu of maryland





user agreement
privacy statement
website accessibility




















