
      friendship state bank | your reliable local banking partner
     








homeskip to main contentskip to footerdownload acrobat reader 5.0 or higher to view .pdf files.     
      friendship state bank | your reliable local banking partner
    fdic-insured - backed by the full faith and credit of the u.s. governmentfriendship state bank  toggle navigation    menuclose menu

personal


checking

savings

autobooks | accept payments & send invoices

cds, iras, and hsas

cashplease | small-dollar, short-term loans

personal insurance

wealth management



business


checking

savings

autobooks - accept payments & send invoices

business services

business insurance

request a call back from a business specialist



loans


apply now

home loans

debt consolidation

personal loans

small-dollar, short-term loans | cashplease

business loans

your lending team



resources


2025 scholarship application

blog

donation request form

secure document upload

switch kit

for sale

your security

financial calculators



about


contact us

hours & locations

careers

meet our leaders

your lending team

history

annual financial statements



rates


mortgage rates

deposit rates



 search close loginclose close online bankingwelcome back!log in to your account.usernamesign inforgot passwordenroll  close searchwhat can we help you find?search start site searchfriendship state bank 





























 investing in your future—apply for our scholarship today! 
we believe in your dreams. friendship state bank is proud to award scholarships to three local high school seniors, helping them take the next step in their education.

learn more & apply now
 
deadline to apply: april 4, 2025










  



















   play main slider/pause main slider 
trustpilot
   start the friendship. build your future.
whether you’re opening your first checking account, building savings for the future, or financing your dream home, our banking solutions and experience are here to support you every step of the way.    checking accounts

  savings accounts
 
  home loans
 
  auto loans

  business

   





mind your business
devote your full energy to running your business, and less to cross-checking bank fees. 


support from experienced commercial bankers.
time saving banking tools.
and much more! 

take me to business accounts


  






can we tag along? 
with digital banking, we go with you! all of our banking services are available right at your fingertips.


check your balance
make deposits
transfer funds

learn about digital banking



  





personal accounts
modern banking for your on-the-go lifestyle. 


manage your finances
plan for the future
and much more

go to personal accounts


 play secondary area slider/pause secondary area slider    3 must dos before house shopping  dreaming of a new home? before you secure a real estate agent and start attending open houses, consider these tips. pausing to create a plan will ensure a smooth journey through the home shopping and buying process.

read article  3 ways to establish credit  establishing credit is more important than ever. it is not only beneficial when qualifying for a credit card, vehicle loan, or home loan. good credit impacts your insurance rates and many employers conduct credit checks before hiring employees.
 
read article  save for your home down  payment  does saving for a traditional home down payment seem out of reach? take a moment to determine what you will need to save. open a savings account and consider these ideas to get started, gain momentum, and save big money long term.

read article   stay in the know!  keep up to date on all things the friendship state bank! including upcoming events and fraud alerts! sign up close newsletter signup   subscribe. 
leave me blank for email collection.

first name * (newsletter signup) last name * (newsletter signup) email address * (newsletter signup) sign up there was an error submitting the form.noticethis form requires javascript be turned on for it to work. please turn on javascript and refresh the page if you would like to submit an online form. if you cannot turn on javascript, we encourage you to contact your nearest branch location. thank you.

you've been added to our list! we appreciate your interest. got itback to the topfriendship state bank 

connect


contact us

locate us

careers

facebook



legal


privacy policy

disclosures

friendship bancorp annual reports

nmls #454283

routing #074909988



tools


apply for a loan

open an account

secure document upload

order checks

apply for a credit card





facebook

instagram

©  friendship state bankmember fdicequal housing lendercreated by jack henry digital 

read more on our accessibility statement 


