


















careers education programs that inspire | cascaid
























































how it works

for secondary schools
for adults


support
about us
log in

xello
kudos
kudos ad





contact us



















careers education programs that inspire

          whether you’re searching for a trusted solution to engage every student at your secondary school with careers education, or supporting adults through challenging career transitions, cascaid can help.



            explore products
          

































with over 50 years of experience, cascaid is a trusted partner for schools and colleges across the uk and europe.

























    products and services to support every educator’s needs
  

      online careers education programmes built for secondary school and college leaders, and adult careers education professionals.
    

















              for schools
            

              prepare students for real-world success
            

are you a careers leader, head of sixth form or deputy headteacher looking to better equip students with the knowledge, skills and plans to succeed in school, career and life?
xello is a whole-school approach to careers guidance that will engage your students. turn-key lessons support your pshe and careers education curriculum. while powerful reporting tools show off the progress of your careers education strategy.



                explore xello
              




















              for academy trusts
            

              centralised data to drive your careers strategy
            

are you a trust leader with responsibility for careers education? or a careers leader that works across multiple schools within a trust?
xello is a trust-wide solution that provides time and cost savings. centralised reporting helps to level up your careers strategy so you deliver a personalised and consistent student experience.



                explore xello
              




















              for local authorities
            

              connect students with the local labour market
            

are you an enterprise coordinator and regional lead for careers education?
with xello, you can extend high-quality careers provision to schools and colleges across the region, and benefit from centralised, at-a-glance reporting that helps focus a regional careers strategy.



                explore xello
              




















              for adult provision
            

              career planning for adults
            

are you a career development specialist looking for a tool to support your adult clientele explore career and training opportunities?
kudos ad encourages adults to discover alternative pathways and connect their skills and interests to potential careers.



                explore kudos ad
              













            subscribe to the cascaid newsletter
          


            receive event invitations, insights, and practical tips about engaging secondary school students in future planning straight to your inbox.
          








"*" indicates required fields

first name*last name*work email*

school, college, or organisation*

opt in to receive marketing emails, such as our monthly newsletter full of articles, information, and insights about how to best engage students in preparing for post-secondary success (you can opt-out at any time).
phonethis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
  






























how it works

for secondary schools
for adults


support
about us


contact            

              cascaid ltd 
dock, 75 exploration drive 
leicester 
le4 5nu 


+ 44 (0)1509 381070 
enquiry@cascaid.co.uk



contact us



























© 2025 cascaid ltd.
terms & conditions
privacy policy


            change cookie preferences  

            change cookie preferences  






























we use cookies on our website to provide the best possible user experience. you can change your settings at any time. for full details about how we use cookies view our privacy policy.


        ok
      
privacy policy
manage cookies
      







