














mike's machine guns.com





















my favorite linksmachinegun books.comsturmgewehr.comif you own a thompson of any make or style, you must join up with the "the american thompson association". click the logo to go to the new website and join today.attention:thompson submachine gun owners!!nfa firearms for saleknob creek gun rangehave a picture or two of you and your guns? email it to me and i'll put it on the website.have somethingâ thompsonâ related you found in a closet? not sure what it is? email me, i might be able to help, you never know. i also buy thompson guns. i am a collector not a dealer. thank you.page 2page 3click on for larger imagethompson stocksdo you need new wood for your thompson? well who doesn't? dan makes great stocks and grips for your thompson to show off or just as a backup set to have.â thompson stocks.comâ comes very highly recommended from the staff and shooters at mikes machine guns!â this mint condition 1921 colt thompson was just purchased for $13,000 with original drum and fbi case. i won't tell you where or who, but it isâ veryâ nice and purchased from the 2nd owner, a very elderly gentleman.the "irish sword" thompson'sa unique photo of four "irish swords" all brothers in arms.serial numbers are, from front to back, 708, 586,389 & 993.note the "first 1000" aut-ord-co bullet logo on the top of the receivers.development of the thompson submachine gun, by theodore h. eickhoffthis little history was written by theodore eickhoff about his experience with john thompson and developing the thompson sub machine gun. this is copied word for word from a personal typed letter by mr. eickhoff to his family. i have a original copy of this given to me by a friend of the eickhoff family. i have it locked away in museum grade archive sleeves in a safe.custom engraved thompson sub machine gunnac gun #45. absolutely beautiful!nac thompson sub machine gun #45 â  â awesome! guns' original cost was $300mike's machine guns2007 tca photosclick the photo to go to the new pagerecoil springs for saleatlantacutlery.commuseum replicaslike or don't like what you see? let me know please.fanmailinformative thompson pagefor great information on gangster history.al capone museumall photos are property of mikesmachineguns.com and cannot be used without permission.

john t. thompsonjohn t. thompsonfirearmstalk.comthe john dillinger thompson.â thompsn sub-machine gun #7387 was stolen by john h. dillnger jr. while making his famous escape with a wooden pistol from the crown point indiana jail. in the process, john stole two thompsons from the jail armory. this gun is in the famous photo of john with this thompson and wooden pistol taken at the family reunion in mooresville indiana. this is proven from ballistics and the fact that this gun has the cutts compensator and the other gun stolen, did not.machineguns 4 salehelp me raise money for the leukemia society.donate at this link today.â leukemia fundraiserwebsite designed at homestead™ list your business for free









