






home page - miniscience






































































skip to content
















homeproducts

electricity products revolution counters, rotary counters counters and measuring wheels rubber tubing, natural latex gallery
galleryother projectsstem projects/instructionsprojectspartner with ustoggle website search










menu
close





home
products

electricity products
revolution counters, rotary counters
counters and measuring wheels
rubber tubing, natural latex
gallery


gallery
other projects
stem projects/instructions
projects
partner with us
toggle website search




 






















this is the new miniscience website and we are still working on it. the old website is still accessible using this link or the red button below the school bus.  most projects are still in the old website. the same is true about the instructions for science kits and both can be accessed using the green buttons in this page. 


















new online store










science project ideas and instructions










instructions for science kits










online catalog














visit old website



















an introductory level guide to experimental science projectan intermediate guide to experimental science projectwhat makes a good science projectrelated linksmetals collection,educational models: heart, eye, ear, brain, kidney, torso 












 




new online store 







 



old online store 















this will be the new website of miniscience 



you can still access the old website of miniscience. 











order online at miniscience online store or sciencekitstore 











 








 









 
















 

 

 

 





 

 

 

 

 

 


 

 





















about us miniscience is a wholesale supplier of science and technology education products. our product catalog is online and orders are received via our online stores. educators and retail suppliers may contact us via email or phone for additional support and information.

 

contact address:
1059 main avenue
clifton, new jersey 07011
tel: (973) 777-3113
email: sales @ miniscience . com

 



related links 
new online store
old online store
old miniscience website
miniscience online catalog
sciencekitstore.com
download w-9 


 





				copyright 2025 - miniscience inc.			









































