











elpueblo - el pueblo
























































 







																								welcome to el pueblo!
																							
















home
about us
our work

faith action id
leadership development
policy change
direct services
la fiesta del pueblo


news
contact
english
donate
let's talk
elpueblo@elpueblo.org+1 1-919.835.1525

search

















 






familias segurasguia de emergencia para inmigrantesconsulta la guía en línea desde tu celular o computadora.ver pdf







welcome to el puebloel pueblo unido jamás será vencidonewsletter
abortion freedoms!abortionaborto







nc latine voterslearn more





https://elpueblo.org/wp-content/uploads/2023/09/pexels-christopher-12369897-1080p.mp4

leadership developmentabout uslearn moreour worklearn morefaith action ideventsjoin our missionsupportleadership for actionthrough leadership development, advocacy, media literacy, cultural programming, and civic engagement, el pueblo works alongside youth and adults in our community to build our collective strength.
read morepolicy changewe work with latinx community members to develop leadership skills, encouraging el pueblo participants to become advocates on behalf of themselves and their communities around policy issues at the local and state level.


cultural celebrationthrough la fiesta del pueblo and other cultural events, we foster multicultural understanding and appreciation of the diversity of latin american culture to a large, diverse audience in the triangle.
read more

about uswho we arewe are folks who are passionate about the community that we live in. our commitment to be for the community, by the community is at the forefront of our work. we come from diverse latin american backgrounds with deep roots in north carolina and we continue to learn and grow alongside our neighbors.
learn more




first time voter?learn more
get to knowaccessibility at el puebloin order to bring everyone into the folds of our work we have to be intentional about making that work accessible. we are currently working on expanding accessibility in every area of our work- planning so that the burden of meeting needs is not placed on our community members.
learn more


support our leaders' work!support our work by donatingdonate
  


january 30, 2025immigration emergency guide for latine families in nc released by el pueblo in response to community fears



january 30, 2025el pueblo lanza una guía de emergencia migratoria en español para las familias latinas



december 20, 2024el centro de justicia de nc y el pueblo realizarán charla virtual sobre hb10



november 21, 2024ep in the news- november 2024
 
 
instagram feedfacebook feed
























el pueblo unido jamás será vencidonewsletter


affiliated organizations


la fuerza


votemos nc
quick linksla fiesta del pueblo
leadership development
faithaction id
annual report 2023
contact info

919.835.1525



elpueblo@elpueblo.org





copyright 2024 ©  |  el pueblo 


 
 



















 

privacy preference center







privacy preferences

















close this module
you are leaving el puebloby clicking "go" below, you will be directed to a website operated by an independent la fuerza 501(c)(4) entity. you will be redirected to: https://lafuerzanc.org/
go



english







































