




good's furniture | kewanee, peoria, quad cities, bloomington, geneseo, galesburg, iowa city, rockford, springfield, la salle / peru region






















skip to main content



















search























                        location_on
                    


come say hello!


good's furniture
200 north main stkewanee, il 61443
(309) 937-5656



get directions





account_circle




cart


0






search





search
















location


view cart 0


sign in












































welcome to the largest furniture & mattress destination of the midwest!since 1895, we are a family operated destination furniture and mattress store with 12 buildings filled with something for everyone!stop by and see us!your browser does not support the video tag.click here to view this video on youtube!start browsingshop allliving roomdining roombedroomentertainmenthome officeaccentskidsmattressesshop good's outlet items


start browsing









living room







dining room







bedroom







office







accents







entertainment







mattresses







kids







shop all

design serviceslet us put together a look that's perfectly you. our designers have helped thousands of customers get exactly the look they want.stop in our store and let us help you dream up your perfect space.make an appointmentrecharge in comfortjust like people, each piece of stressless® furniture is a fine-tuned instrument. our furniture loves movement and strives for the optimal balance between softness and support. that’s why recharging in stressless® furniture feels different – it speaks the same language as your body.shop stresslesslet us help you find your perfect dining setwith endless options to shop from, we are here to help. we are your one stop shop for all of your furniture needs!browse optionsreclining in styleit's all about motion furniture, and we have the largest selection around! let us help you bring your home to life with one of our top recliners.shop nowfind your work flowwith endless options to shop from, we are here to help. we are your one stop shop for all of your furniture needs!browse optionsour large variety offers something for everyonewe make sure that we have options for everyone at various price points.we know how important it is to find your perfect piece at your perfect price, and our dedicated staff will help you find it.learn morethe good's experiencevisit our campus of 12 historic, multilevel buildings situated on 3 city blocks! you will find america's most wanted furniture and accessories in inspiring displays. no matter where you are in life, we have an inordinate amount of furniture to match your style and your budget.learn morethe suites at good'sturn a furniture shopping trip into a weekend that you'll never forget! book your stay today. our team is ready to welcome you with legendary midwestern hospitality and make your stay a memorable one.learn moregood's sleep store• over 40 styles to choose from• many in stock and ready for immediate pick up or premium delivery• bedmatch sleep system- let science recommend the best mattress for you• queen mattresses starting at $299find the perfect mattress in our sleep shopexperience our sleep storepremium in home delivery and set uplearn morefinancing optionslearn moreour storylearn morefurniture protectionlearn moregood's price guaranteewe offer our best price every day, to everyone. at good's, you can trust that you are getting the best value and service every day. we do not participate in the common retail practice of artificially inflating prices one day, just to have a bogus sale the next. our objective is to always offer the lowest possible price on everything we sell, to everyone.learn more


relax & recline
view our specialty motion furniture.


 lioni collection - power sofa  


$3,709.99



 
 sedgefield collection - sedgefield power lift recliner  


$1,279.99



 
 latitudes - henry collection - power reclining living room group  


$5,370.00



 
 latitudes - cody collection - power gliding recliner  


$1,999.99



 
 latitudes - cody collection - power reclining loveseat  


$2,999.99



 
 arlo collection - power headrest and lumbar console loveseat  


$2,999.99



 
 marley collection - power recliner with power headrest  


$1,749.99



 
 latitudes - kenner collection - power lift recliner  


$1,649.99



 
 latitudes - atlas collection - power recliner  


$1,649.99



 
 arlo collection - power headrest and lumbar reclining sofa  


$2,899.99



 





shop all

explorecoffee tablessectionalsdining setssleeper sofasaccent chairstv standsshop by styleshop allcasualfarmhouseindustrialmid-centurytraditionaltransitional


shop by style









casual







farmhouse







industrial







mid-century







traditional







transitional







shop all

follow us on instagramlearn more about exclusive promotions, see inspirational room settings and get to know our team.







good's furniture features a great selection of sofas, sectionals, recliners, chairs, leather furniture, custom upholstery, beds, mattresses, dressers, nightstands, dining sets, kitchen storage, office furniture, entertainment and can help you with your home design and decorating. good's furniture offers great quality furniture, at a low price to the kewanee, peoria, quad cities, bloomington, geneseo, galesburg, iowa city, rockford, springfield, la salle / peru region area.
information accuracy - we have taken great care to provide you with information that is accurate and useful. please notify us if you find an error and we will do our best to correct it. we ask that you contact us directly to confirm information about pricing, color, features, dimensions, availability and lead times.







shopliving roombedroomdining roomofficemattressesentertainmentaccessoriesoutdoorstore infoabout uscareersgood's experiencethe suitesnewsour locationcustomer servicefinancingdesign servicesmy accountsign up for emaildelivery & setupfurniture carefurniture safety tipsfurniture protectionterms and conditionstoolsroom plannerpromotionsbrands we carry

location




good's furniture
200 north main stkewanee, il 61443
(309) 937-5656
(309) 937-5611
monday:9:00 a.m. - 5:00 p.m.tuesday:9:00 a.m. - 5:00 p.m.wednesday:9:00 a.m. - 5:00 p.m.thursday:9:00 a.m. - 5:00 p.m.friday:9:00 a.m. - 5:00 p.m.saturday:9:00 a.m. - 5:00 p.m.sunday:9:00 a.m. - 5:00 p.m.for your convenience, our warehouse is open 6 days a week for furniture pick-up. monday-saturday 9-4.holiday hours:we are closed december 24th and 25th.


get directions














 
sign-up for special offers and promotions.




submitting...



contact notes - required*

do you agree to the terms of service?








privacy policy
accessibility statement
do not sell my personal information







                    site powered by furnituredealer.net © 2006 - 2025 furnituredealer.net, inc., all rights reserved. 
                
nothing on this page may be copied or reproduced without explicit permission.






















    

?


