






antique victorian 19th century lighting & lamps





























 


 
 


 
 


 
 


 




 


 
 


 
 


 
 


 



























the 19th century lighting co.
 is the largest stocking dealer of restored victorian patterned art-glass lamps & lighting in america. american patterned art-glass lamps and lighting fixtures are offered in "restored" and in some cases, "as found", condition. we have been in the antique lighting business since 1972, and in over 50+ years, you learn what you want to carry and what you don't. we decided a long time ago that we were not interested in stocking or selling any of the common or low quality lighting pieces. we decided to buy and sell only the best of the best in american patterned art-glass lamps and lighting devices & our customers have thanked us over & over for it by returning to purchase lamp after lamp. we have been able to build the largest inventory of restored victorian patterned art-glass in america. we regularly sell to museums, antique dealers, collectors and lighting enthusiasts from all walks of life all over the world. as you will see as you navigate through our site, we offer only the choicest, the rarest and most the unusual 19th century american patterned art-glass (a.p.a.g.) lamps and lighting devices - we do not carry the more common items that are more easily obtainable, and we only deal in first quality, 100% original, 100% complete and 100% authentic lamps and lighting fixtures. we give every customer individual attention and guarantee our lamps & lighting fixtures.


cyber-catalog:
our shop in union city is open by appointment only but we are proud to present our constantly expanding "lighting gallery cyber-catalog". our catalog not only serves as our inventory but also as a 
what's available in the world of antique kerosene lighting
. in many cases we may have multiple lamps for a particular pattern shown on our site. we invite you to browse through our collection of the rarest and most unusual american patterned art-glass lamps and lighting devices on the internet at your leisure, 24 hours/day - 7 days/week. i hope you enjoy the journey through our catalog, and should you have any questions - my name is ron gibson and my email address is located at the bottom of each page - please feel free to contact me.


lamp & lighting restoration:
  in addition to our ever-expanding inventory of victorian patterned art-glass lamps & lighting
    devices we also maintain a full and complete lighting restoration service which has been very popular with our customers.  rarely a week goes by that we don't receive several queries concerning lamp restoration. should you need your lamp completely restored, or just a part replaced - no job is too small or too large.  we can burnish, polish & seal brass; re-plate metals in brass, nickel, copper, silver & gold.  we also offer a service to custom paint new globes to replace your broken globes that will match your existing lamp base perfectly. and we can passively electrify any lamp or chandelier without harm to the original parts.


replacement lamp parts:
  we also maintain a very large stock of replacement parts for most antique kerosene lamps as well as patterned art-glass lamps & lighting devices - both original parts & new replacement parts.  we carry a large selection of replacement globes & shades, over 2 dozen chimney styles and sizes, replacement wicks, smoke bells, burners, lamp oil, electrical wiring harness for safe oil to electric lamp conversions and many other parts too numerous to mention so please contact us for any parts you may be looking for.


appraisal service:
  in addition to our standing inventory and our restoration service and replacement lamp parts, the 19th century lighting company also an antique lamp appraisal service for both inventory and investment purposes.  to locate our appraisal service page - press the “appraisal services” page in the table above.


thank you for visiting:
  new finds of antique lamps and lighting fixtures are added frequently, so we invite you to return often to our cyber-antique lamp shop. bookmark our site with your browser for easy & fast returns to our site.  and. if you are ever in our area, please call ahead for an appointment to visit our real-life "19th century lighting company" antique lamp and lighting shop in the quaint and historical river village of union city, michigan; located just 15 minutes southeast of battle creek.



best wishes & thank you for your time and your consideration,
ron gibson - owner







 



 
copyright 19th century lighting co.
all rights reserved.
216 n broadway st.
union city, michigan 49094
(517) 741-7383 (sms)

email lampman




