



horita company




































 









register
log in


shopping cart
(0)





you have no items in your shopping cart.        




shopping cart (0)


wishlist
(0)


















 























toggle navigation











                smpte/ebu time code
                



ltc readers & generators
            
            


vitc readers & generators
            
            


led displays
            
            


mini portable
            
            


time code translators
            
            





                video & audio production equipment
                



ntsc test signal generators
            
            


blackburst & sync generators
            
            


time & date stamps
            
            


up/ down counters
            
            


character generators
            
            





                gps- based time code and video
                



gps- based video sync generator
            
            


gps- based master ltc generators
            
            


gps time & position overlay
            
            





                accessory items
                



rackmount kits
            
            


power adapters
            
            


cables and adapter kits
            
            


miscellaneous product accessories
            
            




manuals & downloads
            
            

















 all horita products come with an unconditional 30-day money back guarantee
and a three year parts and labor warranty





featured products













trg-100  time code reader/generator


                the trg-100 is a multi-frame rate smpte time code reader/generator with an 8 character red led display suitable for installation in a studio, video production room, large or small editing suite or in a laboratory or test situation. it can both read and generate time code for sd and hd video frame rates and its small desktop size lets it sit conveniently on a desk top, or be rack or wall mounted. the time code reader can discern between 23.976 and 24 fps (frames-per-second) time code and between 29.97 and 30 fps time code and displays the true frame rate. operation is very simple and is controlled from four front panel switches.
            


$663.73






















utg-50   universal smpte time code generator


                the utg-50 is a multi-frame-rate smpte time code generator with an internal gps receiver. the utg-50 is truly universal and can generate at frame rates of 23.976, 24, 25, 29.97 drop/non-drop frame, or 30 fps (frames-per-second). the utg-50 is designed to provide smpte time code that represents accurate “real time” time and date. the smpte time code time value can be preset and locked to gps data via an internal gps receiver, to an internal real-time clock/calendar chip, or to an external time code input.
            


$843.07






















ptg2  portable time code generator with 2 line oled display


                the ptg2 is a palm-sized smpte time code generator/reader that is simple to setup and operate and features a large 2-line oled display readout for time code, user bits, and setup information. the ptg2 is an ideal generator for use with video recorders in multi camera situations where it is necessary for each recording to have the same time code for precise time and image matching during post production. these situations may include sporting events, games, concerts, automobile, aircraft, and boating events, parades, weddings, etc.
            


$458.26






















tcp-50   time code processor


                the tcp-50 is a universal smpte longitudinal time code processor that provides a variety of needed time code processing functions to keep up with the changes and requirements of dealing with multi format longitudinal time code.
            


$541.84





















information

sitemap
a brief history of smpte time code
shipping & returns
guarantee & warranty
paying
privacy notice
about us
contact us



customer service

search 
recently viewed products
new products
product manuals
horita customers



my account

my account
orders
addresses
shopping cart
wishlist



follow us













                        
                        powered by nopcommerce




nopaccelerate core theme
theme by nopaccelerate






                    copyright © 2025 horita company. all rights reserved.
                










