




welcome! : cucina paradiso | oak park, il































































 








 








menus


dinner menu


family style dining menu


wine & beer menu


cocktails menu


valentine's menu




private events


catering


loyalty program


contact us


order online


reservations





 











we want to be your valentine





a hidden gem in oak park since 1995.
cucina paradiso has been creating award winning traditional italian fare, pasta dishes, unique pizzas, crafting cocktails and pouring from our extensive wine list... just for you. our dining room is lovely and lively, with enough extra space for you and yours to host a private party. our cucina is your cucina, and we can make your next event your best event, our place or yours.
come see us, for one of our nightly specials or one of your special nights.cucina tonight.













a hidden gem in oak park since 1995.
cucina paradiso has been creating award winning traditional italian fare, pasta dishes, unique pizzas, crafting cocktails and pouring from our extensive wine list... just for you. our dining room is lovely and lively, with enough extra space for you and yours to host a private party. our cucina is your cucina, and we can make your next event your best event, our place or yours.
come see us, for one of our nightly specials or one of your special nights.cucina tonight.


















staying in?
cucina take-out and delivery




																
																order tonight!


your next event?
celebrate with us.




																
																private events
															








staying in?
cucina take-out and delivery




															
															order tonight!







your next event?
celebrate with us.




														
														private events
													










cucina weekly specials








sunday
homemade lasagna dinner




monday
happy hour: select appetizers at the bardetroit style pizza: for both dine in and carry out




tuesday
prix fixe for $36excludes seafood




wednesday
half off wine bottles with dinner




thursday
15% off take outexcludes online orders




please note:
specials not valid on holidays, subject to change without notice.


 






cucina on instagram







top





reserve your table now














hours:
open everyday:
5:00pm - 9:00pm
 


814 north blvd, oak park, il 60301
708.848.3434


















join the email list




privacy policy








website byfathead design







this website uses cookies to offer you a more personalized experience.   accept


















join our mailing list!
be the first to know about all the happenings at cucina paradiso.
 





full name









email



















 


















order for pick-up or delivery
use the services below, or call us direct: 708.848.3434

















 





















 











