


provides bulk mail services including mailing list data processing












permit #1 mailers inc.

quality, efficiency, & 
                service have made us
                number one in bulk mailing







 


 


 
 
 



permit1 direct mail services
permit #1 mailers inc
		1499 w river road
		minneapolis, mn 55411-3429
		ph 612-767-7375
		fx 612-767-7376
                                          
email
 
 
 
 

 



permit #1 
              mailers in. is a minneapolis, minnesota-based data processing and 
              postal bulk mailhouse that has been providing service for over 21 
              years. many twin city corporations, non-profits, and small businesses 
              count on us to save them money on postage and assure compliance 
              with changing postal regulations.
we are known 
              by and for our extensive knowledge of us postal service rules and 
              regulations, our attention to detail on every project, and our focus 
              on customer service.
call with questions 
              on your mailing needs for bands, business, non-profits, or that 
              huge holiday card project that you dread...! bulk mail can provide 
              you with the lowest mailing rate possible, with little or no sacrifice 
              in quality or delivery. list clean-up can save you $$ by detecting, 
              correcting, or deleting non-valid addresses.


when you 
              contact us about your mailing, data processing, on mail piece 
              addressing project, you can expect friendly knowlegable service 
              that will exceed your expectations.

bulk mailing services
ink jet addressing
ink jet data file formating
computer data processing services
mailing list services
fulfillment services and consulting
direct mail marketing
mailing project consulting
usps postal rate consulting
mailing piece consulting
bulk mail postage savings
direct mail project management










 






 



permit1
	  direct mail industry news
 




 
 
blog
 	  


postal service committed to improving service in new orleans
		the postal service explained that the loss of its new orleans processing and distribution center, the primary mail-processing facility for mail to and from louisiana.
using a mailing service can save businesses time, money
		mailing-services companies' assistance may be more important and timely beginning next month, when postal rates rise by about 5 percent. everything from the color of ink to the shape of an envelope can add cost to a mailing. mailing-services companies sort items, which saves money per piece.

three marketing services firms join forces
		email marketing - complete email marketing services, including campaign development, creative design, list selection, program management, and real-time response reporting. direct mail - develops and fulfills the optimal direct mail strategy, delivering the highest quality of respondents with real-time reporting.

pitney bowes announces third quarter results
		in the u.s., the quarter's revenue growth was favorably impacted by placements of networked digital mailing systems (especially small and mid-sized systems), mail creation equipment, and supplies.
research report suggests retailers avoid status quo and embrace technology to build revenue for 2005 season
		the key to success for small retailers is to identify their best customers, potential niches to cater to, get to know what motivates customers and then interact as individually as possible. 

fp mailing solutions awarded multi million dollar federal government contract for digital postage meters
		francotyp-postalia (fp mailing solutions), a world-class mailroom solutions provider, today announced that it has been awarded a multi million dollar contract from the u.s. postal service’s retail products & services contracting office.
 
pitney bowes names chris baker president of group 1 software subsidiary
		group 1 develops software that provides an integrated customer communication management (ccm) solution, which maximizes the value of customer data and improves the efficiency and effectiveness of customer communications. 
bcc software announces strategic initiative with direct logistics, inc.
		the first result of this partnership is the introduction of truck direct mail (tdm), a free quote-generator interface that will be available in bcc’s user-exclusive online customer portal. tdm offers mailers a hassle-free way to evaluate the value of using a private carrier to transport mailings intended for destination entry drop-shipping.
	  
allianceleads and america direct mail.com partner to create destination-direct.com
		allianceleads and america direct mail.com are well established internet sales leads, direct mail lists, new homeowners list and new business list providers. allianceleads.com specializes in generating qualified sales leads for businesses using the internet. americadirectmail.com is a leader in direct mail lists and services.
$1.8 billion annually; nearly one-third of u.s. mail contains addressing errors
		two other options available to mailers, according to seitz ncoa (national change of address) and fastforward(r) mailing list correction are being merged into ncoalink(tm).  whereas fastforward(r) would only recognize 100 percent matches, ncoalink(tm) will identify addresses that are close but not exact.
potter tells advertisers: use the mail, it works
		postmaster general john e. potter today told more than 400 advertising professionals in troy, mich., that mail is the fastest growing traditional marketing medium, the largest medium in america, and should be included in every marketing plan—because it works
 
mail order business is exploding, and home based business is booming
		the direct marketing toolkit is a comprehensive resource for entrepreneurs who want to start a business from home, or already have a small business and need to learn the time-proven techniques to expand. 

caught in a ‘mailstrom’
		yates is attempting to fire patricia finley, the letter carrier caught in the crossfire of a delivery dispute that led yates to rescind a do-not-deliver order that contravened national postal policy. earlier this week, finley received a “notice of removal” letter that states she will be terminated for leaning too far out of her vehicle and using her truck to push plastic garbage bins out of her path.
 
complete mailing service: it's the answer to your delivery needs
		complete mailing service was asked to prepare, laser print, fold, package, stamp and deliver over 100,000 pieces of mail, for distribution on behalf of a major canadian non-profit agency, soliciting relief donations from canadians from st. john's to victoria.
 
driving the future… print to mail and quality needs
		preparation of mailings requiring personalization or variable messaging particularly in time sensitive situations benefit from “in line” or having the print finishing process lead directly to the mail preparation area.

desktop marketing: doing more with less
		desktop address printers use specially formulated inks developed to deliver crisp legible addresses that do not break down as mail is processed through high speed usps automation equipment, a distinct advantage over laser toner.
	  
secap announces high production addressing from a desktop printer
		based on the highly successful secap® 30k platform, the system is equipped with an innovative split head configuration, delivering the ability to print the address, barcode, message line, return address, logo and indicia in a single pass.
satori software releases new address correction engine
		satori software has developed a completely re-engineered address correction engine that will be shipped beginning with the june/july editions of bulk mailer 5 and mailroom toolkit. these products are united states postal service (usps) coding accuracy support system (cass)-certified, ensuring that users' high volume mailings qualify for the lowest possible postal rates.

postal carriers handle job with care
		the postal service offers good pay and job security, and many applicants will be registering to take the test this week throughout georgia. the civil service exam is for mail carriers, mail processing clerks, mail handlers and sales associates. mail carriers make up the bulk of jobs in the service.
 
buskro - new sapphire inkjet printer & bk1700 controller
		buskro manufactures innovative print technologies, transport bases, tabbing equipment and powerful, easy to use controllers, making creative print and mail personalization easy and affordable.
 
bcc software partners with trackmymail.com to expand mailing services for bcc customers
		since its founding in 2000, trackmymail.com has grown to be the preeminent planet code tracking service for the professional mailing industry. trackmymail.com is a web-based system that supplies users with a planet code number and usps documentation, and reports on tracking results to keep mailers informed as to when mailpieces reach their destinations. with this data, trackmymail.com users can measure mailing effectiveness and better coordinate marketing efforts, among other uses. 
	  
harte-hanks launches adq direct online marketing portal
		by design, adq direct enables companies to enhance the quality of their
		data to support the delivery of marketing and relationship communications
		across all media channels, such as direct mail, phone and e-mail.
	  
post office proposes eagan move
		the move, which would result in the loss of about 1,400 downtown jobs, could effectively position st. paul between minneapolis and major transportation links, such as high-speed rail service to chicago and milwaukee and commuter rail service from north branch along the rush line and from hastings along the red rock corridor.
	  
pitney bowes announces the 'invention of the year' award winner
		ryan's system facilitates the placement of 3rd party targeted advertisements (messages, coupons, web sites addresses, etc.) on the white space of envelopes. specifically, the invention provides an automated solution for pitney bowes to broker the transaction between the mailer and the advertiser.
 
gulfport postal facility installs anthrax detection device
		mail in south mississippi is now safeguarded against the threat of anthrax. the gulfport mail processing center just installed the newest high tech gear to detect bio hazards. it's part of the ongoing response to terrorist threats here at home. 

usps launches small business marketing council
		the council's objective is to serve and address the postal needs of the nation's 20 million small businesses and will focus on developing this vital economic sector's ability to grow and prosper through the use of mail as a business and marketing vehicle.
 
identity theft and ecommerce by robert fleming, cem, president emarketing association
		we have been hearing a lot lately about identity theft. recently, cardsystems, an atlanta based credit card processor, exposed 40 visa, discover, mastercard and american express card numbers and security codes to hackers. 

do dismount – and deliver the mail
		bulk mailers, who often have time-sensitive advertisements, won’t like the impact of this policy on delivery of their product. now called standard mail, bulk mail represents the second-largest category of postal service revenue.
 
adults are purchasing cars based on desire vs. need
		what makes auto loan applicants open direct mail?  66 percent of direct mail readers who plan to apply for an auto loan said they are more likely to open a package that looks interesting.

votehere announces mail-in ballot tracker audit solution
		mail-in balloting is on the rise, especially on the west coast with washington state voting 70% by mail, california voting 40% by mail, and oregon voting 100% by mail. earlier this year, the washington state legislature authorized counties to switch to voting exclusively by mail.
 
patient calls donation letter 'poor marketing decision'
		mass mailings are not unusual for hospitals looking for ways to augment their funds, said sherry mirasola, a spokeswoman for the michigan health & hospital association. "and direct mail is the american way." 

drive sales and retain customers by integrating effective e-mail marketing strategies and techniques
		an april cmo magazine poll of nearly 500 marketing executives reveals that 70 percent cite e-mail marketing as the tactic with the greatest impact on sales.
 
varying degrees of impact on pos malaysia consumers: parcel, postcard and aerogramme and bulk letter(bulk mail)
		categories like parcel, postcard and aerogramme and bulk letter (now called bulk mail) remain. the charges for the first two categories stay the same. categories of letter, printed matter, and small packets are now repositioned as standard mail, non-standard mail and periodical. in effect, periodicals have taken over the categories of printed matter and small packets. 

pitney bowes improves speed of flagship aps series(tm) mail inserter by 22 percent
		pitney bowes inc. will showcase the new, higher speed of its aps series inserter at xplor 2002 in anaheim, ca oct. 27-30. the intelligent mail system will run up to 22,000 mail pieces per hour with online viewing of real-time system production.
 
az direct, a bertelsmann company, selects top image systems' eflow for its direct marketing service bureau
		az direct, a leading force in direct marketing in europe, provides direct marketing services as well as a universal information service bureau for customers worldwide. az direct is using tis' eflow to streamline various direct marketing and application forms, response cards and other incoming documents at different locations. 

bundled ncoa now includes ncoa, lacs (rural route conversions) and dma mail preference service
		listcleanup has added two features to its ncoa service, a service provided by a licensee by the united states postal service. the new bundled service is available through www.listcleanup.com, the company’s list hygiene service. 

firstlogic offers mover i.d.™ option to organizations using postalsoft® business edition™ software
		postalsoft business edition clients also have the option of using an existing electronic file exchange to lorton data, a full-service ncoalink licensee, for change-of-address processing. lorton data, which uses the mover i.d. option in firstlogic’s postalsoft® professional edition software, has access to usps change-of-address information for the most recent 48 months.
 
postalone!® web services—what’s in it for you: 
		window book believes that electronic exchange of postage information between parties, including the united states postal service and other software products in the mailing process, will be window book’s crowning achievement. 
streamfeeder introduces servo series™ feeders/dispensers
		applications include high-speed batch counting, high-speed collating, high-speed accumulating, high-speed automatic wrapping, high-speed kit fulfillment, high-speed package inserting, and more.

inserco manufacturing offers mail inserters, mail-openers, and mail-extractors
		inserco mfg., inc. manufactures high performance, production rated mail inserters under the brand name mailcrafters and their production rated high performance mail-openers and mail-extractors under the brand name ultra systems.

changes in direct mail
		when direct mail was a non-mass medium, packages were elaborate such as long letters, multi-panel brochures, etc. production costs on a unit basis were a significant part of the budget.
delivering results: the rewards of saturation mailing
		a saturation mailing needs to meet certain requirements set by the united states postal service (usps). for example, the mailing must be directed to more than 90 percent of a carrier route, which is defined as the entirety of addresses to which a single postal carrier delivers.
 
fix bad addresses with contact zone for act!
		 contact zone is powered by melissa data’s mailers+4 cass-certified address verification engine—a guarantee that records are being verified to meet unites states postal service specifications for accuracy. contact zone matches address data against the usps database of 140 million deliverable addresses.
	  
 melissa data's mailers+4 prepares mail for maximum postal discounts
		 mailers+4 helps prepare mailings for maximum postal discounts and efficient postal processing and delivery, and the application is available in two versions.

moonlight mailing services president, certified by the usps
		mailpieces that meet usps regulations can significantly reduce costs and improve product deliverability. additionally, mailers will be able to take advantage of automation discounts, further reducing mailing costs.
 
redimail buys rite-jet system from kirk-rudy
		redi-mail direct marketing, an operating unit of redi-direct marketing, inc. and a leading industry provider of sales and marketing support services including list management and sourcing, database, lettershop and fulfillment capabilities, today announced a contract to purchase a rite-jet system from kirk-rudy, inc.
 
6 barriers to crm success and how to overcome them
		an often-overlooked, yet insidious hurdle is dirty data, or inaccurate and old information. data is the lifeblood of a crm system, and incorrect numbers, spelling mistakes, and outdated contact information can infect that system if it is left unchecked. 
	  
manatron embeds group 1's address correction and mail presort software into its industry-leading property tax systems
		manatron will also incorporate group 1's industry leading pave-certified mailstream plus into its property tax system to ensure that local and state governments achieve the highest possible postal discounts for their bulk mailings. 

group 1 software introduces e2 suite for online account management, e-billing and customer-care solutions
		group 1's products and services allow businesses to maximize customer relationships by enabling web-based billing, customer self-service and targeted marketing.
 
group 1 software introduces dualcoder™ address quality software
		dualcoder™ is the only address quality software available in the mailing industry that combines the strength of two industry leading coding tools to produce higher coding results for greater postal discounts and increased delivery of customer communications through the usps® automated handling system.
 
postal system - messaging over the years
		delivery of letters was often a difficult process with the addresses being illegibly written and stamps were introduced partly in the hope that senders would address their letters more carefully.
	  
home mail delivery to start in riyadh
		according to al-riyadh arabic daily, saudis and expatriates would require permanent postal addresses while presenting applications at government and service departments. the corporation also intends to provide a direct mail service, which can facilitate promotional campaigns.
 
stamp of approval - direct mail options and how to make them work for you
		direct-mail marketing is rarely a do-it-yourself job. the steps include: designing and printing the creative pieces, choosing the lists, and delivering them both to a mailing house for labeling and distribution. 

an on-line document delivery service provides physical mail, fax, email and sms as document delivery options
		via mail merge functions in word processing applications - download a small print-driver application, create a mail merge, and print to esker on demand for office to automate bulk, personalized physical mailings. 

aiim on demand 2005 exhibitor profiles
		aiim is the largest enterprise content & document management conference and exposition showcasing the technologies to capture, manage, share, and store documents and digital content that support business processes and comply with government regulations.
redi-mail direct marketing announces strategic alliance with toppan printing company america, inc.
		redi-mail direct marketing, an operating unit of redi-direct marketing, inc. and a leading industry provider of sales and marketing support services including list management and sourcing, database, lettershop and fulfillment capabilities, today announced a strategic alliance with toppan printing company america, inc. to offer a complete package of digital printing, fulfillment and mailing services.
	  
 
to access the mail industry news archives, click here...

 


 



what people use to find our site:




bulk mailing services
bulk mailing saint paul
bulk mailing minneapolis
mail processing services in minneapolis
bulk mail minneapolspostal mail services
mail processing services in saint paul
direct mail servicesmail handling
direct mail service minneapolisbulk mail saint paul
direct mail service saint paul
st paul mn bulk mail
st paul bulk mail services
ink jet mail addressingminnesota mailing services
direct mail minnesota
mail processing services minneapolis
minneapolis direct mail 
mail processing services saint paul
saint paul direct mail


bulk mailing
association mailing services
bulk mailing services direct mail services bulk mail services bulk postcard mailing bulk mailing permit direct mail companies minneapolisbulk mail minnesotabulk mailing companiesmail processing services miamidirect mail service use our bulk rate permitdirect mail services miamibulk rate direct maildirect mail fullfilment servicedirect addressing in file organizationbulk mailers minnesotapermit1economics of direct mailmailing services mn usps postal rules for tabbed mail




 


permit #1 mailers inc.
1499 w river road
minneapolis mn 55411-3429
ph 612-767-7375
fx 612-767-7376
email


permit 1, permit1, mail house, permit1, permit one, mailer,
		bulk mail, bulk mailing services, data processing



free magazines


bulk mail blog
 



search engine optimization by nielsen technical services


