



browse or chat with thousands of asian girls with the asian dating site - asiame.com






















 



terms of use



welcome to asiame.com (our "website"), a member site of qpid network ("qpid network" or the "network"), operated by aml network limited having its registered office at suite 18, 29th floor, metropole square, 2 on yiu street, shatin, hong kong. by accessing and using our website, you agree to this terms of use agreement (the "agreement") that is subject to qpid network’s master terms of use ("master terms") which is incorporated by reference, and you further agree to comply with the all these provisions and terms.
this agreement applies to your use of our websites as well as other pages, information, software, services, products and contents which may be operated, hosted or managed by qpid network or its affiliates (together, "the qpid network services" or "our websites")). some of these products and services may require your use of a qpid network account (the "account"), and this agreement contains terms which are applicable to the use of such products and services. by using our services (our "services") or by completing the registration process to obtain and use a qpid network account, you agree to be bound by this agreement for as long as you continue to be a member. if you do not agree to this agreement, please do not register with our website or otherwise access or use our websites.
we reserve the right at any time to alter or amend the terms of this agreement, modify our webites contents or features, or change any fees or charges for using our websites and our services. whatever changes we make will go into effect from the date of revision without notice to you. your use of our websites after such changes will be deemed your acceptance of the changes. you may bookmark this page and check it frequently for any notice of amendments / changes to the earlier version of agreement.
this is not a free site
while signing up is free, as well as using functions such as browsing members' profiles and photos (except locked photos, which require buying premium services), receiving admirer mails and using bonus points to send introduction mails to others whom you have just met, correspondence with members via emf mail, chat and camshare, etc. are paid for using credits, which can be purchased on our websites. for details of the charge of services, please click here.

eligibility
1.1  you must be at least eighteen years old when you register to become a member of our websites. your membership of at our websites is void where prohibited.
1.2  by using our websites and our services, you represent and warrant that you have the capacity to enter into this agreement and to comply with all of its terms and conditions. if such representation turns out to be false, your membership will be terminated immediately without refund of any unused or used qpid credit / funds.
registration
2.1  before you register to be a member of our websites, you are deemed to understand how our websites and our services work. you may check for related details in our faqs/help pages.
2.2  when you register to become a member, you agree to provide accurate and the most updated information about yourself as required. we reserve the right at any time to terminate your membership if you are found to provide inaccurate, outdated, incomplete or misleading information, as we may determine in our sole discretion.
2.3  access to our websites requires completion of a simple registration process in order to obtain a qpid network account and password necessary to become a member to enjoy our services. besides, for those who obtain the account through successful completion of membership registration on other qpid network sites ("qpid network sites", "our websites"), provided that there is no breach of the existing or related agreement of terms of use, they will be automatically offered the membership of our websites unless they elect to opt-out of such arrangement.
2.4  you will select the account that will be identified as your qpid network account for your access to our websites. in some instances the account may offer you the opportunity to obtain further qpid network sites services which become associated with your qpid network account.
2.5  we encourage you to tell us what your membership preferences are for your registration of qpid network sites. unless you choose to terminate your qpid network account with us, you shall be subject to the privacy policy, personal information such as your name, profile information may be used by our websitess for providing goods and services to you.
2.6  by becoming a member, you agree to accept and consent to receiving electronic communications initiated from our websites or through qpid network or its affiliates including without limitation: message notification emails, matches updates, emails informing you of promotions that either are provided by our websites or that are being provided by qpid network sites. you may opt-out from receiving such email communications sent from or through our websites by notifying us.
termination
3.1  we may immediately terminate your membership and your access to our services if found that you are found in breach of this agreement. we reserve the right to take further action for the loss or the potential loss on our end and/ or any loss caused to other members or third parties when necessary as a result of your breach of this agreement. you will not be entitled to any refund of any used or unused qpid credit /funds upon any breach of this agreement by you.
3.2  you may terminate your membership at any time, for any reason, effective upon receipt by us of your written notice of termination. all unused credits can be refunded as per our refund policy.
3.3  save as otherwise expressly provided in any additional terms governing the use of specific services, for non-fee paying members, , we may cancel or suspend your use of our services at any time at our discretion, without cause and without notice.
3.4  your right to use our services and your qpid network account may end once your account is terminated and any information you have stored on our system may no longer be available to you. it is therefore important you maintain your own archive of information at your choice.
3.5  if you have subscribed to any other products or services for which payment is necessary, you remain responsible for paying any amounts due on your account at the time your account is terminated. if you are participating in any free promotional offer for accessing other qpid network services you must cancel such services before the end of the free trial period to avoid incurring charges.
online / offline conduct
as a member of our websites, you understand and agree that:
4.1  you may have only one membership account on our websites at any point in time, which is for your sole private use. you may not authorize others to use your membership account, and you’re a membership account may not be used in connection with any commercial endeavors. only natural persons may use our websites. other legal entities like organizations, companies, and/or businesses may not become members and should not use our services for any purpose.
4.2  you will only use our websites and our services in a manner consistent with all applicable laws and regulations. you will not transmit defamatory, inaccurate, abusive, obscene, profane, offensive sexually oriented, threatening, harassing, racially offensive, or illegal material, or any material that infringes or violates another party's rights when using our websites and our services.
4.3  you will not make illegal and/or unauthorized uses of our websites and our services, including collecting usernames and/or email addresses of other members posted on our websites by any means for the purpose of sending unsolicited emails and unauthorized framing of or linking to our websites. appropriate legal action will be taken on our side, including without limitation, civil, criminal and injunctive redress.
4.4  we are not responsible for the conduct, whether online or offline, of any members using our websites. please use caution and common sense when using our websites and the services. your interactions with other members posted on our websites are entirely at your own risk in particular those set out in the risk disclosure statements.
4.5  in addition to our intellectual property policy, you may not post, distribute, or reproduce in any way any copyrighted materials, trademarks, or other proprietary information without obtaining the prior written consent of the owner of such proprietary rights.
4.6  we are entitled to review and delete any contents, messages, photos or profiles (collectively, "content") that in our sole judgment violate this agreement or which might be offensive, illegal, or that might violate the rights, harm or threaten the safety of our websites, our services and other members.
4.7  our service fees quoted on our websites form part of this agreement. we reserve the right to change the same at any time. if you are unhappy with any service fee changes you may terminate your membership by writing to us.
4.8  when using particular services of our websites, you shall be subject to any posted policies or procedural rules applicable to such services, which may be updated and modified from time to time. all such policies or procedural rules are hereby incorporated by reference into this agreement.
qpid credits
our services can be purchased using qpid. you can obtain qpid credit by paying via credit/debit card or any other method our websites may accept as payment of account subject to our refund policy. all charges of our services are denoted in units of qpid credit unless a particular currency is specified.
refund policy
please refer to our refund policy. the refund policy on our websites forms a part of this agreement. we reserve the right to amend or alter such policy at any time, and changes are effective upon posting on our websites with notice to you.
privacy
use of our websites and/or its services is governed by our privacy policy which is subject to revision from time to time.
proprietary rights of contents of our websites
8.1  we own and retain other proprietary rights of our websites and ourservices, as described in details in the qpid network intellectual property policy. our websites contains member profiles, photos, copyrighted material, trademarks and other proprietary information of our operating or holding company or its licensors. except for those information which is in the public domain or for which you have been given permission, you may not copy, modify, publish, transmit, distribute, perform, display, or sell any such proprietary information.
8.2  without limiting the foregoing, if you believe that your work has been copied and posted on the website in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please contact us. notice of claims of copyright infringement should be provided to the following address: aml network limited. suite 18, 29th floor, metropole square, 2 on yiu street, shatin, hong kong.
8.3  you will not "frame" or "mirror" any part of our websites, without our prior written authorization. you also shall not use meta tags or code or other devices containing any reference to our websites or our services in order to direct any person to any other web site for any purpose.
disclaimers
9.1  we cannot and do not warrant any specific outcome from using of our websites and/or our services. we make no warranties, guarantees or representations as to any advice, opinion, statement or other information displayed, uploaded or distributed through our websites by us, our partners or any member or any other person or entity.
9.2  we never authorize any third-party organization or individual, including without limitation, those service providers our websites presently cooperates with and/or used to co-operate with, any local service provider staff, any member whose profile is posted on our websites, to impose any charge our members for any reason in the name of our websites. we do not rule out the possibility that besides using our websites and our services, some of our members might at the same time have relationship with certain service provider that our websites presently cooperates with and/or used to co-operate with, and even pay for their service that is in no connection with our websites. we claim no warranties for the quality of their service, and carry no responsibility for any loss or damage, including personal injury or death, resulting from your use of their service. and you are solely responsible for any transactions between you and that service provider, whether online or offline.
9.3  our websites has built up a good reputation that is widely acknowledged by members seeking dating and romance. however, some other websites of the same kind may duplicate our business and service model by publishing false member profiles and/or providing fraudulent service to cheat sincere members looking for dating and romance. we accept no liability to you for any indirect, consequential, incidental, special or punitive damages, including loss of profits arising from your use of such fishing sites.
limitation / exclusion of liability
10.1  we are not responsible for the conduct of the members posted on our websites, whether online or offline. please use caution and common sense when using our websites and our service. your interactions with members with profile posted on our websites are entirely at your own risk.
10.2  we claim immunity from liability to the fullest extent under the law and for contents and services provided by third-parties that our websites cooperates with, and nothing in this agreement is intended to waive, remove, or usurp such immunity.
10.3  in no event will we be liable to you or any third person for any indirect, consequential, exemplary, incidental, special or punitive damages, including also lost profits arising from your use of our websites. we do not have any liability of all claims, damages, losses, liabilities, costs (including reasonable attorney's fees) or other expenses that arise directly or indirectly out of or from your breach of this agreement.
10.4  we assume no responsibility for the privacy practices of any third-parties that we cooperate with. we do not determine which information will be collected by that third party for purpose unrelated to service of our websites.
risk disclosure statements and client protection policy
as is with every objective you may pursue in life, there is always the associated risk(s), so are the endeavors you are about to take through our services. whilst we have taken and will take every practical control to minimize the such risks, we wish to highlight some scenarios of higher likelihood, which you must be aware of and undertake to risk the same. for details of the risks associated with our services and the possible counter measures, please read our risk disclosure statements and client protection policy.
legal terms, applicable law and jurisdiction
you agree that any action at law or in equity arising out of or related to the agreement shall be filed only in the courts of the hong kong special administrative region, and that you hereby consent and submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of such courts, absolutely waive the procedural defence of "forum non-convenien". no action arising under or related to the agreement may be brought by either party more than one year after the cause of action has occurred. this agreement is governed and to be interpreted exclusively by the laws of the hong kong special administrative region.





 










 



personal privacy and data disposal policy



welcome to asiame.com ("asiame" or the "site"). we understand that the privacy of our members, subscribers, guests and/or visitors ("members", "you" or "your") is very important. as such, we provide this privacy policy explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your personal data is collected, processed, maintained and disposed by asiame, a subsidiary site of qpid network. the privacy policy describes how we treat your personal information when you use asiame.com, as part of qpid network services ("services"). the following describes our privacy practices that are specific to asiame.com and other qpid network sites. we reserve the right to update it at any time, and all changes are effective upon posting without notice to you. you are encouraged to revisit this page from time to time. your use of the site or our services after such changes constitutes your agreement to such changes.

what information we collect
the types of personal information that we collect fall under two general categories: personally identifiable information (pii) and non-personally identifiable information (non-pii). pii consists of any information which can be used to specifically identify you as an individual, whereas non-pii consists of aggregate information or any information that does not reveal your identity. the following paragraphs explain what pii and non-pii we collect from you, and how we use such information.

how we collect and use information

cookies. we use "cookies" to keep track of some types of information while you are visiting any of our websites or using our services. cookies are very small files placed on your computer, and they allow us to count the number of visitors to our websites and distinguish repeat visitors from new ones. they also allow us to save member preferences and track member trends. we rely on cookies for the proper operation of our websites; therefore if your browser is set to reject all cookies, the website(s) will not function properly and you may not enjoy all of our services. members who refuse cookies assume all responsibility for any resulting loss of functionality of our websites. we do not link the cookies to any of our members’ pii.
log files. any time you visit any of our websites, our servers automatically gather information from your browser (such as your ip addresses, browser type, internet service provider (isp), referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp, and number of clicks) to analyze trends, administer our websites, prevent fraud, track visitor movement in the aggregate, and gather broad visitor demographic information. for example, we may log your ip address for system administration purposes. ip addresses are logged to track a user’s session. this gives us an idea of which parts of our websites our members are visiting. we do not share the log files externally.
web beacons. "web beacons" (also known as "clear gifs" and "pixel tags") are small transparent graphic images that are often used in conjunction with cookies in order to further personalize our websites for our users and to collect a limited set of information about our visitors. we may also use web beacons in email communications sent to you in order to understand the behavior of our members. we do not link the web beacons to any of our members’ pii.
mobile analytics. we use mobile analytics software to allow us to better understand the functionality of our mobile software on your phone. this software may record information such as how often you use our applications, the events that occur within the applications, aggregated usage, performance data, and where the application was downloaded from. we do not link the information we store within the analytics software to any of your submitted pii within the mobile application.
your information. when you register or subscribe to any of our services, we collect a wide variety of information about you. your profile information, including non-pii about yourself (such as first name, nationality, profession, height, weight, etc.) will be used to build your "my profile." we may also display your relationship status and other profile/account information to your matches. finally, for interactive content, including but not limited to charmlive, where you may choose to have a public profile, we may display your information to other members and visitors. you may choose to provide us with your photo(s) or video(s) and by providing us such content, you agree that we may make them available to your matches and users of our services. except as otherwise stated in this privacy policy, we do not disclose your pii to your matches or other users of our services.
purchase information. to process purchases, we may require your name, address, phone number, email address and credit card information. such information is used primarily to process your order or as otherwise described herein. credit card transactions are processed through industry standard secure socket layer (ssl) and/or strong encryption (3des) by a third party, which only uses your information for that purpose.
e-mails. you are require to produce an e-mail address when you register for our services. we use your e-mail for both transactional (e.g. order placement and confirmation, refund and renewal processing, notifying you of our suggested matches) and promotional (e.g., newsletters, new product offerings, special discounts, event notifications, special third-party offers) purposes. our e-mail messages may contain codes that enable our database to track your usage of the e-mails, including whether the e-mail was opened and what links (if any) were opened. if you do not want to receive promotional e-mails from us, please see the section below labeled "opt-out". we reserve the right to send you certain communications relating to our services, such as service announcements, terms and policies updates and administrative messages, without offering you the opportunity to opt out of receiving them. we may also contact you by email, tickets and/or telephone (including to any wireless number you may provide to us) solely in connection with our services. if you would rather not receive emails, tickets or telephone calls from us, you may change or delete your number by contacting us for it to be removed from our contact list. 
mobile device if you use your mobile device to access our websites or download any of our applications, we may collect device information (such as your mobile device id, model and manufacturer), operating system information, ip address and etc. we collect your geolocation information only with your consent.
demographic data. we collect demographic data from our members and visitors. we use this data to tailor your user experience at our websites, showing you content that we think you might be interested in, and displaying the content according to your preferences. some of this information may be shared with advertisers on a non-personally identifiable basis.
online survey data. we may periodically conduct voluntary member surveys. we encourage you to participate in such surveys to help us improve our services. all responses are anonymous and do not involve any of your pii. 



mobile device additional terms

mobile device if you use a mobile device to access our site or download any of our applications, we may collect device information (such as your mobile device id, model and manufacturer), operating system and version information, and ip address. 
geo-location information. we do not ask you for, access or track any location-based information from your mobile device at any time while downloading or using our mobile apps or our services.
push notifications. we send you push notifications if you choose to receive them for notifying you of our matching services, letting you know when someone has sent you a message, or for other related matters. if you wish to opt-out from receiving these types of communications you may turn them off at the device level.



disclosure of your information

disclosure to your matches. our matching services remain an integral part of providing our services which involves disclosing your profile information to your matches. photos and other profile information posted by you will be available to other members matched with you. we never share your contact information with your matches without your consent.
disclosure by law. you acknowledge and agree that we may disclose information you provide if required to do so by law, at the request of a third party, or if we, in our sole discretion, believe that disclosure is reasonable to (1) comply with the law, requests or orders from law enforcement, or any legal process (whether or not such disclosure is required by applicable law); (2) protect or defend our company’s rights, or a third party’s, rights or property; or (3) protect someone’s health or safety, such as when harm or violence against any person (including you) is threatened.
disclosure to protect abuse victims. notwithstanding any other provision of this privacy policy or our terms of use we reserve the right, but have no obligation, to disclose any information that you submit to the services, if in our sole opinion, we suspect or have reason to suspect, that the information involves a party who may be the victim of abuse in any form. abuse may include, without limitation, bullying, elder abuse, child abuse, spousal abuse, neglect, or domestic violence. information may be disclosed to authorities that we, in our sole discretion, deem appropriate to handle such disclosure. appropriate authorities may include, without limitation, law enforcement agencies, child protection agencies, or court officials. you hereby acknowledge and agree that we are permitted to make such disclosure.
disclosure to trusted third parties by us. we may share your non-pii with our third parties, but not in a manner that would reveal your personal identity. we may share your pii, sometimes in conjunction with your non-pii, with service providers that may be associated with us to perform functions on our behalf. for example, outsourced translation agents or it technology contractors may need access to your information to perform services for you. your information will be treated as private and confidential by such service providers and will not be used for any purpose other than those identified in the terms of use and this privacy policy.
information transferred as a result of sale of business. as we develop our business, we may buy or sell assets and, depending on the transaction, your pii may be one of the transferred assets. in the event that we are acquired by another company, your pii may be part of the assets transferred to the acquiring party. if this occurs, you will be notified if there are any material changes to the way your pii is collected or used.



personal data retention
you understand that the company will use your personal data only as long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage your participation and use of our website(s) and/or services, or to comply with legal or regulatory obligations, including under tax and local laws.
in the latter case, you understand and acknowledge that the company’s legal basis for the processing of your personal data would be compliance with the relevant laws or regulations or the pursuit by the company of respective legitimate interests not outweighed by your interests, rights or freedoms.
when the company no longer needs your personal data for any of the above purposes, you understand that the company will remove it from its systems permanently. please keep your own records of your personal data.


third-party advertising
we may use third-party advertising agencies or other service providers to serve ads on our website on behalf of asiame.com or third-party advertisers (e.g., retailers of goods or services). these companies may employ cookies and web beacons to measure advertising effectiveness. any information that these third parties collect via cookies and web beacons is completely anonymous.


age restrictions
our age restrictions are set forth in each applicable terms of use. we do not target our websites or our services to anyone under the age of 18, any information we may receive from any visitor we believe to be under the age of 18 will be deleted from our database.


security
we use encryption and authentication tools to guard against loss, misuse and alteration of our your information shared with us. security measures include the use of secure socket layer (ssl) and/or strong encryption (3des) technology during credit card transactions and administrative access to site data, which are applied to all repositories and transfers of user information. unfortunately, however, no data transmission over the internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. as a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee or warrant the security of any information you transmit to or from our web sites, and you do so at your own risk. once we receive your transmission, we will do our best to protect its security on our systems.


links to or access from other sites
you may be able to access your account or content of your account from third party sites, such as social networking sites, by way of various applications. the privacy policies and practices of such sites which apply to information you provided to such sites may differ from our practices as set forth in this privacy policy. you are encouraged to review their policies and practices to ensure that your privacy is protected. such sites may also place their cookies or other files on your computer and they may collect personal data or solicit other information from you. you access such linked sites at your own risk. you should always read the privacy policy of a linked site before disclosing any personal information on such site.


opt-out
you may use the following options for removing your information, including any unauthorized profile, from our e-mail database if you wish to opt out of receiving promotional e-mails and newsletters.
        1.click on the "unsubscribe" link on the bottom of the e-mail;
        2.send ticket to us letting us know which promotional e-mails you wish to opt-out of; or
        3.select from our faqs to find the answer you are looking for, or send us a ticket and our customer service team will be happy to assist you.


updating your personal information
we provide users the following options for updating information previously submitted, including deletion of your personal information.
        1.for account settings, you may change your personal information such as height, weight, ethnicity and other information from "my profile" settings; or
        2.you can send ticket to our customer service team to amend or delete your account information at any time. 


data retention
because many of our members tend to use our services at different points of their relationship-seeking life, we retain your personal information for continued service and convenience purposes until you advise us not to do so. notwithstanding the foregoing, we may retain personal information in order to comply with applicable laws, keep accurate records, resolve disputes, prevent fraud, enforce our terms of use or other agreements, or for any other legally permissible purpose.

information protection

your data protection.
            we take appropriate steps to maintain the security of your data on our platform. you should understand that the open nature of the internet is such that data may flow over networks without security measures and may be accessed and used by people other than those for whom the data is intended. we have security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. while we take reasonable precautions against possible security breaches of our platform, website, member database and records, no application, website or internet transmission is completely secure and we cannot guarantee that unauthorised access, hacking, data loss, or other breaches will never occur. we urge you to take steps to keep your personal information safe and to log out of your account after use.

your account and password(s).
            you should not disclose or share your login details to any third parties. try not to use your birthdate or anything too obvious or predictable as your password(s) such that unscruplous individuals may try to gain unauthorized access to your account. you are solely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password(s) and for restricting access to your computer, and for all activities that occur under your account or password(s). we will not be liable for any loss that you may incur as a result of someone else using your account or password(s), either with or without your knowledge. you agree to notify us immediately of any unauthorized use of your account and/or password(s) and any other breach of security relating to our platform and websites. you agree that any information you provide to us will be current, accurate and complete and that you will keep such information up to date by notifying us of any changes.


contacting us
if you have any questions about this privacy policy, the practices of our websites, or your dealings with any of our websites, you can contact us at 

onward transfer and consent to international processing
we are a growing corporation with users and operations in multiple countries, including the european union. we have developed data practices designed to assure information is appropriately protected but we cannot always know where personal information may be accessed or processed. in addition, we may employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. if we disclose personal information to such authorised third party, we will seek assurances that any information we may provide to them is safeguarded adequately and in accordance with this privacy policy and the requirements of applicable privacy laws.
if you are visiting from the european union or other regions with laws governing data collection and use, please note that you are agreeing to the transfer of your personal data, including sensitive data, by us from your region to countries which do not have data protection laws that provide the same level of protection that exists in countries in the european economic area. by providing your personal information, you consent to any transfer and processing in accordance with this privacy policy.


acceptance of privacy policy
your use of our websites, including any dispute concerning privacy, is subject to this privacy policy and the applicable terms of use. by using our websites, you are accepting the practices set out in this privacy policy and the applicable terms of use.
if we decide to amend our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page and additionally any other place on the websites we deem appropriate so that you may become aware of it. we reserve our right to modify this privacy policy at any time, so please come and revisit this page frequently. if we make material changes to this privacy policy, we will notify you here, or by other means, such as e-mail, at our discretion.
your continued use of any portion of our websites following posting of our updated privacy policy will constitute your acceptance of the changes.


effective date
this privacy policy was last revised on may 24, 2018.
        copyright © aml network ltd. all rights reserved. other trademarks and brands are the property of their respective owners.






 










already registered?
sign in



english 


deutschfrançais 
















|








i'm a man
i'm a woman






birthday: 



month
jan.feb.mar.apr.mayjunejulyaug.sept.oct.nov.dec. 





day
 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 





year
20062005200420032002200120001999199819971996199519941993199219911990198919881987198619851984198319821981198019791978197719761975197419731972197119701969196819671966196519641963196219611960195919581957195619551954195319521951195019491948194719461945194419431942194119401939193819371936193519341933193219311930192919281927 





















      i agree to the terms of use and privacy policy.      










































take us anywhere:      mobile app      m.asiame.com
      







follow@asiameofficial












about asiame.com


where you could find love and romance without boundaries
asiame.com is a premium international dating site connecting beautiful asian women seeking serious relationships with men from around the world. asiame’s mission is simple, which is to provide members with safe, easy-to-use and professional services, such as chat, camshare, emf mail, call service, gifts & flowers etc. to fulfill their needs.

more >>


news


mar 07, 2022
spring is here again, so as our special offer!



nov 29, 2021
enjoy the beauty of winter with your special someone



more >>


in the media


asiame encourages western men to learn asian culture through dragon boat festival 2022



asiame connects beautiful asian women with single men worldwide



spring festival: perfect opportunity to start the new year 2022 with chinese ladies



more >>










members' comments




i want to thank asiame for allowing me to find tina. meeting her on your site is the most wonderful experience of my life. the service is so professional. i would definitely recommend your site to my friends!
- bruce





i would like to give my thanks and appreciation to asiame for providing a helpful and professional network, allowing myself to meet my love. this has been a great and wonderful life experience.
- fiona




services
chat
camshare
emf mail
call service
gifts & flowers
additional


help & info
about asiame
faqs
tips & advice
terms of use
privacy policy
client protection policy
refund policy
fraud-reporting procedure
membership termination





cooperate with us
link exchange


follow us
















disclaimer
nothing on our websites is a promise or guarantee of finding love or companionship. your chance of success in attaining similar results is dependent upon a number of factors, some of which are uncontrollable. because these factors differ according to individuals, we cannot and do not guarantee your success at finding your date. you alone are responsible for your actions and results in life. it should be clear to you that by law we make no guarantee that you will achieve any results from the use of our services, and we offer no professional dating advice.


                © aml network ltd. 1998-2025 all rights reserved. 
                best viewed with ie version 9.0 and above.            











