














home | superior court of california | county of madera













      skip to main content
    

 



skip to main content.







judicial branch of california




supreme court


courts of appeal


superior courts


judicial council







































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































county of madera



 

 







home



online services
 




efiling & case information


jury & grand jury information


grand jury


public transit & mileage reimbursement


request postponement or disqualification




pay fines/fees & mycitations tool



online services
 







forms & filing
 




fee & bail schedules


form packets


local forms



forms & filing
 







self help, dv restraining orders & care act
 




child support for incarcerated parents faq


family law facilitator


care act/care court



self help, dv restraining orders & care act
 







divisions
 




civil limited & unlimited cases


adoption court




court reporters (including transcript requests)


criminal


domestic violence


family court services – mediation & investigation services


family law court




jury & grand jury


juvenile


probate court


small claims court


traffic court


pay traffic ticket or request a fine reduction





divisions
 







general information
 




ada policy/request for accommodations


contact us


court holidays


covid-19 information


remote video appearances




finance/budget/rfp info (including application for attorney's fees)


job openings


judiciary & court staff


legal glossary




limited english proficiency (lep) plan


local rules


news and events


privacy policy


requesting a court interpreter


security policy



general information
 







 translate
 


english


español







 translate
 


english


español





search


 search

















 



welcome to the
madera county superior court





check jury status/juror web portal

 




remote video appearances

 




efiling, dv/gv petitions & portal/online case information

 




pay fines and fees & mycitations tool

 

















                                    domestic violence (dv) restraining orders (including temporary orders) and gun violence (gv) restraining orders 
                              


effective july 1, 2023, the madera county superior court will accept electronically filed petitions for domestic violence restraining orders, domestic violence temporary restraining orders and gun violence restraining orders, pursuant to sb 538 (2021-22 legislative year), ab 887 (2021-22 legislative year), ab 2960 (2021-22 legislative year) and the court’s local rules (division 6).
petitions can be filed free of charge  on the public portal (see additional information on how to file here) or through the court’s efiling platform. note that any petition filed through the efiling platform may incur a charge from the efsp (electronic filing service provider).
for questions related to the filing of these petitions, please call (559) 416-5565 during normal business hours (monday – friday, 8am – 3pm, excluding court holidays) for assistance. 












                                    remote hearings and appearances for domestic violence (dv) and gun violence (gv) petition hearings
                              


a party or witness may appear remotely at a hearing on a petition for a domestic violence or gun violence restraining order. 
to request to appear remotely for these hearings, please click on this link.  this will take you to the webpage to request appearance via zoom.
for questions related to remote appearances in these specific hearings, please call (559) 416-5585 for assistance.
please see the court’s local rules (division 10) for additional information.












                                    remote appearances in civil & criminal matters
                              


in compliance with ab 170 (from the 2023-24 legislative year), the madera county superior court continues to offer remote appearances in civil matters.  ab 170 went into effect on july 2, 2024 and extends the legislative provisions authorizing the use of remote technology for certain proceedings through december 31, 2026.  go to remote video appearances and please read the information carefully and follow all applicable instructions. 
in compliance with ab 170 (from the 2023-24 legislative year),  the madera county superior court continues to offer remote appearances in criminal matters.  ab 170 went into effect on july 2, 2024 and extends the legislative provisions authorizing the use of remote technology for certain proceedings through december 31, 2026; however, certain limitations apply.  the zoom appearance request form has been revised to reflect the limitations.  go to the remote video appearances link referenced above for more information.














  news, updates & notices











                          jan 28, 2025
            
                      

                                    escheatment (disbursement) of unclaimed funds
                              


read more











                          sep 26, 2024
            
                      

                                    proposed local rule amendments for january 1, 2025
                              


read more













                          jul 03, 2024
            
                      

jury duty scam mentioning bail bonds company - new notification to the public












                          mar 27, 2024
            
                      

updated alert to the public - continuing jury duty scam












                          dec 26, 2023
            
                      

alert to the public - jury duty scam











more news









services









self-help



free resources are available to help you find legal information and learn how to represent yourself in some legal matters.












e-filing in civil/family law/probate/small claims case types



preview efiling frequently asked questions












search forms



easily search for local forms, form packets, or view the fee and bail schedule













court's strategic plan









madera county superior court


                                    strategic plan 2020 - 2025
                              





















all locations




 madera superior court


200 south g street
madera, ca 93637
united states

















madera superior court


200 south g street
madera, ca 93637
united states


















about the court


the superior court of california, madera county is a unified superior court, served by nine judges, one family support commissioner and one traffic commissioner. the court employs approximately 100 court staff.



mission
"to ensure equal and fair access for all in the judicial system, and provide public service in an efficient and impartial manner."
vision
"to consistently provide transparent and equitable service by embracing the following core values: trustworthiness, respect, responsibility, fairness, caring, and civic education."
judges and leadership
the honorable dale j. blea is the court's presiding judge.
the honorable sosi c. vogt is the court's assistant presiding judge.
the court executive officer is adrienne calip. 
the assistant court executive officer is  amy downey.
each judge is assigned a particular type of legal proceeding for each year on a rotating basis as determined by the presiding judge.




contact
for hours of operation and complete contact information, visit the court location page. to contact the court's main line, call (559) 416-5599.















administrative


ada policy


contact


jobs






attorney resources


case information


local forms


local rules






california court


california judicial branch


ca self-help portal


find my court






public resources


court holidays


contract with the court


interpreter services












superior court of california
county of madera










judicial branch of california




privacy


terms of use


© 2025

















