 




m-dcps office of communications









 


















users


students
parents
employees
bond updates


social media






contact information

address
mdcps: 1450 ne 2nd ave,miami, fl 33132 - united states
email
webmaster@dadeschools.net
phone
(305) 995-1000(for non technical questions only)












office of communications
sunday, february 16, 2025



 toggle navigation    




about us

 office of communications 
 communications team 



news releases



 in english 
 en español 
 an kreyòl 

archives

 in english 
 en español 
 an kreyòl 






media advisories




 in english 
 en español 
 an kreyòl 

archives

 in english 
 en español 
 an kreyòl 





newsletter



 archive 



resources


forms


 m-dcps, your best choice campaign resources 
 citizen information center 



















m-dcps newsroom

«

»














              m-dcps expands vape sensors to all senior high schools in response to successful pilot program
            



            miami-dade county public schools (m-dcps) is expanding the use of vape sensors in all senior high schools in a continued effort to combat the rising danger of vaping among students. 
          

            read more
          

 








              enrollment for m-dcps early childhood programs, vpk is open
            



            miami-dade county public schools (m-dcps) department of early childhood programs has launched a variety of early childhood education and voluntary pre-kindergarten (vpk) programs for the 2025-2026 school year. 
          

            read more
          

 








              foundation for new education initiatives hosts “for the love of learning” gala to benefit underprivileged m-dcps students
            



            the foundation for new education initiatives, inc. (fnei) held the “for the love of learning” gala this past saturday at the jw marriott marquis, which raised funds to provide additional educational resources for miami-dade county public schools (m-dcps) students in need.
          

            read more
          

 








              m-dcps announces february dates for school-age immunizations & vaccination program subject to availability 
            



            miami-dade county public schools (m-dcps) continues to partner with the university of miami health system (uhealth) pediatric mobile shotz-2-go unit to offer required immunizations at select locations throughout the district. 
          

            read more
          

 








              miami-dade county public schools, facilities to close feb. 17 for presidents day

            



            all miami-dade county public schools, as well as region and district offices, will be closed monday, feb. 17 in observance of presidents day. we will reopen tuesday, feb. 18.
          

            read more
          

 








              eight distinguished m-dcps graduates inducted into alumni hall of fame class of 2025

            



            eight renowned and celebrated graduates of miami-dade’s public schools have been inducted into miami-dade county public schools’ (m-dcps) alumni hall of fame for their post-secondary and professional achievements.
          

            read more
          

 








              m-dcps unveils innovation space at riviera middle school
            



            miami-dade county public schools (m-dcps) held a ribbon-cutting event for a redesigned, technology-rich, innovation space at riviera middle school’s media center. 
          

            read more
          

 








              m-dcps announces 2025 graduation schedule
            



            miami-dade county public schools (m-dcps) announced the graduation schedule for the class of 2025. 
          

            read more
          

 








              vivian ventura named m-dcps teacher of the year, 
nikolas venegas is rookie teacher of the year
            



            vivian ventura, an orchestra teacher at southwood middle school, has been named the 2026 francisco r. walker miami-dade county teacher of the year at a ceremony held this evening at the doubletree by hilton miami airport & convention center.
          

            read more
          

 








              m-dcps tops the nation in national magnet merit awards
            



            magnet schools of america (msa), a national organization representing more than 4,000 magnet schools and programs, has recognized miami-dade county public schools (m-dcps) with 91 awards for the 2024-2025 award cycle.
          

            read more
          

 





follow us
















search






go!





in the news





 popular
          










exceptional student education at m-dcps helps students thrive










m-dcps fentanyl awareness campaign further inspires students to educate about dangers of counterfeit drugs










m-dcps helps students with autism thrive inside and outside classroom










m-dcps helps its students with autism thrive inside and outside the classroom						










miami-dade county public schools implements environmentally friendly policies and practices










miami-dade county public schools embraces the arts










title i chess program teaches students critical thinking skills










project up-start helps students and their families with adequate housing, transportation and more						











miami-dade public schools striving for heart health










m-dcps is your best choice for early childhood education












video




















contact us:


          m-dcps : 1450 ne 2nd ave. 
          miami fl 33132 - united states
          phone: (305) 995-1000 




          email: occe@dadeschools.net








resources


back-to-school resourcesthe hub


dadeschools.net/tv


statistical highlights – 2020-2021protocol manual






mission statement

miami-dade county public schools’ (m-dcps) office of communications (ooc) is committed to the timely and accurate dissemination of information that highlights the school districts programs, initiatives, and achievements to reinforce awareness among internal and external stakeholders. we pursue this mission through targeted messaging, integrated marketing, social media, and public relations activities that inform and educate parents, students, employees, and all stakeholders of miami-dade county public schools.      






        2025 © m-dcps
      










  
 















please ensure javascript is enabled for purposes of website accessibility






 