
greenmantle nursery:heirloom fruit & rose varieties







 



 







 
our fruit collection







our rose collection



 
site guide












redvein crabapple blossoms
greetings
                from ettersburg…… 
greenmantle nursery originated in 1983
          as an offshoot of 
          ram
  & marissa fishman's respective horticultural collections. 
  
  we are pleased to make our plants available to you 
  for your own garden…. 

rosa rugosa hips 





the fruit collection
" first in spring to
                  gather the rose,
and ripe apples in the autumn…."
          - virgil (70 - 19 bce), the georgics  


 
  the  greenmantle catalog  © 1983 was
 in print for 
 more than two decades —  our original 30 page reference work was the blueprint for our adventure in the nursery business. while this website supplants it, we still miss the simplicity and beauty of the printed word on paper. perhaps someday, we will find   time to publish an old style book for an uncertain future...

meanwhile . . .

a
									  great deal of horticultural history, information, and advice is
									  presented here on greenmantle's website —in order to anticipate most
									  questions about our stock and our business. please take the time to
									  explore this site and learn about our hundreds of heirloom fruit and rose
									  offerings.... 
									  if you wish to consult further on specific questions,you may contact us at:

greenmantle nursery
3010 ettersburg road
garberville ca 95542 
(707) 986-7504 



the rose collection 
 



ram
specializes in  diverse fruit for the home orchard, with varieties
ranging from the commonplace to the rare. over the
years, we have grown and offered more than 300 varieties of apples - plus numerous pears, asian pears, plums,
cherries, peaches, quinces, & figs. emphasis has always been primarily on eating
				    quality as well as such factors as historical significance and
			      disease-resistance. 
 
now we have refined our apple listing down to around 75 of our personal favorites. moreover, we will be propagating and offering only benchgrafts of the varieties in our apple master list. the foundation of our apple collection rests on the
				    old homestead varieties of our bio-region, and features the legacy of
				    albert etter (1872-1950) the plant breeder whose private experiment
				    station was located a few miles from here. many other varieties have
				    been collected from pomological colleagues, both amateur and
				    professional, throughout the united states.

 >the fruit collection
 
>apple master list
 
>"antique"  fruit  for  new orchards

 
>fruit features / faq

 
>the benchgraft option
 
 >fruit tree ordering info
 





pink pearmain® apple 
 

marissa cultivates over 300 different roses, and these form the
               main motif of the greenmantle landscape gardens. the focus of
              the  rose collection is on the great classics - all of the older
              types  are represented - along with the finest species and a selection
               of choice modern varieties. superior merit has been the standard
               for every rose - a quality  measured by beauty,
              history,  health, fragrance, and rarity. 
 
our mother plants were
              assembled  over 3 decades of intense collecting from many sources in half a dozen countries.  when we began to gather roses in 1976, there were still only limited possibilities in the united states - and importation was the way to assemble a wide-ranging collection that would include what might be considered the highlights of the genus. the inherent charm of the genus rosa is
              its astonishing floral diversity. the rose offers a plant for every
              time, place and taste... choose well for your garden - and enjoy
              the pleasure of their lasting beauty.

>the rose collection
 
>rose master list
 
>the  age  of  the  rose

 
>rose showcase / faq


>la vie en rose
 
> rose ordering info
 



		  magenta rose
 









welcome to our home on the web …..
thirty-five years ago, we dedicated the greenmantle catalog - "to all the
old-timers, long may they thrive…." by now, most of the men and women
we were honoring have passed from the scene - leaving a legacy of
knowledge and cherished heirloom varieties. our own generation is now
maturing into old-timers, and with this inheritance comes the
responsibility of stewardship.
like the plants we
nurture - we're rather old-fashioned .......... our apologies in advance
for not conforming to contemporary standards of electronic commerce.
even as greenmantle nursery enters the information age, we remain
grounded in the down-to-earth work of preserving and sharing a living
horticultural heritage. all this takes time, but the two of us are
committed to traditional service - giving each order our personal
attention. 

site road map

												 the road to ettersburg



greenmantle does not maintain a regular
              retail facility at our nursery grounds 
and regretfully we
              are unable to accommodate visitors....... 














 
ixia viridiflora 

 
browse in other categories

the glastonbury thorn


rare bulbs & species iris
 




                the glastonbury thorn........ crataegus monogyna 'biflora'
 


 " art does not yield the crown to nature in the creation of a garden adorned with rare trees, and a green mantle always."



veronica franco (1546 - 1591)


our climate......and organic culture

 "the
                    climate of ettersburg is just like paradise, only you have
                    to work." 
- albert etter (1872 - 1950)               
  greenmantle nursery is situated on 32 acres at an elevation
              of 1500' in a remote area adjacent to the kings range national
              wilderness. weather varies from extremely hot and dry in the summer,
              to cool and very wet during the winter rainy season. despite our
            proximity to the pacific ocean, the kings range blocks the moderating
              effect of marine air. while we see fog billowing in waves over
              distant ridgelines, our own relative humidity remains quite low.
              consequently, our summer daytime temperatures frequently reach
              into the 90's, then drop into the 40's at night. highs of 115 degrees
              f have been recorded and any rainfall between may and october must
              be considered exceptional.
 "to those of us who are gardeners and therefore
                    also interested in landscapes - the earth's green mantle
                    as it affords a home for man - these regions of winter rainfall
                    have a significance that immediately separates them in our
                    minds from other parts of the earth........ the traveler
                    always knows when he is in a mediterranean land."
 - lester hawkins (1915-1985), "a gardener's
                guide to the mediterranean climate" 
                in  the pacific
                horticulture book of western gardening  1990                
 the rainy season usually commences by november and continues
                through april. during this period, we can receive 100" of
                rainfall, and in some years upwards of 150" has been recorded.
                precipitation in these amounts makes us one of the wettest climates
                in north america, with virtually all the moisture falling during
                one-half of the year. while snow is an occasional phenomenon
                and extended freezes have occurred, temperatures below 25 degrees
                f are uncommon; our historic low was 9 degrees f in 1990. we
                do get our share of light frost during the dormant season, hence
                winter chill requirements have never been an issue for us in
              the garden, orchards, or nursery. 
 
etter believed that the climate of the ettersburg area was unusually felicitous
  to a broad range of plant life, promoting vigor, size, and longevity - especially
  for trees. our region is notable for its venerable and giant specimens of douglas
  fir, coast redwood, and madrones. for domestic plantings, the lack of summer
  rainfall mandates frequent deep irrigation. this offers a significant boon to
  plant health; diseases like fireblight, apple scab, and rose black spot are much
  less prevalent than they are in more humid places. this makes organic culture
  a more viable option for gardener, orchardist, and nurseryman.
"water,
                        soil, and the earth's green mantle of plants make up
                        the world that supports the animal life of the earth.
                        although modern man seldom remembers the fact, he could
                        not exist without the plants that harness the sun's energy
                        and manufacture the basic foodstuffs he depends upon
                        for life....the earth's vegetation is part of a
                        web of life in which there are intimate and essential
                        relations between plants and the earth, between plants
                        and other plants, between plants and animals. sometimes
                        we have no choice but to disturb the relationships, but
                        we should do so thoughtfully - with full awareness that
              what we do may have consequences remote in time and place." 
 - rachel carson ( 1907-1964 )  silent
                    spring 1962 
since our inception, greenmantle nursery has adhered to a strictly organic approach
  to plant cultivation. we use no chemical fertilizers, pesticides, fungicides,
  or herbicides. to counteract the constant leaching of nutrients caused by our
  heavy winter rains, we are always working to build up the soil's organic matter.
  composted horse manure is our main reliance, occasionally supplemented with natural
  amendments like fish and kelp meal. bins of redworms digest kitchen waste and produce a first-rate soil dressing. plants do respond to timely attention, especially where it
                comes to water and nutrients. pests and predator animals always impose
                a challenge that requires constant vigilance.
in the
                end, the old chinese proverb rings true: the best fertilizer
            is the footsteps of the farmer.  
"put your ego
              in your compost heap"
              the greenmantle catalog  © 1983 
 

our duchess
              of oldenberg apple tree (1895-2003)    "human beings, vegetables, or cosmic
                  dust - we all dance to 
              the mysterious
              tune intoned in the distance by an invisible piper ." 
- albert einstein (1879 -1955)    all original text and
    images © greenmantle nursery 2005 -2021




