


northwinds net

















|  home  |  about us  |  local internet access  |  web hosting & design  |  technical support  |  local web sites  |









click here for the
local forecast
























now online
your days too busy? don't have a sitter? enjoy online shopping? that's perfect. you can have your digital photos professionally printed at unique photoworks. it's as easy as 1 - 2 - 3. upload, edit, and order. that's it! you can even pick up your quality photo prints the same day at unique photoworks. we're located inside the computer fix, across from the sports stadium. 218-283-8250
 
unique photoworks 
the one hour photo lab is located inside the computer fix. along with film developing, unique photoworks offers self serve digital photo processing kiosks, photo scanning, reprints, photo restorations, canvas prints, photo greeting cards, film, and other camera supplies. come check us out inside the computer fix. unique photoworks, where every photo is unique and memories become picture perfect.

















username:
password:





























web-mail
take it on the road with you...
access your email from anywhere in the world. northwinds email subscribers can send and receive email from any internet connection, anywhere in the world. just log into the web mail found right on this site.

 
contact info
phone: 218-283-8292
hours: 10am-6pm m-f
email: tech@thecomputerfix.com

recommended antivirus 
etrust ez antivirus
avast! antivirus
kaspersky anti-virus















search  
google, yahoo!, excite, lycos, ask jeeves, dogpile, about.com

news  
the journal, duluth news tribune, star tribune, usa today, cnn

weather  
weather channel, weather underground, national weather service

investing  
cnn/money, msn money, bloomberg.com, scottrade, e*trade

shopping  
ebay, amazon.com, old navy, gap, travelocity, crate and barrel, ikea

sports  
espn, fox sports, mlb.com, nba.com, nfl.com, nhl.com

fun links  
movies.com, food tv, webmd, cine 5 of int'l falls, msn games

kids links  
yahooligans!, ask jeeves for kids, discovery kids, nick.com, pbs kids















 copyright top ten video, inc. dba northwinds net, 1998-2011.           policy & terms of service 




this site is best viewed with internet explorer 5.5+ or netscape 6+ using 800x600 or greater resolution with at least 16-bit color.



