






qwizdom audience response systems















































 
















home
solutions
education
testimonials
support

faqs and documentation
user guides
submit a support ticket


downloads
contact








 










train cleverinstant insight during training

qwizdom audience response systems
improve trainee knowledge & retention rates.
qwizdom is an award-winning developer of interactive learning solutions that enhance presentations and user engagement. with over 35 years of industry experience, qwizdom audience response solutions offer the highest performance and reliability. durable and timeless solutions capture data in seconds, increase participation and improve participant knowledge and retention rates.
what makes qwizdom the best choice?

with our years of experience, we have developed technology proven to be trustworthy and reliable.
there are no hidden fees – all software updates are free of charge.
qwizdom offers a wide range of products designed to fit your current technology and budget.
gather accurate data quickly with our audience response hardware.







ask.
pose interactive questions directly from powerpoint presentations or using our survey app with your favorite software application.


answer.
attendees respond in real-time using our custom clickers.


results!
all answers are compiled into reports and can be viewed live, or saved for review later.





don’t change your workflow…
enhance it.








our actionpoint software solution lives inside powerpoint (pc & mac). it offers 11 question types that can be applied to your current training materials. with a few simple clicks your training materials are now fully interactive and engaging. spark discussion, display results, increase participation and provide accurate documentation.
boost company productivity by instantly scoring certification tests.






generate and save
all kinds of results and stats…

user feedback is vital in understanding problems and with our solution you can gain better insight into the needs of your participants, track individual performance and assess understanding.
compile and export data in a variety of formats
data can be obtained on individual participants, small groups, or large conferences. reports can be drilled down to subgroups, individual questions, or the topics addressed. reports can be printed or exported into software applications such as microsoft excel®.
discover data and build a better team.
live, anonymous polling allows you to collect honest and more accurate opinions. these results are easily shared to spark discussion and help you and your team find better solutions quicker.




no web?
no problem
the unique setup of our solution allows anyone to run training sessions without the need for an internet connection, whether it is on a building site, inside a convention center where signal loss is common, or in a remote part of the world. qwizdom has you covered.
get in touch
we’d be happy to hear from you if you have a sales question.
got a support query? our knowledgebase probably has the answer you’re looking for, but if not, submit a ticket and our team of experts are happy to help. please don’t use the below form for support questions.


 


















—please choose an option—usarest of world





i have read and agree to the privacy policy





case studies
used by fortune 500 companies and schools across the globe



university professor uses student response system to save time & keep class focusedqwizdom enhanced emt training with instant grading and feedback



all case studies








links


about
solutions
contact



compare systems
case studies
privacy policy

contact (usa)
sales & accounts: info@qwizdom.com
support: qwizdom support center
contact (uk & row)
sales & accounts: info@qwizdom.co.uk
support: qwizdom support center












copyright © qwizdom (a division of boxlight)
 





we use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. by clicking “accept”, you consent to the use of all the cookies.cookie settingsacceptmanage consent




close






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.

 





								necessary							


necessary

always enabled




									necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. these cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously.
cookiedurationdescriptioncookielawinfo-checbox-analytics11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "analytics".cookielawinfo-checbox-functional11 monthsthe cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "functional".cookielawinfo-checbox-others11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "other.cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "necessary".cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "performance".viewed_cookie_policy11 monthsthe cookie is set by the gdpr cookie consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. it does not store any personal data. 






								functional							


functional





									functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features.
								






								performance							


performance





									performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors.
								






								analytics							


analytics





									analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. these cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc.
								






								advertisement							


advertisement





									advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. these cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads.
								






								others							


others





									other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet.
								












save & accept














 

privacy preference center







privacy preferences









































