
 


el chupacabra online elchupacabra.com home of the mysterious chupacabra unexplained creature aka goat sucker some believe it is alien.








 


 
 



    

          web    elchupacabra.com




    
  



what is a chupacabra?
elchupacabra blog
art gallery
elchupacabra forum

help recreate stonehenge




 



 chupacabra designer shirts

 chupacabra toys

 chupacabra coffee cups

 chupacabra mouse pad

 chupacabra lunch box

 chupacabra music
chupacabra videos

chupacabra books

 
alien books

ufo books

chupacabra pictures
chupacabra sightings
chupacabra news
chupacabra statue
new el chupacabra discussion board

chupacabra and ufo links







 if you would like us to build you your own website contact us at elchupacabra.com webmaster
web design and domain names 4 sale.






















 have any spare change


bee mystery


wingmaninc.com


ufo landing strip


billary for president




muddy water catfish


south shore tahoe

flying objects


 out of fuel


water is power


king kong vs godzilla



beat la

















live your day








president obama 44


wedge records




>


heaven alumni


wild blackberries


wingman clothing


ethwy


i own the .com


manzanita plant


ebay humor



who killed jimmy hoffa?



wild blackberries



wingman bootcamp



waterfall weddings








xxl tee shirts


don't feed the pigeons


dot mad


feedthepigeon


fine the nba


four twenty


redneck driving school


stingray vettes
sweet center


email us to trade links here





















 welcome to www.elchupacabra.com

 over 14 years of chupacabra fun on the internet.

 page last updated 4-5-2012









have you seen el chupacabra? have
no idea what it is? just bored and want to have some major fun? if you answered
yes to any of those questions you've come to the right place! the menu below
only works with javascript enabled browsers.


el chupacabra menu
home
what is chupacabra?
designer shirts
pictures, sounds, movies
el chupacabra sightings!
news
the best links
 

  



























click here to listen to our new songs on myspace?










click here to watch more muddy water catfish video's and music




more sighting's in texas:


watch the latest videos on youtube.com





this picture above was taken by regie lagow

i spoke to regie lagow. he was fun to chat with about this and a very nice man. he is the one who took the picture of the animal that was killing his chickens. he lost all but one chicken and his neighbor lost all but three. in three weeks it killed about thirty chickens, sometimes two a day.

the animal has been disposed of so there is nothing to get dna from. 

if you look at the pictures you can see its not a coyote like some people claim.




jim williams of abilene texas took this picture.  the animals look very similar except this one has a shorter tail.
 


 2 creatures have been found in new mexico now.


 click the picture to visit coasttocoastam.com
 





 
 people keep disproving chupacabra sightings with even more bizarre reasons.
 i dont think the creature found in new mexico is some sea creature. why would a creature that lives in the sea have wings and legs?
 


  how do you explain such large teeth on a coyote and the skull is different. some are stating the mange disease changed the animals skull. i don't think that is possible.
 
 





jay wroe caught a creature in maryland and named it a hyote because it was so strange looking. he tried to identify it but was told it was a coyote with mange. it doesn't look like a coyote to me.
  
  









 possible chupacabra tracks found!read the news story here!





new t shirt designs and new posters are here!








  3 new flash movies added

 click the links below, be patient they may take a bit to load but they are worth the wait!
 
i'm a chupacabaaara 

rock out with the chupacabra















 click above to enter the picture page.  
 



 el chupacabra has been in the news recently in east texas

the chupacabra forum is back ! 












chupacabra fans check out elchupacabra.com on the history channel's program histories mysteries




what the heck is the monkey man?  some people believe its a chupacabra?



to report sightings visit  hereelchupacabra.com

we are also looking for people who would like to help us investigate sightings.


what is a chupacabra?
want to know? click this
link now!
 chupacabra shirts and more!
beautiful designer shirts, coffee cups and mouse pads. be the
envy of all your friends. click here to check
them out.



chupacabra books

the field guide to north american monsters



night of the chupacabras



chupacabras: and other mysteries



 chupacabra you don't scare me!






pictures, sounds, and movies
check out our big bend photos! hit
this link.


sightings
have you seen the mysterious goat-sucker
lately? we need your help to discover what the chupacabra really is. visit the sightings page for more info. tell us about your experience. read about other peoples experiences
by clicking here.there have been sightings
in arizona, texas, new mexico, puerto rico, brazil, california, and even washington
state.
news
what is that crazy chupacabra up to
now? find out.


message board
post whatever you want about el chupacabra. third time is  charm!
click here.
links
the largest goat-sucker link page
known to man! go there.













 
all images and content
copyright 1998-2012 elchupacabra.com  contact us at elchupacabra.com webmaster
images unless specified are property of elchupacabra.com
thanks for visiting the site and i hope you had fun.
 









horrorfind banner exchange







1,320,722 daily unique visitors, over 4 million page views.






