















long branch, nj | official website









 















skip to main content


















create a website account - manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more.   

website sign in













    government      departments      how do i...      community      business      services  


 

 

 

 

 

 





 




 














welcome to


long branch


the friendly city
 






  
 











search







 
 
 




 














agendas & minutes








beach information








newsletter sign-up










 
 














meeting live stream








tax payments








report a concern










 
 
 

























 














latest news


stay up to date with long branch
 






  
 
 















long branch receives $2.3 million in grants for road improvements 


city officials announced over $2.3 million in grants for road improvements throughout the city.m						read on...







cultutal roots: celebrating black history through art 


the long branch arts & cultural center is celebrating black history month with a powerful and inspiring art exhibit and a series of engaging events exploring themes of community, family, and cultural pride.						read on...







evenings of entertainment & history 


the city of long branch is excited to invite residents to two new, free monthly event series at the newly renovated  senior center: city showcase and history in motion; bringing an enriching mix of music, entertainment, and local history to the community.						read on...







nj bike & e-bike laws 


important facts about e-bikes, bikes, scooters & e-scooters						nj bike & e-bike laws







2025 city calendars are on their way! 


we are happy to announce that you will receive your 2025 long branch city calendar in the mail this week!						read on...







fibers, fabrics & fun 


the long branch arts & cultural center is proud to present fiber of our being, an exhibit that celebrates the transformative power of fiber art.						read on...







mar belo & the herd juicery recognized as newest certified green businesses 


mar belo restaurant and the herd juicery have both been recognized under the city’s green business recognition program that highlights and promotes local businesses and non-profits that use sustainable practices in their daily operations.						read on...







long branch receives statewide award from sustainable nj 


the city of long branch received the prestigious sustainable jersey collaboration award for its restoration work in jackson woods. the award highlights the importance of community partnerships.						read on...







meet new long branch city council member, glen rassas 


the long branch city council voted on a resolution to appoint lifelong resident, glen rassas, to the city council. rassas succeeds the 30-year member, dr. mary jane celli who passed away last month. councilmember rassas was sworn in on wednesday, nov 6th.						read on...







long branch celebrates italian heritage month 


italians in long branch, at the long branch arts & cultural center, celebrates the history and legacy of italian immigrants who made long branch their new home in the early 20th century.						read on...







tastes from around the world on broadway 


the city of long branch will host the first annual uptown broadway festival on september 22 with a diverse mix of restaurants from around the world, barber shops, hair salons, tattoo shop, clothing and accessory stores, spilling out onto broadway.						read on...







soak up the sun on broadway 


the long branch arts & cultural center celebrates lifeguards and surf culture with a new exhibit running through august 30th, with historic photography, memorabilia, artifacts, and eye-catching art created by local artists.						read on...







echoes of the pier – uncovering long branch’s coastal legacy 


the long branch arts & cultural center is excited to present a special lecture with local historian greg kelly on the history of the long branch piers, exploring the legacy of the five piers that once graced the shores of long branch.						read on...







the big reveal:  new long branch senior center opens 


the city of long branch opened the long-awaited long branch senior center with hundreds of attendees last friday, august 2nd for a celebration of a lifetime.						read on...







view all news




/civicalerts.aspx


  
 
 



 














upcoming events


mark your calendar
 






  
 









february 2025




s


m


t


w


t


f


s




26
27
28
29
30
31
 1

 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 8

 9
10
11
12
13
14
15

16
17
18
19
20
21
22

23
24
25
26
27
28
 1












sun, feb 23  

fire & history museum open

fire & history museum openread on...






thu, feb 27  

performance by lorraine stone: wisdomkeeper

performance by lorraine stone: wisdomkeeperread on...





view all events




/calendar.aspx



 
 
 



 














stay connected
 






  
 
 










    





 
 
 














city clerk



arts and cultural center



volunteer inquiry form



employee e-mail login



boards and commissions



garbage and recycling



elections and voter registration



community connect



public library



fire bureau









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 



  
 








 
 



  
 








 
 
 




 














long branch, nj


the friendly city
 






  
 
 







contact us







344 broadwaylong branch, nj 07740phone: 732-222-7000
 




monday through friday8:30 am to 4:30 pm
 






  
 



  
 







quick links







city clerk



arts and cultural center



volunteer inquiry form







employee e-mail login



boards and commissions



garbage and recycling









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 



  
 







site links







home



site map



contact us







accessibility



copyright notices



privacy policy









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 
 

 












government websites by civicplus®



 
 
 
















loading









				loading
			


do not show again
close



















arrow left



arrow right





[]



slideshow left arrow





slideshow right arrow









