


deepscience.com - home page - science and philosophy


























 








































deepscience.com
 about us
 links page
old news
site history
deepscience av
the big enz team
school 
        & classes
 y12 physics 2002
 old jchs info 2000-1


science
bodybuilding 
        building at deepscience
life is complex
protein folding
science illiteracy 
cloning humans  
experiments
dry ice
hot 
        air balloons 
jet engines
 led flashlight
skateboards 
subwoofer amp
welding 

physics

engines
 simple harmonic motion
waves 
what is an interface?

philosophy
deep thoughts
        design vs. darwin
just plain silly - humour
logical foundations

hope in usa tragedy
socrates 
classical 
        apologetics
how to know god


 




 




news 
              
and an even newer server! - december 2019
      well, well, well, three holes in the ground. it's about time to fix this place up a bit now that we have unlimited bandwidth :) 
enter the new server - february 2016
it's a sad state of affairs i know. almost twenty years on the same server and maxed out usage of 10mb of website data we've moved on. unlimited everything now. time to look at moving up from html as well i think. all links will be fixed back to deepscience.com over the coming months. 
 
y13 updates -- september 3, 2013
        the combined y12 and y13 electricity notes are now available. 
y9 updates -- august 20, 2013
        there are some notes to read and links to videos to watch for 902 on their page.
y11 updates -- july 8, 2013
vodafone/clearnet/paradise is not letting me upload stuff. maybe they think 10mb is too big for a website... temporary files at trevormander.com (and i'm not kidding).
        

y13 and y12 updates -- june 17, 2013
        vodafone/clearnet/paradise is not letting me upload stuff. maybe they think 10mb is too big for a website... temporary files at trevormander.com (and i'm not kidding).
y13 update -- march 29, 2013
        thanks for reminding me about the 3.1 notes. our latest plan for dealing with the error bars is 
      to just use the min and max values of our trials and use them to define the upper and lower values for the error bars. 
y12, 13 links -- november 17, 2012
        updated the links on y12 and y13 physics pages. i started this website before the internet began (12 years ago) so some of the links had broken. i'll have a look at the main links page next i guess.
      
y10 science -- november 5, 2012
        four new resources loaded as pdf files on the y10 page. a table of ions, the learning intentions, and two resources to help revision for the final exam. 
y11 science -- august 21, 2012
        and here's the new page for y11 science. includes important dates coming up and some notes for the astronomy internal assessment. **updated 28/8/12**
y13 physics -- august 20, 2012
        i'll be adding a page (or several) just for y13 resources. so to catch up on notes, view the calender, and other generally awesome things you might eventually be able to find them here.
without a vision -- february 19, 2012
        dean peter beck of the christchurch cathedral was just on the tv1 programme "sunday." he's moved into a job on the city council there and looks like he's going to do a great job. when talking about the rebuild he quoted proverbs 29:18 "where there is no vision, the people perish." so for the record, it has absolutely nothing to do with having a plan for the future. i find it rather sad that one of the top anglicans can't read the rest of the verse, "but he that keepeth the law, happy is he," which identifies what the vision is concerning. the word translated "vision" is more aptly understand to be "revelation." basically, if you keep to god's revealed moral law you'll be happier. 
another conference over -- february 19, 2012
i spoke with a few people at the conference and they seemed to understand what i was going on about. overall a good first effort from the team at thinking matters. the conference made some use of skype to speakers based in the usa. one of them (time mcgrew) went on about how cool c.s.lewis was and how this made the denial of old testament inerrancy ok. i really don't know where this new liberal fad is coming from but it's getting popular and is a concern. until i can think of a new name for it i'll call it the licona effect.

referendum getting closer -- july 12, 2009
from the 31st of july new zealand will be running a citizen's initiated national referendum. the topic is 
      basically "should a smack be a criminal offense?" the ridiculous situation we are faced with currently is that the only formal discipline parents are allowed to conduct is pyschological. as we all know from experience, pychologically induced pain can far exceed that of a light smack. learn about the referendum and when the time comes, vote no.
2 strokes or 4?  -- july 11, 2009    

        our deepscience page on the differences between 2 stroke and 4 stroke engines has been recreated. many thanks to john hrabar for being the catalyst to fix the quite confusing layout and irrelevant material.

the logic behind the love -- june 9, 2009
just one week to go until the amazing course in christian apologetics starts. the first evening is all about how we can understand each other better and understand the errors of wooly thinking when it raises its ugly head. here's a prime example from a annonymous poster appearing in the discussion on david farrar's blog. 

i can hardly believe that intelligent people in a modern society can  continue to think the bible is relevant. ultimately, nobody can  actually know what is out there (although that is not a reason to think  there is a god, religious foke the burden of proof is upon you to brove  the existence of god not me to disprove it) so we may as well ignore  the possibility of there being a god and get on with our lives in a  rational, moral matter.


the bits in bold should be enough to give the game away. he claims to know at least one thing about what is out there (that you can't know what's out there). but if you know one thing, then it's not the case that he knows nothing. this and other examples of self-referentially incoherant statements (i do so love that rediculously academic way of saying "dumb") will all be examined on the first evening of the course! now is it irony that he goes on to say we should live rationally? he probably meant to say "manner" but that doesn't really matter.moral cosmological -- may 26, 2009            
it's a work in progress but here are some of my thoughts on being and goodness. many thanks to thinking matters for inviting me along to speak this evening. 
god, being, and procrastination -- may 11, 2009
rather a busy time coming up for me. this week i'm playing with fog machines in my school's production of wind in the willows. we've got two machines running. my one smells great. mark's one doesn't. hopefully he won't put bubble liquid in it again. :) on the 26th of may i'll be at laidlaw college speaking about the cosmological argument for god's existence. from the 17th of june greenlane presbyterian church will be hosting the annual apologetics course the logic behind the love. 
nz election -- september 11, 2008            
you know, it's pretty amazing really when you forget to update your website for two years :p in fact, this version of dreamweaver is not only so updated i don't know how to use it but it's also out of date as well. anyways, our country is having elections and the socialists are going to be kicked out finally. hey personally, i don't really blame them for destroying our country like they did. helen clark is not some undercover agent doing her social engineering in secret. she's relatively open about what she stands for and what she wanted to do to the country. people voted for her and got their reward. the nz herald article sums up the damage. on the fun side of things, exam time is looming for nz secondary schools. if you're looking for the resources i like the study pass guys. 
draft curriculum issues -- november 17, 2006 
            we had a teacher-only-day today to look at the fun goodness in the draft curriculum. there's some atheistic darwinism creeping in so you might want to read my analysis.
book review -- november 1, 2006           
author michael flynn has released his latest science fiction offering wreck of the river of stars and it's not a wonderful experience. i've written an in-depth review. unfortunately it's mostly negative due to the subject matter involved.              
politics in nz -- october 25, 2006
the mirth continues. deputy prime minister dr cullen just said, "when it comes to seven-year itches, labour party members know a working-class scab when they see one."
              so if you  want to know what the labour party really thinks of the average hard working new zealander you have it right there. cullen thinks you're an itchy scab. 
in other news, don't forget to visit transit nz and register your opposition to the tolling of the western ring route. here's what i wrote in my letter to them. harsh but i was in a hurry:            
1. your lack of organisation in finishing it years ago does  not constitute my emergency.
  2. tolling invariably ends up with 75% of the money raised  being "lost" paying for the installation and operating costs of the  tolling system itself
            3. new zealand  is overtaxed with a huge surplus each year
            4. the idea of taking money from the poorest people to fund  your own job which should have been finished years ago is quite despicable.
            5. the time frame of 35 years of this regressive tax is  insidious.
            6. if there is an economic reason to finish earlier then  either business or the central government should be involved, not a new and  terribly inefficient toll system used.
      7. the alternative is not "using it for free."  there is no free motorway because we are taxed. taxation is already far too  high at the moment. this new tax/toll would disproportionately affect the  poorest in the communities of south auckland and mt  roskill. it is manifestly unethical to the point of being criminal. 
more folding machines -- april 18, 2006            
the folding statistics here and here indicate that there are now 5 computer processors working at folding proteins for kiwifolding in our medical research project. so join the fun and help out with spare computer cycles. check it all out. 
nz teens boring boozers -- april 7, 2006 
recent research has come up with some truly scary findings. "the survey also showed during the past four weeks 69  per cent of 18-to-19-year-old females drank to excess compared to 68  per cent of males." can you believe it? that means only 31% of the girls and 32% of the lads have the ability to find their fun for themselves without having to use a bottle. 
christian apologetics -- march 28, 2006
there's another course in christian apologetics coming to a venue near you. if you've got questions about the truth and history behind the christian faith then this course is for you. it's the logic behind the love. 
david henry hope-cross -- march 4, 2006            
in loving memory, 18 may 1939 - 1 march 2006. david was a great man, a gentleman, and a leader. i just came back from the funeral and it was very moving indeed. the songs were: guide me, o my great redeemer, be exalted o god, and how great thou art. the bible readings were lamentations 3:22-26; romans 8:18, 28, 35-9.
antony flew leaves skepticism behind 
              -- december 10, 2004
he's leaving this all a bit late i think but congrats 
                to flew for at least getting this bit right. flew has decided that 
                darwinian evolution just doesn't cut it and doesn't explain the 
                origin of life. so after 80 years and being the most well known 
                atheist on the planet, flew 
               now believes in god.
updating time -- september 25, 2004
it's time i got around to fixing the graphics and 
              overall design at deepscience. mahendra has given a fair bit of 
              time to coming up with ideas and a bunch of stuff should happen 
              this week. i'll probably do it piece by piece rather than one big 
              surprise update - it's more motivating i think.
kiwi dragon, the ultimate vehicle 
              -- august 3, 2004
the new zealand entry to the chinese strange vehicle 
              games is roaring ahead. the team from albany mowers is making one 
              exciting vehicle indeed. i'll let the nz'ers know when the public 
              test will be so you can see it move in person. it's already been 
              "tested" somewhat and it's an awesomely powerful experience apparently. 
              no shaking from the driveshaft, smooth as silk. very nice rumble 
              to the engine with a inspiring scream of the turbo over the top. 
              yes, i do like understatement. for pictures and an idea of what 
              on earth i'm talking about:
albanymowers
alsmufflers

strange vehicle games
nz 
              herald article
hmmmm, half way there -- june 29, 
              2004
ok, so i don't update very often :p we've just finished 
              a great apologetics course. we had a consistent 50 people who braved 
              all weathers every tuesday night to learn about christianity, world 
              religions, logic, and christ's love. there are even some bookings 
              coming in from out of auckland for next years course!
fancy outlook -- april 23, 2004
if you want to upgrade the computer and then import 
              your old outlook express messages there are one 
              or two things to note. if you don't ever want to do this then 
              don't read this :)
the passion of the christ -- february 
              28, 2004
this is not a movie to take the family to. here's 
              my initial reaction to watching the movie. i went to see the 
              movie to analyze it, not to blindly experience it, so please forgive 
              my critical appraisal. i did cry at one of the flashbacks - it's 
              a pity they didn't make the flashbacks the main movie.
a plee for unity -- february 6, 
              2004
waitangi, or new zealand, day 2004 is here again. 
              the most ridiculous thing this time around is how much abuse the 
              nz political leaders are getting at waitangi. i'm not talking about 
              just shouting, i'm talking about primeminister clark and opposition 
              leader brash both being physically assaulted (although at least 
              some of the troublemakers concerned were arrested). don brash 
              didn't get an opportunity to give his prayer at the "welcome." 
              here's what he was going to say (and i'm very impressed with it):
"the prayer was going to make the obvious 
              comments that we worship the god of all new zealanders who made 
              the land, the seabed and the foreshore, that we have all sinned, 
              ngapuhi and scotsmen, maori and european, and that we have to do 
              better." 
he said he would also have prayed that 
              the leaders of the country were led to the right solutions for the 
              country. 
memory page -- january 30, 2004
so i've started a page with 
              stories from my past. i thought they were rather dramatic at 
              the time so here they are. i'll let you know when a new one goes 
              in there.
the day my toyota died -- december 
              18, 2003
today my car got creamed while i was stopped in traffic. 
              here's the pics.
 
ird makes bruce go bust
our tax department, not wanting to wait for $10 tomorrow 
              if there is $1 to be made today, has put the pressure down on our 
              friend bruce and his astounding jet engines. the nz 
              herald carries the story as does bruce's 
              web site.
changes to the politician page -- 
              december 4, 2003
some changes are up 
              on the funny pages so you might like to catch up on the very best 
              of american politics.
bob passantino -- november 19, 2003
friends and colleagues, well-known apologist bob 
              passantino died this afternoon of a massive heart attack. please 
              pray for his wife, gretchen; his family; and their ministry, answers 
              in action. in christ our hope. - pwc proverbs 22:1
more jet engines -- october 20, 
              2003
bruce 
              has been working away building more of those incredibly loud machines 
              known as jet engines. you've got to check out his 
              latest creation and spend a little time dreaming of owning one 
              if only to prove that you can make more noise than the annoying 
              boy racer next door.

 

how stuff works -- october 15, 2003
you might already have seen this one. its how 
              stuff works and has some really cool articles on how almost 
              everything works. some topics even have full colour videos and presentations. 
              - v
the final of scrapheap challenge is 
              on this friday (with some extra international challenge the following 
              week). so tune in to prime tv at 7:30pm on friday night. - tm
  nobel on the web -- october 
              5, 2003
it's the official 
              website of the nobel foundation. they have an "educational" 
              section for each of the prize fields (physics, chemistry, medicine, 
              peace, literature, economics) composed of games and interactive 
              little lessons on all the great discoveries and achievements honoured 
              by the nobel foundation. they have games and stuff which help you 
              understand the invention or discovery and stuff. quite interesting 
              and they have quite a broad range of subjects (the nobel has been 
              around for quite a while). they also have stuff on all the nobel 
              laureates ever, and their achievements, and even their speeches 
              at the ceremony. thought you might be interested. - v
heavy metal -- august 15, 2003
scrapheap challenge is back on tv. tune in at 7:30pm 
              fridays on prime tv. 
              it's the uk version with robert so it's high quality tv with the 
              exception of the simply awful australian re-editing which cuts material 
              and replaces it will a kazillion commercial breaks. yuck. 
if you're reading this you probably 
              don't have the latest blaster virus but you might know someone who 
              is plagued by it. all the fixes are listed very nicely on mbentley's 
              website.
back to work -- july 30, 2003
ok, so i've had a little break ;) i've got the website 
              working again and the highly paid staff is even adding the last 
              touches to a total update of the web graphics and structure. touch 
              down (or launch depending on your illustration of choice) is just 
              two weeks away so stay tuned! thanks to scott for the links on the 
              apologetics 
              page and the intelligent design 
              page. i've just finished teaching a ten week course on apologetics 
              and i'll be looking at adding some new content from it soon.
bigger day out -- january 18, 2003
parachute music festival is just around the corner 
              and it's going to be very big and very hot. hope to see you there.
nanoscale computers -- october 27, 
              2002
ibm researchers have built and operated the world's 
              smallest working computer circuits using an innovative new approach 
              in which individual molecules move across an atomic surface like 
              toppling dominoes. very cool. playing with dominos the size of atoms.
flying high -- october 13, 2002
the space shuttle has taken to having cameras 
              loaded on the outside. i didn't catch the tv reports of this 
              (not having a tv) and now i've seen it. this is wayyyyy cool. it 
              totally makes you feel you're actually on the trip up. kind of like 
              an aeroplane ride that just goes straight up and keeps going.
our team wins!!! -- october 5, 2002
awesome work! congratulations goes to michael, mahendra, 
              and adam, for winning the nzoom.com/netguide secondary school team 
              competition for building a website. this 
              is an amazing achievement. if this is the work these young people 
              achieve while in the third form/year9 i can't imagine where they'll 
              be in a few years time. check 
              out all the winners and check out the 
              winning web site. i'm definately inviting them to redo the graphics 
              on the deepscience site :)
liberal weenie goof -- october 2, 2002
arch liberal, barbara streisand, has managed to goof 
              big time. in her 29 september address to the democratic convention 
              in the usa she quoted william shakespeare with the comment, "beware 
              the leader who bangs the drums of war in order to whip the citizenry 
              into a patriotic fervor, for patriotism is indeed a double-edged 
              sword." and made out that george bush was making the same 
              mistake. unfortunately for barabara, the quote is an internet hoax 
              started two years ago. shakespeare 
              and julius caesar never said it. so i say, "beware the 
              entertainer who sings to the bang of drums in order to whip the 
              citizenry into a patriotic fervor, for patriotism is indeed a double-edged 
              sword." :)
camp outline -- september 20, 2002
saturday: 8am breakfast
              9:30am morning sessions, whatever they are
              lunch at 1pm
              confidence course at 2pm and then free time
              tea at 5:30pm
              6:45pm another "session"
              7:30pm concert
              8:30pm berma trail and camp fire
              sunday: 8:30 breakfast
              9:30 churchie stuff
              11:45 lunch and packup at 1pm
space balls -- august 24, 2002
when a new zealand farmer found a titanium ball 38 
              cm accross lying in a field he thought it might be a joke. the 
              police and council were called as the crator it was in plainly 
              indicated the object was from outer space. the space ball was locked 
              in a police cell while an investigation of it's origin proceeded...

              and for those interested in space games:
asteroids
lunar 
              lander
trekkeroids
space 
              invaders
accuracy is important -- august 
              21, 2002
here's an ad from the 
              local paper. couldn't really put a spelling mistake in a worse 
              place really :) and here's the warning: wednesday the 28th is dry 
              ice day! we also have a new page for interesting 
              exam answers that shall undoubtedly grow as time goes by.
the world is going to end! -- july 
              26, 2002
news headlines around the world screamed the story 
              - you have until 2019 before being obliterated by a 2km wide chunk 
              of rock. before you sell your possessions and join an esoteric cult, 
              you should probably read 
              this article about why the newspapers have got it all wrong 
              and published a story which sensationalises without shedding any 
              light. i guess we have to wait for a little while until we're sure 
              the asteroid is going to miss earth and then tv3 will probably screen 
              a pseudo documentary that claims there's a cover up and 2019 really 
              is the end of the world.
in other news, an overview of the various 
              political parties runs as follows:
              national: have many good pro-life candidates like the one running 
              in mt roskill.
              labour: wants to raise taxes, let unborn children die, and make 
              teachers quit 
              greens: evil group who want school children to smoke dope and hug 
              trees
              act: want lower taxes and our children to smoke dope
              united future: want lower taxes, are pro-life, want to keep evil 
              drugs illegal
full metal challenge!! -- july 18, 
              2002
woooohoooooo!! yeah. check out the full 
              metal challenge web site. the competition is just a week or 
              two from starting and it's getting exciting! our team of kiwis, 
              kiwi thunder 
              from albany, is getting ready to hop in a plane and zoom off to 
              england for the competition. of course it'll be months before we 
              see the programme here in new zealand unless you write and email 
              tv3 and tell them to buy it and screen it soon. i'd include a link 
              to tv3 but their web site doesn't seem to be working :/
whale or male? -- july 14, 2002
scientific 
              american recently published an 
              article going on about how the belief in creation was nonsense. 
              i have a degree and diploma more than the editor of that magazine, 
              and thoughly disagree with the ideas he outlined in article, so 
              i started to write an article refuting his one. well, a group in 
              aussi have already written a very nice refutation and 
              here it is. the quick summary: i was never a whale.
red vs. blue -- july 5, 2002
well the silly season has arrived. it's seems a rather 
              one-sided match at the moment so i'll take this opportunity of complaining 
              about the big guy (helen clark). as a preface i'll mention that 
              i don't belong to any political party. i was wandering around mt 
              roskill of all places and noticed that the labour party has billboards 
              up everywhere. "they're into things," i thought. then 
              i wandered past iii kings and couldn't help but notice that the 
              national billboard had been replaced with the labour one. so now 
              i understand why labour and the other high-tax-smoke-marijuana-have-an-abortion 
              parties are doing so well with the signs... they remove the oppositions 
              signs. the other thing i noticed today was the cute labour leaflet 
              i recieved in the mail. it was interesting reading right up to the 
              bit where it says labour will not increase tax. whereupon i fell 
              over laughing. as anyone will tell you, labour put company tax up, 
              personal tax up, and petrol tax (to fund the green party) up. actually, 
              there isn't much tax that labour didn't put up and seeing as the 
              effects are continuing to make a bigger impact as inflation increases, 
              labour is still in the process of putting the real effective taxes 
              up. so there they are lying about it and enjoying the warm glow 
              that comes from telling tall stories.
blocking cell phones -- july 1, 
              2002
apparently folks in hong kong like using cell phones 
              while in a movie theatre. kind of annoying for others trying to 
              watch the movie. there's a number of ways you can forceably block 
              the radiowaves getting to the cell phones but probably none as elegant 
              as 
              that described here. magnetic wood might soon be all the rage.
are you a lotr nut? -- june 25, 
              2002
here's an interesting 
              site that ranks your obsession level with lord of the rings. 
              my brother's lotr obsession quotient is 42.6%, and mine is 26.2%. 
              in other news, nzoom.com is running a competition to build 
              a web site. a couple of teams are entered from our own school 
              already. also updated the y12 
              physics links to electromagnetism.
deep thoughts -- june 15, 2002
a new philosophy page is up. this will have a bunch 
              of longer quotes that won't fit 
              under the quote of the week. in a couple of months or so deepscience 
              may go to a new web hosting service which will allow a bunch more 
              content, asp, and database links so adding quotes (and even a quote 
              of the day) will be really easy.
folding version 3 released! -- june 
              14, 2002
folding@home, the distributed computing project that 
              aims to save lives by using the idle computer time of hundreds of 
              thousands of home computers has released version 3 of the folding 
              client. it's newer, more stable, and works behind more firewalls 
              than version 2. if you're not folding proteins then what use is 
              your powerful computer? (you use a word processor? really? oh that'll 
              put a strain on it :p) haha, join in. see what the kiwifolding 
              folks are up to :)
faked moon landing? -- june 5, 2002
ok, so that documentary appeared again on tv3. 
              arghhh, this is getting boring! you know, the one where they make 
              out that all the astronauts that landed on the moon were all lying. 
              this is so tedius. repeating lies, misunderstanding, and conspiracy 
              theories multiple times does not make the wackos right. it would 
              be harder to make a fake moon landing than to accomplish the real 
              one ok??!! if you're wanting some of the reasons why the "documentary" 
              was a load of codswallop (whatever that is) then nasa 
              has a nice article about it as well as more in depth links. 
              yes, we posted this before but there you go (march 31 and september 
              4, 2001 entries). if you want to complain about their daft programming, 
              call tv3 on 377 9730.
my first welding -- may 27, 2002
i've taken the plunge and here's 
              my first effort. definately some modern art.
new folding team -- may 24, 2002
if you've got a fast computer sitting around doing 
              practically nothing all day then why not use it for finding a cure 
              for cancer and alzheimers? check out our folding@home 
              page and get folding! there's a new folding name and it's kiwifolding, 
              with team 32. i'm joining in, as is the science department, 
              teachers, and students. last week we were the 23rd highest folding 
              group in team 32 so with your help we'll do even better, fold more 
              proteins, and help find a cure.
news -- may 10, 2002
whoops, i haven't updated in a while. well, there's 
              a bunch of links on the senior 
              physics page all about capacitors. and there's a new page that 
              hopefully will become a walk through in how to construct a subwoofer 
              amplifier.
mini-putt -- april 21, 2002
can anyone beat my 46/48? it takes a while to load 
              but this 
              shockwave game is pretty amusing.
to be or not to be -- april 16, 
              2002
ok, we've been thinking the philosophy club thing 
              through with various interested parties and there's unfortunately 
              (or fortunately) rather a lot of reasons why it's not going to be 
              an option right at the moment. we're not ruling it out for later 
              of course (like next year), but there needs to be more thought put 
              into it first (haha - that's a pun:) anyway, we'll keep thinking 
              philosophical thoughts about very deep things but uninterupted by 
              the huge crowds and technical issues official clubdom would involve. 
              so that can only be a good thing eh? here's some 
              deep thoughts from socrates.
earthshine -- april 13, 2002
usually we see the moon because light from the sun 
              is reflecting off it. this weekend the moon is just a crescent as 
              it is located between the earth and the sun. in that position light 
              from the sun reflects off the earth and hits the moon before zooming 
              back to us so we can see it. basically it means that we might be 
              able to see all the moon instead of just the crescent bit. very 
              cool. for a picture 
              of what you're looking for check out the nasa website.
back to school -- april 11, 2002
just one more friday and then we're back to school. 
              yes, it's going to be a blast of 11 weeks non-stop fun filled work-overloaded 
              term of the year.
good friday -- march 29, 2002
surely he took up our infirmities and carried our 
              sorrows... the punishment that brought us peace was upon him, and 
              by his wounds we are healed. - psalm 53:5 
he himself bore our sins in his body 
              on the tree, so that we might die to sins and live for righteousness; 
              by his wounds you have been healed. - 1 peter 2:24
for god so loved the world that he 
              gave his one and only son, that whoever believes in him shall not 
              perish but have eternal life. - john 3:16
that's why it's called good friday.
physics in pc gaming -- march 24, 
              2002
the latest version of the unreal 
              gaming engine is being put together. apparently it's really 
              complicated and is able to reproduce all kinds of situations that 
              involve unique responses. this is accomplished by using a physics 
              engine that basically tells the computer models how they should 
              behave according to real physics. so there is a point to all this 
              classroom stuff - you can enjoy computer games.
more thinking -- march 22, 2002
everyone seems very intense on philosophy and thinking 
              at the moment. it's somewhat perplexing that the exam marks are 
              currently not reflecting this ;) i'm sure all that will improve. 
              in the mean time, i'm being pressured to put more stuff up so here's 
              another list. this one is called classical 
              apologetics. please note that i have moved the "classes" 
              section on the left menu up to the top for easier access.
thinking and planning -- march 19, 
              2002
deepscience is looking to start up a philosophy club 
              at our secret auckland school. the idea and motivation for it is 
              coming totally from the students which i think shows how brilliant 
              they are. if you're interested then you should tell me and i'll 
              pass your name on. 
planning for the big enz entry to ultimate 
              machine combat (umc) is going well. today we're having a special 
              planning meeting to get some design issues sorted with the machine. 
              it's looking pretty crazy so far. definately winning material.
site updates -- tuesday, march 12, 
              2002
wow, that's weird. it's march 12 today but when i 
              posted something yesterday it came out as march 13 when it must 
              have been the 11th. this can only mean one of two things. first, 
              i went through a wormhole in time yesterday which plunged me into 
              today's tomorrow. or second, i was so tired that i typed the date 
              in by hand and forgot i just need to press the insert date button 
              thingy. i'll leave the solution to that problem to your imagination. 
              in other news, i need to do a couple of things to the site to spruce 
              things up a bit. if you have any suggestions regarding graphic build 
              underneath the main logo then pass them on. oh, and logan, won't 
              you have to run the bike on a dyno to get the carb set up right?
more deepthinking -- march 13, 2002
there's a new list 
              in the philosophy section. it's a list. it's new. it's late and 
              i'm sleepy.
friday -- march 8, 2002
wow, i don't know about you but i had a simply terrific 
              day today.
here's 
              something really interesting about jupiter.
jet engines - march 5, 2002
after spending 30 hours over the weekend editing, 
              i have finished a 20 minute documentary on how jet engines work. 
              it's highly entertaining and has two really cool guys i know hosting 
              it. here's some more info 
              about them. i'll put some pictures up about it soon as well.
mountain dew: devil's drink? -- 
              march 3, 2002
well, it's a catchy title anyway. recently i decided 
              that i was drinking too much fizzy drink and not enough water. not 
              a problem, i'll just limit injestion of that wonderful mountain 
              dew to just one per day. seeing as coffee drinkers usually have 
              far more than that in coffee, my one per day makes me feel very 
              superior (although perhaps i'm just gulible). that's all fine and 
              dandy but at the same time someone let me know that apparently mountain 
              dew reduces sperm count. my initial thought was about how lucky 
              i was to not have a job counting such things but i've finally done 
              some research and found out that it's actually just an urban legend, 
              or myth. snopes2 
              is a great compiler of such legends, as is urbanlegends.com. 
              i don't know anything about 
              this other place but it's very funny anyway.
letter to the editor -- march 2, 
              2002
i havn't picked up a copy yet, but apparently i have 
              a letter to the editor in the weekend nz 
              herald. it relates to freedom of religious expression and the 
              recent troubling comments from the prime minister which seem to 
              promote a type of ancient soviet union atheism. all very well for 
              her, but inappropriate to force on everybody else.
projectiles -- february 25, 2002
wow, a whole bunch of cool demos to help learn about 
              projectile motion. right here on our senior 
              physics page.
dry ice day -- february 21, 2002
well, today we got through a huge variety of experiments 
              with dry ice - that's carbon dioxide in solid form. at -78°c 
              it's pretty interesting stuff. 
              for a bit more info about our experiments and dry ice, check the 
              new page out.
saturn, lord of the rings -- february 
              20, 2002
nasa have put out a couple of nice articles regarding 
              saturn. apparently if saturn was 1 metre wide the rings would 
              be about 1/1000 the width of a piece of paper! that's some pretty 
              thin rings. so it's going to be dissappearing 
              behind the moon for an hour sometime in the next 24 hours as 
              well. what they say about seeing it through a telescope for the 
              first time is true. it is really a staggeringly cool experience.
new class pages -- february 12, 
              2002
down on the menu bar on the left hand side you will 
              notice the new pages devoted to the classes i teach at school. depending 
              on how stressed i am at the time, i plan on posting important things 
              to remember (like upcoming tests and assignment due dates).
the folks at ultimate 
              machine combat are looking forward to recieving our completed 
              entry. steve writes, "that's great news about the video... 
              i'm really looking forward to seeing your film! i'll drop you a 
              line when it gets in to let you know it has arrived. cheers for 
              now." i'm running a bit short of space on this paradise server 
              but i'll see if i can post a little wmv movie. 
update: the 
              movie is 1.8mb in size and is in windows media player 8 format. 
              not bad quality really considering it's 7 and a half minutes long 
              :) kick it in the guts trev
scrapheap entries -- february 1, 
              2002
deepscience is currently helping two excellent teams 
              with entries to this years round of scrapheap challenge. the two 
              teams are totally different from each other so it's really interesting. 
              one team likes rebuilding engines of all 
              descriptions and the other team likes making jet engines. i'm 
              still looking for a top aero/auto mechanic to join the jetboys and 
              all the guff about that is 
              here.
back from parachute -- monday, january 
              28, 2002
parachute music festival in matamata is now over 
              and perhaps a little reflecton is in order. i interviewed about 
              50 people and here's what the gossip is regarding the largest christian 
              music festival in the southern hemisphere. 
              (more)
tech support -- january 24, 2002
here are some funny 
              true stories from computer tech support people. hey, school 
              starts tomorrow! ahh, how the summer has flown.
engines and things -- tuesday, january 
              22, 2002
11:52am -- even funnier is the response of 
              that aussie movie critic to all the criticism of his article. in 
              what is titled "an open apology to new zealand," martin 
              graham writes a very 
              humourous second article.
2:00am -- here's 
              some info i've put together on the differences between 2 stroke 
              and 4 stroke engines. while putting it together i mucked up one 
              of the site templates and had to rebuild most of the pages. so if 
              you find any glitches across any of the 75 pages with the little 
              deepscience logo at the top then let me know :)
savaged rings -- saturday, january 
              19, 2002
an australian movie critic decided to have a go at 
              ripping the lord of the rings to bits solely because it was made 
              in new zealand. well, kiwis have ripped back with hundreds of emails 
              and this rather 
              insightful article in the nz herald.
first profession -- monday, january 
              14, 2002
a physician, an engineer, and an attorney 
              were discussing who among them belonged to the oldest of the three 
              professions represented. the physician said, "remember, on the sixth 
              day god took a rib from adam and fashioned eve, making him the first 
              surgeon. therefore, medicine is the oldest profession." 
 the engineer replied, "but, before 
              that, god created the heavens and earth from chaos and confusion, 
              and thus he was the first engineer. therefore, engineering is an 
              older profession than medicine." 
 then, the lawyer spoke up. "yes," 
              he said, "but who do you think created all of the chaos and confusion?"
ultimate machine combat -- friday, 
              january 11, 2002
you heard it here first. the makers of the 
              awesome educational tv show, scrapheap challenge have put 
              together a new show. ultimate 
              machine combat pits 30 teams from around the world in making 
              atvs - all terrain vehicles, in just one month. the result is shipped 
              to the uk where they battle it out over a confoundingly confusing 
              course of mud and hills. our very own big 
              enz team is even considering entering so we'll keep you updated.              
books, calenders, and scrap -- thursday, 
              january 3, 2002
i just had to check out the date function and see 
              if it was working. wow, 2002. that makes me feel really old. i remember 
              standing around at school when i was 16. we were all talking about 
              what it would be like when we turned 30 and the date turned 2000 
              and beyond. hmmm, well, i guess most of us are there now. 
prime tv has changed the time they 
              broadcast scrapheap challenge for the third time to start at 8pm 
              now. it's a better time so you can't complain i suppose. it's really 
              hot and hazy in auckland this week. apparently the dust from the 
              sydney fires is causing an added muggyness here. 30 degrees with 
              a burn time of 10 minutes or so. yuck.
lord of the rings -- friday, december 
              28, 2001
this comment from "paladintook" in california 
              (to which we most heartedly agree),


peter jackson has done what no other director 
                has ever really accomplished. he has taken a movie-going audience 
                into an absolute, and utterly different reality. many have attempted, 
                some have succeeded, but none have transcended reality in such 
                a deep and meaningful fashion. but here's why the movie really 
                triumphs so completely: it's mind-numbing special effects are 
                completely overshadowed by the heart and soul of a man, a wizard, 
                and most importantly - a hobbit. 

it's the best movie i've ever seen. 
              people make "action" movies or "comedy" movies. they don't make 
              "real" movies that transport you into an intricate, delicate, and 
              enthralling other world and story. a place where the reasons 
              for people doing things are more important than the actual things 
              they do. peter j does it with lotr. everything about it just amazes 
              me. 

back up to the top
 



 

all 
              pictures and themes are copyright ©2002 deepscience.com and t. 
              mander or their creators. all original work is protected by 
              intellectual property laws. no copyright infringement is intended 
              by deepscience.com - we are a science fan site for students.
this site 
              may debate contemporary political, ethical, and philosophical issues, 
              especially as they relate to the world of science. it's part of 
              what deepscience is all about.



 
 "truthiness is tearing apart our country, and i don't mean the argument over who came up with the word. i don't know whether it's a new thing, but it's certainly a current thing, in that it doesn't seem to matter what facts are. it used to be, everyone was entitled to their own opinion, but not their own facts. but that's not the case anymore. facts matter not at all. perception is everything."
        stephen colbert 



  

how to make your pc go faster :) these 
          guys are great 


 


 





 


