










		thoroughbreds chophouse - fine dining restaurant in myrtle beach		 :			
























































 






















thoroughbreds chophouse


about

our steaks
history
rooms/tour
faqs
reviews
employment


menus

dinner menu
falabella menu
paddock pub menu
holiday menus
wine & cocktails
catering
promotions


hours & location
private events
gift certificates
contact
 

reservations








farabella
farabella


creme-22_v2


scallops-22_v2







hero-banner-m


















over 30 years of fine dining
for nearly 30 years, thoroughbreds chophouse & seafood grille has been widely considered by locals and tourists alike, to be the best fine dining restaurant in myrtle beach. locally owned and operated from day one, it is our family’s promise to offer only the finest quality cuisine and unparalleled service to our guests. with a like-minded staff of over forty culinary professionals, our team is dedicated to delivering upon that very promise. we invite you to step inside our doors and experience fine dining unrivaled by any other restaurant on the grand strand.
learn more









we’ll overwhelm your palette

although the years have passed, our commitment to exemplary cuisine and impeccable service remain as strong as ever. we have recently updated our foyer with a beautiful chandelier and rare equine oil paintings from artists the world over. tropical palm trees and vibrant hibiscus dot the freshly updated exterior landscape. state of the art kitchen equipment has been installed to ensure that our culinary team has the best tools of the trade. we have recently unveiled a modern martini menu showcasing premium spirits from across the globe.
























be on the inside
enter your email address below to sign-up for our monthly newsletter!
























thoroughbreds chophouse


home
about
menus
private events
gift certificates
contact
 
9706 n. kings hwy, myrtle beach, sc  |  843. 497. 2636

employment  
		privacy  
		terms  | 
		copyright 2025 thoroughbreds chophouse  | 
		web design by three ring focus



