


























home - acer india - acer





























skip to main content









acer.org
contact




india 


 australia
 indonesia
 indonesia - bahasa
 malaysia
 uae
 uk
 global


















about us


our expertise


projects and services


publications


careers


news



acer.org

contact



facebook


linkedin


x















menu















            australian council for educational research
        

transforming learning systems so everyone can succeed

















a tool to gauge teaching performance





acer india has developed a tool for classroom observation that enables schools to make informed decisions about teachers’ professional development.


read article 


















acer india represented at ecer 2024
anannya chakraborty presented on disability-inclusive education at the european conference on educational research (ecer) in nicosia, cyprus.







international assessment gets new, more effective way of reporting
student achievement in the international benchmark tests (ibt) will now be reported with help of the acer data explorer.







acer india launches new teacher assessment
standardised teacher assessment and review (star) is an evidence-informed, high-quality assessment to enable improvement in teaching and learning outcomes.  







evaluation in kyrgyzstan
acer india has been selected by unicef kyrgyzstan to evaluate the project ‘ensuring quality education of children affected by covid-19’.






 

                discover more 
                
                    




 





            discover the latest reports from acer
        




search








 



national education assessment grade 3 report


 



using assessment data in education policy and practice


 



the national student assessment 2022


 



understanding competency based learning for reading literacy


 

                more reports 
                
                    





 







 




            we support countries to transform learning systems




 















 






implementation of bhutan's national education assessment
2018-21
acer was the technical partner for the national education assessment (nea) which measures learning achievements of students in grades 3, 6, and 9, once every 3 years. 







professional development of scert staff
2018-20
acer supported the professional development of state councils of education research and training (scert) staff on robust assessment systems in 5 states. 







evaluation of zambian programmes
2019-21
acer was unicef’s evaluation partner for the zambian girls 2030 programme and the catch-up scale-up programme.







international benchmark tests
2007 onwards
a world class competency-based assessment for schools to track student progress against international standards.







 




            partnerships to improve learning
        

we partner with a range of international organisations, national governments, sub-national governments, non-government organisations, and schools.

 



































acer india
406/407, southern park saket, new delhi 110 017 india
 google maps
 sales.india@acer.org
 +91 11 4508 5896











name*



email*



phone




message









website











recaptcha helps prevent automated form spam.
the submit button will be disabled until you complete the captcha.



                                    submit 























about us


locations


organisation


governance


history


careers




our expertise


system transformation


professional learning


assessment services


monitoring and evaluation




projects and services


system reform


professional development


monitoring and evaluation


assessment services




news & media


media releases


social media directory











© 2024 australian council for educational research — acer, official partner of unesco
privacy policy 
                    online terms of use









loading

×




title loading
































×



search








keyword search




search

enter search terms (min 3 characters).
error unable to connect to search. please try again later.



































this website uses cookies to improve user experience

                we use cookies to personalise content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyse our traffic. we also share
                information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners who may combine it with other
                information that you've provided to them or that they've collected from your use of their services. you can read more about the cookies we use and how to change your consent on our
                cookie policy page.
            

i accept all cookies


i consent to the following types of cookies being used on this website:


essential

essential



analytics



marketing


save cookie preferences







