




 


escrow institute of california - home



 







log in












 











home




join us



director - willingness to serve




eic committee sign up







events




partners




directory




eic pac




eic advocacy



advocacyfunds







eic store




forums




news




contact













welcome to the escrow institute of california member websitethe escrow institute of california is committed to protecting your real estate investment and transaction. that means providing you with an escrow officer you can trust – someone who can protect you against fraud and guide you through the complex process of securing your property. eic members are licensed by the california department of financial protection and innovation (dfpi), undergo background checks and fingerprinting by the california department of justice and are bonded by the escrow agents’ fidelity corporation. 

 
meet your 2025 board of directors



go!


 





why join eic now?

while other associations use a calendar year dues billing, eic is now offering annual dues starting and renewing on the date you join.
the $800 yearly dues is a company-wide membership. your owners, managers, escrow staff will all be a part of our organization.

questions? call me to discuss! michele kibbe, membership committee chair, at 858-565-4009. email – michele.kibbe@phescrow.com

educate, innovate, collaborate!

   click here to become a member!



read pj’s full message addressed to our community here.






click here to read beulah's recognition


 

 

join the eic to read full article.

click here to read the full report


join the eic to read the full article


join eic to read the full article.




click here to become a member of our tribe.
click here to join & become a member!

join eic to read the full article.




click here to read full article


click here to read the update.
join eic to read the full article.





 

 

click here to read the full article.

click here to read the full article.









click here to read the full article. 







join eic to read full
article. 


 


















upcoming events



march 13, 2025  eic general membership meeting

thursday, march 13, 2025 5:00 pm
•
the grand conference center, 4101 e. willow street, long beach, ca 90815  562-426-0555






eic partners


























recent news



why join eic now?

monday, september 30, 2024 3:15 pm


anonymous



from the desk of the president – june 2024  by: pj garcia

sunday, june 16, 2024 11:37 am


anonymous



e-pac needs your attention!

thursday, may 16, 2024 10:41 pm


anonymous



seeking amazing members to serve on the eic board of directors

thursday, march 21, 2024 12:31 pm


anonymous




 
epac fund

genia engelstad speaks about the epac fund.



your browser does not support the video tag.


eic member benefits

escrow institute of california provides members with first-class education. we are also the legal lobby in sacramento protecting your business and your rights. login to the members only section to receive benefits information, important news and alerts. 

recent forum updates


there are no forum topics to display.


 









copyright © 2024 escrow institute of california. all rights reserved.
use of any portion of this website without the express written authorization of the escrow institute of california is strictly prohibited.



























powered by wild apricot membership software







