














 

home - banner witcoff















































banner witcoff































about usour teampractices + industriescareersnews + eventslibrary




search for:











 







protecting ip. propelling business.
banner witcoff is the trusted partner of choice for protecting and enforcing intellectual property, completely.

learn more



our team
practices + industries
search careers
 







highlights



ptab highlights | takeaways from recent decisions in post-issuance proceedings




alice analysis: practical guidance from a decade of eligibility cases – part i
        










deep experience in all aspects of ip.
in the past 10+ years banner witcoff has filed:









                    patent litigations
                






                    trademark litigations
                




+


                    other ip litigations
                




 



news + events











            

banner witcoff elects new president, board members, and shareholders – more than 60% of new shareholders are women


          



      january 27, 2025, chicago, il — banner witcoff announces the election of firm president katie laatsch fink, two new members of the board of directors, and eight new shareholders. katie
    

read more









      20 banner witcoff attorneys listed as 2025 illinois leading, emerging lawyers
    


    leading lawyers, a division of law bulletin media, has recognized 20 banner witcoff attorneys as “leading lawyers” and “emerging lawyers” in intellectual property law for 2025 in illinois. leading lawyers:
  




      2025 wtr 1000: the world’s leading trademark professionals ranks banner witcoff and four attorneys
    


    banner witcoff received a silver ranking in the 2025 edition of world trademark review 1000 – the world’s leading trademark professionals. in addition to the firm-wide recognition, the guide recognized
  




      ip alert | 2025 u.s. patent fee changes
    


    on november 19, 2024, the u.s. patent and trademark office announced its final rule to update its patent fee schedule effective january 19, 2025. while most of the fees increase by
  




      ip alert | 2025 u.s. trademark fee changes
    


    on november 15, 2024, the u.s. patent and trademark office announced its final rule to update its trademark fee schedule effective january 18, 2025. not only will fees increase for
  

view more posts








search our library.
our archives hold two decades’ worth of thought leadership in ip.
view full library




what industry are you interested in?

industry
chemistry + chemical engineering
electrical + computer technologies
internet, e-commerce + business methods
life sciences + pharmaceuticals
medical devices
mechanical engineering



what practice area are you interested in? 

practice
appellate litigation
copyright
counseling, opinions + licensing
counterfeit goods seizure
design patents
jury trials
litigation
patent interferences
ptab litigation
patent prosecution
section 337/itc litigation
trade dress
trade secrets
trademarks


submit



























education and networking.
for ip attorneys working as in-house counsel, our corporate ip roundtables and witcon delivered events provide valuable educational and networking opportunities.
















































 







get in touch.
contact us to let us know how we can help you with your ip needs.





  chicago
  

 

  washington d.c.
  

 

  boston
  

 

  portland
  






chicago

                  71 south wacker drive
                       /  suite 3600
                     chicago, il 60606
              

        main: 312.463.5000
          /  fax: 312.463.5001
      


 











 your name (required)



 your email (required)



 subject



 message






please leave this field empty.
δ 







washington d.c.

                  1100 13th street nw
                       /  suite 1200
                     washington, dc 20005
              

        main: 202.824.3000
          /  fax: 202.824.3001
      


 











 your name (required)



 your email (required)



 subject



 message






please leave this field empty.
δ 







boston

                  28 state street
                       /  suite 1800
                     boston, ma 02109
              

        main: 617.720.9600
          /  fax: 617.720.9601
      


 











 your name (required)



 your email (required)



 subject



 message






please leave this field empty.
δ 







portland

                  111 sw 5th street / suite 3150
                     portland, or 97204
              

        main: 503.425.6800
        
      


 











 your name (required)



 your email (required)



 subject



 message






please leave this field empty.
δ 

















 

banner witcoff, all rights reserved


locations
contact us
witcon delivered
rss feed
patent arcade blog
disclaimer
privacy policy
transparency in coverage
 






linkedin

 



 xthis website uses cookies to improve user experience. by using our website you consent to all cookies in accordance with our privacy policy. read morecookie settingsrejectacceptprivacy & cookies policy




close






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.

 





                                necessary                            


 necessary 


                                    always enabled                                



cookiedescriptionawselbthis cookie is associated with amazon web services and is used for managing sticky sessions across production servers.jsessionidused by sites written in jsp. general-purpose platform session cookies that are used to maintain users' state across page requests.viewed_cookie_policythe cookie is set by the gdpr cookie consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. it does not store any personal data.






                                analytics                            


analytics




cookiedescription_gathis cookie is installed by google analytics. the cookie is used to calculate visitors, session, campaign data and keep track of site usage for the site's analytics report. the cookies store information anonymously and assigns a randomly generated number to identify unique visitors._gidthis cookie is installed by google analytics. the cookie is used to store information on how visitors use a website and helps in creating an analytics report of how the website is doing. the data collected including the number visitors, the source where they have come from, and the pages visited in an anonymous form.






                                performance                            


performance




cookiedescription_gatthis cookies is installed by google universal analytics to throttle the request rate to limit the collection of data on high traffic sites.












save & accept


powered by 






































contact banner witcoff



share on linkedin



view this page as a pdf



share on twitter



email this page



print this page













































