



steve landis photographer - the official site - celebrity portrait and fashion photography and video











 



 















 
tour 
              eiffel, with ysl shoe
 
five girls walking, upper east side manhattan
 


 
w 
            magazine, paris, 1984
 
norma kamali campaign, 1981
 




 


welcome 
              to the archives section.
the 
                photo of the ysl shoe above left was taken on a cloudy and misty winter day.  
                i was assigned to photograph 8 to 10 styles of shoes from top 
                fashion designers including yves saint laurent and chanel, for 
                w magazine.  we moved around paris and shot in different 
                spots with different props.  i mostly shoot people, so when 
                i get an assignment like this, its fun and a challenge.  
                i decided that i wanted to do something special with the ysl pump 
                and utilized a technique that i'd been saving for years, just 
                as it turned out to use for this occasion.
interview - the calcutta times of the times of india newspaper,  interviewed steve landis for a sunday arts section, page one story 
                published august 6, 2006. click here to see the story and pictures 
              from that interview.
more 
                about this website...here 
                you can view a large collection of photos, including early 
                pictures of super models, actors, actresses and other celebrities, 
                taken throughout the career of the photographer.  see original polaroid pictures and read behind 
                the scenes stories of early 
                 fashion photography shoots of steve landis.  
                this site also containsinformation on how 
                many of the photos were created.
 
__________
 

 
 "norma was great to work for. she allowed me complete freedom to do my movement style." - steve landis
read more of this story and see this shot larger here.
about 
              the photographer..              steve landis has specialized in artistic portrait photography of celebrities, 
              covers and editorial fashion pages for leading international magazines. 
            creating simple but powerful images have always been trademarks of landis' work.
steve landis has travelled through many parts of the world during a career in professional photography incorporating the areas of photojournalism,  fashion, beauty, and celebrity portrait photography for major publications for over 25 years.  steve now primarily concentrates on directing and shooting high definition video productions.
"i owe everything to god, and have been greatly blessed during my life and give the glory and thanks to yeshua for a renewed life of peace and joy," states landis. 
steve 
            landis is now acceptingassignments.  please email steve with your contact info, and we will get in touch with you.
fine 
              art prints  —  certain 
                black and white photography images and select color photographs may be available in limited editions, 
                as archival quality fine art prints, signed by the photographer.  
              inquire by clicking on the e-mail link below and writing the words 
              "art prints" in the subject heading, and include 
                the name of the photo you are interested in, with in the text of 
          the e-mail.
 






 

 
all 
                photographs and other content contained herein is owned by and 
                copyright 1975-2014 by steve landis.this web page copyright 2014 
                by steve landis.  all other rights are reserved. 
to 
                contact steve landis 
                please e-mail: for work related inquiries please write "photo 
                work" in the subject heading.all photographs ©stevelandis 
                1975-2014. all other rights reserved.

 


 





