






        mgn funding corp    

































<![endif]-->





 
















let's help you...


get your first home
find your dream house
find a great rate
get qualified
get cash out



										whatever your goals are we are here to help!
										click our prequalifier to get started!
									



purchase 
refinance 




















how we can help buy your dream house





get pre-qualified


we can get you prequalified online so you can make an offer with confidence that it will get accepted.




											benefits
										


get your offer accepted



know your buying range



get pre-qualified




shop for best rate


we will use our network of lenders to shop for the best rates and loan program to fit your needs.




											benefits
										


shop multiple lenders



lower rates, lower payments



shop rates




fast funding


our team will use our expertise to make sure your loan gets funded fast! we make funding a breeze.




											benefits
										


hassle free funding



get your dream house



fund your new home
















welcome to mgn funding corp


at mgn funding corp, we treat each customer as an individual, not a number. we
                                don't place you into a loan profile formula created by the banking industry. we use
                                "common sense" and will help you obtain the best loan possible. we represent a
                                wide range of "a" rated lenders with first quality rates to private "hardship"
                                lenders.
we work with more than 100 investors. this allows us to get you the best rates on all
                                types of loan programs including: 30yr mortgage, 20yr mortgage, 15yr mortgage, 10yr
                                mortgage, 1yr arms, 3yr arms, 5yr arms, conventional, jumbo, home equity lines, va and
                                commercial. whether your situation calls for full documents, no documents, non-owner
                                occupied (investor) or multi-family, we'll fit your needs!















meet our team


our team at mgn funding corp is fast, friendly,
                                experienced and here to help you every step of the process!















our satisfied clients

 












latest blog posts
















monthly buydown calculator


use this calculator to see how you can initially lower your monthly payments.





* please note: this calculator is for illustration payments and actual payments may vary.















purchasing


we work conforming and non-conforming real estate loans.  
click here for more














monthly payment mortgage calculator*
use this calculator to see monthly payments for
                                    different loan amounts.





* please note: this calculator is for illustration payments and actual payments
                                    may vary.
                                

  












the mgn funding corp advantage





local knowledge


we know the area and the market and we're part of your community, not a bot on the net :)





fast processing


we work to close your loan as quickly as possible. we can even hit curveballs!





best service


we offer a hybrid approach of new technology to speed closing and old fashioned customer service and communication.





utilizing technology


we have the latest online tech like secure mobile uploading and we're available to use the device the old-fashioned way too!
















the mgn funding corp address






contact us:
email: loans@mgnfunding.com

phone: (855) 646-5626
address: 115-01 lefferts blvd south ozone,
                                        ny 11420
office hours:
monday-friday: 9am to 6pm saturday: 10am to 2pm sunday: closed

















refinance
we can help you lock in a long term fixed rate and get out of your arm.
click here for more







 












apply now
get started with our easy online application.
click here to get started

 















latest news








 













learning center



the loan process
how much can i afford?
refinance analysis
what will my monthly payment be?
mortgage terms explained















calculate monthly payment*






*=this is only an estimate, provided for illustrative purposes only. actual rates and payments may vary. it does not constitute a quote.



 


















about us


we strive to deliver the highest levels of service to help you reach your goals. we thank you for your trust and support. from the first call to closing, our team is with you every step of the way!




 connect with us














contact us




 115-01 lefferts blvdsouth ozone, ny 11420


 (855) 646-5626


 loans@mgnfunding.com






loan options



fixed rate mortgage
fha home loan
va home loan
jumbo home loan
first time home buyer
investment property loans
refinance





resources 



contact us
get a quote
apply online
reviews
nmls consumer access
ada accessibility statement
privacy policy









equal housing opportunity     mgn funding corp ™ 2023  |   company nmls: 42791									
								














licensed mortgage banker
new york state department of financial services and new jersey department of banking and insurance    nmls# 42791
toll free # (855) mgn - loan    (855- 646-5626)
 applicants must qualify according to credit, income and property guidelines. conditions and restrictions may apply, rate subject to change without notice.
*= the rates and annual percentage rate (apr) displayed are based upon the following assumptions: 1-4 family primary residence, 25% down payment (e.g. $25,000 down on a $100,000 purchase price), conforming loan amount, $1,995 in finance charges, 30 days prepaid interest, 1 point, 30-day rate lock. the rates and annual percentage rate (apr) will vary depending upon the actual down payment percentages, points and fees for your transaction. rates and the margin for adjustable-rate mortgages [if applicable] are subject to change without prior notice and may vary with your unique credit history, and terms of your loan. the rates displayed vary by property state, may change or not be available at commitment or closing or may be subject to product restrictions.
 





mortgage website marketing


        this site is protected by recaptcha and the google
        privacy policy
        and
        terms of service
        apply.
    




top



















