


telegraph-history













telegraph-history














  this site contains several articles that focus on u.s. telegraph-history.
 the majority of these articles first appeared in the "key and telegraph"
column of "the awa journal," the quarterly magazine of the antique wireless association     (a non-profit historical society.)
 these web versions have been expanded to include additional information, images and illustrations.
  some have evolved into comprehensive sites.
other articles are original classic works by telegraph pioneers, engineers
 and inventors.   
certain new articles will be added here in the future.











    
the telegraph   



a description of telegraph systems written primarily by thomas a. edison
as published in appletons' cyclopaedia of applied mechanics in 1880.










early manufacturers of telegraph and electrical apparatus




an article and web site that lists u.s. telegraph manufacturers that were in operation
prior to 1918. also included are over 415 manufacturer ads with notes
about the companies and people associated with them.












when the telegraph came to california





two articles by james gamble  
from the californian magazine, 1881 :


early reminiscences of the telegraph on the pacific coast




the first telegraph lines in california.



and


wiring a continent




the making of the u.s. transcontinental telegraph line.








charles williams jr.





charles williams jr. was an important telegraph instrument
manufacturer. but, it was the experimental apparatus built at his machine
shop that became historic for the u.s. telecommunications industry. 
his boston factory is considered the birthplace of the telephone.



part one: experimental apparatus made to order






and



part two:
human voice sent via telegraph















george m. phelps




19th century telegraph instrument maker and inventor for the american telegraph co. and western union.










horace g. martin




telegrapher, inventor, and manufacturer
best known for his invention of the vibroplex bug.













the western electric manufacturing co.



the history of the company that evolved
from the needs and influence of western union into
 the western electric company.









the vail register




the telegraph register designed by 
alfred vail that was used on the
first telegraph line between
washington and baltimore in 1844.












bunnell vs bunnell




a bunnell telegraphic and electrical co. catalog
is also viewable 
here.





j.h. bunnell & co. was the largest manufacturer
of telegraph instruments in the united states.
this article covers the history of two competing
bunnell companies that merged in the early 1900s.











a monument to
charles minot





the history of the monument erected
to commemorate the introduction of the
telegraph in u.s. railway service.












franklin l. pope



engineer, inventor, telegrapher, explorer, writer, and an early partner with thomas edison.









relays, keys, registers and sounders


by franklin popefrom: the telegrapherjuly 27, 1872.





an early article that documents the evolution
of telegraph instruments in the u.s. and provides
 a snapshot of its progress as of 1872.













the telegraphinstrument
factory of john dean caton




the story of the illinois state
supreme court judge who brought
the telegraph to the mid-west
 united states during the 1850s.










john c. barclay :
western union's chief engineer, 1902 - 1910.





the career and inventions of this
former telegrapher best known for
his work in printing telegraphy.













the bunnell double speed key:


was it really introduced in 1888?




an important key design introduced during the emerging semi-automatic telegraph key market.








the evolution of a triumph





the history of the most popular telegraph key used in the u.s.












signature of the father




the last telegraph message by samuel morse sent from
the academy of music, new york - june 10, 1871.











the old time telegraphers' and historical association

and

the society of the united states military telegraph corps






an article that covers the history
of two prestigious telegrapher organizations.













george conkling:
champion telegrapher




the career of a famous telegrapher
and his association with some
unique telegraph keys.










the origin of the word "bug"







the technical and legal history of the name given to semi-automatic transmitters.
















l. g. tillotson & co.


               and




e. s. greeley & co.








two successive companies that were major telegraph manufacturers during the 19th century.  their business growth was directly influenced by the expansion of the u.s. railroad industry.









new







the m.p. pedersen/amplidan key






a popular maritime key with 19th century roots



















thomas hall
catalog






an illustrated catalog of telegraphic and electrical instruments
by thomas hall of boston, ma, published in 1881.















bunnell telegraphic and electrical co. catalog





a catalog of telegraph instruments by the bunnell telegraphic and electrical company
of new york, ny, published ca. 1901.












       

       




click here to view this early map showing the
lines of 
 morse's electro-magnetic telegraph
that were in operation and being constructed
in the u.s. as of january, 1848.            
   from : the weekly herald, new york  january 29, 1848   









     

       



click here to view the map:


 telegraph stations in the united states, 
the canadas and nova scotia.
from : the library of congress, geography and map division,
barr, chas. b.  published 1853













click here to view the map:


 u.s. transcontinental telegraph line 1861

the atlantic and pacific coasts were linked together by constructing
 a line from the "eastern connection" at omaha, nebraska to the
 "western connection" at carson city, nevada.


from: the new naval and military map of the united states,
by j. calvin smith, j. m. atwood, map engraver, philadelphia, pa. 1862.
"entered according to act of congress in the year 1862 by r.p. smith." 
library of congress geography and map division, washington, d.c.

























telegraph-history.org

copyright (c) by john casale -  w2ni
troy, new york usa
2023






e-mail
















