









home - cboss, inc.
















































followfollowfollow






(866) 726-0429






sales@cbossinc.com



get in touch

pay bill online















about us
industries

government
healthcare
service industries


services

omnichannel payments
reporting & reconciliation
onboarding & support
pointclickpay


business

integration
partners


resources

events
blog
case studies & whitepapers


contact

contact us
cpp support














 












real people innovating payments & engagements

in the business since 1997, we are an industry-leader in secure online payment portals and continue to be at the forefront of new technology that keeps your information protected.












omnichannel payments

cpp flex pay is an omnichannel payment solution, offering several options and methods for your customers to pay when, how and where they want.

omnichannel payments continued



integration

cboss offers multiple integration options with flexible apis to bring online payments into your application, while keeping most pci compliance responsibility in ours.

integration continued







cboss can check all your boxes







expert partners



cboss has partnered with industry leaders to bring you the best processing rates and service. our processing partners are payment specialists with years of experience, just like us. 

expert partners continued





easy onboarding



onboarding with a new online payment system can be overwhelming and stressful. cboss provides you with a dedicated onboarding specialist that will walk you through every step from contract signing to first deposit.

onboarding continued





helpful support team



cboss has a dedicated support team of real people located in ohio, not bots. when you call to ask us a question, you will be greeted by one of our payment experts who can be your first point of contact for any payment issues.

cboss support continued







industries

we have decades of experience in a variety of industries. click one of the links below to explore how cboss can help you scale in yours.







healthcare

cboss is a leader in patient focused payments and communications solutions with automated posting and reconciliation.

healthcare continued





government

cboss has decades of experience providing payment solutions for government clients at all levels and solutions for many common rcm challenges that they face.

government continued





service industries

we offer our services to other markets outside of healthcare and government. the flexibility of our solutions makes cboss a perfect fit in any industry.

service industries continued







the standard in digital payments

as we continue to innovate, we look for new ways to make the entire payment process simple and user-friendly. our integration flexibility and ease of onboarding remove the worry. we offer multiple solutions to meet your payment needs.







online payment apis

our application programming interface streamlines the business process allowing our clients to save time and money.

payment apis continued





pos

as a full service payment solution provider, we offer secure point of service systems that use our central payment portal technology.

pos continued





hosted payment forms

allow us to host your payment forms. this allows quick & efficient payment processing through our pci compliant gateway.

hosted payments continued



 
















(866) 726-0429








sales@cbossinc.com





book a demo



pay bill online



privacy policy



 



























