










home - nampa chamber of commerce



























































  
















skip to content




























 
homeabout staff board of directors blog our story advocacy contact usdirectorymembers facility rental job postings join now! membership benefits member events member login certificates of originprograms events calendar signature events & programs ag forum ambassador program economic forum leadership nampa program leadership nampa class of 2025 leadership nampa class of 2024 leadership nampa class of 2023 leadership nampa class of 2022 leadership nampa class of 2020 taste of idaho voter’s guideabout nampa nampa magazine things to do places to stay meetings education snake river stampede rodeo








 







 
















welcome to the nampa chamber of commerce
discover the heartbeat of our vibrant community through engaging events, impactful initiatives, and invaluable connections. together, let's build a stronger, more prosperous nampa!

















chamber updates



















mark your calendar 




more events


 


















welcome new chamber members 




directory


 


















					register				








					join us				








					directory				








					job board				








					log in				





















 
business & breakfast 2/13/2025join us for our business & breakfast series at the hampton inn & suites from 7:30 - 8:30 am. you'll learn "what you didn't know that you need to know," as well as our infamous legal and business tips. business & breakfast also features our fan-favorite 2.3-second introductions around the room!
thank you to strategic wealth designs for sponsoring business & breakfast in january.
thanks to the generosity of our sponsors, the hampton inn, white peterson, and northwest nazarene university, business & breakfast is a free event for our members. rsvp is required.


more info


 


 
ag forum 2/19/2025
the business of agriculture: idaho’s path forward
come and celebrate agriculture in the treasure valley with us! the ag forum connects the agriculture industry and local businesses, raising awareness about the vital role of agriculture and food processing in southern idaho's economy. each year, we invite guest speakers to highlight the importance of agriculture to our local communities, present information on relevant issues to our agricultural and agribusiness community, and provide updates on pending agricultural issues in our state legislature.
back by popular demand, the ag forum includes a local ffa student speaker each year. the expansive exhibit area in the ford idaho sports center provides local businesses with a great opportunity to showcase their products and services.


more info


 


 
networking @ nightjoin us for an exciting pop-up networking @ night event at pub and putt! this is your chance to mingle, make connections, and enjoy a fun-filled evening with fellow chamber members in a relaxed and lively atmosphere.
enjoy delicious thin-crust pizzas, sandwiches, and bar snacks while sipping on craft beers from 24 rotating taps. feeling competitive? take a swing at the 9-hole indoor mini golf course!
we’re offering two mini golf sessions:
⛳ 4:00 pm - 5:00 pm
⛳ 5:00 pm - 6:00 pm
rsvp is required to secure your spot for mini golf, so choose your session and get ready for a great time!
come for the networking, stay for the fun, and let’s make some great connections!


more info


 


 
coffee connect 2/25/2025coffee connect is the place to be for coffee and conversation. this members-only event lets you connect with your nampa chamber board members, staff, and other chamber members. discuss business issues, learn how to maximize your membership, and network. coffee connect also features our fan-favorite 2.3-second introductions around the room!
thank you to optimum business solutions for sponsoring coffee connect in february!


more info


 











































































































strategic partners















































































































 












© 2025 nampa chamber of commerce
 | 
site by growthzone
























nampa chamber of commerce













208-466-4641 














323 11th avenue south | nampa, id 83651 














email 










facebook





twitter





instagram











additional resources













directory 














member application 














member login 


















 © 2025 nampa chamber of commerce.  all rights reserved | site by growthzone 








 
scroll to top




















