






suction! • central vacuum blog























suction!
aspria systemscentral vacuum blog




for information on residential central vacuum systems, new central systems technology &
cvac industry information. suction! on centralvacuumsystems.com is the aspria central vacuums blog.
always informative & insightful,  not always glued on straight…  welcome to the suck. 





utility of the central vacuum inlet


the cvac hose inlet mounted next to or attached with the power unit is often called a “utility inlet”. these inlets  are often promoted as an easy option for cleaning in the garage or basement where many vacuum system power units are mounted. today the utility inlet is promoted as an important feature of central vacuums, but that is not how they started.
the utility inlet was originally devised for maintenance of the vacuum system itself. many of the first consumer central vacuums used cyclonic separation which is unfortunately quite messy when it comes time for regular emptying of the bin. the separation cone, filter screen and internal shrouds are all places where dirt and dust will accumulate and during maintenance when the bin is removed these soils often fall out of the vacuum.
for some of us a little dirt on the garage floor is not exactly new. some cyclonic vacuum system owners keep a garbage can with liner sitting just under the vacuum at all times. this will catch most of the debris that might fall out of the vacuum during maintenance of the bin and the filter screen in cyclonic vacuums, and gives you a convenient place to dump the bin when full. if your messy cyclonic central vacuum has a utility inlet you need only hook up your hose to recover escaped debris once your bin is reattached to the vacuum and your filter screen has been cleaned.
aspria vacuums offers the more advanced permanent filter system or sealed bag collection system, both of which keep their dust in the bin or bag during regular maintenance and not on the floor. instead of permanently mounting the utility intake into the front of the vacuum, aspria includes an inline switched utility inlet that allows you to place the valve where it is best for you. often our clients find it best to mount the utility inlet near a garage door which allows cleaning of one or two cars in the garage and one in the drive all from the same inlet while keeping your vacuum mounted nearer to the front of the garage out of the way of traffic and away from any weather that may come in from an open garage door.
aspria gq and hhq series also include optional intake mounted utility inlets when used in bagless collection mode that allows installation of the utility inlet directly into the body of the vacuum along (old-school style) with the inline mounting option included with all models of aspria vacuum. a built-in utility inlet may have been more useful in the older cyclonic separation design than newer permanent filtered or bagged vacuums but we like the idea of giving the client all options and letting the client decide which is best for their home.


posted on march 29, 2016by vacdepotcvs technology 




get control of yourself.



if presented with the two above component cards and asked which you would rather have in your laptop as a high speed graphics card for game play you would quickly select the card on the right. this card is clearly outfitted with some advanced technology and would make a much better choice of graphics card.
what if presented with the two same component cards again and asked to select which card you would rather have connected to your kitchen light switch?  when you flip your wall switch for your kitchen lights this component card will turn the lights on or off. in this scenario you instinctively would choose the card on the left. the card on the left has many fewer components and for a simple task and it would be more reliable because there are fewer parts to fail. both component cards perform the exact same task so the one that does it with fewer parts is more efficient and statistically more reliable. continue reading →


posted on may 28, 2015by vacdepotcvs technology 




central vacuum system install faq


installing a central vacuum system in a new or pre-existing home is an easy process in most cases that can be completed in one or two days. adding a central cleaning system to a residence not only makes cleaning more efficient and convenient, but also adds value to the home that is often 2 – 4 times the initial cost of equipment. central cleaning is the choice for those who want more power, better filtration and the reliability of a built-in appliance that can not be found in a portable upright or canister vacuum.
 continue reading →


posted on january 20, 2015by vacdepotknowledge_base 




which central vacuum is the best?


this is it! you have found the article that holds the keys to discovering which central vacuum is best. we will not waste your time with a top 10 central vacuum systems which we want to sell, there are plenty of those on the internet and they do little good. this is a central vacuum buyers guide to-do list. we will review central vacuum system design and components from a professionals perspective to help you find the best, so get your pen handy or bookmark this page. this insightful and straightforward advice is available free for the reading and will be helpful on your best central vacuum search.
which central vacuum is best? it is the single most asked question at aspria systems, and for good reason. if you browse the web you will find dozens of products that claim to be the best and many nonsensical central vacuum ratings which claim to offer an easy answer. the true question is not which is best, but what makes a central vacuum “the best”? if you are installing your own new vacuum system or replacing an old unit you have a clear advantage over most central vacuum users: you have the power to choose your own equipment.
most systems are chosen and preinstalled by the builder whom may have selected the lowest cost expensive bid. in a search for the best you can often dismiss builders grade class of cvac equipment. there was also a time when your geography dictated your selection of central vacuum equipment. thanks to the internet you have a nearly unlimited selection. a larger selection probably does not seem helpful if you are trying to find just one good one. we will endeavor to trim the field and make your selection easier here.
 continue reading →


posted on january 20, 2015by vacdepotknowledge_base 




vacuum motors: thats hot!


it is the middle of summer and in south texas it is hot! the temperature outside does not impact the operation of a homes central vacuum system, but cooling is very important. cooling has a big impact on how well vacuum motors perform and how long they will last. two motor designs are used most often in central vacuum systems and the primary difference of them is how they are cooled. the traditional central vacuum motor design is called bypass, and employs two fan systems – one to work and one to cool. the working air bypasses the motor, hence the name, and the cooling fan uses other (cooler) air to keep the motor cool. the other motor system is called thru-flow, which uses one fan system to both work and cool the motor hopefully after the airflow has been filtered. thru-flow motors use the working air to flow over the motor, hence the name, and carry away the built up heat. there can be other differences between the two designs but cooling is most important.
bypass motors are always cooling themselves at the same level anytime they are running and are not affected by other parts in the vacuum system, maintenance requirements or the vacuum user. on the other hand a thru-flow motors cooling efficiency is affected by nearly every part of a complete vacuum cleaning system and also by how the vacuum system is used and maintained.  thru-flow cooling is affected by filter performance, debris particle size, length of pvc tubing, degree & number of elbows in the tube system and the composition, design and length of the vacuum hose, and perhaps most importantly the orifice of the cleaning tool being used. continue reading →


posted on july 27, 2014by vacdepotcvs technology 



post navigation
← older posts





search for:



categories 
cvs accessories

cvs technology

knowledge_base

vacdepot info

vacuum life


  recent posts 

utility of the central vacuum inlet


get control of yourself.


central vacuum system install faq


which central vacuum is the best?


vacuum motors: thats hot!


archives 
march 2016
may 2015
january 2015
july 2014
may 2014
march 2014
february 2014
january 2014
september 2013
april 2013
july 2012
june 2011
may 2011
march 2011
october 2010
august 2010
july 2010
may 2009

contact aspria systems email aspria
visit aspria systems
 


©2025
 • 
vacdepot inc.




