






2digi – digitalize your teaching


































skip to content



 



2digi
digitalize your teaching








    menu	
home
2digi resources  

what is digital literacy?
added value?
self-evaluation: teachers
self-evaluation: students
teaching resources
digital portfolio


digital ethics  

copyright and creative commons
copyright do’s and don’t’s
privacy and antibullying


about 2digi  

how to use this site
2digi project
2digi participants


2digi activity
2digi2
contact


  
			scroll down to content		












front page


2digi is a site for language teachers that explains, helps and guides you in the digitalization of your teaching, putting pedagogy ahead of technology
you can find answers to key questions such as what is digital literacy, and what added value does digitalization give my teaching?
you can assess your own and your students’ digital skills for the classroom and reflect on how to develop these skills using a clear pathway.
you can use our guidelines to create your own digital portfolio for your own teaching development and you can discover all you need to know about being safe and ethical online.
finally, we offer you a bank of digital teaching resources to help add value to your teaching.










what is digital literacy?
have you ever wondered what digital literacy is and how it affects your teaching?







what added value does digitalization give?
have you ever wondered what digitalization of teaching can give in practical terms? here we answer the questions relating to just why using digital tools and methods can give added value. we look at all the plusses, but also the costs that this can create.







a self-evaluation tool for teachers: how digital are you?
the 2digi project has created a tool for you to test your digital abilities as a language centre teacher. this short test leads you to a profile that informs you just what your skills’ level is.







a digital skills self-evaluation tool for students
this quick questionnaire allows students to evaluate their own digital skills in relation to learning.







resources
digital resources to use with students at three levels:

lesson level: activities used in individual lessons.
course level: a set of activities that can form part of a longer course and be developed over a period of time.
process level: developing digital skills over a longer period of time.
            







a framework for a digital portfolio
help for teachers and planners to create their own digital portfolio.







digital ethics: guidance for the online environment
help for teachers with copyright, privacy, cyberbullying and ethical interaction in digital environments.






 










facebook  
twitter  
instagram  
email  
 









































































































































































