





social science data analysis network



































 



	skip to content















 





home
about

menu toggle





what we do


who we are


partners and projects


datacounts
events

menu toggle





workshops


webinars


external webinars


resources

menu toggle





publications


external resources


modules


how to use ssdan


 





 












 







main menu

 









datacounts

menu toggle

submit a modulevariable glossarywebchipeventsexternal resourcesexternal webinarshomehow to use ssdanmodule of the month!modulespartners and projectspublications

menu toggle

american by the numbers: a field guide to the u.s. populationinvestigating change in american societythe allyn & bacon social atlas of the united stateswebinarswhat we dowho we areworkshops 









 


the social science data analysis network (ssdan) is a university-based organization that creates demographic media (such as user guides, web sites, and hands-on classroom computer materials) that make u.s. census data accessible to policymakers, educators, the media, and informed citizens. ssdan is directed by demographer william h. frey and utilizes facilities at the population studies center, university of michigan. how to use ssdan




upcoming events:








the 2025 ssdan webinar series is this february 5th, 12th, and 26th!
the 2025 ssdan webinar series will be february 5th, 12th, and 26th, 12-3 pm et. the webinar series will be conducted by professor kyle walker,  director of the center for urban studies at texas christian university and author of analyzing us census data: methods, maps and models in r. during these 3 free virtual workshops, participants […]





05 - 26 feb

12:00 pm - 3:00 pm 











facebooktwitterlinkedinemail 


view detail 





        no event found!    
















module of the month!
explore the dynamic world of demographic analysis with your class by adding one of ssdan’s featured learning modules to your course! this free resource guides students through the process of using american community survey (acs) and census data to uncover trends in population shifts and social change.   designed for first and second-year social sciences courses, these modules combine quantitative methods with real-world applications, empowering students to make data-driven decisions. engage your classroom with hands-on activities, interactive visualizations, and practical assignments that enhance critical thinking and analytical skills. dive into the data and discover the stories it tells!










 








 


 


social science data analysis network
426 thompson st.
suite 2050
ssdan-acs@umich.edu

 









 scroll to top



























