moon jelly - composer, singer, artist...~ a musical underwater alien ~ composer / singer / artistpatreonpatreonyoutubeyoutubetwittertwittersoundcloudsoundclouddiscorddiscordportfoliocommissionscontactmerch...commissionsmusicvocalsartarrow leftbackmusic production background music original songsstatus : closed (reworking) turnaround: n/aarrow leftbackbackground music$250 - $320 for ~60s +60% of base price per additional ~30sone loopable instrumental song. a limited number of revisions and rewrites are included.full song productionstarting from $500 per ~60si will compose, write, sing, mix, and produce a song for you. please contact me for a quote.interested?reach out to me through twitter dms, or email me with the button below!email (alt)contact mevocals lyrics melodiesstatus : openarrow leftbackfull feature: $150 - $250 / half feature: $100i will write and sing original lyrics and melody for your track. prices are negotiable. royalty splits are to be discussed further. half features are for hooks up to 8 bars.vocal only: $80 - $200 / hooks: $50i will sing for one full song with your provided lyrics and melody. prices are negotiable. royalty splits are to be discussed further. half features are for hooks up to 8 bars.interested?reach out to me through twitter dms, or email me with the button below!email (alt)contact memix timing tuninghow did you find this page?if you illegitimately found this then it's not open to you >:(arrow leftbacktime + tune + mix + master: currently not timing/tuningadd-ons: 1-3 day delivery: +$150 complex song / low quality recording: varies artificial/my harmonies: variesmix + master: $100 solo base price, $75 per extra vocalistadd-ons: 1-3 day delivery: +100% of rateartificial/my harmonies: variesinterested?reach out to me through twitter dms, or email me with the button below!email (alt)contact meartstatus : closedarrow leftbackclosed until further notice.welcome to my gallery! ( ë˜íˆ áµ• ë˜íˆâ™¡)selected works2023 music, lyrics - composed and wrote nijisanji's maria marionette's original song2022 music - composed the theme for nijisanji's maria marionette vocal, lyrics - featured in unravelling by aethoro vocal, lyrics - featured in eden by kotori2021 vocal - featured in online fantasy by kirara magic & ulchero2020 vocal, lyrics - featured in ukf drum and bass, escape by hyukari vocal, lyrics - featured in heartbeat by cloudier2019 vocal, lyrics - featured in trap nation, save me by b3lla & oddcube (uncredited) vocal, lyrics - featured in a centimetre apart by cloudier2018 vocal, lyrics - wrote original fanmade lyrics for deltarune's scarlet forestarrow leftbacksolo productionspersonal projects with all work by mebgmbackground music of various genresmoon jelly doodles â· bgmvocals and lyricsfeatures with my vocals, melodies, and lyricsmoon jelly â· my voice and lyricssolo productionspersonal projects with all work by me.bgmbackground music of various genres.moon jelly doodles â· bgmvocals and lyricsstuff with my vocals, melodies, and lyrics.moon jelly â· my voice and lyricscontacti prefer payment through wise or bank transfer. paypal payments are subject to 10% tax due to their bad conversion fees.please click here to read my terms of service before commissioning me. you can contact me through twitter dms, discord @ moonjelly0, or email me using the form on this page.arrow lefthomearrow leftcommissionsi have read and agree to the terms of service.submitnote!!!for those interested in my music commissions:please include a brief or detailed idea about what you envision!the template below can be filled out for faster communication!desired song length: desired emotion/vibe: image/song/atmosphere references:(optional) extra information (such as desired instruments/speed/etc):contacti prefer payment through wise or bank transfer. paypal payments are subject to 10% tax due to their bad conversion fees.please click here to read my terms of service before commissioning me. you can contact me through twitter dms, discord @ moonjelly0, or email me using the form on this page.arrow lefthomearrow leftcommissionsi have read and agree to the terms of service.submitarrow leftbackterms of service- i will take the commission only if i am confident that i can create what you envision. - for all music commissions, song length may slightly deviate from the commissioned length. please inform me if you have a hard limit on your song. - the turnaround time for the commission is stated on their respective pages. however, there may be delays due to unforseen circumstances, and in this case, refunds can be offered if the commission is far from being complete. - refunds are not possible unless i exceed the stated turnaround time. - for vocal commissions, a royalty split will be requested if the song is to be distributed to streaming services. - for vocal commissions, rewrites and revisions are allowed within reasonable amount. additional requests will incur extra charges. - music commissions do not come with full commercial rights; reselling the commission on bandcamp, distributing it to streaming services, or using it as the main content in a monetized video (e.g. 8 hour bgm loop) is strictly not allowed unless discussed beforehand. - for music commissions, two rewrites are allowed during the first draft if it does not meet your expectations. revisions within reasonable amount are allowed. additional requests will incur extra charges. - for music commissions, i reserve the right to present the music as part of my portfolio and upload the music to youtube, soundcloud and twitter before or after the commission is complete, unless stated by the commissioner otherwise.arrow leftbackgiftsthank you for wanting to send me a gift! your support is greatly appreciated.rules & restrictions: - for all mail, please abide by the malaysian import laws. - please do not send handmade/non-storebought perishables, such as handmade cookies, homecooked food, etc. - please do not send anything that may violate public order and moral. - please do not send anything too large or too heavy.please contact me if you are unsure whether your gift will be accepted!heartokay!little eep sealife could be a dreamhi, we're just a couple of fucking autists i guess.moon jelly (the_gel) alex (arepi) sheepiroo blankthank you!i have received your message and will get back to you through email soon!backflag{mmmmmm-enchiladas}thank you!back