




research-tv: promoting research excellence





































skip to main content navigation








       
      















    text only
|



    accessibility
|



    sign in


















[m]




home
|
films
|
our clients
|
broadcasters
|
news & events
|
contact us
|
faq






[n]

local navigation
filmsour clientsbroadcastersnews & eventscontact usfaq







        
          
              
                not signed in

                    sign in
                  

          powered by sitebuilder

© mmviii  | 
          privacy














            








  
  
    research-tv
  


[c]









research-tv produces cutting-edge research news stories on behalf of universities and research organisations. all stories are distributed to broadcasters around the world to use freely in their programmes and are available to watch in full on this website. research-tv helps to connect research, discovery and innovation with broadcasters and the wider general public. (more)








on research-tv.com
about us
information for universities
information for broadcasters 
links 
watch our films online:
health
science & nature
technology
society
business
creative & cultural 
film list by organisation 
film list (all stories) 

vodcast on   
tell us ...
what do you think of research-tv? we welcome your feedback. 
 


featured story 
the complete works of shakespeare 



jonathan bate, professor of shakespeare and renaissance literature at the university of warwick, has taken on the huge task of producing a new edition of the complete works of william shakespeare.  it is the first complete works based on shakespeares first folio, to be produced since 1709 and certainly the first of it's kind this century.


attention research-tv visitors!  
please note that as of august 1 2007 only a select few of the research-tv films will be available to view on line. for more information please click here.    




forthcoming stories: tuesday 28th august - 12:15 gmt
imprisoned by parkinson's disease
          parkinson’s disease affects one in 500 of the general population – but it’s one in a hundred over the age of 60 and the ratio could go as high as one in twenty among those over 80. though it is increasingly recognised that it can affect younger people, it is primarily a disease of the old – and with increasingly aging populations in many countries, parkinson’s is set to become a major health issue with experts predicting anything up to a trebling of those affected! 
find out more and watch the video.
is online gambling betting on trouble?
over the last few years uk gambling turnover has soared from £2 billion to £50 billion between 2001 and 2005, and online gambling is responsible for much of that growth. university of birmingham academic, professor           
jim orford, is an expert on addiction, who has been consulting on a national review of online gambling, which has studied 10,000 people to assess attitudes to gambling. he finds the online gambling trend particularly worrying. 
find out more and watch the video. 




 

















	page contact: kelly newton

 last revised: tue 28 aug 2007

 back to top of page











