







tumacacori mesquite sawmill























































                        intro
                      



                        mesquite photo journal
                      



                        press
                      



                        quote
                      



                        new page
                      



                  home
                



                responsible harvesting
              



                our story
              



                faq
              



                do it yourself
              



                readme
              



                journal
              













                        intro
                      



                        mesquite photo journal
                      



                        press
                      



                        quote
                      



                        new page
                      



                  home
                



                responsible harvesting
              



                our story
              



                faq
              



                do it yourself
              



                readme
              



                journal
              

























tumacacori mesquite sawmillarizona’s oldest mesquite source ~ since 1982

     











 




































































































































































































































































































































































































 


































































































 

not just a sawmill, but a destination.

 

tumacacori mesquite sawmill has become a destination in southern arizona. visitors enjoy seeing and learning about the process of transforming a mesquite log into stunning pieces of art.  as you walk around the sawmill and lumberyard, you can expect to see mesquite in its many raw forms used to create beautiful desert heirlooms for that special place in your home or business.

 



















responsible harvesting

every tree harvested is a tree destined to come down for one reason or another - no clear cutting, ever. 











always milling and always creating

a variety of raw mesquite materials for your project or custom interiors made on site











velvet mesquite

we specialize in one of over 40 species of mesquite worldwide.











magnificence of mesquite

within each mesquite tree lies a treasure of mequite magnificence featuring the scars of a harsh desert life leading to the highly desired grain found in mesquite.  mesquite made for you.











mesquite dreams

organic lines following the natural shape of a mesquite tree with book-matched features.  











quality and hand craftsmenship

watch our craftsmen creating works of art during your visit.











rustic and elegant

clean lines featuring book-matching. natural, organic, and oh so mesquite!





























 


“[tumacacori mesquite] ... has a stock of mesquite lumber that is quite impressive”

— woodworkers journal




“[tumacacori mesquite’s] cadre of skilled craftsmen provide quality native mesquite wood to regional artisans, wood workers, cabinetmakers and homebuilders”

— tucson lifestyle, home & garden




“tumacacori mesquite sawmill’s ... biggest treasure is an amazing collection of burls.”

— the arizona republic




“neat rows of large lumber racks hold various parts of the mesquite trees like a butcher displays prime cuts of meat. slabs on one level, burls on another, stumps to the right, large branches stand at attention in their own tall racks”

— green valley news




“not only does the partnership effort between the blm and tumacacori mesquite company contribute to the local distribution of mesquite lumber, but the slash, stumps, and logs in the las cienegas national conservation area assist in providing ideal recreation opportunities on public lands”

— bureau of land management, tucson field office




“driving back to tubac, i stop at tumacacori mesquite sawmill, one of those unexpected gems.  thanks to an arrangement with the bureau of land management, the family-run, eco-friendly workshop collects velvet mesquite trees to restore natural grasslands. ”

— roger naylor, western arts & architechture; arizona travel writer




“at tumacacori mesquite sawmill, visitors can take a tour to learn about how mesquite is harvested and turned into lumber for use in fine art. guests can also select wood for artists at the sawmill to transform into a unique piece just for them. ”

— tubac official visitor's guide



















mesquite: a desert treasure for anyone




    get a quote
  















watch for us in arizona highwaysmarch 2023 issue!














arizona’s oldest mesquite source






back to top




contact us




tumacacori mesquite sawmill, 2007 interstate 19 frontage road, tumacacori-carmen, az, 85640520-398-9356info@mesquitedesign.com


powered by squarespace





cart (0)







