












school of nursing | school of nursing














      skip to main content
    





 quicklinks







current faculty & staff


current faculty
faculty & staff handbook
starfish
syllabus tool
son sharepoint
tams (teaching assignments)




current students


academic calendar
bursar
canvas
catalog
livemail
my student center
schedules and syllabi
student handbooks
student success center
typhon
take a virtual tour for current students




additional resources


our library liaison
maps and directions
myuthealth
tribute magazine
wellness 360








menu













give






search/quicklinks









home


about


programs


clinical experiences


admissions


outreach


patient care


research


student success


alumni
















school of nursing
the school of nursing at ut health san antonio is at the forefront of academic nursing, leading excellence through our innovative teaching, quality research, compassionate care and community service in south texas and beyond.

admissions
contact us











home


about


programs


clinical experiences


admissions


outreach


patient care


research


student success


alumni
















excellence in education, care and research
our programs prepare tomorrow’s nurse leaders. from pre-licensure degree options to graduate and post-degree certificates, our programs will help you pursue a wide range of career pathways in nursing from clinical care to research.










 



undergraduate programs




nursing continues to outpace the average job growth for all occupations. with a bsn, registered nurses begin to access a wealth of opportunities to work in various settings and enter specialty care.
view undergrad programs







 



graduate programs




our graduate programs offer a range of leadership tracks and areas of emphasis to prepare nurses for growing demands in health care systems and clinical nursing practice, and the option to pursue a research-based ph.d. in nursing. in addition, we offer a newly-launched master of science in nursing education. 
view graduate programs












 




 









  doctor of nursing practice (post-msn dnp)

the doctor of nursing practice (post-msn dnp) is a doctoral degree that prepares students for the highest level of nursing practice. this program is designed for students who hold a master's degree in nursing, and who have nursing specialty preparation at the graduate level. applicants to the dnp program will choose from three different tracks: the advanced practice leadership track, the public health track, or the executive administrative management track.







learn more about our dnp program







  bachelor of science in nursing

nursing continues to outpace the average job growth for all occupations. with a bsn, registered nurses begin to access a wealth of opportunities to work in various settings and enter specialty care. we offer both a traditional track and an accelerated track.
 learn more about our bsn program











quick facts
our school of nursing integrates interdisciplinary learning, clinical and research experiences through our extensive network of community and global partnerships. learn more about us.learn more about the fellows of the american academy of nursing and the american association of nurse practitioners fellows.   





           
          7,300 sq. ft.
society for simulation in healthcare accredited center for simulation innovation for training students and healthcare professionals



           
          12
fellows of the american academy of nursing



           
          330+
clinical affiliation agreements provide real-world experience for students



           
          10
global partnerships with universities around the world












  tribute magazine

tribute is the official magazine for the alumni and friends of the school of nursing at the university of texas health science center at san antonio. read and share inspiring stories highlighting our alumni, faculty and students who are revolutionizing education, research, patient care and critical services in the communities they serve.







read our latest issue of tribute magazine









 














  news






yahoo! finance: nursing education market in us to grow by usd 161.9 billion from 2025-2029, driven by demand for competency-based learning, report on ai redefining market landscape – technavio
ut health san antonio school of nursing’s wellness 360 marks five years as foster care center of excellence
the new york times: how healthy is citrus fruit?









view all news





upcoming events


 




 























ut health san antonio
school of nursing







877-235-0341







                                                                                    7703 floyd curl drive
                                                                                                                  san antonio, 
                                                                                      tx
                                                                                      78229
                                                                                                            map and directions







careers
contact us
give a donation
maps & directions
offices
compliance hotline
notice of privacy practices
non-discrimination notice
policies









we make lives better ®
the university of texas health science center at san antonio, also called ut health san antonio, is a leading academic health center with a mission to make lives better through excellence in advanced academics, life-saving research and comprehensive clinical care including health, dental and cancer services.









web privacy | links from websites affiliated with ut health's website (uthscsa.edu) to other websites do not constitute or imply university endorsement of those sites, their content, or products and services associated with those sites. the content on this website is intended to be used for informational purposes only. health information on this site is not meant to be used to diagnose or treat conditions. consult a health care provider if you are in need of treatment.














