








dental implants & periodontal services beverly hills | dr. miles









































(310) 553-2940south beverly drive, suite 160tuesday - thursday 8am-5:00pm and friday 8am-3:00pmhomeaboutservicesdental implantscomprehensive guide to dental implantsgum graftbone graft dentalcrown lengtheningroot planinggum surgerylaser gum treatmentteeth extractionperiodontal regenerationother proceduresfrenectomysedation dentistryoral pathology / biopsyperiodontal bacteria testinglocal delivery of antibioticstestimonialspatient educationnew patientsfor doctorscontactbook appoinment




 



change your life
with a smileexperience over 26 years of smile excellence in beverly hillsbook appoinmentor call (310) 553-2940"dr. madison is the best, and the best is all there is."-brenda vaccaro, golden globe and emmy award winning actress"dr. madison is the best, and the best is all there is."-brenda vaccaro, golden globe and emmy award winning actresswelcome to our practice dental implants periodontist in beverly hills: dr. miles madison– with so much hype and marketing around us, i want to make my website as informative and honest as possible. i view myself as your dental health advocate. together, we can navigate through various treatment options to tailor one that is effective, sensible and affordable. having been in practice as a periodontist for more than 25 years, i have the experience and the knowledge to provide the appropriate recommendation and therapy for your unique situation. i pride myself in being versed in various advanced approaches, so that i can provide effective therapies for your specific needs. even though we make use of the most advanced technologies and treatment options, my practice is about compassion and care. my focus in entirely on you and providing the best care possible.   my entire staff is dedicated to this mission and we take pride in having served thousands of happy patients. give us a call : (310) 553-2940sincerely,
dr. miles madisonperiodontal servicesdental implants
dental implants are artificial tooth replacements used to counter tooth loss. although you have a number of restorative options for the treatment of missing teeth, none have proven to be as effective as dental implants.learn morebone graft dentalover a period of time, the jawbone associated with missing teeth atrophies and is reabsorbed. with bone grafting, we now have the opportunity to not only replace bone where it is missing, but also the ability to promote new bone growth.learn moregum graftinggum grafts can help reverse gum recession, which is the pulling away of gum tissue surrounding the tooth. gum grafting restores the health of the gum tissue and prevents further recession and damage to the tooth.learn morecrown lengtheningcrown lengthening repositions the gum line, improving your smile and the contours of your face. one of the major advantages of crown lengthening is that it can often be completed in one visit with a simple anesthetic.learn morelaser treatmentwe offer state of the art laser dentistry and technology. it means less time in the chair, little to no down time, and quicker healing.learn moreteeth extraction
if you have a broken or rotten tooth that we cannot repair, it may be better to have it removed. our dentist usually recommends removing a tooth a final resort. of course, we’ll first attempt to repair it with a filling or crown.
learn moredr. miles madisonddsdr. miles madison dds entered the university of southern california at the young age of sixteen, where he graduated magna cum laude with a bachelors degree in biological sciences in 1985. he then attended ucla school of dentistry where he again graduated with top honors and was the recipient of numerous academic awards.
dr. madison went on to specialize in periodontology at ucsf (university of california at san francisco) where he became one of the youngest graduating periodontists in the united states. dr. madison possesses a warm and friendly “chair-side” manner, and it is his innate warmth, patience and sincerity that make the difference in his care.learn morebenefits of dental implants in beverly hillsam i a good candidate for dental implants? we won’t know for sure without a proper evaluation and consultation. however, the following generally represents those who may be good candidates for the procedure:
in good health and cleared for undergoing basic dental procedureshave lost or missing teeth due to injury, accidents, sports, or other health conditionshave damaged or broken teeth beyond repairare not heavy smokersare not diabetic (or have properly managed diabetes)do not have certain types of heart conditionsdo not have certain types of chronic disease or conditionsare not under the age of 16do not have issues controlling alcohol use
keep in mind that every individual is unique. if you have questions or concerns, please reach out to schedule an appointment. we would love to learn more about your situation and how we can help.  what is the procedure/process like?the process of getting a dental implant often involves multiple visits to our office, beginning with an initial consultation.  

consultation: during this appointment we learn more about you, including any relevant medical history, symptoms, desired result, and more. we generally perform a routine dental evaluation and perform diagnostic imaging such as x-rays in order to properly evaluate your teeth, gums and jawbone for a potential implant. during this appointment we’ll answer any questions you have and explore all of your options. should both you and your dentist determine that an implant is the best fit.  
extraction and bone graft (if needed): your next appointment often involves the extraction of an existing tooth. if no tooth is present then this step is skipped. if you need a bone graft in order to provide additional substrate and a solid foundation for your new implant the graft will be performed at this time. a bone graft typically involves the addition of cadaver or synthetic bone matrix packed under your gums and on top of your jawbone. this encourages increased bone density in the area where the implant’s post will be later screwed in.
implant of post: after your bone graft has taken hold and you’ve fully healed the next step is the implant itself. in cases where no bone graft is necessary the implant can often be placed the same day as the extraction. this step involves the screwing of a titanium or zirconium post into your jawbone. this is then stitched up and allowed to heal.  
addition of abutment: the abutment is a cap placed over the post upon which your final artificial tooth, called a crown, will eventually be placed. the abutment is screwed onto the post.
impression: once everything is in place, you’re ready to have an impression taken of your bite. this will allow us to have a crown custom made to perfectly fit your mouth.  
crown: when the crown has been fabricated it will be ready for placement on the abutment where it will be screwed into place.
and that’s it, you’ll be all set!will it be painful?the procedure itself is painless. we utilize local anesthetic to completely numb the area, and other sedatives as needed/discussed with the patient in order to provide maximum comfort and relaxation.
afterwards many patients notice mild discomfort or pain that is generally well-tolerated and managed with an otc pain reliever. however, for those more sensitive we can prescribe a stronger prescription pain killer.
is the procedure covered by insurance?some insurance providers/plans cover part of the procedure, while others do not. in any case, most insurance providers only offer up to $1500 of benefits per year. this means if you need more than one implant or a full/partial restoration, you will likely be paying out of pocket. however, this investment into your health and well-being is often more cost-effective than other temporary solutions in the long run. for those interested there may be financing and installment plan options available to assist with payment for services rendered.take the next step and get the smile you deservedon’t let a painful or missing tooth continue to have a negative impact on your life. our caring and highly talented dental team has helped countless individuals restore their smile, improve their self-confidence, and have them enjoying all their favorite foods in no time. call or message us today to set up a no obligation consultation and learn more about why so many beverly hills area families and individuals trust us for their dental care. we’re ready and eager to learn more about how we can help.dental reviews & testimonials
over 35+ ★★★★★ star  reviews 





                                            very rarely have i experience such care and compassion from a doctor/periodontist. i appreciate that doctor madison took his time with me, given that i was a nervous patient. he made sure that i was completely comfortable before he started my procedure. because of doctor madison i have confidence in continuing and maintaining my dental work, something that i have been putting off for years. i am so happy with the major improvement on my teeth and i am so grateful to doctor madison.  i highly recommend him.                                        








                                                mahtab hakim                                            






                                            a year ago
i am writing this review for dr. madison as i feel obliged to, given the outstanding care he has provided my family.  my son, daughter and my father have all seen dr. madison over the past year and the more times our family has seen dr. madison, the more impressed i am with him.  we are very grateful for the exceptional care, the great bedside manner and the attention to detail that dr. madison provides.  for my father, he was able to catch a serious infection in his tooth that his long-time dentist missed.                                        








                                                romy nourafchan                                            






                                            dr. madison is the best in the business.  his staff is excellent and responsive, and dr. madison is extremely knowledgeable, reasonable, gentle, and thorough.  the last two dentists i've seen have said that dr. madison is their no. 1 choice for a periodontist in los angeles.









                                                vassi iliadis                                            






                                            dr. madison is the best dentist i have ever had.  i have had to have an implant.  he and his staff made me feel comfortable and relayed my fears.   the office manager and the rest of the staff treat me politely and explain the whole procedure.  i could not recommend them more to anyone who wants excellence in their dental care.  keep up the great work!









                                                charles feldman                                            






 


 



4.27 





extraction socket grafts and suturing recommendation2.52 





gum grafts by dr. miles madisonvisit us350 s beverly dr, ste 160 beverly hills, ca 90212monday: closed
tuesday:  8:00 am - 5:00 pm
wednesday: 8:00 am - 5:00 pm
thursday: 8:00 am - 5:00 pm
friday: 8:00 am - 3:00 pm
saturday: closed
sunday: closedbook your visit onlineview available appointments and enjoy dentistry done right.book appoinment





socialservicesbone graft dentaldental implantsteeth extractionscaling and root planingsedation dentistryoffice hoursmonday: closed
tuesday:  8:00 am - 5:00 pm
wednesday: 8:00 am - 5:00 pm
thursday: 8:00 am - 5:00 pm
friday: 8:00 am - 3:00 pm
saturday: closed
sunday: closedcontact us350 s beverly dr, ste 160 beverly hills, ca 90212frontdesk@beverlyhillsperio.com(310) 553-2940© 2025 beverly hills periodontal institute | all rights reserved.  privacy policy

homeaboutservicesdental implantscomprehensive guide to dental implantsgum graftbone graft dentalcrown lengtheningroot planinggum surgerylaser gum treatmentteeth extractionperiodontal regenerationother proceduresfrenectomysedation dentistryoral pathology / biopsyperiodontal bacteria testinglocal delivery of antibioticstestimonialspatient educationnew patientsfor doctorscontact
 
 

please ensure javascript is enabled for purposes of website accessibility













