






lisa kleypas, new york times bestseller





























 











 






facebook




instagram


printable book list
 












home
about
historicals
contemporary
q & a
 





select page


  
 



 



 









ny times & usa today besteller!chasing cassandra 
an amazon best book of the month
everything has a price . . .
railway magnate tom severin is wealthy and powerful enough to satisfy any desire as soon as it arises. anything—or anyone—is his for the asking. it should be simple to find the perfect wife—and from his first glimpse of lady cassandra ravenel, he’s determined to have her. but the beautiful and quick-witted cassandra is equally determined to marry for love—the one thing he can’t give.
everything except her . . .
severin is the most compelling and attractive man cassandra has ever met, even if his heart is frozen. but she has no interest . . .
more



new york times bestsellerdevil in disguise

devil in disguise reviews
kirkus (starred review)undemandingly pleasurable and guaranteed to go on the reread shelf. the novel abounds in the vintage pleasures of her writing: finely drawn characters; a tactile, sensuous style in both the sex scenes and the landscape descriptions; banter that illustrates the emotional compatibility of romantic partners; dual points of view that show both the hero’s and the heroine’s interior lives; moving moments of familial ties; and glimpses of couples from other novels to assure us that love lasts forever.
publishers weeklykleypas continues her winning streak with a thoroughly engrossing crossover between her regency wallflowers series and victorian ravenels novels. 
chasing cassandra reviewpublishers weekly (starred review)“opposites attract in spectacular fashion in the sixth victorian-era romance in bestseller kleypas’s ravenel series (after devil’s daughter), which pairs a true romantic with a cynical intellectual. lady cassandra ravenel has turned down many proposals, holding out for real feeling. that doesn’t stop railway magnate tom severin from asking for her hand within moments of meeting her. .  more



devil’s daughternew york times bestseller!

although beautiful young widow phoebe, lady clare, has never met west ravenel, she knows one thing for certain: he’s a mean, rotten bully. in boarding school, he made her late husband’s life a misery, and she’ll never forgive him. but at a family wedding, phoebe encounters a dashing and impossibly charming stranger who sends a jolt of attraction through her. and then he introduces himself…as none other than west ravenel.read a sneak peek now!





historicals

               
the ravenels

devil in disguise
available july 27, 2021
book 7 in the ravenels series“the devil never tries to make people do the wrong thing by scaring them. he does it by tempting them.”
lady merritt sterling, a strong-willed young widow who’s running her late husband’s shipping company, knows london society is dying to catch her in a scandal. so far, she’s been too smart to provide them with one. but then she meets keir macrae, a rough-and-rugged scottish whisky distiller, and all her sensible plans vanish like smoke. they couldn’t be more different, but their attraction is powerful, raw and irresistible.
from the moment keir macrae arrives in london, he has two goals. one: don’t fall in love with the dazzling lady merritt sterling. two: avoid being killed.
so far, neither of those is going well.
keir doesn’t know why someone wants him dead until fate reveals the secret of his mysterious past. his world is thrown into upheaval, and the only one he trusts is merritt
their passion blazes with an intensity merritt has never known before, making her long for the one thing she can’t have from keir macrae: forever. as danger draws closer, she’ll do whatever it takes to save the man she loves . . . even knowing he might be the devil in disguise.
want a sneak peek?
pre-order:
amazon  b&n   bam!  indigo.caavon:  7/27/2021isbn: 978-0062371966

chasing cassandra
new york times & usa today bestseller
book 6 in the ravenels series
everything has a price . . .
railway magnate tom severin is wealthy and powerful enough to satisfy any desire as soon as it arises. anything—or anyone—is his for the asking. it should be simple to find the perfect wife—and from his first glimpse of lady cassandra ravenel, he’s determined to have her. but the beautiful and quick-witted cassandra is equally determined to marry for love—the one thing he can’t give.
everything except her . . .
severin is the most compelling and attractive man cassandra has ever met, even if his heart is frozen. but she has no interest in living in the fast-paced world of a ruthless man who always plays to win.
when a newfound enemy nearly destroys cassandra’s reputation, severin seizes the opportunity he’s been waiting for. as always, he gets what he wants—or does he? there’s one lesson tom severin has yet to learn from his new bride:
never underestimate a ravenel.
the chase for cassandra’s hand may be over. but the chase for her heart has only just begun . . .
sneak peek & more of chasing cassandra
amazon  b&n  kobo  ibooks  bam!  indigo.caavon:  2/18/2020isbn: 978-0062371942

devil's daughter

although beautiful young widow phoebe, lady clare, has never met west ravenel, she knows one thing for certain: he’s a mean, rotten bully. back in boarding school, he made her late husband’s life a misery, and she’ll never forgive him for it. but when phoebe attends a family wedding, she encounters a dashing and impossibly charming stranger who sends a fire-and-ice jolt of attraction through her. and then he introduces himself...as none other than west ravenel.
west is a man with a tarnished past. no apologies, no excuses. however, from the moment he meets phoebe, west is consumed by irresistible desire...not to mention the bitter awareness that a woman like her is far out of his reach. what west doesn’t bargain on is that phoebe is no straitlaced aristocratic lady. she’s the daughter of a strong-willed wallflower who long ago eloped with sebastian, lord st. vincent—the most devilishly wicked rake in england.
before long, phoebe sets out to seduce the man who has awakened her fiery nature and shown her unimaginable pleasure. will their overwhelming passion be enough to overcome the obstacles of the past?
only the devil’s daughter knows…
amazon   b&n   kobo   ibooks   audiobooks.com   bam!   indigo.ca   indiebound.org(read the first chapter!)
avon:  2/19/2019isbn: 9780062371898

hello stranger
a woman who defies her time
dr. garrett gibson, the only female physician in england, is as daring and independent as any man; why not take her pleasures like one? yet she has never been tempted to embark on an affair, until now. ethan ransom, a former detective for scotland yard, is as gallant as he is secretive, a rumored assassin whose true loyalties are a mystery. for one exhilarating night, they give in to their potent attraction before becoming strangers again.
a man who breaks every rule
as a ravenel by-blow spurned by his father, ethan has little interest in polite society, yet he is captivated by the bold and beautiful garrett. despite their vow to resist each other after that sublime night, she is soon drawn into his most dangerous assignment yet. when the mission goes wrong, it will take all of garrett’s skill and courage to save him. as they face the menace of a treacherous government plot, ethan is willing to take any risk for the love of the most extraordinary woman he’s ever known.
amazon  b&n  kobo  ibooks  audiobooks.com  bam!  indigo.ca  indiebound.orgavon:  2/27/2018isbn: 9780062371898

devil in spring

new york times bestseller
an eccentric wallflower
most debutantes dream of finding a husband. lady pandora ravenel has different plans. the ambitious young beauty would much rather stay at home and plot out her new board game business than take part in the london season. but one night at a glittering society ball, she’s ensnared in a scandal with a wickedly handsome stranger.
a cynical rake
after years of evading marital traps with ease, gabriel, lord st. vincent, has finally been caught by a rebellious girl who couldn’t be less suitable. in fact, she wants nothing to do with him. but gabriel finds the high-spirited pandora irresistible. he’ll do whatever it takes to possess her, even if their marriage of convenience turns out to be the devil’s own bargain.
a perilous plot
after succumbing to gabriel’s skilled and sensuous persuasion, pandora agrees to become his bride. but soon she discovers that her entrepreneurial endeavors have accidentally involved her in a dangerous conspiracy–and only her husband can keep her safe. as gabriel protects her from their unknown adversaries, they realize their devil’s bargain may just turn out to be a match made in heaven . .
read more!
amazon   b&n  kobo  ibooks   audiobooks.com  audible.com  bam!  indiebound.orgavon:   2/2017isbn: 978-0062371874

marrying winterborne
a ruthless tycoon
savage ambition has brought common-born rhys winterborne vast wealth and success. in business and beyond, rhys gets exactly what he wants. and from the moment he meets the shy, aristocratic lady helen ravenel, he is determined to possess her. if he must take her virtue to ensure she marries him, so much the better . . .
a sheltered beauty
helen has had little contact with the glittering, cynical world of london society. yet rhys's determined seduction awakens an intense mutual passion. helen's gentle upbringing belies a stubborn conviction that only she can tame her unruly husband. as rhys's enemies conspire against them, helen must trust him with her darkest secret. the risks are unthinkable . . . the reward, a lifetime of incomparable bliss. and it all begins with--
marrying mr. winterborneread more
amazon   b&n  kobo  ibooks  audiobooks.com  bam!  indigo.ca   indiebound.orgavon: 5/31/2016isbn-13: 9780062371850

cold-hearted rake
a twist of fate
devon ravenel, london's most wickedly charming rake, has just inherited an earldom. but his powerful new rank in society comes with unwanted responsibilities...and more than a few surprises. his estate is saddled with debt, and the late earl's three innocent sisters are still occupying the house - along with kathleen, lady trenear, a beautiful young widow whose sharp wit and determination are a match for devon's own.
a clash of wills
kathleen knows better than to trust a ruthless scoundrel like devon. but the fiery attraction between them is impossible to deny - and from the first moment devon holds her in his arms, he vows to do whatever it takes to possess her. as kathleen finds herself yielding to his skillfully erotic seduction, only one question remains: can she keep from surrendering her heart to the most dangerous man she's ever known?
read a sneak peek
amazon  b&n   ibooks  audiobooks.com  bam!   kobo   indigo.ca   indiebound.orgavon:  10/27/2015isbn-13: 9780062371812





more historicals



 








home
privacy policy
readers ask
 






facebook




instagram


as an amazon associate we earn from qualifying purchases.   other book seller links are also usually affiliate links.
designed by cindy blewett.          




this website uses cookies to improve your experience. we'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. cookie settings acceptprivacy & cookies policy




close






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are as essential for the working of basic functions of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.

 











save & accept




















