







the uk’s biggest and longest running aesthetic community and information hub


























facebook



google



email & password






sign in

not a member? register.











              clinic search
              ▼




clinic home


search by treatment


search by product


search by condition


search by clinic name


search by town






              treatments
              ▼




treatment home



cosmetic surgery


non surgical


cosmetic dentistry


laser vision correction


hair loss


male and female genital treatments


unsure of treatment?






              products
              ▼




products home







              conditions
              ▼




conditions home







              safety in aesthetics
              ▼




register interest


raise a concern


find out more


what is the jccp


our advisers


company supporters


are they insured?


which treatments are covered


check if your practitioner is qualified


why you should only use a trained practitioner


breakdown of qualifications







              blog
              ▼




blog home



safety


skin


face


lifestyle


body


celebs


education


authors






              industry
              ▼




industry home


membership features


partners


magazine


suppliers


blog


clinics


login


register











              industry
              ▼




industry home


membership features


partners


magazine


suppliers


blog


clinics


login


register






ask a question


≡







home





est. 2003, we are the uk’s biggest and longest running aesthetic community and information hub



learn. trust. connect. results. 
rest assured, consulting room exclusively features reputable aesthetic clinics in the uk and ireland that are trusted, verified, and accredited.






let's start your aesthetic journey
are you looking for a clinic that offers a particular treatment? great, simply write the treatment or product you are seeking, or your area of concern, in the box below...  






unsure of which treatment is right for you?





comin’ in hot...
the freshest insights from your favourite, trusted aesthetic gurus...


 

introducing safety in aesthetics!
our mission is to provide you with all the information you need to make safe and informed decisions when choosing an aesthetic practitioner.


 

the importance of safety in aesthetics: what you need to know
our mission is to provide you with all the information you need to make safe and informed decisions when choosing an aesthetic practitioner. 


 

managing menopausal acne: causes, treatments, and solutions
menopausal acne is an unwelcome surprise for many women who thought they had left their acne-prone years behind, so what can you do about it?







you can trust us
all info on our website is factual and is verified by experts who provide advice and guidance regarding medical aesthetic treatment and cosmetic surgery







khaled elshorbagy
throughout my career, i was involved in launching and promoting different products, concepts, market development, expansion and access programs.









kim pearson
kim pearson graduated from london's institute for optimum nutrition in 2008 and has worked in the field of nutrition and health for over ten years.









lindsay tallant
lindsay has worked with dermaquest products now for 11 years and loves the results that are achieved with the products and treatments.









zoe myers
zoe myers is an aesthetician with a passion for skin having worked as a practitioner, trainer and business development manager at hydrafacial uk and now owner and director of authentic aesthetics in kenilworth, warwickshire.







our latest clinics









remedi london
"at remedi, we aim to take care of all the wellness aspects of your life,
including the physical, emotional, social, spiritual and intellectual.."  — dr. nima[read more]


1 ace way, embassy gardens, london, sw11 7bf











the new you clinic
the new you clinic is one of ireland’s leading and most trusted nurse led medical centres of excellence. established in 2011.[read more]


millennium house, stephen street, rathquarter, silgo, f91 e7kh











thrive medical
located in harrogate thrive medical is focussed on bringing internal balance back to the body as well as helping you to look fabulous on the outside too.[read more]


137 wetherby road, harrogate, hg2 7a

















  


keep in touch
instagram twitter facebook
industry
twitter facebook instagram 



company details
contact us about us press coverage our advisers our philosophy media enquiries suppliers



our sites
cosmetic recruitment cosmetic classifieds cosmetic training smart ideas seminar 




©copyright consultingroom.com™ ltd



terms and conditions
privacy policy
cookie policy



all information contained within this site is carefully researched and maintained for accuracy of content. please note that for prospective purchasers of aesthetic treatments, information and guidance provided does not substitute an in-depth consultation with an experienced practitioner.
protected by copyscape




 