













home | miami


















































skip to main content








the ohio state university




help
buckeyelink
map
find people
webmail
search ohio state



 













cfaes
give today



osu extension 

miami
https://miami.osu.edu




college of food, agricultural, and environmental sciences




miami county






menu





 

miami countyprogram areas4-h carteens4-h youth developmenthow to join 4-henrollment tips and toolsvolunteersohio 4-h family guideprojects and project pride dayquality assuranceskillathonsmiami county 4-h newsimportant forms and helpful documentsscholarship informationmiami county 4-h campsagriculture and natural resourcesa profile of miami county agricultureacres in miami blogag eventsagronomybeekeepingfarm managementfruit productiongardeninglivestockmiddle great miami watershed alliancenewslettersoil testingsummer internshipswestern ohio precision ag field daywomen in agriculturecommunity developmentlocal food systems idea starterfamily and consumer sciencescommunity food resourcesfood safety trainingmaster gardener volunteersbecome a master gardener volunteercoffee with the master gardeners seriesin the garden seminarplant and pest diagnostic clinicteaching gardens @ miami county fairgroundswinter pruning schoolmiami county in bloom gardentourmiami county fairsnap-edeventscalendarpast eventsnewsaboutcounty staffphoto galleryabout miami countyosu extension 

 





 




ohio state university extension


miami county






miami county office 


 510 w. water st.
suite 250, 2nd floor
troy, oh 45373-2982 
 phone: 937-440-3945937-440-3945 
 


directions to miami county extension office


  

 



hours of operation




 monday thru friday, 8:00 am to 4:30 pm.  the office is closed 12:30 to 1 pm for lunch.  
   

 

 




home
you are hereosu extension » miami county » home









county news



  
office working remotely 2/17/2025attention: monday our staff will be working remotely and our office will be closed.
**if you signed up for quality assurance it is at the duke lundgard building at the miami county fairgrounds**
contact information for:  

4-h enrollment-open!here's your chance to be apart of the largest youth development organization in the united states! enrollment for miami county 4-h is currently happening now until march 28.  enroll today at www.4honline.com  

master gardener scholarship applications being acceptedthe miami county master volunteers are offering a scholarship to a student pursuing higher education in a horticulture, environmental science, natural resources, conservation, agriculture field or have plans to be an educator in one of these fields.  
 


    more county news  

 



cfaes news




 how to safely store eggs and find alternatives amid rising prices  

 enrollment open for new improving weather and climate understanding in ohio online course  

 high school students invited to address global food security at the 2025 ohio youth institute  

 ohio 4-h spark expo returns to inspire the next generation of professionals   

 ohio state scientist unlocks natural, vibrant food color alternatives to red no. 3  

 strickler receives ohio state distinguished service award at 2024 autumn commencement   

 program to discuss leveraging the bioenergy potential of manure  

 growing the perfect christmas tree: ohio state researchers to launch new demonstration farm at cfaes wooster  


more cfaes news 
 

 





event calendar



there are currently no upcoming events.



    more events  

 

 










locate an office
we connect with people in all stages of life, from young children to older adults.  we work with families and children, farmers and businessowners, community leaders and elected officials to build better lives, better businesses and better communities to make ohio great.





locate an office in my county
locate a statewide office
extension personnel directory


 
 





©  2025 the ohio state university, college of food, agricultural, and environmental sciences





miami county office 


 510 w. water st.
suite 250, 2nd floor
troy, oh 45373-2982 
 phone: 937-440-3945937-440-3945 
 


directions to miami county extension office


  

 



hours of operation




 monday thru friday, 8:00 am to 4:30 pm.  the office is closed 12:30 to 1 pm for lunch.  
   

 

 






the ohio state university
college of food, agricultural, and environmental sciences
ohio state university extension
ohio agricultural research and development center
ohio state ati









social media

osu extension miami co. facebook
osu extension facebook
osu extension youtube
 

 


2025 | 2120 fyffe road | room 3 ag admin bldg. | columbus, ohio 43210 | 614-292-6181
accessibility accommodation
if you have a disability and experience difficulty accessing this content request accommodation here.
maintenance and support
this site designed and maintained by cfaes marketing and communications.  for technical support please contact the cfaes helpdesk. 
 cfaes diversity  |  nondiscrimination notice  |  site map





 










