

















worship.ca |



























navigation

home
events

companion of the worship arts
national worship conference


people & partners
resources

advent, christmas & epiphany resources
archives
catechumenate
children and worship
copyrights & permissions
documents
evangelical lutheran worship
guidelines
lent, holy week & easter resources
liturgy
lutheran-anglican-moravian cycle of prayer
music

music link collection
music publishers and suppliers
music studies and scholarships
voice and choir


prayer & devotions
preaching
theatre and dance
visual art

associations, guilds and societies
books and illuminations
fabric and vestments
general
glass, windows and metal
icons
journals
murals


worship space

architecture and space
furniture and furnishings




worship planning

lectionary readings & yearly planning
pentecost
specific occasions


worship workbench
featured

 


 





 
 
 




 


live streaming and pre-recorded worship
the elcic has prepared a list of congregations and worshipping communities that are live streaming or providing online worship during this time of intentional social distancing. find the complete list here. if you have a resource to add to this list, please email...
read more
 
 

 


rev. paul bosch
it is with sadness that we announce the death of rev. paul bosch on january 21, 2023. among many other contributions to ministry and particularly worship in the evangelical lutheran church in canada and beyond, paul wrote worship workbench for worship.ca for over three decades,...
read more
 
 

 


2024 national worship conference
planning is well underway for the 2024 national worship conference. we are excited about coming together for this year’s gathering. full details on this year’s conference, as well as registration information is available on the national worship conference website:...
read more
 
 
 
 
 




worship planning


 

 
worship outlines for the seasons of the church year using evangelical lutheran worship as the primary resource. each week’s worship orders include options for holy communion and service of the word.

 

national worship conference


 

 
the 2024 national worship conference, “the stones cry out: praying with the land” will take place july 18-21, 2024 in regina, saskatchewan. full conference details and registration are available on the anglican lutheran national worship conference website. 

 

companion of the worship arts


 

 
the companion of the worship arts is an honour conferred every two years in recognition of significant contribution at the national level to the worship life of the anglican church of canada and at the national, synodical, and congregational level to the worship life of the evangelical lutheran church in canada.  

 
 

 

 



 
designed by  elegant themes | powered by  wordpress
 
 
 


 










