






welcome to the city of salem indiana




























 





















 

 




 






homenewsgovernment
airport / aviationanimal controlbuilding & safetycemetery serviceschaplaincity councilcity financialsclerk / treasurerfire departmentmayor's officeordinances & city codesparks & recreationpolice deptsenior centerstreets & sanitationutilities officewaste waterwater worksresidents
building permitscommunity boardseducation resourceselections & votinghistory & genealogyhumane societyhunting & fishinginvasive speciesmarriage licensespublic meetingsrecycling resourcessalem safety zonebusiness
business advantageseconomic developmentcommunity profiletourism
visitor's guide to salemsalem indiana historyhistoric figurescalendarweathercontact



































about salem indiana




salem is located in scenic southern indiana just 35 miles north of louisville, kentucky and less than 100 miles south of indianapolis, indiana. salem is a great place to live and make a living. we have high achieving public schools, and a wide variety of community activities. salem also has a strong and diverse economic base. if you're a visitor to salem, we hope you will take note of our many unique and historic destinations. as a city, salem has retained much of its small town flavor, a flavor that is enhanced by the city’s tree-lined streets, stately old homes and a friendly atmosphere that has been nurtured and handed down through the generations.






public meetings & events



there are no up-coming events






online payments












public resources












social media

























									details							



					published: 06 march 2020				





						welcome to salem indiana					


salem is located in scenic southern indiana just 35 miles north of louisville, kentucky and less than 100 miles south of indianapolis, indiana. salem is a great place to live and make a living. we have high achieving public schools, and a wide variety of community activities. salem also has a strong and diverse economic base. if you're a visitor to salem, we hope you will take note of our many unique and historic destinations. as a city, salem has retained much of its small town flavor, a flavor that is enhanced by the city’s tree-lined streets, stately old homes and a friendly atmosphere that has been nurtured and handed down through the generations.

 




									details							



					published: 11 february 2025				





						promoting online safety: recognizing safer internet day 2025					





						community					



						public safety					



						children					



						business					


salem, indiana (february 11, 2025) – as technology becomes more ingrained in daily life, ensuring a safer digital environment for all is more important than ever. in recognition of safer internet day 2025, join us to promote responsible and secure online practices, particularly for children and families.
this year’s theme, "together for a better internet," highlights the collective responsibility of individuals, businesses, educators, and policymakers to create a safer digital world. with cyber threats and online risks increasing, the need for awareness and proactive measures has never been greater.
according to recent studies:
 60% of children have encountered harmful or inappropriate content online.
 1 in 3 internet users worldwide is a child, making online safety a top priority.
 over 70% of teens report experiencing cyberbullying, affecting their mental health and well-being.
 fraud and scams surged by 30% in the last year, with phishing and identity theft being the most common.
tips for staying safe online


for parents & kids: monitor screen time, enable parental controls, and encourage open conversations about online experiences.


for businesses & organizations: prioritize cybersecurity measures, educate employees on phishing scams, and protect customer data.


for everyone: use strong passwords, avoid sharing personal information, and exercise caution before clicking on links. 


"as the digital landscape continues to evolve, we must stay ahead of potential risks and educate ourselves on safe online habits," said mayor justin green "by working together, we can create a more secure and positive internet experience for everyone."
on safer internet day, we encourage individuals, schools, and businesses to participate by promoting digital literacy, attending cybersecurity workshops, and supporting initiatives that protect online users.
 

 




									details							



					published: 28 march 2023				





						senior center calendar - february 2025					





						community					



						recreation					


the senior center is located at 1705 north shelby street and open monday - friday from 9:00am - 4:00pm. the upcoming events are provided in the calendar.
click here to view the monthly events calendar
 

 











 











			community



			public safety



			business



			children



			families



			transportation



			mayor



			recreation



			nature



			water



			parks



			waste water



			animals



			history



			covid-19



			recycling



			garbage






 














city of salem 201 east market street, salem, in 47167 ph# 812.883.4265
info@cityofsalemin.com








privacy policyemployee emailabout this websitehwy 56 project






copyright 2023 all rights reserved








