


aesop's fables - online collection - 656+ fables -


























online collection










 *** important news *** 


now in our 24th year, enjoy.

we now have the domain names aesopfables.com, 
.net, .org.
please bookmark aesopfables.com, but you can get here from any of those domains. 


fables, audio and now the 
search function are currently working. 
i will try to get the rest working soon.



our online collection of aesop's fables includes a 
total of 655+ fables, indexed in table format, with morals listed. there are many more on the way. most 
were translated into english by rev. george fyler townsend (1814-1900) and ambrose bierce (1842-1914) 
the rest are from jean de la fontaine in french and translated to english by several good internet souls.

included are real audio narrations, classic images, 
random images, random fables, search engine  and much more on the way. 
recently added are 127 fairy tales by hans christian andersen. 

nearly as old as the olympics, bigger than dinosaur, 
older than the titanic, more complex than pokemon and more of them than beanie babies are aesop's fables.
 every day hundreds of entire classrooms of kids from all over the world stop 
by to read, learn and enhance their living experience. this website is widely read by all cultures 
from all over the world. next time you are using napster and downloading mp3 files, 
stop by here while that runs in the background.

when we browse the collection, suddenly we are sated with 
such morals as clumsy jesting is no joke, a man is known by the company he keeps, 
and union gives strength. it's the place to go when you want sharp insights, gentle humor, and 
lessons in life. - yahoo 

come on in and enjoy the ageless and timeless wisdom of aesop 
and his fables - the truest family fun on the internet.



 the fables are alphabetically arranged disregarding "the".
the images  and audio 
are only accessible while reading the fables in these sections and are noted accordingly.
there are about 100 fables in each of the first 4 sections.
note: i have added a flash mp3 player to all audio enabled fables.

 section 1   androcles -> the eagle and the arrow
 section 2   the eagle and the jackdaw -> jupiter neptune minerva and momus
 section 3    the kid and the wolf -> the rich man and the tanner
 section 4    the rose and the amaranth -> the young thief and his mother
 section 5  fantastic fables by ambrose bierce - 245 fables
 section 6   fables of jean de la fontaine - more in process of being translated
 selected fables   86 fables selected for their ease of reading and concise moral understanding
 fairy tales  fairy tales of hans christian andersen - 127 of them
 timeline  graphic timeline of 1000 bc - 500 bc
 timeline all  java panorama graphic timeline of 1000 bc - 1000 ad
 a kidnapped santa claus  a short story by l. frank baum
 the life and adventures of santa claus a medium length story by l. frank baum
 a christmas carol  the story of scrooge by charles dickens



tallys:fables - 640fontaine fables - 21
images - 134real audio - 36stories - 3
fairy tales - 127..









aesop's privacy policy
detailed information
search aesop's fables
comments / suggestions
lesson plans
suggested morals
reviews and awards
linking to aesop's fables
browser comparison
audio problems?

random fable













you may access more random fables here








  
  the wasp and the snake 


  a wasp seated himself upon the head of a snake and, striking him
unceasingly with his stings, wounded him to death.  the snake,
being in great torment and not knowing how to rid himself of his
enemy, saw a wagon heavily laden with wood, and went and
purposely placed his head under the wheels, saying, "at least my
enemy and i shall perish together."  










for more information about the fables and this site click here.
for information on what a fable is and what makes it different from a tale or parable see 
 
selected preface in  section 1. be sure to see the full preface and the 'life of aesop' in 
section 1. see also aesop at wikipedia, 
fable at wikipedia.




a bookmark for this page would be a good idea as this site changes daily with new additions. 
better yet, make us your start page and get a daily dose of wisdom 
and inspiration.

enjoy! and do come back again soon



















your narrator


heather















site creation by

john r. long









aesop's fables has been in construction since 09-feb-97
this collection of aesop's and other fables is
copyright © 1997-2020 john r. long - star systems
all rights reserved

last modified: sunday, 27-sep-2020 11:23:03 pdt

qhog.com - premium domain for sale




