











home | school of languages, literatures, and cultures




























      skip to main content
    


skip to main content









apply


give


trigger search



search this site

go



        menu
        
trigger menu









close

search this site

go



primary header navigation


arhu home


home


about


degrees


undergraduate programs


undergraduate advising


special undergraduate programs


winter session




graduate programs


graduate resources






fields of study


arabic


bachelor of arts in arabic studies


arabic minor


arabic program scholarships


arabic studies faculty




chinese


bachelor of arts in chinese


chinese language minor


chinese program awards


chinese program faculty




cinema and media studies


cinema and media studies major


cinema and media studies undergraduate advising


film studies graduate field committee


cinema and media studies courses


cinema and media studies faculty


cinema and media studies careers


cinema and media studies program awards




east asian studies


east asian studies certificate


east asian studies courses


east asian studies faculty




french


french undergraduate program


bachelor of arts in french language and literature




french graduate program


french program courses


french program alumni


french program giving


french program people




german studies


german studies undergraduate program


bachelor of arts in german studies




german language and literature graduate program


germanic studies people




hebrew


gender inclusive hebrew


hebrew studies minor




italian


bachelor of arts in italian studies


italian language and culture minor


italian program advising


italian honor society




japanese


bachelor of arts in japanese


japanese program scholarships


japanese minor


japanese program advising


japanese program alumni placement


japanese program faculty




korean


korean studies minor


korean studies advising


korean studies courses




persian studies


about persian studies


persian studies undergraduate program


bachelor of arts in persian studies




community engagement


persian studies graduate program


persian studies courses


persian studies people




portuguese


portuguese language, literature and culture minor


portuguese program faculty




romance languages


bachelor of arts in romance languages




russian


bachelor of arts in russian language and literature


russian program scholarships


russian studies minor


russian studies advising


russian studies courses


national slavic honors society


maya brin residency


past maya brin residents




second language acquisition


second language acquisition graduate research


second language acquisition ph.d.


second language acquisition m.a.


second language acquisition graduate certificate


second language acquisition undergraduate opportunities


second language acquisition courses


second language acquisition people


second language acquisition alumni




spanish


spanish translation and interpretation services


spanish undergraduate programs


spanish & portuguese program awards


bachelor of arts in spanish language, literatures, and cultures


spanish program internship program


spanish heritage language and latina/o culture minor


teacher certification




spanish graduate programs


spanish language and literature ph.d.


spanish ph.d. dissertation abstracts


spanish language and literature m.a.


hispanic applied linguistics m.a.


spanish program graduate funding


animal de fondo




spanish program alumni


spanish program people


lecture series and study groups


juan ramón jiménez series


hoy: interdisciplinary approaches to the present


josé emilio pacheco series




give to the spanish program






special programs


less commonly taught languages (btaa)


roshan institute for persian studies


center for east asian studies


ceas members




special programs in arabic and persian


persian flagship


apply to the persian flagship program


persian flagship faculty and staff


persian flagship students


persian flagship language partners


persian flagship scholarships and funding


persian capstone




project go


apply to project go


project go arabic program


project go persian program


resources for project go students




special programs in arabic and persian directory




education abroad


education abroad scholarships


chinese education abroad


french education abroad


japanese education abroad


spanish education abroad




language house living and learning program


prospective students and mentors


residential and student life


language clusters


language house student activities advisory board




language house people


give to the language house


korean summer language institute


korean cluster




summer language institutes


summer language institute cultural activities


apply to the summer language institutes


arabic summer language institute


persian summer language institute




language partner program




research and innovation


center for innovation in teaching and learning




diversity


commencement






secondary header navigation


news


calendar


people


prospective students


current students


faculty and staff resources


contact us








university of maryland school of languages, literatures, and cultures home








love speaks every language
these sllc students met their spouses while studying language.
read more about love speaks every language







foreign language studies are overlooked. a mandate would change that.
after spending a summer immersed in jaipur, india, one university of maryland student argues that language learning isn’t just a personal skill—it’s a global necessity.
read more about foreign language studies are overlooked. a mandate would change that.







honoring a life of language, learning and kindness: remembering cynthia ‘cindy’ martin
the beloved russian professor and mentor shaped generations of students and made indelible contributions to foreign language education.
read more about honoring a life of language, learning and kindness: remembering cynthia ‘cindy’ martin







“spanish in the community” builds cultural bridges in college park
this semester, 10 terps tutored students in a program at hollywood elementary school now in its 8th year.  
read more about “spanish in the community” builds cultural bridges in college park







romance languages alum stakes roots in france
mariah stewart ’19 embarks on a career abroad after completing the maryland-in-nice program. 
read more about romance languages alum stakes roots in france















welcome to the school of languages, literatures, and cultures in the college of arts and humanities at the university of maryland, college park. 
we invite you to learn more about our undergraduate and graduate degrees and special programs like the language house living and learning program, the language partner program, the persian flagship program, project go and the summer language institutes.










about us




undergraduate programs 


graduate programs 


faculty and staff


alumni





undergraduate programs 







undergraduate programs 
the school is a transdisciplinary teaching and research unit. our students, faculty, and staff investigate and engage with the linguistic, cultural, cinematic, and literary worlds of speakers of arabic, chinese, french, german, hebrew, italian, japanese, korean, persian, portuguese, russian, and spanish, as well as cinema and media studies.





        quicklinks
      

majorsminorsundergraduate advising special programs






graduate programs 







graduate programs 
the school of languages, literatures, and cultures offers three ph.d. programs, four m.a. programs and an advanced graduate certificate in second language acquisition. our students pursue successful careers in academia, the government, secondary education and the private sector.
graduate programs





        quicklinks
      

french  (ph.d. & m.a.)german (m.a.)spanish (ph.d. & ma)second language acquisition (ph.d. & m.a.)






faculty and staff







faculty and staff
search our directory to learn about our faculty and staff.
directory







faculty and staff resources submit your event






alumni







alumni
stay connected with sllc as an alum by sharing news of your accomplishments, joining our newsletter, attending events and giving back.
 
 







share your newsjoin the newsletter attend an eventmake a donation
















upcoming events

                                              view all events
                                          






feb 20 2025 | 4
 - 5pm

blackout in gaza




feb 20 2025 | 6
 - 7:30pm

black history month open mic & storytelling at the language house




feb 25 2025 | 11am
 - 7:30pm

umd carnaval





/events










news and announcements

                     
                      view all news 
                                      










february 14, 2025

language house, school of languages, literatures, and cultures
love speaks every language







february 11, 2025

school of languages, literatures, and cultures
foreign language studies are overlooked. a mandate would change that.







february 5, 2025

college of arts and humanities, russian, school of languages, literatures, and cultures
honoring a life of language, learning and kindness: remembering cynthia ‘cindy’ martin











january 15, 2025

school of languages, literatures, and cultures
the 10 best books of 2024







december 18, 2024

school of languages, literatures, and cultures
“spanish in the community” builds cultural bridges in college park







december 17, 2024

french, italian, romance languages, school of languages, literatures, and cultures
romance languages alum stakes roots in france











december 9, 2024

college of arts and humanities, school of languages, literatures, and cultures, school of theatre, dance, and performance studies
eugenia brin, longtime supporter of science, performing arts at umd, dies







december 5, 2024

russian, school of languages, literatures, and cultures
sllc mourns loss of cynthia martin







november 20, 2024

language house, school of languages, literatures, and cultures
language house students center international conflicts, social inequality in annual film festival








/news










recent research activitiesresearch and innovation






          the missing link. early modern spain and early modern us
        
an interactive guide to accompany carmen benito-vessels’ research about early modern spain and the early modern united states


          school of languages, literatures, and cultures
        

author/lead: 

carmen benito-vessels





dates:

wednesday, january 22, 2025








this interactive guide intends to accompany carmen benito-vessels’  research  about early modern spain and the early modern united states (2018, 2022, and 2023). the primary goal of this project is to bring to light 16th-century colonial events that happened in the eastern united states and shaped the history of both countries.  


read more about the missing link. early modern spain and early modern us






          hearing and writing german sounds: influences of phonetic training on l2 perception and spelling
        
can auditory training boost learning novel grapheme-phoneme correspondences? this study reports sound categorization and spelling results for a consonant and a vowel after high- and low-variability training in early l1 english learners of l2+ german.


          school of languages, literatures, and cultures
        




dates:

thursday, october 10, 2024





non-readers, who lack alphabetic literacy, may perform differently from alphabetically literate readers on tasks that draw upon phonological awareness, or may fail to perform them at all, despite their lexical and grammatical capabilities. but for alphabetically literate, reading adult learners of a second or subsequent language (l2+) in instructed foreign language (fl) settings, phonological representations typically entail both speech sound categories and orthographic labels, domains connected by grapheme-phoneme correspondences (gpcs) on a language-specific basis. a long tradition of auditory phonetic training research demonstrates benefits for aural perception of novel l2+ contrasts, but such training studies focus almost exclusively on gains in l2+ aural perception and articulatory production rather than connection to the orthographic domain. our study investigates how phonetic training impacts the phonological and orthographic domains, including category perception and target-language (tl) gpcs, across the crucial differences between first language (l1) categories vs. l2+ categories and between naïve pre-learners in cross-language speech perception vs. l2+ learners in l2+ speech perception at early stages of exposure. the paper reports preliminary results on one novel vowel condition (represented by german ü) and one novel consonant condition (represented by german ch). the l2+ sound learning lab, led by dr. john h.g. scott (principal investigator) presented these findings at the 2023 boston university conference on language development. this research was funded by the social sciences and humanities research council of canada.








          the routledge handbook of multiliteracies for spanish language teaching multimodalidad e interdisciplinariedad
        
the first volume to connect the multiple disciplinary perspectives that contribute to a pedagogy for multiliteracies and to bring together renowned and young scholars to offer the most recent research and a multifaceted view of this field.


          school of languages, literatures, and cultures
        




dates:

monday, september 23, 2024





the routledge handbook of multiliteracies for spanish language teaching: multimodalidad e interdisciplinariedad provides a comprehensive, state-of-the-art account of the main theoretical, curricular and pedagogical foundations for implementing and researching a pedagogy for multiliteracies in spanish language teaching.
the volume is specifically designed to meet the needs of scholars, teachers, and undergraduate and graduate students who wish to develop their knowledge about the latest research and new trends in the field of multiliteracy applied to spanish language teaching from an international perspective.

























umdsllc
view more on instagram





this valentine’s day, celebrate two umd couples who found love through their shared passion for language! from study abroad adventures to meeting at the language house café, their stories prove love can bloom anywhere. ❤️ go.umd.edu/1wa1



cynthia “cindy” martin dedicated nearly 35 years to teaching and mentoring students in the russian program at umd. she leaves a lasting impact on foreign language education and the many lives she touched. read about her legacy and the memories shared by those who knew her: go.umd.edu/cynthia



happy first day of classes! sllc wishes you a great start to the spring semester. 📚🌱

















choose the sllc

a three minute overview of our undergraduate majors, minors and programs.














land acknowledgement
every community owes its existence and strength to the generations before them, around the world, who contributed their hopes, dreams, and energy into making the history that led to this moment.
truth and acknowledgement are critical in building mutual respect and connections across all barriers of heritage and difference.
so, we acknowledge the truth that is often buried: we are on the ancestral lands of the piscataway people, who are the ancestral stewards of this sacred land. it is their historical responsibility to advocate for the four-legged, the winged, those that crawl and those that swim. they remind us that clean air and pristine waterways are essential to all life.
this land acknowledgement is a vocal reminder for each of us as two-leggeds to ensure our physical environment is in better condition than what we inherited, for the health and prosperity of future generations.
office of diversity and inclusion




















													school of languages, literatures, and cultures
													3215 jimenez hall 
												college park, md 20742
301.405.4025







primary footer navigation


arhu home


home


about


degrees


fields of study


special programs


research and innovation


diversity


commencement








secondary footer navigation


apply


give


news


events


people


prospective students


current students


faculty & staff resources


contact us












follow us





facebook




twitter




instagram




youtube




vimeo




flickr


 
© 2025 university of maryland

log in
privacy policy
web accessibility





























