




 






welcome to temple of israel- wilmington, nc








































welcome to temple of israel- wilmington, nc 


home
about page

our rabbis

rabbi apple (rabbi emeritus)


board, chairs, and staff
mission, vision, & values
attending services
history

past presidents


cemetery
lcs gift shop
reform judaism
sisterhood – ladies concordia society
men’s club
veterans
tikkun olam


worship

shabbat
holidays

high holy days


ritual practices committee
life cycle events
healing
sanctuary


learning

religious school
bbyo
life long learning


membership
donate / pay

rakefet


 






  

 






















welcome to temple of israel in wilmington, nc
  




we are a congregation that supports a wide range of programs and activities for members of all ages.
we want to build a community based on inclusiveness, where everyone is welcome, regardless of age, marital status, sexual orientation, a jew by birth or by choice.
at temple of israel (toi) we strive to provide a meaningful and fulfilling environment for worship, education and social interaction, following the principles and values of reform judaism, including commitment to god, torah and israel; and to enhance the lives of our congregants and our community.
as an inspiring center for reform judaism, toi will provide meaningful experiences, where memories will take root and grow, while honoring the past and building for the future.
toi aims to be a warm, welcoming, multi-generational and inclusive congregation, financially sound, with a committed and growing membership base and religious school.
toi will be the focal point in our community for reform jewish worship, education, social interaction and tikkun olam. 




join us for shabbat services
every friday at 6pm 
temple of israel, 1 south 4th street 
or on zoom 
 
please contact the temple office at office@templeofisraelnc.org to let us know you will be visiting and we can add you to our guest list.
 
  

 









 




 




 




 




 




 




 




 




 




 




 




 




 




 




 




 




 




 




 




 




 




 




 




 




 




 




 








to pay your
 temple commitment
click here
















































 

 









 









from the union for reform judaism / reform movement meet four black jewish leadersmeet four black jewish leaders
jemerman
february 7, 2025

jews of color

	
  
  
  
    image
                



          

  



              black jews continue to help shape our society, emerging as social justice leaders, writers, chefs, actors, and more. i hope you'll enjoy learning about these black jewish influencers whose intersectional identities have influenced their work.


      supporting immigrants and refugees in this challenging momentsupporting immigrants and refugees in this challenging moment
jemerman
february 6, 2025

racial equity, diversity, & inclusion (redi) communities of belonging

	
  
  
  
    image
                



          

  



              welcoming the stranger, or immigrant, is a core part of jewish tradition, mentioned 36 times in the torah. we affirm our commitment to create the same opportunities for today's immigrants that were so valuable to our own community not so many years ago.


      experiencing a divorce? you are not aloneexperiencing a divorce? you are not alone
jemerman
january 17, 2025

divorce

	
  
  
  
    image
                



          

  



              starting from the torah we see that divorce is acceptable in judaism, that not all marriages are meant to last, and that one or both individuals in the couple have their reasons.


      unlock sephardi culture and connection with these 10 ladino phrasesunlock sephardi culture and connection with these 10 ladino phrases
jemerman
january 17, 2025

arts and culture

	
  
  
  
    image
                



          

  



              growing up in seattle, i was fortunate to be surrounded by the city's vibrant sephardi jewish community. seattle, with its large sephardi population, was the perfect place to grow up immersed in the language and flavors of this unique jewish culture.


       



↑



mailing address office & religious school
reibman center for kehilah
922 market st.
wilmington, nc 28401

 




temple sanctuary temple of israel
1 s. fourth st.
wilmington, nc 28401
 


 

contact information administrator@templeofisraelnc.org
910-762-0000
office hours:
tuesday – friday 10am – 4pm
 

 

yom rishon, 18 shevat 5785 



												© 2025 urj
			








 
 












