gustavus adolphus collegeit appears you have javascript disabled. please enable javascript to get the full experience of gustavus.edu skip to main contentskip to footerpage menuacademicsadmissionfine artsathleticsprofilemake your life countin this sectionabout gustavusnewseventsgustavus ticketscollege calendarmake a giftsocial streamsign inalumniemployeesstudentsfacultygustavus adolphus collegemake your life countgustavus adolphus collegea-z list

    i'm sorry; your browser doesn't support html5 video in mp4 with h.264.
  gusties get more out of college.gusties don't just attend college; they embrace challenges, max out every opportunity, and graduate with the skills to achieve more, live more, and contribute more to the world.start your applicationgusties “do it all” mentality.at gustavus, there's no need to rein in your passions. you can explore all your interests, fuel your curiosity, and create a college experience as unique as you are.request more informationdiscover excellence in every cornerour first-rate facilities are where you’ll find motivation and inspiration, along with faculty whose dedication to undergraduate teaching —#75 nationwide according to u.s. news and world report—will help you expand your horizons and achieve your goals.explore visit optionsunlock affordable excellenceeducation is even more valuable when it’s financially affordable. gustavus is committed to ensuring that everything we offer is within your financial reach so you can pursue your dreams during and after college.learn more about affordabilitygusties get great jobs.gusties aren't just prepared for jobs; they're equipped for successful careers. our graduates leave campus with the skills employers and graduate schools demand and consistently achieve outstanding “first destination” outcomes.read more about gustie outcomesapplause for the cause - performing arts giving days - feb 26-27join usgustavus adolphus college
$140m
           in building renovations and expansions in the last 5 years#1 
           in mn for social mobility for liberal arts colleges (u.s. news and world report, 2024)#1 
           in mn for top colleges with the greatest economic diversity (new york times, 2023)97%
           of students receive financial aid



why gustavus?
grow your mind

make life-long friends. connect.
play. travel. aspire. study. learn.
cross disciplines. meet scholars.
research. find community. sing.
tackle. create. open your mind.

dig in and become part of our thriving campus community. if you can imagine it, we can grow it here.
get growing with admission
pay your enrollment deposit


 






get more out of college
our promise of a premier private education at an affordable price, the gustie guarantee is for new first-year students.
learn more about the gustie guarantee






find your focus
where do your passions meet your purpose and values? how do you want to make a difference? in what field will you take on the great challenges of our time, and make your life count? 






 

see all majors and minors






the liberal arts perspective
passion, meet purpose
in technology-driven, fast-paced, global economies, and in increasingly diverse yet often polarized societies, gusties remain bolstered by liberal arts ideals. cross-discipline thinking, lives lived with purpose, proudly taking on challenges — that's what we're known for, that's what we teach here. the world will always change. and our professors teach the greater lessons of change. our students strive to discover their purpose buried within. our alums act on those lessons and sense of purpose.
explore academics





 
              i'm sorry; your browser doesn't support html5 video in mp4 with h.264.
            



gustie snapshot:
              charlie franke '24
            






 
              i'm sorry; your browser doesn't support html5 video in mp4 with h.264.
            



gustie snapshot:
              mad chase '23
            






 
              i'm sorry; your browser doesn't support html5 video in mp4 with h.264.
            



gustie snapshot:
              prasanna "sunny" rijal '25
            










you belong here


request info
visit
afford
apply







virtual tour



explore gustavus
explore campus in person by scheduling a visit or through our virtual tour and see all the reasons why gustavus just might be the best college for you.

schedule a visit






student life at gustavus
live your whole life
gusties use their time on the hill, inside and outside the classroom to forge lifelong friendships and expand their curiosity about the world. the campus is a hub of activity with vibrant and diverse student life opportunities, from clubs and concerts to arts and athletics. the relationships gusties form here stay with them always.
explore gustavus life





















































feb
17


admitted student day
immerse yourself in the gustavus experience! you can sit in on engaging classes, tour our campus and residence halls, explore resources and opportunities that help our community thrive, and more. parents and families will have the chance to attend sessions and panels designed give you valuable insights…learn more about this event
can't make it? checkout our other upcoming opportunities.other visit opportunities
 




affordable excellence
we're committed to making education financially attainable
college is a major investment in yourself and your future, and we're committed to making our widely recognized liberal arts education financially attainable for all our students. let us show you how affordable gustavus is; you may be surprised at how much financial support you can receive.
financial aid at gustavus



#1 school in minnesota for social mobility — u.s. news and world report
first-year tuition is free for families with income less than $80,000*
best "college for salary impact" private college in minnesota — wall street journal






 

discover your home at gustavus adolphus college
saint peter isn't just a town; it's your nurturing four-year sanctuary, offering seamless access to both mankato and the twin cities.
embrace life in this charming college town, nestled in the picturesque minnesota river valley. this welcoming backdrop fosters close connections and vibrant experiences. immerse yourself in cultural riches, explore boutique gems, indulge in diverse cuisine, and relish a wealth of recreational activities. here, you'll have every opportunity to craft an exceptional college experience.

discover saint peter






gustie grads get great jobs
 a gustavus education can take you wherever you want to go.
four short years as a gustie sets you up for a lifetime of personal and professional success. our alumni thrive in competitive graduate programs at institutions like harvard and stanford, and land jobs and internships at fortune 500 companies like target, amazon, and united health group.
learn more about student outcomes







83% of the class of 2023 reported participating in engaged learning — internship, research, or study away
80% of gustavus students engage with the center for career development each year to receive career guidance and support.
9 in 10 gusties report being employed, continuing education, or doing service within 9 months of graduation first destination survey results from gustavus class of 2023







news from gustavus
all news

gustavus peer malts pay it forwardschaefer gallery showcases grant winners kaelyn lobalbo and willa brownwhat to know about dr. heidi johanna millerour town: the community of theater at gustavusgustavus adolphus establishes endowed chair in scandinavian studiesgreek life at gustavus opens up new worldsgustavus shows breadth, depth in national rankingshow gis helps gusties chart new pathsgustavus welcomes new chief marketing officerwomen’s hockey wins program’s first national championship in triple overtime thriller



request more info

loading...










800 west college avenuesaint peter, mn 56082507-933-8000web@gustavus.eduthank you for supporting gustavus and the impact your gifts make possible.support gustavusabout gustavusnewseventscareers
          © 2025 gustavus adolphus college
        feedbackprivacy statementtitle ix  