  experience luxury & nature at makena surf beachfront condo      

facebook

(855) 676-2061
(855) 676-2061



home
about us
faq
rates
activities
reviews
gallery
contact
select page
welcome to makena surfon the southwest coast of maui, hawaii. rates start at $919/ntview rateswelcome to makena surfon the southwest coast of maui, hawaii. rates start at $919/ntview rateswelcome to makena surfon the southwest coast of maui, hawaii. rates start at $919/ntview rateswelcome to makena surfon the southwest coast of maui, hawaii. rates start at $919/ntview rates















aloha, from makena surf maui!makena surf provides unparalleled ocean views. steps from the soft coral sand beach. watch whales frolic as you relax on your private lanai. swim with sea turtles and tropical fish on the secluded volcanic reef. experience a luxury vacation you’ll remember for a lifetime.at makena surf, your beachfront condo features two king bedrooms with en suite bathrooms. the spacious, private lanai overlooks beautiful po’olenalena beach and the pacific ocean from molokini island to the west maui mountains. our rare corner unit includes a fully equipped gourmet kitchen, state of the art electronics and wifi, air conditioning, washer/dryer, and concierge services.
contact ushave a look inside makena surf e-206luxury amenitieshere at makena surf, we provide you with all the amenities of a luxury maui hawaii vacation rental.competitive ratesif for any reason you are not 100% satisfied with our unit, we will refund any rentals for unused days.life changing activities explore the island. some views are like nothing else you will ever see.
what others are saying“i can not say enough how relaxing this place is. great beach, great condos with perfectly manicured garden grounds. relaxation at its finest. unwind by the two pools, or play in the water and swim with the honu. aloha all around.”-greg d 5/5
“this condo is gorgeous! my family of 4 stayed & it was more than enough room for us. the view from the huge balcony is awesome…probably the best view we’ve ever had. the condo is very clean (i’m very picky about this & i was pleasantly surprised at the cleanliness) & decorated beautifully. the beach at makena surf is very nice…it never got crowded, my kids loved boogie boarding & they saw 3 sea turtles during our stay. it was very quiet at night, which i liked a lot. the weather was great. the area of makena is a little far from restaurants but it was worth the drive for how much i liked the area. i would definitely stay there again, it was an awesome place!! thank you to the owners!!!“-barb a. b, 5/5“the view when you walk into this unit is absolutely stunning! the condo was immaculate and modernly updated, spacious and homey. fully furnished with comfortable living and bedroom furniture. we loved having access to our own kitchen and having a convenient bbq to use was an added bonus. the condo is amazingly stocked with beach gear, towels, a cooler bag and kitchen items. there wasn’t anything that we were missing during our stay. the owners have thought of everything to make our stay comfortable. makena surf is conveniently located close to some of the best beaches on the island, shopping, restaurants, and activities. the snorkeling was fantastic with colorful fish and many sea turtles. this was a beautiful unit in a great complex that is secure and quiet. if a relaxing vacation is what you’re looking for, then look no further, this is the place for you.“-katie b. 5/5
view morewhat others are saying about makena surf e206“i can not say enough how relaxing this place is. great beach, great condos with perfectly manicured garden grounds. relaxation at its finest. unwind by the two pools, or play in the water and swim with the honu. aloha all around.”-greg dingman“this condo is gorgeous! my family of 4 stayed & it was more than enough room for us. the view from the huge balcony is awesome…probably the best view we’ve ever had. the condo is very clean (i’m very picky about this & i was pleasantly surprised at the cleanliness) & decorated beautifully. the beach at makena surf is very nice…it never got crowded, my kids loved boogie boarding & they saw 3 sea turtles during our stay. it was very quiet at night, which i liked a lot. the weather was great. the area of makena is a little far from restaurants but it was worth the drive for how much i liked the area. i would definitely stay there again, it was an awesome place!! thank you to the owners!!!“-barb a. b, 5/5“the view when you walk into this unit is absolutely stunning! the condo was immaculate and modernly updated, spacious and homey. fully furnished with comfortable living and bedroom furniture. we loved having access to our own kitchen and having a convenient bbq to use was an added bonus. the condo is amazingly stocked with beach gear, towels, a cooler bag and kitchen items. there wasn’t anything that we were missing during our stay. the owners have thought of everything to make our stay comfortable. makena surf is conveniently located close to some of the best beaches on the island, shopping, restaurants, and activities. the snorkeling was fantastic with colorful fish and many sea turtles. this was a beautiful unit in a great complex that is secure and quiet. if a relaxing vacation is what you’re looking for, then look no further, this is the place for you.“-katie b. 5/5
view moreprivacy, seclusion & awe inspiring viewsmakena surf e buildingthese are just some of the most talked about joys of the makena surf, on the southwest coast of maui, hawaii. here is the maui condo rental that lovers seek to find, on a magnificent, meandering coastline. right in front of you, humpback whales cavort in their winter home. while behind you beckon the activities of a richly appointed resort, including two swimming pools, four tennis courts and, just beyond, the fairways of the wailea golf courses.
prime oceanfront condo
unsurpassed ocean views
including molokini to west maui mountains
designer remodel and fully upgraded
one of the best beaches on maui – po’olenalena beach
view rates
 inquire now
view rates
 inquire now
questions? we can help! 
notice: javascript is required for this content.
 

facebook

2021 copyright makenasurf.com | all rights reserved  designed by: hfb technologies                                 