

eliminate hobo, brown recluse, and other indoor spiders!








 
        hobo spiders, brown recluse, and other indoor spiders can cause serious 
        injury to you, your kids, or your customers! get spiderexpert traps to 
        protect yourself and those you love.
identify a spider 
          --  
		hobo spiders  --  
		recluse spiders  --   
		faq's  --   
		q&a forum
         







 
        they're 100% guaranteed to trap and eliminate indoor pests!
our traps attract and eliminate all species of spiders!
bightm 
        traps contain an all-natural attractant effective against hobo, brown 
        recluse, and all other indoor spiders. once trapped the spiders cannot 
        escape. they usually die after a couple of days. be careful when disposing 
        of traps--spiders may be alive! use gloves!
hobo and brown recluse spiders can be very dangerous!
when 
        venom from a hobo spider or a brown recluse spider is injected, the victim 
        will usually experience an immediate redness around the bite that begins 
        to disappear within a few hours. for the first 24 hours, the bite usually 
        appears no worse than a mosquito bite; then it begins to blister in the 
        center. within 24 to 36 hours the blister breaks open, leaving an open, 
        oozing ulceration. this ulceration 'scabs' over within three weeks leaving 
        a permanent scar. if the bite is delivered in fatty tissue, the lesion 
        may be very deep and extensive and not heal for two or three years. 
systematic reactions to hobo spider poisoning include severe headaches, 
        nausea, vomiting, soreness and flu-like symptoms. in extreme 
        cases where the bite was not taken care of early, skin graft, amputation, 
        and the possibility of bone marrow failure may occur.
identify a 
        spider   --   
        hobo spiders  -- 
          recluse spiders 
         --   faq's  --   
        q&a 
        forum
          




 
        you may have spiders and not know it!
many people don't even realize they have a problem until they use our 
        traps and see the traps fill with spiders. don't wait until your loved 
        one is bit to find out if you have hobo or brown recluse spiders. 
find 
        a local reseller     order 
        online here!
click here to learn to identify hobo spiders and 
        brown recluse spiders.
          




 
works best against hobo and brown recluse!
 other 
        companies claim their traps work. ours actually eliminate all types of 
        indoor spiders when used properly. they are non-poisonous, contain a natural 
        attracted that works on all spiders, and securely hold the trapped spiders. 
        
        our traps can also be folded to help prevent your children and/or pets 
        from getting caught up in them. 
as 
        a compliment to bightm traps, we offer 
        cobweb eliminator, a non-poisonous, all-natural spray that works 
        both indoors and outdoors to help control cobwebs. it will not stain and 
        has no long lasting odor. 
cobweb eliminator deteriorates the web's attachment points making 
        for easy removal and maintains a neat, clean appearance. it also discourages 
        the reformation of cobwebs. 
order bightm traps 
        and cobweb eliminator to ensure your family's safety!
 




10 bightm traps

just 14.95





25 bightm traps

just 29.95





50 bightm traps

just 58.95



1 bottle of cobweb eliminator
just 14.90



knee pro ultra flex
knee pads
just 29.95



identify a 
        spider   --   
        hobo spiders  -- 
          recluse spiders 
         --   faq's  --   
        q&a 
        forum
          




all orders are processed securely by belnapstore.









