






school of nursing • university of virginia




























































skip to main content

















              academics
            

academics
what nursing program is right for me?
bsn
-rn to bsn
-3 year bsn transfer program

-2 year accelerated bsn transfer program

clinical nurse leader
msn
post-master's certificates
dnp
phd
global opportunities
simulation
preceptors




              admissions
            

admissions
apply
tours & information sessions
meet our graduate student ambassadors
tuition, financial aid, scholarships




              research
            

research
faculty research
-aging
-social determinants of health
-healthcare technology
office for nursing research
student research opportunities
centers & initiatives




              alumni
            

alumni
give
alumni events
volunteer
scholarships and awards
share your news
virginia legacy magazine



continuing education



              about
            

about
message from the dean
leadership
centers and initiatives
accreditation
faculty and staff directory
strategic plan



give





search

















your browser does not support javascript!









top-ranked programs that suit nurses at every professional stage
admissions zoom









novel post-doc fellowships for emerging nurse scientists
work with us









a new, more efficient pathway to the highest clinical degree
bsn to dnp









an affordable, part-time, mostly online program
rn to bsn







improving lives through nursing
we transform health through exceptional care, science, learning, and influence and are a learning community rooted in compassion and respect that values trust, equity, excellence, collaboration, and knowledge.



what nursing program is right for me?









join our mailing list







attend a virtual info session







apply







explore our programs


















































#1
virginia's top-ranked nursing programs


$4.7m
in scholarships and aid in 2024


3%
in the top 3% of u.s. graduate nursing programs

 
 



let us help you find your fit.
loading...




aprn (msn and dnp) zoom info sessions


wednesday, march 12, 2025 at 7:30 am






wednesday, april 9, 2025 at 5:30 pm 










clinical nurse leader (cnl) zoom info sessions


tuesday, march 11, 2025 at 5:30 pm






tuesday, april 8, 2025 at 5:30 pm 










rn to bsn program zoom info sessions


thursday, february 20, 2025 at 6:00 pm






wednesday, february 26, 2025 at 10:00 am






wednesday, march 12, 2025 at 6:00 pm










phd zoom info sessions


phd zoom info session on feb 18 at 5:30pm






phd zoom info session on april 15 at 12:00 pm












your browser does not support the video tag.



    show transcript
  



beth quatrara: what sets uva's school of nursing apart is the community, and i cannot say that enough. we really care about you-- you as the person, you as the individual. you are not part of a cohort. you are not part of a class. you have the opportunity to work one on one with faculty, one on one with your advisor, and that's really what sets us apart, is that we are uniquely focused on you.
katie kuekes-baker (cnl student): it's an ever-changing world that we live in. health care is an ever-changing industry, and the program is ever changing as well. it's very flexible, with new research and new experiences that the school finds for us to do as students. and the different perspectives that are brought in by the faculty and by different staff also make it a very dynamic and very integrated program.
lindsey grizzard braun (dnp student): they want you to succeed just as much as you want to succeed. and not only that, but they want you to have a good work-life balance.
julia phillips (msn student): we learn together, and we truly work through hard and difficult clinical situations together. and i think that that makes this program really, really special.
maureen desena (post master"s dnp student): everywhere i turn, it's just-- they're just so inclusive.
katie hall (phd student): the school of nursing accepts you as you are, helps you build towards your strengths and towards your passions.
uva nursing grad student: if i could describe my time here at uva in one word, it would be community.
uva nursing grad student: compassionate.
uva nursing grad student: meticulous.
uva nursing grad student: excellence.
uva nursing grad student: understanding.
uva nursing grad student: stretching.
uva nursing grad student: staggering.
uva nursing grad student: invested.
uva nursing grad student: inspirational.
uva nursing grad student: flexible.
uva nursing grad student: personalized.
uva nursing grad student: dynamic.
uva nursing grad student: inclusive.
uva nursing grad student: high achieving.
uva nursing grad student: ambitious.
uva nursing grad student: holistic.
uva nursing grad student: empowering.
uva nursing grad student: sincere.
uva nursing grad student: encouraging.
uva nursing grad student: supportive.
uva nursing grad student: nourishing.
uva nursing grad student: family.
uva nursing grad student: family.
uva nursing grad student: community.
uva nursing grad student: community.
uva nursing grad student: community.
[upbeat music]












empowering
"you can come here and feel like you can accomplish anything. and you don't have to do it by yourself. you're going to do it with a team of people. you grow together, learn together, and you might fall down, but you also get up together as well."
—melissa gomes, associate dean for diversity, equity, and inclusion, and an associate professor







community
"come exactly as you are. no matter what you are interested in, we have people here for you. we are not a nurse factory. we work to build an environment and give students the tools and the care they need to grow into the nurse that they want to be."
—ashley apple, assistant professor of nursing







inspired
"i have met so many people along this journey that i am inspired and motivated by, and that i really look up to. especially the care that they can provide to patients and their families."
—larissa gregory, msn graduate







home
"everyone is so welcoming, it made me really feel like i had a place here...people really, truly care about you and you feel that the minute you walk in here.”
—annalisa cintron, bsn class of 2025






 

 




more news & events



 
 

















225 jeanette lancaster way
charlottesville, va 22903-3388


(434) 924-0141
(434) 924-0141






about
diversity
directions
faculty, staff and student resources




contact
mission
quick facts
employment



stay connected


facebook



instagram



linkedin



x



youtube






  by the rector and visitors of the university of virginia


privacy policy
copyright policy
non-discrimination notice
accessibility






 
 










