









cheap dvd, latest gadgets and new sites reviewed on d8a.





































 

 






 
 









home
about us

privacy policy
resources


food & drink
travel
eco
motoring
ads & approved sites
menu 









upgrading z906 speakers

					posted on august 28, 2020august 28, 2020  by admin 


my old z5500 speakers were starting to play up and i’ve loved them and had them for around 15 years now. i published this page to keep my research as there was lots of bad info out there and i’m sure others are looking at similar issues to me. the common issue with the z5500 […]






how to speed up an old computer

					posted on february 23, 2017january 7, 2021  by admin 


one of the most frustrating things we encounter in our daily work are slow computers. people have owned the computer for years and haven’t taken a shred of care over routine maintenance or upgrades. some laptops have taken ages to boot up and most of this is down to the sheer amount of stuff it’s […]






fencing specialists in deal, kent

					posted on january 5, 2017march 4, 2017  by admin 


the english past time of gardening seems to continue despite the growing technological pull and our busy lives. for many the garden is a haven of peace and tranquility and a place to go to escape the everyday worries and cares or life. hard landscaping, ponds and out buildings are growing in popularity as people […]






best options now santander rate drops for savers

					posted on september 19, 2016march 4, 2017  by admin 


people were getting 3% from santander, this will be dropping to 1.5% in november and leaves many savers with half of the interest. we expect many people will be looking to move their money from santander as they look for the best savings rate options. most other savings rates are nearer 1% and the few […]






structural repairs and building repairs

					posted on august 14, 2016march 4, 2017  by admin 


one of the biggest costs in property ownership is costly building repairs. time usually takes it toll on properties, as ground moves and cracks, weather gets into walls and expands when it freezes. there are also issues with the way older properties are constructed. common structural issues include expanding steel causing bricks to lift or […]






make the perfect revolute coffee

					posted on may 6, 2016march 4, 2017  by admin 


if you like your coffee then you’ve noticed that there are many new varieties on offer at popular cafes. there is no reason why you can’t make these at home if you know how. this follows on from our espresso shot article due to the amount of interest we have had. australia brought us the […]






petrol and diesel remapping in kent

					posted on april 15, 2016january 21, 2021  by admin 


what exactly is vehicle remapping? why are so many people talking about it and what are the advantages and disadvantages of remapping a car? every car engine on modern vehicles is governed by a computer which controls timing, fuelling and even air flow into the engine, particularly on turbo models. this control is referred to […]






energy saving tips for the home

					posted on march 15, 2016march 20, 2019  by admin 


we have asked some of our clients for their energy saving tips and wish to thank  eddiemathews plumbing in kent for their suggestions and tips. they are able to supply and or supply and fit respectively these energy saving measures for your home.






torque cars online magazine

					posted on march 5, 2016march 4, 2017  by admin 


with the decline of the printed magazine for cars, and many other companies and media outlets going online or digital only we see another credible car magazine with an online only presence. the benefit of torque cars online magazine is the sheer scope of tuning and modification advice it offers, provide quite simple to read […]






hythe food and drink festival

					posted on november 26, 2015march 4, 2017  by admin 


the awesome food and drink festival is back at hythe on the 8 to 10th july. hythe food and drink festival 2016â for details of this event. expect lots of local producers to be there along with many other national specialist food and drink suppliers in what promises to be a great day out for all […]




post navigation
1
2
3
4
5
6
…
9
next »




categories

ads & approved sites

dvd

eco

food and drink

gadgets

gardening calendar

motoring

movies

news

pc

sites

travel

uncategorized




recent posts


upgrading z906 speakers


how to speed up an old computer


fencing specialists in deal, kent


best options now santander rate drops for savers


structural repairs and building repairs


pages

about d8a information and reviews

interesting websites and links.
privacy policy


archives
articles

easy grow your own
growing from seed
how to control slugs
pots of fruit and veg


fruit

apples
blueberries
citrus fruits
raspberries
rhubarb
strawberries


herbs

basil
mint


home
privacy policy
recipes

beetroot soup
brussel sprout recipes
fennel tisane
parsnip soup
roast onions
tomatoes – fried green


vegetables

asparagus
beetroot
brussel sprouts
chillies and sweet peppers
french beans
jerusalem artichokes
potatoes
salad leaves
watercress



 




 car styling tipstyres that protect rimsspyker sports cars c8 rearimpreza red silicone engine bay hosesford focus rs engine styling photosphotos of a deloreanthe skelta sports car



 recent entriesupgrading z906 speakershow to speed up an old computerfencing specialists in deal, kentbest options now santander rate drops for saversstructural repairs and building repairsmake the perfect revolute coffeepetrol and diesel remapping in kentenergy saving tips for the hometorque cars online magazinehythe food and drink festival latest car tuning articles from torquecars.brake padsegr deleteinduction kits vs panel filtersturbos explainedmiller vs otto vs atkinson cycleperformance spark plugs 


this website uses cookies to improve your experience. we'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.accept read moreprivacy & cookies policy




close






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.

 





								necessary							


necessary

always enabled




									necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. this category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. these cookies do not store any personal information.								






								non-necessary							


non-necessary





									any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. it is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.								












save & accept












