













atlantic county library system


























skip to main content








 


atlantic county library system



 

main menu
homebranchesabsecon branchbrigantine branchbuena community reading centeregg harbor city branchegg harbor township branchgalloway township branchhammonton branchmays landing branchpleasantville branchsomers point branchventnor branchbookssearch our catalogbook clubsbook club in a bagbook reviewsnovelist k-8 plusnovelist plusdigital mediaacls mobile appfreegal musichooplalibrary app shelfoverdrive ebooks & eaudiobooksoverdrive emagazinestumblebook libraryresourcesdatabases & researchhistorical resourcesjerseycatmagazines & newspapersmango languagesresource centersalem press reference resourcesservicesbooks by mailcomputers & internet accessdeaf and hard of hearing resourcesfiero codeinterlibrary loanmeeting rooms policymobile printing sevicemometrix  elibrary test preparationnorthstar online learningtutor.comvisually impaired serviceswi-fi at aclswi-fi hotspotsat the libraryabout usatlantic county library foundationcalendar of eventscontact usitem donationsjob opportunitieslibrary advisory commissionlibrary value calculatorhow the values were calculatedphoto gallerystorytimeapply for a library card










 

 

 









  
 february 1 - march 31, 2025 



  
 access world news online 



  
 2025 reading challenge 



  
 winter programs 



  
 comics & graphic novels 









 



holiday hours: presidents day



in observance of presidents day, all branches of the atlantic county library system will be closed on monday, february 17, 2025.
as always, our digital media services and databases are available 24/7.




 
read more about holiday hours: presidents day




mays landing branch is open



the mays landing branch of the atlantic county library system reopened on tuesday, january 7, 2025, following the installation of a new $2.68 million hvac system and generator. the library branch had been closed since august 26 for work on this project. due to the expected winter storm, please call ahead before venturing to the library on tuesday.
the county received partial funding for several hvac replacement projects within its 10-branch library system through a nj state library construction bond grant and american rescue plan monies.




 
read more about mays landing branch is open




featured database: heritage hub



check out our genealogy resource heritage hub -- the largest and most comprehensive collection of u.s. newspaper obituaries and death notices.
discover new family connections and history with information spanning more than 200 years with content from all 50 states including hard-to-find information from the 1940’s, 50’s, 60’s.
access is available 24/7 with your acls card.
learn more in this brief video.




 
read more about featured database: heritage hub




best of the best 



the atlantic county library system has done it again by sweeping the best branch library category in the 2024 annual best of the press reader's choice award for the 3rd consecutive year in a row.
congratulations to our ventnor, galloway township, and egg harbor township branches and thank you to the patrons who voted for us as well as to the staff who have helped make it possible. we think all of our branches are winners!




 
read more about best of the best 




more to read




through the palace project, new jersey residents can read or listen to over 20,000 digital titles curated by the digital public library of america and the new jersey state library.
access to this ecollection requires the palace project app which can be downloaded for free from your mobile device's app store. the process for signing up is completely self-contained within the app, and needs only an email address and authentication through geolocation (anywhere in nj).
for instructions from palace, click here. if you’d prefer to watch a training video, click here.




 
read more about more to read

pages123456789…next ›last »
 
     


my library accountjoin the libraryask a librarianborrowing, renewals and finesfaqscalendar of events

acls e-newsletter





what's happening



search this site


search 






































 









atlantic county
			government




atlantic county library system
			40 farragut ave., mays landing, nj 08330
			phone: (609) 625-2776 | fax: (609) 625-8143
comments or questions? contact us
atlantic county executive dennis levinson
board of county commissioners, richard r. dase, chairman



cultural and
			heritage affairs










 


 
 




