








edinformatics -- educational resources 































toggle navigation










culinary schools 


best in america


top ny state schools


top california schools


culinary schools by state


management and hospitality




online schools


top schools for teachers


business management


culinary (online)


information technology


medical billing


science and engineering


psychology


forensic science


criminal justice and security


law and paralegal


nursing and health care


restaurant management


graphic arts and visual communications


technical and vocational 




campus schools


business administration


graphic arts


architectural--  design -- technology


auto repair


computing and it


fitness training


nursing 


auto mechanic and motorcycle repair


aviation training


pharmacy technician


broadcasting and announcers


massage therapy


medical assistants


dental assistant


vetinary technology




math and science modules 


mass volume density


atoms elements compounds


carbon module


chemical/physical changes


science of fluids


electricity, magnetism and electromagnetism


layers of the earth


scientific notation

heart, blood, circulation

mathematical relationships in science
 
units and measure
 
states of matter
 
solutions -suspension -colloids


force - work - energy


how is heat transferred


why do metals conduct


 how does a battery work


simple machines


solar system


digestion


sexual/asexual reproduction


human genome


explain it with molecules


more...




news 


science (general)


science specific 


health and medicine


mathematics news


nanotechnology news


cancer eurekalert 


education week news


nasa universe 


business and stocks
 
sports news


new york times book review


global news


culinary news


entertainment news


science news for kids




state tests 


new york


texas


california


massachusetts


florida


pennsylvania


new jersey


michigan


minnesota


virginia


illinois


georgia


illinois


oregon


full listing















 







new-- images from solar eclipse of the sun -- april 2024 -nyc
new --dangers in the home --lead poisoning, carbon monoxide poisoning, dangers of lithium ion batteries
what are the best culinary schools in america?

summer academic programs for high school students given at top colleges and universities- new - for 2024?
k-12 stem activities (many with online assessments)





featured activities






 

mass volume and density
how to find mass, volume and density for liquid and solid

more info







solar system and beyond
 solar system and beyond, dark energy and matter, black holes

more info







100 greatest inventions of all time
  here is the encyclopedia britannica's list for-- the greatest inventions of all times

more info







how does a battery work
how does a battery work... making a battery using lemons
 
more info









html5 simulations--physics and more
view with most latest browsers using html5
 more info 






simple machines
 the six simple machines with an online assessment
 more info 






how were the pyramids builts
 read the latest about how they built the egyptian pyramids
 more info 






nanotechnology
nanorobotics, nanomedicine, nanocar, atomic force microscope...more

more info










 

why does ice float?
try an interactive activity that uses molecular modeling to explain the reason ice floats.
 more info




 

how is heat transferred?
 conduction - convection - radiation
        molecular dynamics simulation of water
         more info 




 

what is the difference between mass and weight?
 interactive  experiment to understand  concept ...
 more info 






what is helium-3
and, why is it so important --where does a large amount exist?
        

 more info








most visited k-12 assessments for student


edinformatics assessments ---most math and science content pages contain an online assessment at the end of page. following are are most visited.
     
mass volume density assessment --two assessment are available each containing 10 questions each based on the topics contained in the mass, volume density module. 
simple machines assessment test -- assessment on the readings about the six simple machines
physical or chemical change? --test your understanding difference between physical and chemical changes
timss tests online -- math and science tests for 3rd grade, and 8tseh grade (4 tests are available.


  





 databases




research
educational statistics
careers database
careers -kids and teens
travel
teacher info/jobs
parents guide
lesson plans
online journals
curriculum
science and math reform
professional development
computers in education
science databases
ask an expert
kids and teens
health/fitness








 testing resources




k-12 test preparation
state tests
test preparation
common core
online interactive
math tests
reading tests
science tests
timss challenge
parcc
smarter balance
edinformatics science challenge
insurance license exam
drivers license exams








 schools




best culinary schools
top online schools for teachers
vocation and technical
top colleges and universities
top graduate schools in education
top public colleges and universities
top us graduate business schools
top us medical schools ranked by research
real estate/brokers
the 20 best culinary schools













 stem / ngss activities




k-12 stem / ngss home page
greatest inventions
greatest thinkers
electricity and magnetism
solar system and beyond
k-12 molecular modeling
explain it with molecules
robotics
nanotechnology
forensic sciences
mathematics and molecules
gifted and talented
science project resources
html5 math and science simulations
mathematical relationships in science
timeline databases








 investing




about financial instruments
investor education
major indices
real estate resources
investing for teachers
derivatives
day trading
nanotechnology stocks
robotic stocks
technical analysis -history and methodology
day trading
investing in pipeline drugs
about mortgages








 cooking and travel




best culinary schools in new york 
best culinary schools in california
careers in the food industry
science of food and cooking
greenmarket recipes
great chef's signature dishes
health - nutrition - fitness
restaurant reviews
science of food and wine 
best restaurants in america
cooking and travel
food encyclopedia










take the edinformatics challenge 


edinformatics has  designed a two part -end of year- 8th grade science test that accesses both "knowledge and concepts" (part i), and "reasoning and analysis skills" (part ii). most of the science material used for the test is consistent with current intermediate school textbooks. several questions require more rigorous mathematics that is contained within the newly initiated common core standards and the  ngss (next generation science standards).

read more about -the edinformatics challenge 
see part i - knowledge and concepts
see part ii - reasoning and analysis 










featured articles



glutathione shown to boost t-cell energy metabolism -- healthymolecules.com
3 win 2016 nobel prize in chemistry for work in molecular machines - nanocars
what were the greatest inventions of all time -- what are the 300 greatest inventions of all time? 
great thinkers --great minds- who were the greatest thinkers of all time? edinformatics puts its list on the web... mathematicians, philosophers, artists, writers, scientists ..
 the adolescent brain --why teenagers think and act differently it now appears some of that baffling behavior of your teenage child (or student) may be the result of neurobiology not raging hormones        
 being bilingual and using it staves off dementia-- people who are fully bilingual and speak both languages every day for most of their lives can delay the onset of dementia by up to four years ... 
new drugs in the fight against alzheimer's --the past few years have brought some encouraging studies to the forefront in alzheimer's and dementia with several drugs for alzheimer's disease in the pipeline that show promise -- see alzheimer's update 2017
 last minute science projects-- while few good ones are out there, we do have some creative ideas of our own if you are willing to put the time and effort into them 
 culinary arts or culinary science? --now it's molecular gastronomy with changes in how we cook and eat the fields of culinary arts and culinary science appear to be merging forming new areas know as 'molecular gastronomy" and culinology... read more -- best culinary schools in new york -- 2016 reviews...-- what are the best recreational cooking schools in the world -- cooking and travel.
nctm focal points and singapore math ---will the current math curriculum using the nctm focal points be more in line with international standards? many schools are  implementing a singapore style math component...
exercise could slow aging --it now appears that physically active people have cells that look younger at the molecular level than those that are sedentary..
what is helium-3 and why it is so important? -why is china and russia heading for the moon to mine helium-3? can helium fusion solve the earth's energy problems?
how does tamiflu work against the flu --if you take tamiflu within 48 hours of showing symptoms, it can shorten the duration of the flu (strains a and b). how does tamiflu work?
about the zika virus and a zika vaccine -zika has arrived in the us and currently is growing in florida... several vaccines are now under development... read more -
what is blood made of? -- components of blood - how does the heart work?-
what is gluten, gluten sensitivity and celiac disease?- what are genese involved in this disease? -what causes an immune response against gluten?  - what are lectins? ... read more
climate change
global warming in the news
dangers in our atmosphere






















copyright © edinformatics 1999
                    education for the information age
site map
privacy statement
gainful-employment-disclosure
                    all rights reserved
          questions or comments?















