






pan abode cedar homes | custom cedar homes and cabin kits








































home


about us

building systems
advantage
commitment
history
what's new
testimonials



our homes

photo browser



floor plans


design

additions
cabin kits
commercial
custom design
specifications



resources

become a dealer
building products
financing
manufacturers



faq


contact

find a dealer
free flyer
order literature
send us a message
submit sketch for a quote












































previous



next












~custom home and cabin building "kit" packages~discover the advantage of systemized modular building for your new custom home or vacation cabin~after doing a bit of research on different options for cabin kits, we chose pan abode for their long standing reputation and great reviews. they delivered on every aspect of what they offered, from great communication through the entire process to detailed plans and instructions to the highest quality materials! we couldn't be happier with our experience with pan abode and would highly recommend their product! ...  michael & melisa lapping, seeley lake mt.~more comments from our friends... video tour of our horizon view model360 tour of our horizon view #2900





pan abode provides... custom home design & plans service,provides premium building materials & coordinates shipping to your site!let pan abode ensure the quality and design of your new custom cedar home or cabin so you or your builder won't have to!
what we do...





contact us
800-782-2633 | (425) 255-8260 direct
info@panabodehomes.com
order custom home guiderequest free flyersend us a messagesubmit a sketch for quotefind a dealer
1100 maple ave swrenton, wa 98057

 login




the pan abode commitment...pan abode cedar homes will design your new custom cedar home building kit, ensure exacting quality of your building package materials and ship them to your site. discover the advantage of building your home with a modular pre-cut building system. choose from several different pre-cut "stack-up" building systems to suit your appeal and logistical needs for a solid wood home. or choose our post & beam building kit of modern framing techniques to achieve almost any home style.
a pan abode home utilizes the timeless beauty of douglas fir & western red cedar. our homes and cabins embrace the warmth of wood construction kit package systems coupled with traditional joinery, modern styles & methods, expansive open rooms and walls of glass to environmentally connect your custom cedar home with your unique building site.
browse our floor plan collection or use one of your own. request for a custom cedar home estimate is easy and free. we will provide an accurate estimate based on one of our standard building systems you choose. additional options and materials available upon request.

pan abode building "kit" systems...








 post & beam building system
true "post & beam" a modern modular structural matrix of overhead douglas fir beams on posts and stud framing. allows for expansive spaces & walls of glass. clad in rich western red cedar. make this system anything you want with endless possibilities of elements and styles.


more about post & beam 










 phoenix timber building system
a contemporary solid-timber cedar home building system featuring kiln-dried, rectangular laminated western red cedar wall timbers and laminated hand-finished douglas fir columns and beams. timbers and logs are joined in a corner-post fashion by a phoenix column timber connector. easy to construct.


more about phoenix timber










 d-log phoenix timber
a phoenix timber system variation featuring kiln-dried, "d" shaped laminated western red cedar wall timbers and laminated hand-finished douglas fir columns and beams. timbers and logs are joined in a corner-post fashion by a phoenix column timber connector. easy to construct.


more about d-log timber










 classic timber building system
the "original" interlocking timber building system created in 1940's. features solid, air-dried western red cedar wall timbers that are precision-milled and hand-finished. marked by rustic elegance.


more about classic timber










haiti rebuilding projects blog
pan abode cedar homes is proud to participate in the rebuilding efforts after the haiti earthquake of 2010. keep up with the progress of new dwellings being built on sites devastated by the event.
go to site







free custom home design & pricing consultation
take advantage of our experienced design & pricing staff. modify one of our standard plans, or supply us with your own plan or sketch and pan abode will furnish free price estimating and design ideas.
read more...







cabins and vacation homes
our systems are easily assembled and ideal for the the do-it-yourselfer. packages come bundled and ready to erect. building plans and guides are fully explanatory and come with full technical support.
read more...







building products
pan abode cedar homes offers a wide variety of building products for not only our family of pan abode customers to maintain their homes, but also the public. 
view products...







dealership opportunities
pan abode cedar homes offers viable dealership opportunities for qualified individuals looking for a rewarding entrepreneurial experience with a leader in the cedar home.
read more...








mighty cabanas & shedspre cut utility "play house" structures and sheds built from solid wood. visit website...





  
 

what's new




pan abode introduces the r-34 energy wall "adv"
in response to our customers desires in more thermally demanding environments and to meet the more stringent code requirements, pan abode introduces another innovative timber wall building system with the most energy performance ability yet.... the phoenix timber energy wall "adv". 

whether its your…				read more






thermal mass effect: why is wood better than other mass materials?
thermal mass refers to materials that have the capacity to store heat (thermal energy).

 if the properties of a thermal mass material allow it to effectively absorb heat from a source and then release the heat slowly over a period of time, then the thermal mass can be effectively used in a structure…				read more






dinosaurs: oregon paleo lands institute
oregon paleo lands institute field center is located in their new field center, designed by pan abode cedar homes, in the town of fossil, at the heart of the john day river area in central oregon. the tributary network of the john day river basin has cut the high desert terrain 
exposing millions of…				read more






how wood products help slow global warming
building green
by: marcel laperriere
pan abode representative - sitka, ak

sorting fact from hype is not always easy. building green is no exception. over the last couple of years i have been doing a fair bit of research on building green both because i think it is the right thing to do and because…				read more






build green! wood & pan abode cedar homes.
natural resources fuel the building industry, and many of the materials used deplete those resources at an accelerating rate. the world is becoming more conscious of how human actions can impact the planet. the best emerging choice is wood, a sustainable resource. with proper management, wood can supply…				read more






new zealand: solid wood home interior comfort and r-value.
40,000 nz home owners were right all along. many people who have lived in solid wood houses comment on how warm and comfortable they are. this is in spite of these houses having walls with a low r value. a group of companies wanting to promote solid wood buildings asked dr larry bellamy of university…				read more




show all articles »

affiliates & members of...



nahb green building program



better business bureau



american institute of building design



national council of building designer certification



western wood products association



trustwave trusted commerce









cedar homes of distinction and quality for over 60 years & counting. beautifying the planet one custom home at a time!
site map | privacy policy | dealerships available worldwide | request a quote | 800-782-2633
copyright ©2025 pan abode cedar homes, all rights reserved






