





























"professional broward county process servers "




broward county florida process 
servers and document retrieval services
 



 


    

    
 


    





     

link to: 

	e-filing manuals & material
broward county process 
servers
 
we serve summonses, 
subpoenas, and other legal process
 

we serve ct corporation system, (plantation, fl), and nrai 
(plantation, fl) 

 
court 
records retrieval 
as well as process service in broward county of florida  

 

all of us at c. 
	zirkle support and thank the men and women of all six branches of the united states 
	military and wish them a speedy and safe return. we also thank the families 
	of those servicemembers (in the united states coast guard, army, navy, marines, 
	air force, and the newly formed space force) for their sacrifice. 

♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦
 
**** 
to skip 
	notes, click here. 
	**** 
 


note: per



	f.s.s. 61.21, 
	as of february 22, 2019, a list of approved parent 
	education and family course providers may be downloaded from
	
	myflfamilies.com/service-programs/child-welfare/stabilization.
 
note: effective june 4, 2018, per f.s.s. 790.401, petitions of risk 
	protection orders are required to be filed in the probate/mental health 
	division. cases filed previously have been changed to probate/mental health 
	case numbers.


 
note: effective september 
	15, 2017, most county court civil cases will be assigned to the courthouse 
	by the zip code of the plaintiff/attorney.

	administrative order 2017-53-co
 
note: the broward county 
	clerk of the court is now brenda d. forman.
 
note: as of january 1, 
	2017, financial institutions, such as banks, etc., may designate with the 
	secretary of state a registered agent or "place" for service of all process. 
	in addition to other changes. see 
	
	f.s.s. 655.0201.
 
note: as of july 1, 2016, 
	when the only address discoverable by public records is a virtual office, 
	executive office or mini-suite service may be made the same as a private 
	mailbox as provided in
	
	f.s.s. 48.031 (6). 
 
records 
	retrieval note:  

effective january 1, 2012, clerks are prohibited from 
	releasing any court records, official records, and other documents until the 
	confidential information has been redacted. see 

	f.s.s. 119.0714 
	section (2)(e)(1). 
	this may delay the viewing and copying of files.
 

	note: per the supreme court of florida administrative order no.
	aosc13-7, item 2 
e-filing is 
	mandatory for all attorneys."
 

note: for information about electronic 
	filing (e-filing) new florida cases, see
	
	rules of judicial administration 2.525 (scroll down to rule 
	2.525)(scroll down to page 113).
 

note: 17th judicial circuit in and for 
	broward county, florida changed the
	
	residential eviction summons form. (the clerk of the court charges a fee 
	for this form)
 

note: effective july 1, 2010, changes 
	were made to the community association statutes. among these changes are 
	provisions that a community association, for condominium associations
	
	f.s.s. 718.116 (11) and homeowners' associations
	
	f.s.s. 720.3085 (8), if the property is occupied by a tenant, may demand that the tenant pay their rent to the association 
	toward the future monetary obligation owed by the owner to the association.
 

note: the supreme court of florida, in 
	decision
sc08-1141 page 14, has ruled that the amendments 
	to
	form 1.997 (civil cover sheet with instructions) and new form

	12.928 (family court cover sheet) 
became effective january 1, 2010. 
	also,
	
	form 12.900 (h), notice of related cases is required for all family law 
	cases.
 




♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦

 







c. zirkle, located in fort lauderdale, florida, has 
		served legal process for their clients since 1987 as broward county 
		process servers. with over 65 years of combined experience, owners 
		carolyn and charles "chuck" zirkle provide the personal and thorough 
		management their clients require for expedient service of their clients' 
		documents.


 



c. zirkle's duly appointed and authorized process 
		servers professionally serve legal process in broward 



county (fort lauderdale) florida. for a list of cities in 
		their service area, click on "local" 
		cities or 
		the link above.  


 



to see what county other florida cities are in, go to 
		the florida 
		city to county (short) link, 
		or the florida 
		city to county (long) link 
		in this sentence or the links above.


 



c. zirkle enters all papers received into a central 
		database for ease of tracking and client service. c. zirkle 



generates a letter-size return of service (ros) for all 
		process received that meets the florida statutory requirements. 


 



the professionals at c. zirkle operate within the 
		state statutes, rules of procedure, and other regulations. therefore, 
		assuring proper and legal service of your documents. 


 



appointed in broward county as a special process 
		server, we are legally authorized to serve summonses, orders, writs 
		of garnishment, subpoenas, etc., within the county (judicial circuit). 


 



note:  unless 
		otherwise instructed, we serve all legal processes per florida 
		statutes and rules. including the substitute service laws and rules.


 



as you can see above by the notes area, we keep our 
		website up to date on changes in the florida state statutes and rules 
		that affect legal documents (legal process).


 



routine service in the broward county area is attempted 
		within four (4) business days. priority and rush services are also 
		available. note: service on sunday is prohibited by florida 
		state statute 48.20.


 



beware of companies that claim they serve 27/7. they may 
		be in violation of florida state statute 48.20. if a process is served 
		on a sunday, it could jeopardize your entire case.


 



we serve ct corporate systems (plantation, fl) and nrai 
		(plantation, fl)


 



note: nrai (national registered agents, inc.) is now 
		accepting service at 1200 south pine island road, plantation, fl 33324.


 



in addition to being your broward county florida legal 
		process server, c. zirkle can handle your court document retrieval 
		needs. 


 



service to ct corporate systems (plantation, fl) and nrai 
		(plantation, fl) may be made the next service day after we receive the 
		documents without additional rush or priority fee.*


 



evictions are served/posted the next service day after we 
		receive the documents without additional rush or priority fee.*


 



* if received before 3:00 pm eastern time monday - 
		friday.



  



note:  unless otherwise 
		instructed, we serve all legal processes per florida statutes 



and rules. including the substitute service laws and 
		rules.


 



**** be sure to check our links page for links to various 
		information and database websites. ****
 
 





use c. zirkle
 for your service needs. 
to get prompt, efficient service.
to ensure timely receipt of affidavits.
for your court document retrieval needs,
c. zirkle
is experienced, reliable, and professional.



♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦





for information or questions, contact us by e-mail at office@weservem.com.

only send documents for service to 
	 

docs@weservem(dot)com.

telephone us, 9:00 am – 5:00 pm et 
	monday through friday (except court holidays)

(754) 422-9788

**** please note our new address ****

c. zirkle
	3408 nw 68th court
	fort lauderdale, fl 33309
 

♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦

be sure to visit our 
			 links page

♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦
we track your 
	legal documents using process server's 
	toolbox. 

 


if you have any questions, suggestions, 
or comments, e-mail us at
office@weservem.com.


  



e-mail us    
links   

"local" cities   
florida city to county (short)    
florida city to county (long)

 

 

 

 

  

 

 37
 

                   
 
 

