




compare 2025's best va lenders and learn about the va loan











































skip to content



            icb solutions, a division of neighbors bank: not affiliated or endorsed by the dept. of veterans affairs or any govt. agency. nmls #491986. not available in ny. legal







            valoans.com is a icb solutions network website
        


                valoans.com is a product of icb solutions, a division of neighbors bank. icb solutions partners with a private company, mortgage research center, llc (nmls #1907), that provides mortgage information and connects homebuyers with lenders. neither valoans.com, mortgage research center nor icb solutions are endorsed by, sponsored by or affiliated with the dept. of veterans affairs or any other government agency. icb solutions and mortgage research center receive compensation for providing marketing services to a select group of companies involved in helping consumers find, buy or refinance homes. if you submit your information on this site, one or more of these companies will contact you with additional information regarding your request. for a full list of these companies click here. by submitting your information you agree mortgage research center can provide your information to one of these companies, who will then contact you. neither mortgage research center nor icb solutions guarantees that you will be eligible for a loan through the va loan program. valoans.com will not charge, seek or accept fees of any kind from you. mortgage products are not offered directly on the valoans.com website and if you are connected to a lender through valoans.com, specific terms and conditions from that lender will apply.
            


            icb solutions | nmls # 491986 (www.nmlsconsumeraccess.org)
        
close modal 









valoans.com



va home loans


va refinancing


va eligibility


tools & calculators


va loan articles



          compare lenders →



 
                        compare va lenders. buy smarter.


                        get the best deal on a va home loan comparing the nation's most trusted lenders side-by-side.
                    

                        compare top 10 va lenders →
                    


 




            featured articles
        



va loan qualification






how to apply for a va loan
to apply for a va loan, first look for a lender that specializes in this benefit program. 



va appraisals






how long is the va appraisal good for?
one of the most common questions we receive about the va appraisal pertains to the expiration date and appraisal reuse.



va refinances






va irrrl and cash-out refinance occupancy guidelines



loan program basics






va loan title restrictions



property requirements






about va mpr appraisal waivers



acceptable va loan uses






va loan rules for land purchases
it's easy to forget that a house in the suburbs is not the only option a first-time homebuyer has with a va home loan. learn what other land purchases a va loan can buy.



view all articles →










                            tools
                        

                            we've created these handy tools to help guide you through the va loan process.
                        


how much can i afford?


how much are my va loan payments?


va loan limits


see all calculators →







                            va loan guides
                        

                            learn everything you need to know about va home loans.
                        


overview of va home loans


guide to va refinancing


va loan eligibility requirements


va mortgage homebuying process







 


                find & compare lenders
            

                get a va home loan quote from the nation's most trusted lenders.
            
find a lender →






"close modal"

            valoans.com advertiser information
            

                powered by icb solutions. by using, you will be connected with participating members of the icb solutions network who may contact you with information related to home buying and financing. these members typically have paid to be included but are not endorsed by icb solutions, llc or this site. icb solutions is a mortgage licensee - nmls id #491986 (www.nmlsconsumeraccess.org).
            

privacy policy  | terms of use | licensing information









            how this works
        

who is displayed? the mrc network lenders (all of whom could be seen here) who appear are displayed based on information you provided, availability of our network lenders, and their geographic proximity to you. mrc displays any local lenders available in its network first; a local lender is a lender located in the property state you selected. if no local lenders are available, a regional lender will be displayed; a regional lender is a lender who operates in the property state you selected and up to twenty-five surrounding states. finally, if no local or regional lenders are available, a national lender will be displayed; a national lender operates in all twenty-six states or more. if you’d like to see an alternate lender other than the lender(s) displayed, click on the “choose a different lender” option or return to our form on another occasion.        

how is mrc paid? lenders pay mrc to be displayed. payment does not affect how prominently or how often a lender is displayed. mrc’s network does not include all lenders or loan products available in the marketplace. mrc does not endorse any lender. the choice of a lender is an important one and should not be based on advertising alone.
        

close modal 











va loan articles


co-borrowers and va loans


reusing benefits


loan program basics


occupancy requirements


va appraisals


va loan eligibility


property requirements


acceptable va loan uses


va loan costs and fees


va loan qualification


va refinances


all va loan articles








va tools & resources


va affordability calculator


va mortgage calculator


va loan limits








about va loans


va loan benefits


va loan uses


the va loan process: steps from preapproval to closing


va loan rates


va construction loans


va manufactured home loans


va home loan closing costs


va jumbo loans








valoans.com


about us


contact us








                copyright © 2025 icb solutions. all rights reserved. valoans.com is not affiliated with or endorsed by the department of veterans affairs or any government agency. visitors with questions regarding our licensing may visit the nationwide mortgage licensing system & directory for more information.
            

privacy
                  |  disclaimer
                  |  terms
                  |  site map  |  
                
1801 westfall drive,
                    columbia,
                    mo
65202.
                
                | icb solutions, a division of neighbors bank. equal housing lender member fdic. nmls #491986
                (www.nmlsconsumeraccess.org)
                | not available in ny.

 




1






















