


 date calculator 






 




















 contact us 


 aus | 
			    
	
		usa  | 
	
	
		uk | 
		
	
		eu | 	
		
	
		nz |
		
	
		can  
		 
		
		
		








 

home > software > 





ultimate date calculator








ultimate date calculator
  







independent reviewers around the world, such as these, have given ultimate date calculator their highest rating. here are some of the awards - what more proof do you need?


5stars & editor's choice award -freetrialsoft, 
acidfiles - 5 stars excellent,
5 cows - tucows,
5 stars - filetransit, 
5 stars - sofotex,  
5 stars - topshareware, 
5 stars - pcworlddownload, 
5 stars - brothersoft, 
5 stars - shareup, 
5 stars - 5stars tools, 
5 stars - download32, 
softpedia - top award, 
softdll - 5 stars, 
softplatz - 5/5 "perfect", 
5 stars - sharewarepost,
programjunction,
daolnwod,
5 stars - coredownload,
5 stars - download 3k,
5 stars - efreedown.com,
5 stars - sharewarepost,
simpleshareware,
ivertech,
efreedown


the ultimate date calculator is a heavy-duty date calculator for business, 
government & professional use. 

 ultimate date calculator lets you 

calculate interval between two or more dates with option to skip defined days
add/subtract days/months/years from a date.
create chronologies of events, including across multiple time zones 
create a schedule of recurring dates (e.g. pay and loan repayments)
calculate plans & schedules with reusable templates. 
pro-rata accounts automatically.
consult a perpetual calendar of dates,
perform julian date conversions
produce reports that are suitable for professional use.

please note! if you are just looking for a pregnancy due date calculator, then you are welcome to use our complimentary pregnancy due date calculator.
how can you use ultimate date calculator?
calculate interval between two or more date.
calculate the number of days weeks and years between two dates and store the results. you are given the flexibility of controlling whether the first date and/or the final date should be included in the calculation. 
calculate the days/weeks/years between multiple dates and events.
calculate the number of days, weeks and years between a series of events and store the results. dates are automatically sorted into chronological order. you can optionally enter a description for each event, and print a final report.
use ultimate date calculator to calculate the time since/until any date or event.
optionally calculate and display the days, weeks, years, time until the next date event, and total the time since a date event.
use ultimate date calculator to calculate a person's age at each event.
optionally enter a person's date of birth and calculate and display their age at the time of each event.
add/subtract days/months/years from a date.
use the add/subtract buttons to add or subtract an exact number of days/months/years relative to a base date.
create chronologies of events, including across multiple time zones
sort events into date/time order to calculate and print a detailed chronology of dates and events. you can even collate dates and times which cross different time zones, producing an integrated timeline!.
create a schedule of recurring dates.
calculate a calendar of recurring dates such as pay-days, loan repayment dates, electricity due dates or any other recurring calendar dates. specify the number of days, weeks, months or years to calculate between each date event. you can decide whether to calculate (find) all the matching dates within a date-span (e.g. all pay-days in 2002) or to find a specific number of repeated dates (e.g. 12 x monthly loan repayments).
consult a perpetual calendar to display a calendar for any date.
using the perpetual calendar you can display a calendar for any date of any year. 
ultimate date calculator lets you customise your reports. 
you have total control over the way individual dates are 
printed - you can say that a date is "approximate", "unknown" etc as well as 
printing the date in various formats e.g. "12/12/2002" or "thursday, 12 december 
2002" etc.
use ultimate date calculator to document your calculations.
record notes about your calculations. this means you can store date calculations, chronology etc as well as relevant information in the same file. rich text format allows you to format the notes using different fonts. 
save and print your calculations and the events in a chronology.
save your date calculations so that you can refer to/change them later. print your date calculations and chronology events in an easy to read report.

what can i do to find out more?

download a trial version of ultimate date calculator today.
find out how to purchase ultimate date calculator
find out how to volume pricing
got a question? look at the frequently asked questions
still haven't got the information you want? contact        us

other links
math resources - directory of math related websites.





software 
calin professional v7 (australian edition) interest calculator for professionals and commerce calin basic edition v4 - lawyer's interest calculator supersolver - superannuation valuation software ultimate date calculator
services
family law superannuation valuations
areas of practice
family law family law superannuation litigation general practice
complimentary web calculators
download centre
purchase software
frequently asked questions
contact us

    
  



quicklinks
purchase
download trial
version history
frequently asked questions
print this page

    
  
   

resources s
onlne user manual
online date calculator
s


current version


version:
2.9.0


released:
mar 27, 2018


available:
download







home
    | 
   purchase
    | 
   privacy policy
    | 
   frequently asked questions






  

  the contents of this webpage are copyright © 2000 - 2025 lawtech (aust.) pty. ltd. abn 76 070 802 121    all rights reserved.
  htk/htk 

related sites:
 lawtech datecalculator



