



jmw auction gallery, hudson valley auctioneer, ulster county auctioneer













 



















 






 





most of our upcoming auctions will be conducted via online, absentee, and limited phone bidding. please call us in advance to arrange phone bidding. 
            the auction gallery will be closed the day of the sale. 

            previews during scheduled hours only. 

for appointments and question  please call  845-389-1933.


register to
              bid now!

absentee bids       






 


jmw auction service has been the hudson valley auction expert for over 35 years. this is our only business, and one we take very seriously. we offer  the most professional services for estate and business liquidations. our dedication to our trade ensures a consistent variety of top quality merchandise. our personal service to buyers and sellers alike makes doing business a pleasure.



 antiques
fine arts 
 collectibles 
 ephemera 
 local and regional  
 furniture
 toys 
 decorative arts


 we buy full estates and single
                items 
 we will conduct an auction or tag sale at
              your site or ours 
 we buy outright or sell on consignment 
 we are very willing to travel
 we ship across town, cross country,
              or around the world 
 we research history whenever
              possible
 we research family provenance
              when it's relevant
 we care about every client and
              it shows!













 








one owner asian &
            related estate auction
            friday, march 7th





 


view results from our previous auction...








winter 2025 auction
friday, january 24th





 


if you need  an auctioneer in the hudson valley or an auction service in new york
state or anywhere in the us, please call on jmw. 
thanks for visiting our website, and we look forward
to doing business with you! 


 


©1999-2021, a net prophet website
    jmw auction gallery is not responsible for errors or omissions on this site 




