






midlife club: about






































midlife club






abouthis midlife crisis!
















how the women of the midlife club dealt with their husbands' adultery and other midlife issues.

it isn't just men who have major issues at middle age. these husbands were searching for answers after their wives' midlife issues tore their marriages apart.

journaling through his midlife crisis: redefining your life as he reinvents his - a journaling tool for women.

what causes a husband or wife to cheat? can a marriage survive adultery? stories from betrayers, betrayed and the other man or woman.

















about


there are numerous things that money can buy but there is no amount of money that can buy any one of us more time on this earth. regardless of who we are or how affluent we are, billionaires or paupers, the “time” given to rich and poor is not negotiable.
at middle age, starting around 40, the reality of time running out, as evidenced by physical aging, the onset of serious illnesses and even the death of family and friends, can start both men and women on a frenetic journey of self-discovery and re-evaluation of their life’s goals.
at midlife, many people try to “make right” what they perceive to be wrong in their lives. it is the time of “correction” before they’re too old to have a choice, too old to care. it is a journey sometimes called a “midlife transition” but more often referred to as a “midlife crisis.”
the midlife club originally began as a place of support for women whose husbands were having a midlife crisis and it was known as the midlife wives club. it didn’t take long before men discovered the site and joined the club prompting a name change to the midlife club. members of the midlife club have included men and women in crisis as well as men and women dealing with the crisis of a significant other.
along with the support came great wisdom as men and women discovered their inner strengths while dealing with crisis issues. it is that wisdom that inspired the book how to survive your husband’s midlife crisis published by perigee in 2003 and republished in 2011 by home & leisure publishing, inc.
understanding why a person “suddenly” changes, learning not to take their actions personally, and finding forgiveness for their actions, are all part of surviving a spouse’s midlife transition. while we often say someone is having a midlife crisis, it’s more likely that their transition is causing a crisis for those who love them.
if you have found this site while searching for information about midlife crisis, you’re in the right place. we’ve assembled a selection of articles dealing with all aspects of midlife relationships and links to useful sites.
if you’re a woman dealing with your husband’s middle age issues or a man in crisis, be sure to read: his midlife crisis! we’re often asked if we have a similar article regarding her midlife crisis and, to date, the response is that we have several articles focusing on women’s issues at midlife.
note: while midlife crisis may involve cheating, cheating does not always mean a person is having a midlife crisis. midlife = middle age. period. if he’s 28 and cheating, he’s not having a midlife crisis. if he’s 68 and cheating, he’s not having a midlife crisis. if he’s middle-aged and has been a cheater for years, he’s a middle-aged cheater. if he’s middle-aged and cheating for the first time, maybe his cheating is related to midlife issues.
welcome to the club… hold on tight, you’re in for a bumpy ride!





















disclosure
        






some of the links in this site are affiliate links. this means if you click on the link and purchase the item, i will receive an affiliate commission at no extra cost to you. all opinions remain my own.










categories
        







crisis or transition?

her crisis

his crisis

midlife affairs

midlife divorce

q&a

relationships

sexual issues

survivor wisdom























contact us | terms of use | privacy policy
    copyright © home & leisure publishing, inc. all rights reserved.keywords: midlife crisis, male midlife crisis, men midlife crisis, midlife crisis women, midlife crisis symptoms, the midlife crisis, mid life crisis, male midlife crisis, my midlife crisis, midlife club, midlife club forum













