













office of the professions | office of the professions









      skip to main content
    


the new york state education department (“sed”) office of the professions (“op”) is alerting everyone to a vishing scam that has been brought to our attention. phishing—or “vishing”—scams impersonate sed employees or websites attempting to collect licensure and personal information from the licensee. if you receive an inquiry which you believe to be suspicious do not provide any information. to verify if the inquiry was from op, contact us directly. you may report any suspicious communication received to the federal trade commission.






          nysed homepage
          





select languageenglishafrikaansalbanianarabicarmenianazerbaijanibasquebelarusianbengalibosnianbulgariancatalancebuanochinese (simplified)chinese (traditional)croatianczechdanishdutchesperantoestonianfilipinofinnishfrenchgaliciangeorgiangermangreekgujaratihaitian creolehausahebrewhindihmonghungarianicelandicigboindonesianirishitalianjapanesejavanesekannadakhmerkoreanlaolatinlatvianlithuanianmacedonianmalaymaltesemaorimarathimongoliannepalinorwegianpersianpolishportuguesepunjabiromanianrussianserbianslovaksloveniansomalispanishswahiliswedishtamilteluguthaiturkishukrainianurduvietnamesewelshyiddishyorubazulu



disclaimer



          contact us
          



          nysed employment
          



board members only

















search







search
search this website













linked in
visit us on linked in!









facebook
visit us on facebook!









twitter
visit us on twitter!
















how do i...?


verifications & certifications


professions


renew a registration


state boards


corporate entities


professional education


career path


enforcement


covid-19


professional assistance program








 













      office of the professions
  

in 1891, medicine became the first profession licensed by the new york state board of regents.


learn more















advisory notices: for recent news and alerts please visit our advisory notice page










      apply for licensure
  


image
 








information about requirements for licensure


apply






      verify a license
  


image
 








online verification of new york state licensees


verify






      renew a registration
  


image
 








re-register a new york state license


renew






      laws, rules & regulations
  


image
 








education laws, rules of the board of regents, and regulations of the commissioner of education

learn more










      how do i...?
  












      faqs ?
  












      board meetings
  


























      training & continuing education
  














      waiver entities
  

















 laws & regulations | about op | contact | forms | q&a | ifb & rfp | site feedback
 university of the state of new york - new york state education department
diversity & access | contact nysed | index a - z | terms of use | accessibility















