



 



porcelain baby shoe and booties keepsake | treasured baby steps



































































tel: 1.913.645.4692     |     email: kathy@treasuredbabysteps.com     |     



home
products
testimonials
policies
about
gift certificates
doctor/midwife
view cart












 
preserve the day
we give you beautiful mementos of unforgettable moments in your baby’s life…
learn more


















creating memories


treasured baby steps, formerly baby keepsakes, gives you beautiful mementos of unforgettable moments in your baby’s life. a porcelain baby shoe and bootie keepsake is a remembrance that both you and your child with cherish. we personalize each delicate shoe with name, weight, length, date and time of your baby’s birth, so the special moment is memorialized forever. each item is handcrafted from beautiful bisque bone china, so it maintains its pure white shine for a lifetime.
treasured baby steps carries on the love and care that baby keepsakes put into each item. whether you are giving a gift or you are looking for a gorgeous and unique keepsake to mark this very special day, we make each porcelain baby shoe as delicate and beautiful as your new addition to your family…
 



learn more











personalisedgifts


shop now

















make that special day last forever.








classic bisque porcelain shoe
this classic baby bootie is handcrafted in heirloom quality bisque bone china. each bootie is individually hand made and personalized for the new mother and her baby personalized details includes baby's full name, weight, length, time of birth and date of birth. personal messages can most certainly be added the shoe for that extra special…

more









sneaker shoe
your keepsake is handcrafted in heirloom quality bisque bone china. each sneaker is individually personalized for the new mother and her baby. it comes in pink or blue and a choice of icons for the side. personalization includes baby's full name, date of birth, length, weight and time. personalization details are written in china paint…

more









bootie
your keepsake is handcrafted in heirloom quality bisque bone china with a shiny glazed finish. each sneaker is individually personalized for the new mother and her baby. it comes in pink or blue flowers. personalization can be hand written in black china paint or 24k gold. personalization includes baby's full name, date of birth, length,…

more









delft blue porcelain nursery plate
this plate is like the delft blue styled nursery plate my mom received from the hospital in 1972 when i was born. unlike the other plates on the market today ours has the length of the baby on it along with the day of the week of the birth. personalization includes baby's first name, weight,…

more









porcelain frame
your keepsake is handcrafted in heirloom quality bisque bone china. each frame is individually personalized for the new mother and her baby. it comes in a variety of options for decorations. personalization includes baby's first and middle name and date of birth. personalization details are in china paint and fired in a kiln at 1500…

more















“i loooove it!”


“kathy made my custom order experience stress-free and fun! she responded to my initial inquiry within 24 hours and we were able to quickly develop a game plan together. her suggestions were helpful, and she was delightful to speak with. she did not make my custom request feel like an inconvenience, and her joy for making these sweet little gifts really shined through. she really worked with me, making sure she understood what i wanted and i am so happy with the classic shoe she created. i am so grateful for the ease of my experience with treasured baby steps!”


- jennifer grant



view testimonials





sign up


get thelatest deals&any newproduct additions








sign up



















get in touch!



name*comment here.....*email*

emailthis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.

  










this iframe contains the logic required to handle ajax powered gravity forms.
 



meet the owner


i am a mother to four and grandma to 6 wonderful children.
after the birth of my 3rd daughter in 1999, i received a porcelain baby shoe from my ob dr. i was so excited about the thoughtful gift i could display forever.
i had been looking for something to occupy my time and use my abilities. learning how to make the porcelain shoes was such a great adventure. i have loved every learning step along the way. i love everything about… these baby shoes and other special items…
there is something for any occasion and i hope you enjoy giving or receiving them as much as i have making them.



learn more











© 2025 treasured baby steps. | sitemap



 
 









treasured baby steps
homeproductstestimonialspoliciesaboutgift certificatesdoctor/midwifeview cart 














 
