








home





































































homeaboutabout victory usawhat we believeusa church locationsvci nationsvictory missionsteachingslatest articlesresourceschurch plantingleadership trainingjoin vcusaconnect












about victory usavictory churches of the u.s.a. (vcusa) is part of victory churches international (vci), one of the fastest growing church planting movements in north america. this pioneer, grass roots, apostolic and prophetic movement, with a strong church planting heart, is purpose driven. we are dedicated to reach as many people with the gospel of jesus christ as is possible before his return, fulfilling the great commission. (matthew 28:19, 20)
our motto is simple: we will not just hand out fruit but will plant as many trees as is possible in every nation through the planting of church-planting churches. every tree has a limit to its potential growth, but a forest has no limit to how large it can grow!read moreoperation: educationwe are on a mission to keep christian education, values, and vision  in kenya.  victory churches usa (vcusa) has taken on the lead in supporting and overseeing victory christian school in kisumu, kenya.  we have several upcoming and ongoing projects that include upgrading the school facility, purchasing school equipment, developing the property, as well as sponsoring students to attend the school and contributing towards teacher salaries. our friends at victory children’s school in kisumu are grateful to have your support. view operation education herevictory missionswe will take advantage of every opportunity that we can to reach people, to train them up and to mobilize them and see each person reach their god-given destiny. we want everyone to find a place that they can use their talents and gifts, pursue their passions, and spread the gospel. victory missions offers many opportunities for you to get involved with all around the world.about victory missionsfas fa-quote-leftcelebratingvictory churchesinternationalwatch video












websitehome about teachings join vcusa connect 












homeaboutabout victory usawhat we believeusa church locationsvci nationsvictory missionsteachingslatest articlesresourceschurch plantingleadership trainingjoin vcusaconnect






