









home - gulf beach realty
















































skip to content




saturday, 15th february 2025
about us
contact us
privacy policy
legal disclaimer















 







home
useful resources
be a writer
real estate
realty firms
about us
contact us





  




benefits of the sand: why is living by the beach so grand?

beach front real estatereal estate
nov 01, 2018

 
 





your money’s worth: what can realty firms do for you?
real estaterealty firms
sep 06, 2018


 


before you say yes: what makes a piece of property a good buy?
buyersreal estate
sep 03, 2018


 


sellers basics: two things you should do when you aim to sell your property
real estateselling property
aug 19, 2018


 


buyers choice: why is florida ideal real estate market for uk buyers?
real estateuk buyers
aug 05, 2018


 




 

real estate 

 




benefits of the sand: why is living by the beach so grand?


beach front real estatereal estate nov 01, 2018

you may have noticed that we keep championing beach front real estate! today is the day where we discuss the merits of actively choosing to live by the beach. join gulf beach realty as we dissect this topic further. let’s get started! here are a few very good reasons why it’s good to live near ...

 
 




your money’s worth: what can realty firms do for you?


real estaterealty firms sep 06, 2018






 


before you say yes: what makes a piece of property a good buy?


buyersreal estate sep 03, 2018






 


sellers basics: two things you should do when you aim to sell your property


real estateselling property aug 19, 2018






 


buyers choice: why is florida ideal real estate market for uk buyers?


real estateuk buyers aug 05, 2018






 
 

 


lakefront 

 




how to buy beachfront property


beachfront propertyhomeslakefrontoceanfrontreal estateuncategorized feb 24, 2018


 
 


 


realty firms 

 




your money’s worth: what can realty firms do for you?


real estaterealty firms sep 06, 2018


 
 

 

 

latest posts







home   beach front real estate, real estate  benefits of the sand: why is living by the beach so grand? 

benefits of the sand: why is living by the beach so grand? 
 by gulf beach realty   posted in beach front real estate real estate  posted on november 1, 2018september 6, 2018 


you may have noticed that we keep championing beach front real estate! today is the day where we discuss the merits of actively choosing to live by the beach. join gulf beach realty as we dissect this topic further.
let’s get started!
here are a few very good reasons why it’s good to live near the ocean:
psychological benefits

when it comes to the benefits of living by the sea, the psychological benefits are quite immense. studies have shown that living by the sea helps to calm frayed nerves and to lessen stress brought on by living in the city or densely populated urban areas.
there is a good reason why people tend to go to the beach in order to distress. there is no denying the fact that feelings the sea breeze, squishing the sand between your toes, and hearing the waves crash gently by the shore is an amazingly soothing thing.
social benefits

people tend to congregate by the beach. if you’re a social type of person, living by the beach would be an ideal situation. you’ll never run out of people to meet and you’ll always have something to do.
you can engage the other local beach residents by the local’s best kept secrets or try something new before everyone does. the social possibilities are endless!
so there you have it! what benefits do you see about living by the sea? share your thoughts with us.






home   real estate, realty firms  your money’s worth: what can realty firms do for you? 

your money’s worth: what can realty firms do for you? 
 by gulf beach realty   posted in real estate realty firms  posted on september 6, 2018september 6, 2018 





if you aren’t the type to go searching for property, you can always go the way of a realty firm or company. before you go, you should really know: what can realty firms do for you?
let’s talk about that!
realty firms have a few functions, primarily:
property analysis
if you’re not quite sure if a piece of property fits your budget or your particular specifications (hello, beach front real estate!) you can always consult with a realty firm.
they will have the people who have the skills and the expertise to fully analyze the properties which you are either looking at or are thinking of looking at.
property procurement
once the analysis is done and you’re thinking of really getting the property that you’ve had them analyze, it’s time for them to step in and handle the procurement process.
they will have the necessary people like real estate lawyers that can help sort out the paperwork on your behalf. so all you’ll have to do is pay the appropriate fees and taxes and you’ll be saying hello to your new property.
﻿
so there you have it! beyond this two, there are so many more things that real estate firms or realty firms can actually do for you. which services have you experienced for yourself? which ones are you aiming to try out?






home   buyers, real estate  before you say yes: what makes a piece of property a good buy? 

before you say yes: what makes a piece of property a good buy? 
 by gulf beach realty   posted in buyers real estate  posted on september 3, 2018september 10, 2018 





if you are thinking of looking at different pieces of property, there are certain characteristics that you should be looking at. we’ll be discussing this today so we hope you tune in!
let’s get started!
if you’re thinking of looking for property, here are a few things you should keep an eye out for:
location
when it comes to real estate, location is worth more than gold (not literally, of course). regardless of whether or not you’re aiming to get commercial or residential property, location will always be a big factor to it.
is it easy to get to? is the general weather to your liking? what is the surrounding area like? does it fit your dream of a beach front real estate? these are a few questions that can help you establish how well or how bad the location of the property is.
nearby establishments
this is still true for both residential and commercial properties. if you’re aiming to purchase a residential one, consider if it’s near any public schools or just schools in general. that comes handy if you have a family.
if you’re in for business, consider if there are any direct competitors nearby. viewing the nearby establishments gives you a better sense of whether the property will be a good investment.
so there you have it! we hope that these two characteristics help you determine the viability of a property. what do you look at when looking at property?
image source: gerberproperties.com.au






home   real estate, selling property  sellers basics: two things you should do when you aim to sell your property 

sellers basics: two things you should do when you aim to sell your property 
 by gulf beach realty   posted in real estate selling property  posted on august 19, 2018september 6, 2018 





are you trying to let go of property that you own? saying goodbye to that beach front real estate? if so, there are a few things that you should be doing first. gulf beach realty aims to walk you through that with today’s discussion.
let’s get started!
if you’re planning on disposing your property, here are a couple of things you need to get sorted out first:
fix the papers
if your property doesn’t have the proper deed and title to it, there is no way that your property will ever get sold.
before you get started on your whole selling crusade, you should make sure that the title is clean and that you have all the different necessary paperwork in order to make sure that there will be no speed bumps along the way.
get it appraised
while it would be nice to dictate the price of your property depending on your sentimentality or your love for it, reality is not so nice.
if you are ever going to get your property sold, you need to have a realistic figure attached to it. you can call in a contractor or a realtor to look the property over and give you a price for it. always get a second opinion about it, of course.
﻿
so there you have it! what other things do you think anyone planning on selling their property should do?






home   real estate, uk buyers  buyers choice: why is florida ideal real estate market for uk buyers? 

buyers choice: why is florida ideal real estate market for uk buyers? 
 by gulf beach realty   posted in real estate uk buyers  posted on august 5, 2018september 6, 2018 





in recent years, florida has definitely received an uptick in property buyers both local to the us and those that are foreign. today, we wanted to talk about uk property buyers in particular.
let’s get started!
uk buyers have definitely been in the top percentile of florida property buyers. here are a few reasons why:
beach front property
people from the uk are generally used to rocky beaches. they’ve never really had the opportunity to really enjoy a wide variety of beaches.
florida is a state which has that in spades! there are sandy beaches, beaches for surfing, beaches that may remind them of what’s familiar. beach front real estate is typically a dream for many and uk buyers can make them come true in florida.
weather
the uk is generally known for having cold, windy, and rainy weather. florida gives uk property buyers the chance to enjoy tropical weather for a majority of the year.
this grand contrast to what they have been used to can do wonders for constitutions that have long been pestered by mold and moist areas. a lot of ailments which have been linked to the cold weather of the uk tend to cure itself out due to prolonged exposure to tropical weather and climate.
so there you have it! what other reasons do you think florida has enjoyed an uptick in uk property buyers? we’d love to hear your ideas about this.
image source: realwealthnetwork.com






home   property management, real estate  strings attached: what affiliate partners do realtors often come with? 

strings attached: what affiliate partners do realtors often come with? 
 by gulf beach realty   posted in property management real estate  posted on july 22, 2018september 6, 2018 





when it comes to choosing your realtors, it’s not just the properties that they can show you that you should be looking at. you should also look at who they can connect you to. today, we wanted to talk about the usual affiliate partners that you can expect from really good realtors.
let’s get started!
loan institutions

when you’re looking at property, you do not always necessarily need to have the money for it. while being able to pay lump sum would be ideal, you can always take out a loan for it.
once you have looked over a particular piece of property, your realtor can then connect you to a loan institution. there can be an establishment that’s tied in with a bank or with the company that’s selling the property.
contractors

once you’ve decided on the payment methods and whatnot, your realtor can also connect you with contractors that they can vouch for.
after all, buying property is nice but you still need to make it your own, you know? contractors can help you achieve that. if you’ve got anything you want to change or add, they’re the people that you call for it.
so there you go! these are only a few of who your realtor can actually connect you to. do you know of any other service providers or institutions that realtors should be able to connect you to?






home   real estate, views  looking for property with a canal view? look in these places! 

looking for property with a canal view? look in these places! 
 by gulf beach realty   posted in real estate views  posted on july 8, 2018september 6, 2018 





there are certain pieces of property that really capture the rapt attention of potential buyers. one such piece of property usually has a distinct feature: a canal view. today, we wanted to explore certain places which boast of particularly amazing properties that have that coveted feature.
let’s get started!
amsterdam

is there anything more wonderful that a city which combines amazing views and historic sights? if you’re aiming to purchase a canal view home, why not look in amsterdam?
amsterdam usually is overlooked as people tend to believe that a place which allows most anything would not be a viable place to reside in. those people couldn’t be more wrong. if you’re not quite sold on the idea of purchasing a beach front real estate, it’s a generally good idea to try out a canal view one. try out the view by staying in one of the hotels which boast of amazing canal views.
california

at one point or another, you’ve probably heard about venice canal in california. if you want the view that’s coupled with a homey feel this is one place that you will certainly want to be looking at.
california’s canal views can’t be beat. they generally have smart architectural pieces in this place that allows homeowners to enjoy the view without having to worry about the elements that go with being so close to the water.
so there you go! we hope that you’ll put these two places at the very top of your to-view list when it comes to searching properties with canal views. which ones would you consider looking at?






home   beachfront property, homes, lakefront, oceanfront, real estate, uncategorized  how to buy beachfront property 

how to buy beachfront property 
 by gulf beach realty   posted in beachfront property homes lakefront oceanfront real estate uncategorized  posted on february 24, 2018september 13, 2018 





how to buy beachfront property

beachfront property purchases can be a tricky investment. homeowners spend relatively little time in their beach homes, but a substantial portion of their paychecks on them. because there’s so much uncertainty, ranging from market conditions to eroding beachfront, here are eight tips to think about when investing in that waterfront villa.
1.) changing shorelines
your mortgage is likely to last twenty-five or thirty years; shouldn’t your beach house? beaches are victim to erosion and hurricanes. spend some time researching information on the history of the area to make sure your second home will remain on the good side of the shoreline.
2.) hurricane and flood liability
flood and hurricane insurance is often sold separately from general homeowner’s insurance. if, as was often the case following hurricanes such as katrina, insurance brokers can’t determine if your home was destroyed by wind or water, and you lack one of those insurance policies, it’s likely you won’t be reimbursed. if you’re a condo buyer, make sure to find out whether or not your condo fees cover wind and flood damage.
3.) where is the market heading?
in situations where the local market is down by double digits, you can afford to wait for it to bottom out. in this case, it might be worth renting a beach house for a year or two to avoid a negative-equity situation.
4.) renting your property
it’s unlikely that you’ll spend more than one or two months a year in your beach home. understanding the state of the local rental market is key to how much of a drag your beach home will be on your finances. if you’re looking at buying in a beach community dominated by overbuilding or foreclosure, as with many of the sub-markets in south florida, there is sometimes a glut of unsold homes which are being rented, and rental yields are down as a result. not being able to rent your home ups the overall cost of the investment.
5.) beachfront deals
almost every beach community has investors, speculators and regular buyers who have lost money on their beachfront property. if you’re looking for a deal on a home (or want to get an idea on how low your low-ball offer can go) make sure to check the title and loan status of the home in question through the county assessor’s office. keep in mind that most sellers are unlikely to accept an offer too far below what they paid originally, unless they are in extreme distress.
6.) foreign property
it’s never a good idea to buy into the next speculative bubble, but if you’re looking for a hot sales market, consider areas like mexico, where there are areas like los cabos, which are undergoing real-estate booms. these properties will often give you a lot more space, closer access to beachfront and more amenities than what you can buy in established u.s. markets.
7.) fringe markets
a phenomenon seen during the boom in the urban market, but also in beach markets, was the rush to fringe markets with the idea that they were up-and-coming. since the market has turned in both places, those fringe areas have depreciated quickly. we’re currently in a market where there are very few up-and-coming neighborhoods or beach communities in terms of appreciation, so you should be wary of any broker who promises you as much.
8.) right on the beach is best
if you are looking for the best price appreciation, homes located right on the beach are much more likely to hold their value than cheaper alternatives in the same town or community that are a short distance from the beach. there’s a much more limited quantity of actual beachfront property than there is of homes that are in adjacent areas.
portions of this article originally appeared at forbes.com
 


tags: beach beachfront florida homes mexico property real estate resort homes waterfront


 

 site search

search for:



 follow us

instagram
tumblr
pinterest
medium
ello

 recent posts 




benefits of the sand: why is living by the beach so grand?

nov 01, 2018







your money’s worth: what can realty firms do for you?

sep 06, 2018







before you say yes: what makes a piece of property a good buy?

sep 03, 2018







sellers basics: two things you should do when you aim to sell your property

aug 19, 2018







buyers choice: why is florida ideal real estate market for uk buyers?

aug 05, 2018

 
 

 

subscribe via email
subscribe to our mailing list and get interesting stuff and updates to your email inbox.










						i consent to my submitted data being collected via this form*					










thank you for subscribing.
something went wrong.




 archives

november 2018
september 2018
august 2018
july 2018
february 2018

  broadlyplumbing marketing: 8 ways for plumbers to market themselvesthe best crm solutions for home service businesses: a complete guidethe ultimate guide to automotive reputation management: drive your business forwardunlock the power of ai: how local ai chatbots can transform your businesshome services marketing: 10 proven strategies to grow your business 

 















 
welcome to gulf beach realty! we are here to help you unlock the beach front estate that you have always wanted to have.

 



follow us

instagram
tumblr
pinterest
medium
ello

 




gulf beach realty powered by wordpress | 2012 - 2018 copyright
	theme by		
		mag-themes











