














home





















































account
wishlist

cart
0
















					menu

					shop

					cart (0)

					account





home


leads





0-1 metre leads

1-2 metre leads

over 2 metre leads

stainless steel leads



head halters





haltermate

training halters



collars





specialised collars

stainless steel collars

standard collars

training collars



harnesses





balance harness

dog harness

flyball harness

tracking harness



grooming

treat pouches

more stuff...





vests

clickers

connector straps

doggie extras

human gear

k9 sports gear

new stuff

on sale



vests












 
 


follow us on























shop now
leads






shop now
head halters






shop now
collars






shop now
harnesses






shop now
grooming






shop now
treat pouches





view all








our best selling item




featured


new arrivals


sale






featured products
















balance harness range

			from $39.90




























































car seat belt strap - short/long

			from $22.00













































training halter range

			from $37.75































































balance training pack range -save $$

			from $73.95




























































hands free training belt (incl. adj lead)

			from $57.90




























































not yet rated


beef liver morsels - (100g)

$8.50


















				20% off
rrp $10.65











not yet rated


seafood slices - (100g)

$9.50


















				19% off
rrp $11.75











not yet rated


lamb puff crispies - (60g)

$8.50


















				13% off
rrp $9.80











not yet rated


wheelchair lead - custom

$49.50



























not yet rated


greyhound training halter

$48.75




































our videos

click here







find local stockists
click here











what our customer think


i thought i would give you an update since visiting you a few weeks ago. i purchased 2 infin8 head collars and seat harnesses for my boxer and staffy. you spend so much time with me and i can't thank you enough. i now walk both dogs together every morning and while initially t
oct 2013 - liz b.










dear black dog staff, i just wanted to drop you a quick email - i purchased a balance harness a few weeks ago for our stafford that pulls like a steam train (we have tried normal flat collars & martingale collars previously as well as various training methods). i'm only li
kirby & arby










i recently purchased two of your infin8 halters in a size 3 and 4 for our 10 month old eng staffy x bull arab and our 16 month amstaff x dane and i have to say it is honestly the best buy i have made regarding the dogs besides actually adopting them. our amstaff is a big boy w
casey

















latest news


christmas break





what is ttouch?!





 view all 



















sign up for offers
sign up for our newsletter to receive exclusive offers and discounts! 


























we design and manufacture high quality training gear,all developed on science based training techniques and with the best welfare of our canine friends at heart




information

customers testimonialsbulk orderingabout black dogfind a black dog stockistvideosnews & faqs


customer service

shipping charges infoorder processing and deliveryprivacy policyterms & conditionsguaranteereturns


account

contact usmy accountwholesale registrationorder historywish list











blackdog wear aus pty ltd- © copyright 2025 
                    warning-products have been tested on animals! ...but probably don't contain nuts.
abn:
                    37 651 205 917address: po box 241, lilydale vic 3140






 
do not show me this again







terms & conditions
×


	welcome to our website. if you continue to browse and use this website, you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use, which together with our privacy policy govern blackdog wear aus’s relationship with you in relation to this website. if you disagree with any part of these terms and conditions, please do not use our website.

	the term ‘blackdog wear aus’ or ‘us’ or ‘we’ refers to the owner of the website whose registered office is 1/ 64 cave hill road, lilydale vic 3140. our abn is 37 651 205 917. the term ‘you’ refers to the user or viewer of our website.

	the use of this website is subject to the following terms of use:


		the content of the pages of this website is for your general information and use only. it is subject to change without notice.

		neither we nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on this website for any particular purpose. you acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law.

		your use of any information or materials on this website is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable. it shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information available through this website meet your specific requirements.

		this website contains material which is owned by or licensed to us. this material includes, but is not limited to, the design, layout, look, appearance and graphics. reproduction is prohibited other than in accordance with the copyright notice, which forms part of these terms and conditions.

		all trademarks reproduced in this website, which are not the property of, or licensed to the operator, are acknowledged on the website.

		unauthorised use of this website may give rise to a claim for damages and/or be a criminal offence.

		from time to time, this website may also include links to other websites. these links are provided for your convenience to provide further information. they do not signify that we endorse the website(s). we have no responsibility for the content of the linked website(s).

		your use of this website and any dispute arising out of such use of the website is subject to the laws of australia.

close








privacy policy
×


privacy policy - blackdog wear aus pty ltd
- melbourne australia.
blackdog wear's reason for existance is to design and manufacture great products which improve the life/bond between humans and dogs, to do this we have decided to sell this gear, instead of give it away - this way we can afford to live and employ great people to help make black dog gear.
in order for us to send your purchased goods, collect payment, and communicate with you if anything in that process changes or needs to be clarified, we need to collect your contact and payment information.
now for the official business end of this policy..
privacy policy
we are committed to providing quality services to you and this policy outlines our ongoing obligations to you in respect of how we manage your personal information.
we have adopted the australian privacy principles (apps) contained in the privacy act 1988 (cth) (the privacy act). the npps govern the way in which we collect, use, disclose, store, secure and dispose of your personal information.
a copy of the australian privacy principles may be obtained from the website of the office of the australian information commissioner at www.aoic.gov.au
what is personal information and why do we collect it?
personal information is information or an opinion that identifies an individual. examples of personal information we collect include: names, addresses, email addresses, phone and facsimile numbers.
this personal information is obtained in many ways including correspondence by telephone and facsimile, by email, via our website www.blackdog.net.au from your website, from media and publications, from other publicly available sources, from cookies and from third parties. we don’t guarantee website links or policy of authorised third parties.
we collect your personal information for the primary purpose of providing our services to you, providing information to our clients and marketing. we may also use your personal information for secondary purposes closely related to the primary purpose, in circumstances where you would reasonably expect such use or disclosure. you may unsubscribe from our mailing/marketing lists at any time by contacting us in writing.
when we collect personal information we will, where appropriate and where possible, explain to you why we are collecting the information and how we plan to use it.
sensitive information
sensitive information is defined in the privacy act to include information or opinion about such things as an individual's racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, membership of a political association, religious or philosophical beliefs, membership of a trade union or other professional body, criminal record or health information.
sensitive information will be used by us only:
•           for the primary purpose for which it was obtained
•           for a secondary purpose that is directly related to the primary purpose
•           with your consent; or where required or authorised by law.
third parties
where reasonable and practicable to do so, we will collect your personal information only from you. however, in some circumstances we may be provided with information by third parties. in such a case we will take reasonable steps to ensure that you are made aware of the information provided to us by the third party.
disclosure of personal information
your personal information may be disclosed in a number of circumstances including the following:
•           third parties where you consent to the use or disclosure; and
•           where required or authorised by law.
security of personal information
your personal information is stored in a manner that reasonably protects it from misuse and loss and from unauthorised access, modification or disclosure.
when your personal information is no longer needed for the purpose for which it was obtained, we will take reasonable steps to destroy or permanently de-identify your personal information. however, most of the personal information is or will be stored in client files which will be kept by us for a minimum of 7 years.
access to your personal information
you may access the personal information we hold about you and to update and/or correct it, subject to certain exceptions. if you wish to access your personal information, please contact us in writing.
we will not charge any fee for your access request, but may charge an administrative fee for providing a copy of your personal information.
in order to protect your personal information we may require identification from you before releasing the requested information.
maintaining the quality of your personal information
it is an important to us that your personal information is up to date. we will take reasonable steps to make sure that your personal information is accurate, complete and up-to-date. if you find that the information we have is not up to date or is inaccurate, please advise us as soon as practicable so we can update our records and ensure we can continue to provide quality services to you.
policy updates
this policy may change from time to time and is available on our website.
privacy policy complaints and enquiries
if you have any queries or complaints about our privacy policy please contact us at:
1/64 cave hill road, lilydale vic 3140
info@blackdogwear.com.au
03 9735 9371
 


close












       enter quantity :


close
save changes




























