







the caddy edge








































































































        home
      

            models
          

            reviews
          

              gallery
            

            archive
          






















































































homemodelsreviewsgalleryarchive


















 















meet the 2025 cadillac escalade iq

built on gm’s evolving ultium platform, the new big suv will have a double-layer, 200kwh battery pack similar to that used in the gmc hummer truck and suv. the escalade will have standard all-wheel drive through dual electric motors (one up front and one out back) for a combined maximum of…

read more



celestiq, escalade, ev, lyriq, technology, ultium, escalade iqscott kissingeraugust 19, 2024








escalade iq teased again

today, cadillac dropped a video teaser to announce when we will get to see the all-electric escalade.

read more



escalade, evscott kissingerjune 20, 2023








cadillac's electric strategy - what do we know?

cadillac announced that it would become an all-electric brand by 2030 and confirmed that no new gas-powered models were under development.

read more



celestiq, ev, technology, lyriq, vistiq, lumistiq, ascendiq, symboliq, optiq, commentary, features, rumored modelsscott kissingerjune 19, 2023








as expected - cadillac announces all-electric escalade iq

we have been working for some time on a piece where we talk about cadillac’s all-electric future. as part of this, we ran across trademarks the brand has for vehicles that fit into the -iq naming convention previewed with the lyriq and celestiq.

read more



celestiq, escalade, ev, lyriq, ultium, technologyscott kissingermay 23, 2023








refreshed cadillac xt4 - a stronger family resemblance inside and out

quick…picture the cadillac xt4…are you sure?we follow such things and the smallest of cadillac crossovers only leaves us with a vague sense of a fast roofline and a distinct cadillac grille and light signature front and rear.but, to be honest, the overall look is very cadillac without being memorable.

read more



design, escalade, lyriq, xt4scott kissingerapril 11, 2023








the last and best gas powered cadillacs ever - ct4-v and ct5-v blackwing

it isn’t a surprise to fans of the cadillac brand, but they are making some of the best sports sedans on the market.

read more



blackwing, ct4, ct5, v-series, cts, ats, v-sportscott kissingerdecember 28, 2022








cadillac celestiq - powertrain and suspension

it has been a while since we’ve talked about the upcoming cadillac flagship, the celestiq.we’ve talked about the shopping experience as well as the engineering.but, under all the fancy styling and bespoke interior and exterior styling and features is gm’s ultium platform’s suspension, battery, and motors.

read more



blackwing, celestiq, ev, features, technology, ultium, v-seriesscott kissingerdecember 25, 2022








what can cadillacs do? - fuel economy

while we wait for cadillac’s conversion to their all-electric fleet…it is worth considering how efficient the current cars and suvs are.

read more



blackwing, ct4, ct5, escalade, ev, lyriq, models, v-series, xt4, xt5, xt6scott kissingernovember 15, 2022








caddyedge news - reviews are back!

in 2007, the caddy edge wrote the first review of a new cadillac product - the 2nd generation cts.

read more



srx, reviews, out of production, models, lyriq, ev, cts, escalade, v-seriesscott kissingernovember 1, 2022





older












 



colorado,
usa




aboutcontact us







































powered by squarespace

 







