



ifishtv | ifish | paul worsteling










































                ifish host paul worsteling says the shows philosophy is simple:
                fishing, family and fun, and that is what he aims to deliver in
                every single episode. ifish travels to all corners of australia
                and the globe in search of the ultimate angling experience. from
                adrenalin-fueled fishing action in the wilds of alaska to a
                quiet meandering stream in tasmania.

                paul, his wife cristy and son jet reef present a program of ever
                changing backdrops, diverse fishing styles, amazing fish species
                and all the while sharing stories of beautiful places, fishing
                and, of course, people.
              













this sunday on ifishtv
target: mudcrabs darwin, nt

                sunday 19th january, 2025
                on ten bold
                sydney/melbourne: 4pm,
                brisbane: 3pm,
                adelaide: 3:30pm,
                perth: 1:30pm
              










                brace yourself for excitement plus as we target massive darwin
                harbour mubcrabs with local guru helen clark
              














































                ifishtv instagram
              




   instagram widget   









                our sponsors
              









bcf australia
www.bcf.com.au


                  bcf is australia's number one outdoor store and have all
                  the boating, camping, and fishing gear you need to make your
                  next outdoor adventure a cracker. with a huge variety of
                  brands, bcf is your one stop shop for outdoor fun.
                

find out more







steeline
www.steeline.com.au


                  with over 50 independently owned locations across australia,
                  steeline is a leading manufacturer and distributor of high
                  quality steel products for all building projects.
                

find out more







shimano
www.shimanofish.com.au


                  founded in the early 1920's by shozaburo shimano, shimano
                  started off as a company known for precision engineering.
                  today the company is regarded as one of the forerunners in
                  product innovation and a leader in the industry.
                

find out more











suzuki marine
www.marine.suzuki.com.au


                  the ultimate outboard motor. discover suzuki's industry
                  leading technology and innovation in its world-class 4-stroke
                  outboards.
                

find out more







extreme boats
www.extremeboats.co.nz


                  where innovation, build integrity and performance all meet to
                  create new zealands most awarded aluminium boats.
                

find out more







rapala
www.rapala.com.au


                  the world's largest manufacturer of fishing lures.
                  rapala lures for plenty of fish catching action.
                

find out more











jarvis walker - watersnake
www.jarviswalker.com.au


                  australia's own jarvis marine watersnake electric trolling
                  motors have had a huge impact on the australian boating
                  market. watersnake electric motors, both fresh and saltwater
                  models, offer consumers more power and reliability for fewer
                  dollars.
                

find out more







gamakatsu
www.gamakatsu.com.au


                  gamakatsu, producing fish hooks since 1955, famous worldwide
                  and leaders in fishing hook manufacture.
                

find out more







fins
www.jmgillies.com.au


                  j.m.gilies agencies has grown to become one of the premier
                  fishing tackle suppliers in australia today. with over 80
                  years of service to the fishing tackle industry, j.m.gillies
                  agencies continues to offer the highest quality, innovative
                  and most sought after brands
                

find out more











spotters sunglasses
www.spotters.com.au


                  spotter's premium polarised sunglasses are australian born
                  and bred.
                

                  from the initial conception spotters wanted to develop only
                  the finest superior quality product made right here in
                  australia for our harsh australian conditions.
                

find out more







lowrance
www.lowrance.com/en-au


                  the world’s best fishfinding electronics, helping
                  anglers find and catch more fish.
                

find out more







gfab trailers
www.gfab.co.nz


                  innovative aluminum fabrication, new builds and repairs. the
                  trailer that won't let you down.
                

find out more











huk gear
www.hukgear.com


                  discover the most innovative performance fishing apparel and
                  clothing at huk gear.
                

find out more







blusky products
www.bluskyproducts.com.au


                  blusky products distributes australia wide high quality marine
                  and external products for flooring, lining and upholstery
                  applications.
                

find out more







seamaster gold
www.supercharge.com.au


                  maintenance-free marine battery with superior starting power
                  and reserve capacity. for heavy duty marine use.
                

find out more











hook'em
www.hookem.com.au


                  australian manufactures and suppliers of quality marine grade
                  fishing products, accessories and terminal tackle.
                

find out more







yeti
www.yeti.com


                  yeti make gear that helps you stay out longer, travel farther,
                  and live harder.
                

find out more







bla
wwww.bla.com.au


                  bla is australasia’s largest wholesale distributer of
                  internationally respected boating, lifestyle and adventure
                  products.
                

find out more















© copyright 2025 - ifish productions pty ltd























