





olympic coast national marine sanctuary













skip to main content


toggle navigation





toggle search


 olympic coast national marine sanctuary













visit 

overview
things to do
discovery center
featured places
weather and tides
regional tourism organizations
special events



explore 

overview
history & culture
shipwrecks
environment
marine life



science 

overview
habitats
sound
ocean conditions
oceanographic moorings
marine wildlife research & monitoring
seafloor mapping
research vessels
citizen science



protect 

overview
management
permits
wildlife
habitat
water quality
incident response
ocean acidification
marine debris prevention
invasive species management



learn 

overview
teachers
students
b-wet



get involved

overview
advisory council
volunteer


gallery
library

about 

overview
staff
facilities
contact us













olympic coast national marine sanctuary







atlas map showing the location and boundary of olympic coast national marine sanctuary

olympic coast national marine sanctuary is one of the nation's most treasured ocean areas, and home to a rich abundance of marine mammals, seabirds, fish, and thriving invertebrate communities.
the area occupies a maritime cultural landscape that has supported humans since time immemorial. the contemporary cultures of four coastal tribes - hoh tribe, makah tribe, quileute tribe, and quinault indian nation - have forged inseparable ties to the ocean environment, maintaining traditions of the past while they navigate the challenges of the present. 
additionally, there are approximately two hundred historical shipwrecks reported in the vicinity of the sanctuary that mark the history of maritime shipping along the olympic coast.


sanctuary news



read



noaa awards inflation reduction act funding to support new marine discovery center in port angeles














help shape the future
olympic coast national marine sanctuary is undergoing a management plan review. the revised management plan will be informed by current issues and knowledge, and will help the sanctuary continue to protect natural and cultural resources. noaa is inviting the public to help chart the future management and direction of this special place.











condition report
a "condition report" provides a summary of resources in olympic coast national marine sanctuary, pressures on those resources, current conditions and trends, and management responses to the pressures that threaten the integrity of the marine environment.











a changing ocean
explore how olympic coast national marine sanctuary is being, affected by climate change now and into the future.








go coastal





looking for adventures this summer? check out the pacific northwest jewel that is olympic coast national marine sanctuary!





multimedia


immerse yourself in the ocean and your national marine sanctuaries without getting wet!
dive into olympic coast





national marine sanctuary system



the office of national marine sanctuaries serves as the trustee for a network of underwater areas encompassing more than 629,000 square miles of marine and great lakes waters from washington state to the florida keys, and from lake huron to american samoa. the network includes a system of 18 national marine sanctuaries and papah채혖naumoku채혖kea and rose atoll marine national monuments.








home
explore
visit
science
management
protect
advisory council
get involved
about
gallery
library









disclaimer
information quality
freedom of information act
privacy policy
user survey
sitemap

website owner: office of national marine sanctuaries | national ocean service | noaa | department of commerce















