












glass fusing supplies | fusion headquarters inc.














































































login / register 





























 


0itemswishlist0 














 
                                search





 



0itemswishlist0 









                    what are you looking for?                










 








enamels & paintseasy fire enamels
fuse master transparent enamels
fuse master low-fire lead-free opaque enamels
fuse master high fire lead-free opaque enamels
mediums for enamels
accessories for enamels

sprays & powdersliquid glass decoration sprays & powders with all the hard work you put into making your glass work beautiful, you deserve a clean, clear finish on your glass. our selection of overglazes are specially designed to prevent devitrification in order to produce a nice, shiny finish. we provide four different options of overglazes that are specifically made for unique uses such as coating window glass, protecting colored art glass, binding frits and powders, and even low temperature firing. in addition to our overglazes, our collection of glass powders can be transformed into a glass paste that allows you to draw directly onto your base glass when combined with our glues and binders. whether you’re looking for quality sprays for decorating glass or powders for drawing on glass, our wide selection of products allows you to explore new forms of creative expression by overcoming the limitations of traditional glass techniques. check out our specialty glass powders & sprays today!flexi-glassflexi-glass enamels
flexi-glass micas

chemicalsglass glue and adhesives

devitrification sprays and over glazes
zyp

kilns, tools & equipmentkilnshelpful kiln tips
kiln controllers
medium – large kilns
small – medium kilns
skutt
kiln accessories

morton cutting system
cold working equipment
cutting, drilling and breaking tools

moldslarge molds
stainless steel molds
ceramic molds
patty gray fill and fire molds
pate-de-verre and jewelry molds

educationhands-on classes at our fully equipped glass fusing studio.links
books / dvd’sbooks
dvd’s

safety

glass fusing suppliesfusing glass supplies when it comes to fusing, bending or adding color to glass, fusion headquarters has it all! from clear coat overglaze and mica powders to safety goggles, gloves, and tools, our selection contains the highest quality materials for working with glass before and after it’s been in the kiln. we have amazing foils and metals including gold and silver leaves to create unique shapes and designs on your glass pieces. use our liquid stringer mediums to create truly one-of-a-kind glasswork with personalized messages or designs permanently fused to your pieces. our tools for glass fusing are professional-grade, expertly crafted, and engineered to make fusing, bending, and decorating glass fast, fun, and easy! whether you need our kiln supplies for glass fusing for projects big or small, you can trust that our tools and supplies will get the job done right. shop now to take advantage of our competitive prices with fast shipping on all orders.shelf primers – fiber papers
the lunstom legacy
metals

bargainson sale
what’s new
gift certificates

 













home





welcome to fusion headquarters
hard to find glass fusing supplies
kilns, slumping molds, enamels, paints, tools, super spray, “how-to” info and lots of supplies you never knew you needed. we provide it all. if you fuse glass, this is the site for you!


shop glass fusing supplies















enamels and paints
fuse master enamels are finely ground glass powders (300 mesh which is much finer than powdered frit and most other enamels) with a very high color intensity.


shop for enamels and paints








sprays & powders
whether you’re looking for quality sprays for decorating glass or powders for drawing on glass, our wide selection of products allows you to explore new forms of creative expression.


sprays and powders



glass fusing supplies
with a talent as unique as glass fusing, we know how hard it can be to find the supplies you need to create your best work. here at fusion headquarters, we want to provide you with every unique glass-fusing tool possible to satisfy your needs without emptying your wallet. our selection of glasswork supplies provides the equipment you need for every step of the glass fusing process. from common items such as kilns, safety gloves, and vitreous paints and enamels to add your own glass colors to rarer items such as flexi glass, fiber paper, and cutters for thick glass, we provide it all.
for those looking to learn more about the art, we also offer videos, books, and classes covering this complex art in order to help you exercise your love of glass art. with our years of experience, we’re able to provide you more than just the best products. fusion headquarters is dedicated to providing quality products while also spreading our love of glass fusing by sharing our knowledge with you. we ourselves are glass artists and we are committed to supporting our glass community.










 



 


company




about us
email us
links



 


account




my account
order status



 


quick links




site help & faq
shipping & returns

















© copyright 2022, fusion headquarters, inc., all rights reserved.



 

 




what are you looking for?







 

navigation        


login / register 


my cart
close





 

close

 



 







great to have you back !




                        username or email *



 remember                    







                        password *

lost?




 sign in to your account



                new here?                 
                    create an account                




                great to see you here !            



                        email address *





                        a password will be sent to your email address.                    
your personal data will be used to support your experience throughout this website, to manage access to your account, and for other purposes described in our privacy policy.




setup your account



                already got an account?                 
                    sign in here                



















categories
























sorry. no results match your search.


 







































