








the corestore


















the above is an image map, use it to navigate the site. best viewed at
1280 x 1024 using any browser.
the corestore - home of ancient 
computers


new starting september 06 - the corestore photo diary - click here! 
 (the photo diary didn't last long, and has long been superceded by my facebook profile - click here
if you want to visit it.)

latest 7/7/07... preliminary firefighting stuff is here



	
			live national incident ticker



























































click headline for top content from firehouse.com
the web's community & resource
      for fire, rescue, ems & safety















sunday 14th may 2006 - yesterday, the corestore exhibited at the vintage
computer festival - report here

tuesday 9th may 2006 - apologies if you're trying to access this site and
finding it slow; the corestore has been featured in this article in iseries network magazine, and bandwidth is somewhat saturated!

diana, iain, sandy, cally, & mike welcome you to their homepages.


if you are an au pair applicant, you will find some pictures of the family and house here.

july 21st 2005 - a sad farewell to ewelina, who has been our amazing au pair for 8 months, 
but has now returned to poland - we miss you, old friend...life is all about changes however, and we give a warm welcome to our wonderful 
new au pair, gunita, all
the way from latvia!

   





gunita is also the hardest-working (and best!) au pair in the world!


well, time moves on and gunita has left us... our current au pair is the
exceptionally wonderful angie, from austria. 





click here for pics from our 2005 summer vacation in scotland

click here for pics from our 2005 winter vacation in the us virgin islands

comments? email mike@corestore.org


-------------------- statistics --------------------
your ip address: 
your browser: 
your referer: 
web/2 version: 
web/2 blocksize: 
os/2 uptime: 
web/2 uptime: 
connections since last restart: 
local date/time in new york:  

this page has been accessed  times since counter established on 24th july 2005

------------------ end statistics ------------------




the corestore is the main page for our domains. other domains (some of
which redirect to pages within corestore.org) are the following:

tops-20.org (no web server, telnet and ftp access)
tops-10.org (no web server, telnet access)
system360.org
our son iain was born on march 15th 2003 - he got his own domain as a birthday
present! iainjamesross.com
our second son alexander (sandy) was born on november 16th 2004 - he also got his own domain as a birthday
present! sandydonaldross.com
our astonishing daughter callista (cally) was born on november 21st 2007 - she of course got her own domain as a birthday
present! callistajaneross.com

whilst the corestore is primarily concerned with ancient computers, there are several other subjects dealt with here:

if you're looking for my material concerning the history and works of the north of scotland hydro-electric board, click here
if you're looking for 'subterranea scotia' which deals with underground stuff (including hydro stations, but also bunkers, forts etc.) click here
some material on my collection of assorted gas turbines can be found here
my (in)famous empire state building webcam is here
if you're a friend, old or new, you may be looking for personal stuff -
family, friends, photographs of scotland, and holiday photo albums etc.
- click here
if you're looking for xxxxx censored by diana xxxxx
some information about my favourite british aviation scrapyards can be found here
oriah's 'trippers' pages can be found here.
by popular demand, i'm also including a link to our 'garden visitors' page (animals living in & around out house) here

you can also navigate the site via the imagemap, which is at the top of
every page on corestore.org


this site is hosted on an ibm s/390 mainframe... :-)



...except when it's hosted on os/2 wseb!









tho' much is taken, much abides; and tho'
we are not now that strength which in old days
moved earth and heaven; that which we are, we are;
one equal temper of heroic hearts
made weak by time and fate, but strong in will
to strive, to seek, to find, and not to yield.'


ariel video


all trademarks and product
names used on this site are the
property of their respective owners.
all original text and pictures are the
copyright of michael j. ross.


