



services - ifpi




























































about ifpi

what we do
our people
our boards
local associations
careers
diversity and inclusion


our industry

industry data
role of a record label
ifpi global charts
global music listening habits
artist stories
performance rights


campaigns

creating an environment in which music and creators can thrive
copyright infringement
reservations of rights
music climate pact
global citizen campaign
music cities


news
members

our members
apply


resources
contact
 


gmr
isrc

















the pro-music directory provides a searchable list of licensed music services and apps around the world, from major streaming services and download stores to fitness apps and shortform video platforms.







service types



subscription
services offering streaming access to a catalogue of music for a monthly or annual fee, or subscription services which include licensed music content.


ad-supported
services enabling a listener to listen to music content for free, funded by advertising within the service/platform.



downloads
sites which allow users to purchase individual tracks, albums or other music content (e.g. ringtones) for permanent download.



this is a list of licensed online music services from around the world that offer music content. the list is compiled by ifpi based on information supplied by its local industry groups and member companies. it is not and does not purport to be exhaustive. ifpi endeavours to keep the information on this website updated, but ifpi does not guarantee the accuracy of the information supplied. if you are a service offering or using licensed music content and are not included in this list or wish to update or amend your listing, please contact ifpi via the email form in the ‘contact’ section.








select type
downloads
subscription
ad-supported




filtered by:



service namecountryservice typelink

7digitalusausadownloadsvisit service  >

aarmycanadacanadasubscriptionvisit service  >

aarmyukuksubscriptionvisit service  >

aarmyusausasubscriptionvisit service  >

aisthailandthailanddownloadsvisit service  >

altice musicdominican republicdominican republicsubscriptionvisit service  >

amazonargentinaargentinaad-supported; subscriptionvisit service  >

amazonaustraliaaustraliaad-supported; subscriptionvisit service  >

amazonaustriaaustriaad-supported; downloads; subscriptionvisit service  >

amazonbelgiumbelgiumsubscriptionvisit service  >




1
2
3
…
210
next »







© ifpi. all rights reserved. terms of use & privacy policy









