












southern vermont arts center in manchester, vermont























































































main menu 



visit

hours, admission & contact
the campus
host an event
about us
svac museum shop
join our email list


exhibitions

current season
virtual & digital content
propose an exhibition


camps, classes & workshops

summer camps

prek–kindergarten
grades 1–3
grades 4–6
grades 7–12


school year preschool programs
school year children’s classes and camps
school year teen classes & camps
adult classes & workshops
virtual classes
workshop proposals


calendar of events

events calendar
events in arkell
holiday market
manchester music festival


café
artists & members

fall foliage artist’s retreat
member exhibitions
annual solo exhibition program
current artist members
member travel


give
become a member

join or renew
volunteer/intern
employment opportunities


permanent collection
 













 
svac-slide-3svac-slide-4svac-slide-5 






on view
2025 exhibitions
southern vermont arts center creates exhibitions that feature local, national, and international artists on relevant topics that inspire our diverse audience. many artists are based regionally, but increasingly we are drawing artists from across the us and internationally, such as japan, korea, and the uk. we take a visitor-centered approach, designing gallery experiences that invite and support public engagement with the artwork. most works are for sale.
explore exhibitions

















on campus classes
education
for many decades, education has been a vital part of southern vermont arts center’s mission to nurture the arts and continue to build a community of active artists. svac offers a variety of workshops and classes for adults taught by skilled artists in a variety of mediums. svac has opportunities for all levels of experience and offers both in-studio and plein air classes and workshops.
for young artists, svac has a selection of arts-themed summer camps. summer camps range from theater to book-making to art found in nature and are taught by innovative artists and educators.
explore the classes


we need your supportjoin with us to reimagine arts and educational opportunities for our community.
donate today







thank you to our sponsors!










employment opportunities
privacy policy
  back to top



physical address southern vermont arts center
860 svac drive / west road
manchester, vt 05254
802.362.1405
   

mailing address southern vermont arts center
po box 617
manchester, vt 05254

hours tuesday–sunday, 10 a.m.–5 p.m.
monday closed
admission
always free to members.
$15 for adults; $10 for students and seniors; and free for kids 18 and under.
café
for reservations: 802.362.9100 or opentable

join our email list:



*indicates required
email address*





        /* real people should not fill this in and expect good things - do not remove this or risk form bot signups */
        










guidestar seal 


copyright © 2025 southern vermont arts center | website by riley moore studio


























