

notz.com. the award-winning jazz and african music site. featuring midi, real audio, transcriptions, books, cds and links. lots of hard-to-find information.






















 the site for jazz, african music and beyond



   


[ african pages ] [ jazz pages ] [ musicians ] [ radio ]





translate this page into: french |
      german | italian |
      portuguese | spanish
 


welcome to notz.com throughout the site you'll find midi files, real audio samples, links, book, cd and web sites recommendations. there are four main areas to the site:
african pages, here you'll find information on african music, music information and transcriptions
jazz pages, here you'll find lots of information on jazz, particularly on jazz guitar, links, cd's.
musicians, this is a new area, and has links to sites for aspiring musicians, recommended books.
radio, here you'll find links to jazz and african music "radio station" on the net.






told a friend about this site ?recommend !
want's here?contents !


trapped in a frame?liberate yourself!
signed our guestbook ?guestbook !


browse the keyword map of notz.comkwmap.net








latest jazz and african music news
click on text to get the details




 
thought for the day

click for this week's free wallpaper poster







 links
amazon.com for  books, cd's and video's
shareware music machine for free or shareware music programs.
sheet music plus has an incredible selection of sheet music with over 65,000 titles just for piano.
      sheet music.com has over 350,000 sheet music titles.



notz on recommended, listening and sites
notz.com is an associate of amazon.com, cdnow, sheet music.com, sheet music plus and art.com enabling you to purchase art, sheet music, books, cd's and movies directly from 
      this web site. we recommend these publications and cd's to guide you to the best and let you know that they exist among the many products available. we believe the products we recommend stand out from the others.
looking for something in particular go to our search page
why purchase at notz.com ?

our partners offer the products at the lowest cost ( lower than most local stores ) and have a large selection
you can order safe and secure. products are shipped directly to your door, worldwide. see shopping for further details.
it won't cost you any more money and could save you some as our partners offer special deals to associates.


it encourages us to add more to this web site. 





technologies used on this site
you will need the following technologies to make full use of this site. click on the icon to get the free plug-in. tip: check you've got the latest. install 
      in the following order: 1. real audio, 2. beatnik, 3. crescendo. enjoy!
java  - built into microsoft internet explorer 4.0 and netscape navigator. no plugin required.
 
real audio g2 - 
      enables you to listen to "streamed" music.
beatnik 2.0 
      - enables you to listen to "sonified" music sites. 
crescendo 4.0 - enables you to have controlled playback of midi 
      files.






back to top  


















privacy statement: we do not share any personal information with anyonesend mail to webmaster@notz.com with questions or 
      comments about this web site.copyright © 1998, 1999 notz.com. all rights reserved.last modified: february 21, 2004 











 


