





















economics at uc davis










      skip to main content
    






menu


economics at uc davis






























open search




search











    quick links+



uc davis







main navigation (extended config)



          home





about





          undergraduate





major in economics


specialization tracks


minor in economics


data analytics focused courseworks


frequently asked questions


career paths for economics majors


why study economics?





          graduate





first-year students



          prospective students





admission information



          fees and financial aid





domestic applicants


international applicants





          frequently asked questions





graduate program general questions


qualifications


application fees


deadlines


application submission


applicants from other nations


financial aid







          current graduate students






          graduate handbooks





grad handbook 2019-2020


grad handbook 2020-2021


grad handbook 2021-2022




beaumont award


economist job openings


office of graduate studies


mentoring guidelines



          past preliminary exams





preliminary exams for macro and micro economics


preliminary exams by field




departmental awards




graduate student placements


recent coauthored research with faculty


ucd econ ph.d. alumni conference





          seminars and events





upcoming seminars an events


seminar calendar


past seminars and events





          people





academic senate faculty


instructors


faculty research areas


staff


graduate students


emeriti


on the job market





          courses





course catalog


featured courses


tentative schedules


ecn 190 topics





          research





affiliated research centers


recent research by faculty


subspecialties within economics


working papers





          news





faculty spotlights





alumni




give




















                welcome to the u.c. davis department of economics
      



our undergraduate major is taught almost exclusively by regular full-time professorial faculty and is a u.s. government designated stem degree. we graduate over 500 economics majors a year who move on to a wide range of career paths. our phd program includes nine distinct seminar series and additional lunch-time seminars.our faculty interests lie in applications to public policy (such as globalization, migration, the environment, poverty and inequality, education, and macroeconomics) as well as microeconomic theory, behavioral economics, economic history and econometrics. several faculty are leaders in various u.c. davis multidisciplinary programs, including the global migration center,  the center for poverty and inequality research, and the davis energy economics program. many faculty are research affiliates of the boston-based national bureau of economic research.we are located in northern california, close to the state capital sacramento, and in reasonable proximity to the san francisco bay area and to lake tahoe.










                meet our job candidates 2024-2025
      








recruitment

the department of economics at the university of california, davis, seeks temporary instructors to teach in a wide range of fields each academic year.

click for more information













            upcoming seminars and events
    




santiago perez (uc davis)

feb 27, 2025

andrews conference room, social sciences and humanities, 2203




teresa fort (dartmouth)

mar 5, 2025

blue room, social sciences & humanities,1113



view all upcoming seminars and events








seminar calendar









past seminars and events










            news
    














graduate student denis sosinsky on fast food minimum wage increase



economics ph.d. student denis sosinsky and u.c. berkeley professor michael reich find that the recent increase in the fast food restaurant chain worker california minimum hourly wage to $20 had little effect on the price of hamburgers. for the study click here 



 









professor christopher meissner on economics tarriffs



chris meissner has a new paper that obtains and analyzes detailed historical data to conclude that the high tarriffs of the late 1800's did little to help the united states become a globally competitive manufacturer. for the paper click here. for media mentions click here.



 









janine wilson is the 2024 u.c. davis outstanding faculty advisor



professor of teaching janine wilson was recognized by the u.c. davis campus as the 2024 outstanding faculty advisor, an annual award given to only one faculty member (https://academicadvising.ucdavis.edu/recognition). the award recognizes her work as undergraduate chair in the department of economics, and also her contributions to the wider campus community.



 









giovanni peri appointed the c. bryan cameron distinguished professor in international economics



giovanni peri has been appointed the c. bryan cameron distinguished professor in international economics at the university of california, davis. this is in recognition of his outstanding reputation for research on the labor market dynamics of migration and for his teaching and mentorship.



 









professor james bushnell profiled by the energy institute



professor james bushnell's research in energy economics was profiled by the energy institute at haas. see https://haas.berkeley.edu/energy-institute/about/announcements/announcements-bushnell/



 









professor christopher meissner on econofact



econofact has a podcast in which professor christopher meissner puts the current level of international trade, the depth of global capital markets, and immigration in historical context, drawing on his new book one from the many: the global economy since 1850. here is the link to the podcast: https://econofact.org/podcast/a-brief-history-of-globalization



 









professor giovanni peri on econofact



econofact has a podcast in which professor giovanni peri answers questions such as: what has been the impact, if any, on employment and wages among the native-born? what are the likely impacts of restricting immigration for particular industries and for the economy as a whole? here is the link to the podcast: https://econofact.org/podcast/a-brief-history-of-globalization



 









associate professor of teaching janine wilson is speaker at june 2024 ucd commencement ceremony



economics associate professor of teaching janine wilson is one of five ucd faculty members asked to speak at one of the five june 2024 commencement ceremonies. in addition to her own teaching and research on economics teaching, professor wilson works with faculty to develop curriculum to prepare students for their chosen field, advises the department's student clubs, and co-chairs the committee that puts on an annual university-wide conference for scholarship in teaching innovation.



 









the global migration center, led by economics professor giovanni peri, featured by the college of letters & science



the uc davis global migration center, led from the department of economics by professor giovanni peri, is a research collaboration across the social sciences, humanities, medicine and law. learn about their work that weaves facts and human experience into the complexity of how we think about migration, both in the u.s. and globally. read the story:



 









professor christopher meissner has new book "one from the many: the global economy since 1850” 



in his new book “one from the many: the global economy since 1850,” professor of economics christopher meissner details the economic history of the global economy, grounding the idea of globalization in the technologies that have made it possible. read the story:






pagination




              current page
            1




              page
            2



next page
next



















department of economics
university of california, davis
1118 social science and humanities building
1 shields avenue
davis, ca 95616
eheadvisingcenter@ucdavis.edu
   





            follow us
    

































economic undergraduate advising center
2216 social science and humanities building
530-752-9241
eheadvisingcenter@ucdavis.edu

admin links
log in
webmaster










university of california, davis, one shields avenue, davis, ca 95616 | 530-752-1011

privacy & accessibility principles of community university of california sitemap last update: february 7, 2025 
copyright © the regents of the university of california, davis campus. all rights reserved.


this site is officially grown in sitefarm.










