






dave hadfield – flying, sailing, singing and wandering through the bush


































 skip to content 

 





 dave hadfield flying, sailing, singing and wandering through the bush 

 


		skip to content	
home
flying

how airshows are run
bio – aeroplane monthly – feb 2022
spitfire vs p-51 mustang, compared


sailing
wilderness

practical bush gear – videos
the wall tent
the wood stove
the grub box – wannigan
the super spool
the ski sled
the camping chair
a winter ground-sheet
winter wander, 2020
build a lightweight plywood canoe


music

fly lady fly
in canada (song lyrics and chords)
a “quarantune”
climbin’ away

dc-3        [2018 recording]
the crossing
chuck’s in the air
space station blues
last leg
on track
waltz with a tiger
the ballad of william mcrae
requiem for a pilot/high flight
o-dark-thirty
big smoke
the homebuilt
tommy
bush pilot’s song [2018]


the skin im in

47 channels
depth perception
cradle song
i cannot sleep
emily’s barn
fancy dancer
400 waltz
i sing to my daughter
annabelle lee
prairie graveyard
grandma’s song
the skin i’m in
fighters of the fire
weekend in the summer


wilderness waltz

bush pilot’s song
spanish river
canadian tire
osprey
victor’s cabin
caroline
bushwhacker
wilderness waltz
gyproc box
every little while
wild goose
cry of the wild


northern breeze

big jim bushey
shield
riley’s bait
bay trader
tourist
jack pine
dc-3
haven


shop for music


shop for music
contact us



search for:


search

 



 


 






 

 

 

 

fly away!from vintage aircraft; to wwii fighters; to experimental airplanes; to airliners flying over-the-pole; join dave in the cockpit! 

paddle happy!dave will bring wilderness to life for you, but will also show you how to build your own camp stove, wall tent, or winter sled, and more. 

music, musicjoin dave on his musical journey through the bush, aviation, and life -- four albums of original songs. 

hoist the mizen!join dave, robin and friends on their classic 1947 46ft wooden ketch as they voyage through sparkling waters 



 join dave in a p-51 mustang, or in a classic 46ft wooden ketch in the great lakes, or running a wilderness river in a prospector canoe, or on stage giving a concert of his many songs. you'll enjoy it!  dave has 4 albums of original music, many articles on sailing and flying and bushtravel, "how-to" articles on how to make your own items of old-fashioned camping gear -- and lots of other stuff besides.  

music 

 




							read the stories behind the songs from all four cd's. read the lyrics and buy the cds.							
						

read more...  





wilderness gear 

 




							see dave's how-to articles about building old-fashioned gear like a wood-stove, a grub-box, etc							
						

read more...  





sailing 

 




							voyage with dave and robin in their 46 ft 1947 classic wooden ketch! read his articles.							
						

read more...  





flying 

 




							fly with dave in warbirds, airliners, classics and homebuilts!							
						

read more...  









“…first and foremost a storyteller!”





 dave’s four albums of original music span several genres but all have striking compelling stories, beautiful evocative melodies, and make a lasting connection with the listener. whether you’re paddling your own canoe, steering a b-777 across the north pole, manning a spaceship, or building a cradle — these stories have…
 read more…



admin 




ride the hurricane!





 on the newsstands now, this test-flight article by dave in canadian aviator magazine is book-matched by one from the chief restorer. unusual perspective on how to rebuild, then fly, a rare new fighter — the only hawker hurricane flying in canada.
 read more…



admin 




incredible helmet-cam videos!







 dave has been producing videos from his amazing and rare helmet-cam footage. check out his youtube channel — but beware! there are quite a few! you might lose your entire weekend!    
 read more…



admin 




“skies” magazine makes a video to dave’s song: “the crossing”







 “skies” magazine liked dave’s song “the crossing” so much that they canvassed their readership for cockpit images of aircraft crossing oceans, and put together a video to go with the song. (from dave’s 2018 album, “climbin’ away”)
 read more…



admin 

123


 
 

 




 all material is copyright by dave hadfield and is not to be copied or reproduced in any manner without prior permission. contact webmaster and content owner, dave@hadfield.ca 
	powered by tempera &   wordpress.		




























