






homepage | families against mandatory minimums foundation































































skip to content











search



				search			








close



 








visit our facebook page





visit our twitter page





visit our youtube page





visit our instagram page





visit our linkedin page





 






get email alerts






































donate









about usour work second chances sentencing reform prison reform and oversight issues by state policy resource libraryget involved donate sign up for emails contact lawmakersfor families




 




×
about usour work second chances sentencing reform prison reform and oversight issues by state policy resource libraryget involved donate sign up for emails contact lawmakersfor families










 



















1 in 2 adults in the u.s. has experienced incarceration in their family.





										help us change this											






















families for justice reform










famm seeks to create a more fair and effective justice system that respects our american values of individual accountability and dignity while keeping communities safe.


























1 in 2



adults in the u.s. has experienced incarceration in their family. 

























1 in 28



kids in america has a parent in prison. 
















































our work for justice



















second chances


too many people are serving long prison terms that don’t make us safer. people languish in prison for years—even decades—because our laws don’t give them a second chance. extreme sentences devastate families and communities across the country, but they hit communities of color the hardest. 


										learn more and take action											























sentencing reform


decades of evidence show that lengthy, mandatory sentences do not reduce crime, but impose high economic and social costs on taxpayers and families. mandatory minimum sentencing laws also tend to create unwarranted disparities by treating similar offenders differently and different offenders the same. 


										learn about sentencing reform											






































prison conditions & oversight


we believe that all correctional facilities should be safe and humane, and individuals who are incarcerated should remain close to their homes in order to maintain important family bonds. famm supports policies that provide individuals with rehabilitative programs and meaningful work and education opportunities, as well as substance abuse and mental health treatment. 


										what we're working on											































join the fight for justice
























donate






 

















be an advocate






 

















share your story






 











stay up-to-date on the latest criminal justice reform news










 







 




































famm - families for justice reform



1100 h street nw, suite 1000washington, d.c. 20005phone: (202) 822-6700 














connect with us












visit our facebook page





visit our twitter page





visit our youtube page





visit our instagram page





visit our linkedin page





 






sign up for email alerts


















© 2024 famm, all rights reserved.











privacy policycontactfinancialssite map










 

scroll to top













