



aair - aviation archaeological investigation & research











 






























home
services
resources

abbreviations, acronyms and 
				codes
aviation archaeology contact list
books
databases

air force
civil
navy
vietnam losses


downloads (pdf)

b-24 sample 
					report(94 mb)


					crash site report form
inspection 
					stamp list
part# 
					prefix list


inspection stamps
links
order information
part# prefixes

database search
list by airplane type
list by manufacturer


visit crash sites

expedition vehicles
us crash sites
yap expedition


weekend course


get involved

help wanted
how to start
memorial case study
operation "mike"
research projects


contact




 menu


















aviation archaeological investigation & research
2000+ reels of microfilm
over 150,000 accident reports on file
aviation archaeology courses available
available for group lectures






aair databases
order reports






 









about aair

for the past 30 years, aviation archaeological investigation & research (aair), has been researching and documenting 
      military aircraft crash sites in the western us. frustrated with the long wait and the cost of obtaining documents from 
      the government, aair acquired all of the military accident report and aircraft record card microfilm reels, over 2000 in all!
aair, is your source for u.s. military aircraft accident reports, individual aircraft record (history) cards, 
      and aviation archaeology information. aair has over 150,000 accident reports on file. orders are generally processed 
      in just a few weeks. in addition to our collection of microfilm of accident reports and aircraft record cards, 
      we have expanded our research library to include missing air crew reports (macr)s.
aair is now offering a weekend course in aviation archaeology. click here for details





baac member
the british aviation archaeology council (baac) is the official national body in the united kingdom for aviation 
            archaeology. aair is pleased to be an associate member of the baac.
visit baac 







smithsonian magazine
smithsonian magazine looks at the topics and subject matters researched, studied, and exhibited by the smithsonian 
            museum. aair is proud to have a featured article in smithsonian magazine.
read article 







aair founder - craig fuller


craig visiting a crash site in arizona


bs degree in aeronautical science from embry-riddle aeronautical university with a minor in aviation safety/accident investigation
training in both traditional and aviation archaeology
graduate student in the cultural resources management m.a. program at sonoma state university
formerly the chief flight instructor at arizona state university’s bachelors of science flight degree program

aair goals

provide military accident reports significantly quicker and at a lower cost than dealing directly with the government
provide aircraft record cards along with a translation of the frustrating codes and shorthand so that they will be more useful in your research
promote aviation archaeology and help develop a set of standards for this new field
preserve aircraft mishap history and aircraft crash sites
establish a national database of recorded aircraft crash sites
provide a means of networking for people interested in aviation archaeology

what is aviation archaeology?
aviation archaeology is primarily the locating and documenting of old aircraft crash sites. it focuses on the preservation of these sites 
		and of the history surrounding the activities that caused them. there are many ways to preserve crash sites and their history. however, a major 
		barrier that stands in the way is a lack of knowledge on the part of the public and land managers. first, i would like to emphasize that aviation 
		archaeology is not the recovery and restoration of wrecked aircraft. it is possible to have a successful aviation archaeology expedition without 
		anything being recovered; however, no recovery should be done without also involving aviation archaeology. though recoveries preserve the aircraft 
		themselves for future generations to see, which is very important, the act of recovering a crash site destroys information and history. all recoveries 
		should involve proper documentation of the site before and during the recovery. thought should also be given to the placing of a memorial and the 
		display of some of the artifacts in the condition as found.


at many crash sites today all that remains is a burn area and a few small pieces

as you may know if you’ve been to a site, visiting a crash site can have a tremendous impact on ones awareness and understanding of this time 
		period and can provide quite an education. during wwii, over 15,000 usaaf personnel gave their lives in aircraft mishaps within the united states. 
		that is more than half of all of the personnel lost in air combat over europe during the entire war! while their deaths were not seen as being as 
		"glamorous" as combat deaths, they paid the ultimate price for freedom nonetheless. this was part of the price of wwii as well as the cold war. 
		many of these people have been forgotten and the history lost. the goal of aviation archaeology is to record these incidents in historical context 
		rather than record just why it crashed as can (sometimes) be found in government records.
one area that needs to be addressed in aviation archaeology and in the recovery of aircraft is ethics. many people take home a few souvenirs from 
		their visit. if everyone keeps doing that, the sites will disappear. most ethical people would not take home a piece of pottery from mesa verde national 
		park. it is a shame to see how these sites are disappearing. the difference between what is at the b-25 in the rincon mountains of az today versus what 
		was there several years ago is astounding. it is still a great site only because of the large pieces that remain, probably due to its remoteness. many 
		of the smaller more interesting items, along with a rudder, are gone. i hope that they are being used for a restoration and not sitting in someone's 
		garage where no one can benefit from them. it is great if one leaves that "cool" instrument there so the next person can see it too, but odds are that 
		the next person will grab it and just put it in his garage. therefore, what needs to be done is better education of both public land managers and the 
		general public about the importance of these sites.


crash sites like this are very rare

the public land managers need to learn that in some cases it is better to recover the wreck (after properly documenting it). the restored and flying 
		aircraft provide a very important part of educating the public on aviation history, sometimes more so than a wreck out on a hillside. however, some sites 
		should be left in situ so people can see a crash site in its natural setting. unlike in traditional archaeology, the sites left in situ should be the most 
		common and least historically significant aircraft. examples of rare aircraft should be in museums where they can be properly preserved for future generations 
		to see. the crash site’s location and decomposing elements should also be taken into consideration. an aircraft left out in the elements will not last several 
		hundred years like an arrowhead. the parts and wrecks that cannot be used for flying or static displays and are in a good preservation environment are important 
		in historical and educational value (as memorials and teaching tools). the crashes are an important resource that belongs to everyone; they are not trash 
		sitting in the forest waiting to be picked over for souvenirs.


 while not much remains at first glance, these parts can reveal important clues as to the aircraft type and configuration

the navy has received quite of bit of flak for its stance on usn aircraft wrecks. they emphasize preservation and minimize recovery by outside parties. 
		they claim ownership of all of their wrecks (while the air force does not) and make it very difficult for recovery/restoration operations. some have accused 
		them of hoarding the sites for their own museum. while their stance may be a bit too harsh or unfair, it does have some merit. most people are under the 
		impression that the wrecks are sitting there for the taking. on public land there are laws that protect the wrecks and the navy has been the only one to bring 
		it to our attention. (please see "usn policy" concerning aircraft wrecks on our links page for more information).
aircraft crash sites provide information, history, and education. aviation archaeology's goal is to preserve the information and history and to ensure the 
		education of the public about the aircraft and the history surrounding them. if you like visiting these sites, please help preserve them so that other people 
		can also see them. while we are at it, let's try to record the sites while they are still around and we can still interview some of the participants. see our 
		research projects page for additional information.









copyright © 2004 - 2025  all rights reserved - aviation archaeological investigation & research
privacy policy












