









welcome - wah lum®






























































skip to content





wah lum®kung fu & tai chi 



welcome
programs
class schedule
shows
history
success stories
schools
films
tai chi
cultural center
blog
 















welcome 

歡 迎   welcome to wah lum! discover one of the most authentic chinese martial arts styles, rooted in a rich culture spanning thousands of years. the wah lum® temple holds the distinction of being the first kung fu temple built in the united states.


interested in becoming a member? 
we are open for in-person training. please follow these steps to learn more.



watch this video to learn about our application process.  
please book an appointment for a consult. no walk-ins, please.

click here  or email kungfu@wahlum.com  
call: 407-275-6177
text: 407-558-3362





 
watch the wah lum demo team perform for lunar new year in central florida!
if you are interested in booking a show please email kungfu@wahlum.com – limited availability! 
 

 
 

 
 
 
check out our 50th anniversary of the wah lum kung fu of usa celebration!


sifu mimi chan produced a one-of-a-kind virtual exhibition featuring grandmaster pui chan and the wah lum temple demo team!  watch the 50th anniversary wah lum kung fu exhibition: https://youtu.be/9xhcvgs29tc
check out the trailer: 
 







wah lum ® temple in orlando, florida







you are welcome to learn about our history and grandmaster chan in the award-winning documentary pui chan: kung fu pioneer. watch now: download on amazon, hoopla or youtube. 









 






 
facebook
twitter
wah lum films you tube


wah lum® headquarters 851 n. goldenrod rd.



orlando, fl 32807



407-275-6177



kungfu@wahlum.com
contact for info in person classes available! request info here



wah lum blog


control corner 2 from sifu oscar: discipline breeds creativity


new blog post series: control from sifu oscar – at the heart of wah lum


step back, reflect, and realign


integrity and environment in training


performance training









 terms of use / privacy policy

 




proudly powered by wordpress
 | 
			theme: rocked by athemes.		











