fort lauderdale hotels: find fort lauderdale hotel information and read reviews by hotelguide
homeaboutcontactfort lauderdale hotels - homepageespañolmobile versionlist your hotel group hotel rates web directory add url metroguide.network > hotelguide > north america > fort lauderdale homepagefort lauderdale hotelshotel posts“sea lord hotel”“sea lord hotel welcomes visitors to enjoy the beautiful oceanfront hotel and beach club i…”posted by: sea lord hotel & suites“fort lauderdale's favorite beach resort”“ocean manor beach resort is an unrivaled destination for families, couples, and beach-lov…”posted by: ocean manor resort hotel“multi-million dollar renovation”“the oceanfront b ocean resort is a favorite for family vacations and carefree getaways. o…”posted by: b ocean resorthotels may post descriptions here without charge.reader reviews“great hotel”non-member, reader - “we are from london in the uk and have stayed at this hotel …”said about: lauderdale beachside hotel“avoid at all cost”non-member, reader - “close to beach - the only redeeming quality.  run down/ pee…”said about: seville hotel“dirty place”private member, quebec - “got go there dirty old bed  with cockroach in the room …”said about: neptune hollywood beach clubreaders are welcome to share opinions.by location » by name » (try keywords "hotel with a pool" or a zip code)
welcome to hotelguide.networks' directory of hotels and hotel reviews for fort lauderdale, florida!

greater fort lauderdale, on the gold coast between palm beach and miami, has long been recognized as a top beach resort destination, gracefully aging from a one-time bastion of spring break craziness to what's become a far more upscale playground for revelry among a wider audience. cultural attractions range from the whimsical bonnet house near the beach to las olas boulevard's museum of art fort lauderdale. seasonal entertainment ranges from the autumn fort lauderdale international boat show, and mcdonald's air & sea show in the spring, along famed fort lauderdale beach to florida panthers action at the bankatlantic center in sunrise. in between are jazz festivals on fort lauderdale's riverwalk, and assorted arts and food festivals throughout broward county including the refurbished hollywood beach broadwalk. autumn brings the annual fort lauderdale international film festival and greater fort lauderdale takes on added glitter with festivities linked to december's winterfest boat parade. outdoor activities abound, from golf and tennis to water taxi and airboat rides, along with fine dining, shopping, 
attractions, nightlife and cultural events. lodging accommodations range from family owned inns and bed and breakfasts to high-rise beach hotels and sprawling inland resorts featuring golf or casino action.

we have organized our listings of fort lauderdale's local hotel accommodations into several geographic areas and alphabetically. you can begin browsing for hotels in the greater fort lauderdale area by selecting one of the links shown below. to see a map of fort lauderdale and the surrounding area, click here.

if you are comparing spring break options, you may also wish to have a look at 
panama city beach hotels, 
daytona beach hotels and 
cancun hotels.



browse hotels by location:
·fort lauderdale
hotels in downtown fort lauderdale, including wilton manors and oakland park. 

·fort lauderdale beach
hotels on the intracoastal and along a1a, many with views of the atlantic ocean. 

·west broward
hotels in the center of the county, west of the turnpike. includes sunrise, plantation, lauderhill, davie and weston. 

·southwest broward
hotels in the southwest section of the county, including all of pembroke pines, cooper city and miramar, east and west of i-75. 

·hollywood beach
hotels located in hollywood, dania and hallandale between the intracoastal and the atlantic. 

·hollywood - dania
hotels in the mainland areas of hollywood, hallandale and dania. 

·palm beaches metro
hotel options north of broward county, in the communities of palm beach county. 

·miami metro
hotels south of broward county, in the communities of miami-dade county. 

·fort lauderdale airport
hotels in the area near the rapidly growing fort lauderdale - hollywood international airport (fll). 

·north broward
hotels in the county's northern section, including deerfield beach, hillsboro beach, lighthouse point and others. 

·northwest broward
hotels in the northwest section of the county, including the areas of coconut creek, coral springs, margate, north lauderdale, parkland and tamarac.

browse hotels by name:abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz
you can return to the hotelguide fort lauderdale home page at any time by pressing on the "hotelguide" button in the left margin of the page.
area facts: water taxis operate along the intracoastal waterway, and stop at more than 30 restaurants, hotels, shops, and nightclubs.  the area code for fort lauderdale is 954. 
« top of pageadjacent links:miami hotelspalm beaches hotelsrelated links:hotel website directorydaytona beach hotelsflorida keys hotelsfort myers hotelsgainesville hotelsjacksonville hotelsnaples hotelsorlando hotelspanama city beach hotelspensacola hotelssarasota hotelsspace coast hotelstallahassee hotelstampa hotelstreasure coast hotelsother links:smart highway daynational metaverse daynassau hotelsfreeport hotelsother versions:fort lauderdale guía de hotelesmetroguide.network > hotelguide > north america > fort lauderdale homepage« top of page | sitemap 
© 1996-2025, metroguide.com all rights reserved.privacy policy | terms and conditionsto list your hotel with the fort lauderdale hotelguide service: click here.to contact hotelguide: click here.hotelguide and hotelguide fort lauderdale are service marks of metroguide.com, inc. hotelguide network is a registered service mark of metroguide.com, inc. all other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. metroguide.com, inc. does not own or operate hotel properties. metroguideeventguideretailguidediningguidenightguidehotelguideattractionguidecruiseguideportofcallmore locations...full map
fort lauderdale hotels:our readers'5 smile favoriteswestin beach resort fort lauderdalefort lauderdale hotels:our readers'3 smile favoritesmarriott's beachplace towersmanhattan towerrobindale suitesdiplomat resort & spa hollywood, curio collection by hiltona little inn by the seabest western oceanside innfort lauderdale beach resort hotelred carpet inncoconut bay resort hotelcomfort inn airporttravelodge fort lauderdale beachcourtyard by marriott easthilton fort lauderdale beach resortdiane's motelhotels by featurenon-smoking hotelwifipet-friendlymeeting facilitygay-friendlyswimming poolfitness centerin-room safelarge hotelsmall hotel





