



varitronics' doctor ~ nurse call systems and ophthalmic products 











varitronics inc.leading the way with innovative product design. 

click icon for complete contact info.





communications 
      division 
enter
ophthalmic 
      division






call system products
 


doctor ~ nurse call light systems: 
 hardwired system, software 
                  options, 
cs2000, design 
                  questionnaire

interoffice paging systems:
call system option, standalone

staff registry panels

emergency call system: 
                  ul 1069 approved

custom designed systems 
                  for systems contractors

town council system
complete product menu







 
40 
        years of designing productivity enhancing products 

 



vip installation
 




the varitronics 
                installation process is a seamless process coordinated with your 
                architect, sub-contractor, and/or company installer, to ensure 
                a smooth and efficient installation and testing of your new call 
                system. whether new construction, renovation or retro-fit to your 
                present practice, your vip process will be an easy transition 
                with a working call system ready to use on your next day of practice. 
                call today to find out how you can take advantage of the varitronics 
                installation process.




testimonials



"our cs2000 has 
              increased our efficiency through patient traffic control, doctor/staff 
              communication and overall management of our facility"
              mark shampain, m.d. - allentown, pa 


"with the cs2000, 
              myself and my staff have been able to function more and the efficiency 
              has allowed us to increase our number of patients"
              lawrence singerman, m.d. - beachwood, oh


"we purchased the varitronics 
              inc. call system light system about ten years ago. every day it 
              saves us many steps and staff time by directing us where we are 
              needed next. your light call system has been virtually maintenance 
              free for these ten years. i just wanted to take the time to tell 
              you that we are very satisfied with your product and extremely impressed 
              with youe service. thank you very much!"
              drs. jolley, fronk, gibson, van buskirk, cooper and remick - jackson, ca


 



office hours8:00 am to 5:00 pm est

we accept




number of visitors





ophthalmic products
 

ophthalmic control systems
custom cabinetry
chan wristrest
nevyas operative keratometer/360ยบ fixation device
surgical stool

disposable products

nevyas drape retractor
eye dentifiers
custom medication labels










