
































roosevelt university: one of the top affordable private colleges in chicago












      skip to main content
    





















































    get started
    





programs & majors


request info


visit


apply


translate

















future students



get started


program & majors


request info


visit


apply




about


history, mission & vision


why roosevelt?


office of the president


diversity, equity & inclusion


virtual tour


university podcast




academics


undergraduate studies


undergraduate honors program


graduate & professional studies


earn a bachelor's + a master's in five years


chicago college of performing arts


college of humanities, education and social sciences


college of science, health & pharmacy


heller college of business




admission


admitted students


undergraduate admission


transfer


readmission


graduate & professional


international


performing arts


pharmacy


adult continuing education


transfer credit calculator




student experience


athletics


arts & culture


chicago is our campus


commuting to roosevelt


hispanic-serving institution


living on campus


student organizations


student support & success


veterans




tuition & aid


freshman and transfer aid


graduate & professional student aid


pharmd aid


the roosevelt pledge


tuition & fees


financial aid & payment process


financial aid forms


financial aid 101


net price calculator


contact us regarding tuition & aid







current students



academics


registration & classes


majors & programs


summer programs


grades & transcripts


graduation


beyond the classroom


student research


undergraduate honors program


mcnair scholars


course & term deadlines


institutional review board




support services


advising


career closet


career services


eab navigate


emergency housing & shower services


food & hygiene pantry


grad student resources


health & wellness


hsi stem


international students


learning commons


loaner laptop program


sss stem


student handbook


student technology guide


tech support


veteran services




finances


pay my bill


student employment


international student employment


tuition refund


tax info (1098-t)


financial aid forms


contact financial aid services


2023-24 tuition rates q & a




campus life


current students home


laker connect


important dates


residence life


engagement & intercultural experiences


health and safety


athletics


how to get around


university events


locker rentals




resources


my roosevelt (sign into all of your apps)


blackboard


bookstore


catalog


course finder


find faculty/staff contacts


find my netid


find services/departments


library


reset netid password


ru access


proxy access for ru access


student absence notification


student email


register to vote







faculty & staff



academics


blackboard


course finder


library


tk20


institutional review board


course & term deadlines




get info


inside roosevelt


faculty/staff directory


dept/office directory


...and justice for all podcast




technology


my roosevelt (sign in to all of your apps)


zoom


help desk


email


ru access


reset netid password


find my netid


wifi on campus







alumni & giving



giving


why give


giving initiatives


give now


ways to give




get connected


alumni home


events


update my info


women's leadership


diversity network


young professionals


professional mentoring


lifelong lakers


institute for continued learning


volunteer opportunities




benefits


request a transcript


get career assistance


insurance plans


buy ru gear




roosevelt stories


alumni profiles


roosevelt review


university news


...and justice for all podcast


share a story







pharmd program



admission


about the pharmd


application pathways


prerequisites


visit campus


international applicants and foreign degree recipients


admitted students


request admission information




tuition & aid


pharmacy tuition & aid




the program


office of the dean


the faculty


experiential education


enrollment & student services


accreditation information


pharmacy research


post-graduate training




current students


current student resources


pharmacy curriculum (class of 2027)




news & events


events

























 


roosevelt university: one of the top affordable private colleges in chicago


your browser does not support the video tag.the views are different here.on a lot of things.take a virtual tour



request information
schedule a visit
apply to roosevelt






  four years tuition-free

at roosevelt, we offer a transformational private education in a world-class city while prioritizing affordability. with low tuition and a commitment to inclusivity, diversity, and access, we stand out in the midwest. through the roosevelt pledge, illinois residents with a family income under $50,000 can attend tuition-free for four years. this is our pledge to you.


learn about the pledge















      join us at admitted student day
  

saturday, march 22, 2025 | 10:00 am - 3:30 pm. come and experience roosevelt university first-hand at our chicago campus. meet your future friends, connect with faculty, tour campus and so much more! 

 register for admitted student day




      attend a graduate info session
  

with more than 40 master's degree programs, roosevelt has the program to take you where you want to go in your career. join an upcoming information session to connect with our admission staff and learn more.

 sign-up for a graduate info session




      schedule a campus tour
  

tour roosevelt's amazing downtown chicago campus. with residence halls, dining, recreation and classrooms all in one building, you'll see why roosevelt was ranked as one of the best college locations in america.

 sign up












  academic programs & majors

roosevelt can help you find your passion. seeking an undergraduate degree? your doctorate? something in between? explore our comprehensive academic choices, outstanding faculty and nearly limitless degree program options.


explore programs









bachelor's
master's & doctoral
certificates






  experience life at one of the best chicago colleges











      one illinois college. two vibrant campuses.
  

whether in the heart of downtown chicago’s dynamic commercial and cultural district, or nestled within the city’s northwest suburban economic center, roosevelt university’s chicago and schaumburg campuses are actively connected to their communities.

 chicago is our campus




      home to chicago's only ncaa division ii program!
  

with 35 men’s and women’s athletic teams, programs and clubs to cheer for, you’ll be a laker in no time.

 go green and white




      roosevelt's biology program ranked 12th in the nation for female students
  

roosevelt’s biology undergraduate program was recently ranked one of the best in the nation for women by washington monthly, with 87% of program graduates identifying as female. 

 read more








  here you can be you. and belong.



in the classroom, it’s diverse, tolerant, and academically rigorous. outside the classroom, there’s so much to do. whether you’re into sports, the arts, or student organizations, you can be a spectator, participant, or both. or explore one of the best cities in the world.
check out the campus communities that make the big city small.



learn more about our history, mission & vision



















  the support you need to succeed.


when universities take your tuition, they should take responsibility for helping you succeed. we do.
we’ll help you choose the right classes. navigate financial aid and housing questions. connect you to tutoring and mentors so you can grow academically. with confidence.
see how we support student safety, growth and success.



learn more about our support services











  meet our lakers










 

      the athlete
  

      sebastian rodriguez, ba '25
  
exercise, nutrition & health science studentgurnee, il





 

      the activist
  

      samantha martinez, ba '18
  
co-founder of the gage park latinx councilchicago, il





 

      the business leader
  

      franziska miles, bba '22
  
mba candidatechicago, il









  roosevelt in the news
















roosevelt celebrates black history month




roosevelt will host numerous on-campus events throughout february to celebrate black excellence and provide resources to current students.









nancy inkertsiah: empowering students for success beyond graduation




the director of career services at roosevelt university is dedicated to helping students transition from academic to professional success.









roosevelt promotes dr. mike maly to university provost & executive vice president of academic affairs




dr. maly brings 28 years of institutional experience, and he will continue roosevelt's success at producing graduates prepared to impact chicago’s professional community and beyond.












heller college of business alumnus isidore (izzy) kharasch publishes article on the effect of menu design on price for restobiz



"to what extent do menu prices affect our customers’ decisions on where to go out and enjoy a meal? as the restaurant operator, your goal is to make sure that guests have a great time and feel good about the money they spend.over the last 30 years, isidore (izzy) kharasch, president & founder of hospitality works, inc., has helped more than 700 restaurants, bars, and other businesses worldwide improve their operations and profits. he holds a master’s degree in hospitality and hotel management from roosevelt university."





chicago college of performing arts alumna gabriela lara lauded as first latina member of the chicago symphony opera by the chicago sun-times



"when gabriela lara joins the first violin section of the chicago symphony orchestra this week, she will become the orchestra’s first latina and third hispanic member in the current roster — another milestone in its efforts toward greater diversity and inclusion.she moved to the united states in 2017 to pursue her bachelor’s degree in violin performance on a full scholarship from the chicago college of performing arts at roosevelt university. she studied with almita vamos, a famed pedagogue, and went on to receive her master’s degree in suzuki pedagogy from roosevelt in 2024."





chicago college of performing arts professor frank almond to give featured performance in the high desert chamber music (hdcm) concert series



"the high desert chamber music (hdcm) concert series continues on friday, february 14, 2025, at 7:30pm with a special valentine’s day performance.almond performs on the 1715 lipiński stradivarius, a historic instrument with ties to composers like giuseppe tartini, edvard grieg, and johannes brahms.he currently serves on the faculty of roosevelt university in chicago."







request information
schedule a visit
apply to roosevelt





 anti-discrimination statementroosevelt university has been committed in its programs and activities from its inception to a policy on nondiscrimination. no person shall be discriminated against because of age, ancestry, citizenship, color, creed, disability, gender, gender identity, marital status, military status, national origin, parental status, race, religion, sexual orientation, source of income, unfavorable discharge from military service, veteran status, or as a result of being the victim of domestic or sexual violence in its programs and activities.


read the full policy























                chicago campus
  

430 s. michigan ave,
chicago,
il
60605
(312) 341-3500



                schaumburg campus
  

1400 n. roosevelt blvd,
schaumburg,
il
60173
(847) 619-7300












academic calendar


academic catalog


auditorium theatre


careers at ru


directory


emergency info


employers


events


give to roosevelt


news & media resources


roosevelt review


university policies


















roosevelt university is a national leader in educating socially conscious citizens for active and dedicated lives as leaders in their professions and their communities.




facebook



linked in



twitter



snapchat



instagram



youtube






©  roosevelt university, all rights reserved.


accessibility
annual security report
cares act disclosure
consumer information
ibhe feedback
privacy policy
report a concern








            nicole barron
  
    

  vice president of enrollment & marketing

office:                 wb

    1700

  
 nbarron03@roosevelt.edu

 312-341-2114




















×






