



  



korean feast | from traditional to modern korean cuisine




























 




↓ 






korean feast
 from traditional to modern korean cuisine









home
menu ↓

skip to primary content
skip to secondary content


homeauthor

meet hi soo
book of the month club essay


growing up

book excerpts
book introduction


reviews

food and wine
gourmet
los angeles times
mercury news
people magazine
washington post


events

coming and recent events
making and  cooking with kimchi
major events
festivals
guest chef/book signings
talks/book signings


recipes

appetizers
salads

steamed asparagus spears with kimchi-scallop topping


entrees

dumplings
rice and cereals
sauteed squid and kimchi
sauteed squid and kimchi, ojingeo bokkum
steamed asparagus spears with kimchi-scallop topping
kimchi stuffed pan-fried bean curd, kimchi tubu sobagi


side dishes

pan-fried dishes and pancakes
green onion pancakes
bean curd pancakes


desserts and drinks


kimchi

dubu sobagi
essential kimchi recipes

ponytail radish kimchi (chonggak kimchi)
white cabbage kimchi (paek kimchi)
cubed radish kimchi (kkagdugi)
temple whole cabbage kimchi (sachal t’ongpaechu kimchi)
radish kimchi soup (dongch’imi)
cabbage wraped kimchi
stuffed cucumber kimchi (oi sobaegi kimchi)
stuffeed eggplant kimchi (gaji sobaegi kimchi)
radish and cabbage heart kimchi (nabak kimchi)
radish and cabbage heart kimchi (nabak kimchi)


cooking with kimchi

avocado with kimchi and bell peppers
hi soo’s holiday kimchi stuffing
avocado with kimchi and bell peppers
#524 (no title)




cooking classes
korean markets

add a korean market


q and a

ask a question
frequently asked questions


book index

 
 



 ten speed press, berkeley, 2001
photo of my mother making kochujang, korean hot pepper paste.
barbara tropp, author of the modern art of chinese cooking and china moon cookbook--
“every once in a while, a landmark cookbook is published. this is one. it belongs on the shelf of every serious student of asian cuisine.”
nina simonds, author of a spoonful ginger--
“hi soo shin hepinstall has written a masterpiece. growing up in a korean kitchen is the most comprehensive korean cookbook to date. her stories are charming and informative and the recipes are tantalizing. the book is a glowing memorial to her mother and grandmother and a tribute to her korean heritage. this book will be a classic.”
grace young, author of the wisdom of the chinese kitchen--
“growing up in a korean kitchen is a major contribution to the asian culinary shelf. here’s a rare treat: a beautifully written cookbook that reveals an intimate and fascinating portrait of a rich culture unknown to americans. it went straight to my heart.”
su-mei yu, author of cracking the coconut: classic thai home cooking--
“memories of hi soo shin hepinstall’s childhood are lovingly recorded in growing up in a korean kitchen. reading her stories and recipes evokes a shared sense of nostalgia for my own family’s kitchen in thailand. kimchi is no longer just another korean pickle but a celebration of korea’s culinary arts and traditions.”


search for:


 










home


 
to my dear readers:
welcome to our revised website, www.koreanfeast.com! my last website crashed and, until now, i had trouble reviving it. thank you for your patience. in this precious space, let us explore the wonders of korean food as if we are talking and cooking together. koreans call themselves a “rice and soup eating people.” on our masthead is a photo of a traditional korean metal spoon and chopsticks.
already ten years have passed since the publication of growing up in a korean kitchen: a cookbook,ten speed press, 2001. the response was gratifying. i was overwhelmed. you, the readers, were especially generous in your praise. most major food magazines and newspaper reviewed the book and were exceedingly complementary. at last, i felt korean food was receiving the attention it deserved.
when i began research for this book more than 40 years ago, few people, especially in the west, knew anything about korean food. truthfully, at that time, i was worried that korean food might loose its culinary identity. korean ingredients, sauces and dishes were often wrongly identified with other cuisines. i was very saddened by this because i knew what wonderful food i had grown-up with in my family kitchen. it was as refined and flavorful as any food i had tasted anywhere. i had traveled half the globe enjoying and learning about many national foods. for example, in france, eating bouillabaisse reminded me of saengsong jeongol (korean seafood and vegetable hot pot) and bouf bourguignon of galbijjim (braised short ribs). the sight of formage de tete porc (head cheese) reminded me of the boiled pig’s head my mother used to make at feast time. i loved to eat choucroute garni (sauerkraut casserole) because it tasted just like our comfort food, kimchi jjim (braised kimchi). why shouldn’t the world know as much about korean food as it does about other cuisines? i though maybe i could make a contribution. there were many other reasons for writing this book, but let save them for another time.
speaking of kimchi jjim, i am presently completing a cookbook on kimchi, korea’s culinary identity. i look forward to exploring the world of kimchi with you.
anyonghi!
hi soo
highlights of what you will find on www.koreanfeast.com


book index to growing up in a korean kitchen. using the search button, you can easily find a particular recipe or ingredient. i am sure you will find the index very useful as it is in english, romanized korean and hangul, the korean alphabet. you will no longer be dependent on my book’s inadequate index to find a recipe.
finding a korean market in the united states and canada is very easy with our new search button. more than 200 markets are now on our list. we welcome your input. if your local korean market is not listed, please fill out the form in the korean market section and we will include it.

 
 
korean culinary tour and kimchi workshop

37th annual conference of the international association of culinary professionals
washington dc, march 27, 2015.         open to the public, see www.iacp.com
kimchi diplomacy: a korean immersion
explore the korean food wave with a trip to northern virginia’s koreatown. we will start at super h-mart in fairfax, part of a national 46-store chain, where i will guide you through the aisles and offer tips to selecting essential ingredients. at the popular palace restaurant, one of the dozens of korean businesses in the area, i will demonstrate how to make authentic kimchi and how to cook with it. we will dine on traditional specialties including bibimbap, kimchi pancakes, bean curd and seafood soup, an array of panchan and barley tea. we will visit siroo, a small rice cake factory, where the owner will reveal the secrets of making the sweet treats. finally, we will head back downtown for a tea ceremony in a sarangbang (the outer room in a traditional korean home for greeting guests) that has been beautifully reconstructed within the korean embassy’s cultural center, and the director will give a presentation. each attendee will leave with a box of rice cakes, a copy of my cookbook, “growing up in a korean kitchen,” and a map of koreatown restaurants.
kimchi workshop and lunch at palace garden restaurant
























































				owner showing sauce pots
				







				homemade vinegar
				




				homemade duenjang
				

 
shopping at korean supermarket, h-mart





















































































				kat (korean mustard greens
				




				ginko nuts
				




				variety of hot peppers
				




				jongga brand kimchi
				




				mu (korean radishes)
				








 
siroo sweet rice cake factory demonstration and tasting

 































 
kimchi workshop at lavender hill, sperryville, va

 






				hi soo’s kimchi class
				




				hi soo splitting paechu
				




				hi soo slicing
				




				tongbaechu kimchi
				




				students at work
				




				kimchi workshop
				
















				kalbi sanjok
				




				feast dishes
				




				korean carbon steel knives
				




				students at work
				




				hi soo making kimchijon
				




				workshop feast
				

 
photos of kimchi workshop by e. raymond bok
 
recipe of the month:















wordpress
by wheelock web works
© 2012 - 2023 hi soo shin hepinstall  





↑








 



