



shoplifting in the marketplace of ideas — livejournal























































































































































?

?









































































































































                                    





























































































































































livejournal






find more


communities


rss reader




shop









                                help
                            







                                    search
                                









                                    log in



























log in




                                        join free
                                    

                                        join
                                    







                                          english
                                        
                                        (en)
                                

english (en)

русский (ru)

українська (uk)

français (fr)

português (pt)

español (es)

deutsch (de)

italiano (it)

беларуская (be)













































mauser
—














< no suspend reason >









readability




















                    more
                














mauser







                                archive
                            



                                photos
                            



                                video
                            





readability






























log in


no account?
create an account








































remember me



                                forgot password
                            




                        log in
                        














log in









qr code

























































no account?

                    create an account
                
by logging in to livejournal using a third-party service you accept livejournal's user agreement






shoplifting in the marketplace of ideasprevious 25 entriesrecent entriesarchivefriends' entriesprofilememories
 

 




1st-jan-2025 04:03 am - are you on the list?mausermy new year's entry this year was pretty personal, so i made it friends only. if you're unable to see it, lemmie know and i'll make sure you're included. i know that friends can be asymmetrical on lj.

speaklinkshareflag
 

 


31st-dec-2024 06:46 am - well...mauserwell, 59 laps around the sun, and what do i have to show for it?

5 commentsspeaklinkshareflag
 

 



24th-dec-2024 08:15 pm - worth a readmauserthis is mostly to bookmark some substack articles that i think i need to read again and again, and that other people should as well.this one about the nature of intelligence and consciousness, for example:https://open.substack.com/pub/gaiusbaltar/p/is-consciousness-fading-in-modern?r=1658e5&utm_campaign=post&utm_medium=web
more later.

1 commentspeaklinkshareflag
 

 


1st-dec-2024 04:50 pm - drones and chinese scammers on amazonmauserso a co-worker convinced me to give quadcopters a try. if you mosey over to my anime/computer blog (mauser.mee.nu) you can read about the adventure so far, how i nearly got taken for $270 by a fake chinese seller, and how i got a refund before waiting for it to not show on christmas.

speaklinkshareflag
 

 



27th-nov-2024 04:58 pm - big fat political quote meme collectionmauserbig fat political quote memes collection on substack

speaklinkshareflag
 

 



16th-oct-2024 02:18 am - rocket manmausernot an elon post. just one of my favorite out of continuity dr. mauser bits.
https://drmauser.substack.com/p/dr-mauser-short-rocket-man?r=1658e5

speaklinkshareflag
 

 



27th-jul-2024 04:02 pm - dr. mauser and the guns of st. mary'smauserin my previous substack, i talked about research. this is the story that benefited from a lot of that.
it was intended for one of raconteur press's malta anthologies, but for various reasons, it didn't run there, so now it's freely available on my substack. nothing against the publisher.

speaklinkshareflag
 

 


20th-jul-2024 11:34 am - the importance of researchmauserjust posted a new article to my substack. but it's also an excuse to use my second favorite sam and max reference.
https://drmauser.substack.com/p/the-importance-of-research

speaklinkshareflag
 

 



18th-may-2024 05:44 pm - my comment to an entry 'psa for millennials — an ellipsis is just an ellipsis' by cigarskunk2mauserwant to offend me with an ellipsis? use the single glyph version. seriously, that was only invented to make it easier for programmers to truncate file names, and should only be used for that purpose.
also, it's four dots at the end of a sentence. an ellipsis for missing text, and the terminating period. (which can also be a ? or !)

view the entire thread this comment is a part of



3 commentsspeaklinkshareflag
 

 


24th-apr-2024 03:20 pm - le red jr. 1992-2024mauserwell, that's the end of an era. i donated le red jr. to the local volunteers of america (which turns into a charitable donation credit i can't really use). they actually just farmed it out to the local pick a part. i coulda taken the $350 instead.
when hooked up to a jump pack, the old loyale very nearly started after sitting for 3-4 years in the driveway - the necessary period needed to let the nostalgia wear off. probably would have with fresh gas.
even the tow truck driver was an aficionado of subarus of that era. le red had pretty much lost all of its clear coat by that time, but the body was still solid and in good shape. i even threw in the shop manuals, since i would have no further use for them.
i bought the car brand new in 1992 and put over 322,000 miles on it. i crossed the country in it and had a number of adventures. it only broke down on me twice (both timing belt issues, and one of those allowed me to limp to safety on half an engine because of the two-belt boxer design). the thing was unstoppable in the snow, even more so with cable chains on all four wheels, and got better mileage than its replacement. i became an absolute stick convert in that car. and even with only 90 horsepower, it was light and nimble to drive with great road feel that newer cars soften to imperceptibility.
( read more...collapse )

3 commentsspeaklinkshareflag
 

 



1st-jan-2024 10:23 pm - new year's 2024mauserno new guns, no more shooting. i think i did a little reloading work when i was finally able to get some primers, but i stalled out on that.
got through some of the comics i mentioned. by the time i got through the stack of saga, i was wishing i'd been reading them as they came out so i could have dropped the series earlier. god that turned into trash. maybe i can sell them on ebay, cheap.
i can't believe i got the office chair last year... i swear my sense of time has compressed. but i did order the bush desks in time for christmas. they were supposed to arrive after christmas, but they came the wednesday before so i had to burn a vacation day waiting for delivery. it took some major clean-up and rearranging to clear the spaces to set them up (i got three 30" x 60" desks). i still haven't forced myself to get off the computer and move it to its new home. i got three so that one can become the home of the 3d printers. i previously planned on move them to the den, but the comic book infestation hasn't been dealt with yet.
one desk top was damaged in shipping, but i ordered a replacement the same day. it will get here eventually, and when i swap it out, it will still make a good work table or something in the future.
( read more...collapse )

speaklinkshareflag
 

 



16th-jul-2023 01:35 am - space hookers must die!mausernew blog post on my wordpress blog.tags:writing

3 commentsspeaklinkshareflag
 

 



15th-jul-2023 10:28 pm - twitter still needs a rewritemauserif you call someone a moron on twitter, you get a warning when you try to post but you can post it anyway.if you call someone a cretin on twitter, you get no warning until they demand you delete it and go to twitter jail.tags:twitter

1 commentspeaklinkshareflag
 

 


3rd-jun-2023 04:05 pm - ugh, updated my lj email, now i can't reply and they can't seem to send a validation email....mausernobody at my isp can figure out why the emails aren't arriving. i finally had to use an old yahoo email address to get access to my account again, because when you change your address your account gets invalidated completely.

4 commentsspeaklinkshareflag
 

 



29th-apr-2023 12:59 pm - free storymauseroriginally written for the series of malta anthologies (all pretty good stuff), it was supposed to be in the upcoming 4th volume, but got bumped, and there won't be a fifth. so i'm free to give it away.it was written to be both the latest in my dr. mauser stories that have been running on deviant art, but also an introduction, so it includes a lot of backstory. and of course it had to be related to malta, so i did a lot of historical and geographic research (which was really frustrating, i had to change major plot points several times, but i think it ended up a little better).i think my favorite comment of all time was when i showed it to martin shoemaker (fantastic writer), and he said, "your worldbuilding is twisted."if you're curious about the malta anthologies: ghosts of malta, knights of malta, saints of malta.the fourth volume will be called falcons of malta. (amazon affiliate links)so allow me to present dr. mauser and the guns of st. mary's. (deviant art)tags:writing

speaklinkshareflag
 

 


8th-apr-2023 08:38 pm - taxesmauserhuh, i thought i used to post annually about my taxes, but it's been a while. not much point in continuing that.but, if you want to e-file for free, are smart enough (or your taxes are simple enough) that turbotax is a waste, but you make too much to do the free file program, there is still a way.https://www.freefilefillableforms.com/it does the basic math. you have to decide which forms you need to fill out (but it has all of them, with instructions.) and punch in your own data (even copying it from the tax table - that really should be automatic, but no). but it's free for any income. you create a new account every year because the data gets purged every november. you can save as a pdf from the print button. and when you're done, free e-file.probably a bit late for most of you, but save this for next year.tags:tech

speaklinkshareflag
 

 



1st-jan-2023 09:57 pm - new year's 2023mauserthe great thing about doing my resolutions on livejournal, i don't have to read too far back to find last year's.2022 saw at least one more gun but still no range trips. (i got another rossi r92, but in .357 magnum). washington is planning some ridiculous new anti-gun laws, which is why the interest in lever guns and ridiculously large revolvers (haven't been able to get the one i have my eye on yet though).not much progress on dealing with my comics, but i have been catching up on some series. (got a stack of 60 issues of saga that i'm finally getting to). but nothing about the den. which i'd like to deal with and move the printers into so i can have a dining room table again.financially i have been god-like. expenses to income is so low i have been banking about 32k a year. so i predict that by the end of 2023 i will be back at my pre-mortgage-payoff level. i will splurge a little on myself and get a couple of big bush desks and set them up in the living room. i got a nice office chair and mat a few days ago, but working from a old school desktop perched on a tv tray table is kinda lame, and i've been doing that for years.weight. i have spent most of the year stuck in the low to mid 240's, but lately i've been able to get into the upper 230's. the low point over the christmas break was 235.6, although the introduction of my birthday cake into the mix has me at 237.6 this new year's morning.on the down side, my bp has been soaring lately. and i'm not sure what the current state is, but my health insurance and the everett clinic have gone to war and they might be out of the network this year.i also started invisalign back in april, and the main series is already completed. last month we did a re-scan and there will be a second set for final positioning. the process is pretty cool, since instead of taking impressions they use photogrammetry. a tooth-brush like camera is run all over your teeth and the computer turns all of the images into a detailed 3d model.i've been learning a lot with freecad, and the biggest (literally, it filled the print volume of the ender 3) and latest project of mine was a whole-house humidifier that fits over a 5 gallon bucket. i put the final touches on the first version just before christmas, and the sucker puts a good 3 gallons of water into the air a day. the house has gone from sub 20% humidity to 38-40% since i started running it (except the master bedroom for some reason.). it's not ready to release, but i wanna put some more run time on it before i tweak it too much more.i wonder where all that water goes....writing: i haven't been overly productive, but i have sold a story to lawdog for the last volume of the malta anthologies. (well, sold in that the contract should be forthcoming soon.) this would be the first dr. mauser story to see actual print rather than being on deviantart. i was toying around with a third casper history story for the 4hu but i've heard nothing about any additional anthologies coming out.my wordpress blog has been severely neglected. i need to address that.tags:guns, household, writing

2 commentsspeaklinkshareflag
 

 



4th-jun-2022 08:40 pm - my comment to an entry 'how stupid are democrats? this stupid.' by cigarskunk2mauserthe ar-15 is not a weapon of war... yet. once you start sending government goons out to pick them up, it will be.



view the entire thread this comment is a part of



speaklinkshareflag
 

 



2nd-jan-2022 04:59 pm - boat of fuckit.mauseroh, and back in january of 2020, i wrote the photobucket relented on their image hosting? they switched back to demanding that they be paid, and reduced their free capacity to 250 images, i deleted a bunch of garden pictures from 2008 which nobody was looking at anyway, and then realized, why bother?

speaklinkshareflag
 

 


1st-jan-2022 04:21 pm - new year's 2022mauser(backdated for consistency)going over the resolutions:write more: sold another story to chris kennedy for "in the wings", but i didn't get too far on my own projects. i made some more entries on my wordpress blog, including a euloge for my dad and a recent one about how even the dictionary is being corrupted for political purposes, and i noticed i failed to link them here on lj.get my comic collection under control: negative progress. i moved some stacks into the bedroom to make a point of reading them, and finished one title. got a few issues through a couple more.shoot more: didn't go shooting at all. one new gun, which is still a virgin.my bp was doing okay until i got covid at the end of august, and was forced to get a vax in october (at which point they punted the deadline a couple of times and now it's in the air.). now i almost never see a reading below 140, and have even hit 175 a couple of times (i immediately took extra meds). should have a cardiologist appointment soon. weight hasn't been very good either. i've been stuck in the low 240's for months, which is higher than last year. i was 241.4 on the morning of the 1st.financially: i killed my mortgage in september. a small settlement from a life insurance policy nobody knew my father had (~$11,000) put me over the top early. single largest transaction in my life, just shy of 6 figures. i have no major debts now, so my savings are recovering faster than they did from the car. between the house, the car, and the exterior work in 2016, it blows my mind how much money has gone out. but i'm still okay. of course, with no debt, my credit rating has finally started moving off of 850.clean up the whole damned house: yeah, no major changes there. a smaller goal is to get the comics off the orange desk in the den and into boxes in the other storage room, and moves the 3d printers there to get them off the dining room table.as for printing: i haven't done anything on the marble pump, but i'm slowly learning the ins and outs of freecad, and have designed a number of my own prints, including a magnetic water bottle holder for my locker at work and a bracket that holds the heater in my car so i don't have to keep moving it off of my armrest. so the goal is to keep learning, and eventually take another crack at the marble pump, since my initial stab at it is now kinda sad.tags:guns, household, writing

speaklinkshareflag
 

 



23rd-dec-2021 07:55 pm - my comment to an entry 'if so, then criticizing trump was a danger to democracy too' by cigarskunk2mauseryou know how the left likes to redefine words. they've redefined "democracy" to mean "rule by democrats". (much like kleptocracy means rule by thieves — same thing, really). knowing this makes all their whining about something being "a threat to our democracy" much more understandable.



view the entire thread this comment is a part of



speaklinkshareflag
 

 


12th-nov-2021 11:58 am - came up with these this morning.mauserwhere does bigfoot go when he wants to run a fundraiser?wendigogo.my neighbor, who was in the military, gave me a puppy who had three heads.i said, "thank you for your cerberus."tags:humor

1 commentspeaklinkshareflag
 

 



8th-jul-2021 05:44 pm - in the wings is out!mauseri have a story in it!amazon affiliate link

2 commentsspeaklinkshareflag
 

 



6th-mar-2021 08:14 pm - dr. mauser's pizzamauserdr. mauser's pizza:.250 oz yeast1 lb flour1 tablespoon sugar1 teaspoon salt2 tablespoons olive oil1.25 cups hot watercorn meal, additional flour, additional olive oil. pizza toppings.tools: mixer with bread hook, medium mixing bowl, plastic wrap, scale, rolling pin, 2 quart storage bowls (optional), pizza stone, pizza peel, pizza cutter.add sugar and hot water to mixer bowl, stir briefly to dissolve.add yeast to mixing bowl, stir briefly to dissolve. add olive oil.add all the flour, and the salt to the mixing bowl. set the mixer running. run mixer until dough comes together, scrape the sides of the bowl if necessary.turn dough out onto floured counter, kneed briefly.oil medium mixing bowl. ball up the dough. roll it around in the bowl until the exterior is oiled. cover bowl with plastic wrap and allow dough to rise for 1 hour.turn dough out onto floured counter again. kneed briefly (don't want to build up too much tension in the gluten if you're going to start immediately making crusts).using scale, divide dough into three equal portions for thin crusts, in half for thick. should be around 9-10 ounces for three crusts 14-15 for two.if saving the dough for later, oil up the tupperware bowls, put a portion of the dough in each, and store in the fridge. should be good for a couple of days.pre-heat oven with pizza stone to 500 degrees. if prepping sausage, start that too.round up the third portion. re-flour the counter. press the dough flat with hands, then with rolling pin to get major bubbles out, especially from the edges. roll out until disk is properly sized for the peel and your oven/stone. add flour and spread with your hand to prevent sticking and flip the dough. if it resists rolling out, give it a break for a few minutes. tend to the sausage if you're frying any.liberally sprinkle peel with corn meal. transfer crust to the peel. shake the peel to make sure the crust slides freely.apply toppings to pizza. occasionally shake the peel to make sure nothing's sticking.slide pizza from the peel onto the stone. (shake the peel until the edge of the pizza is on the stone in the back of the oven, and in a series of jerks, slide the peel out from under the pizza.)thin crust at 500 degrees should take about 8-10 minutes.remove pizza from stone with peel.let cool briefly so the cheese stays cut when you slice it.serve and enjoy.tags:cooking

speaklinkshareflag
 

 



15th-feb-2021 10:10 pm - wowmausersuddenly a burst of activity in my friend's feed. it's like people are suddenly rediscovering lj. weird that it takes a russian owned company to have a site with less censorship than the leading american social media sites.(although for a moment there i was looking at what seemed to be a friends of friends feed. not sure how to get back to that.)(also weird that all my replies seem to be screened. i don't recall setting that.)

5 commentsspeaklinkshareflag
 

 
previous 25 entriestop of page

profile


user: mauser
name: mauser
 
 

page summary
· are you on the list?
· well... [+5]
· worth a read [+1]
· drones and chinese scammers on amazon
· big fat political quote meme collection
· rocket man
· dr. mauser and the guns of st. mary's
· the importance of research
· my comment to an entry 'psa for millennials — an ellipsis is just an ellipsis' by cigarskunk2 [+3]
· le red jr. 1992-2024 [+3]
· new year's 2024
· space hookers must die! [+3]
· twitter still needs a rewrite [+1]
· ugh, updated my lj email, now i can't reply and they can't seem to send a validation email.... [+4]
· free story
· taxes
· new year's 2023 [+2]
· my comment to an entry 'how stupid are democrats? this stupid.' by cigarskunk2
· boat of fuckit.
· new year's 2022
· my comment to an entry 'if so, then criticizing trump was a danger to democracy too' by cigarskunk2
· came up with these this morning. [+1]
· in the wings is out! [+2]
· dr. mauser's pizza
· wow [+5]
 
 

latest month


january 2025
12345678910111213141516171819202122232425262728293031


 

search


search:


category:

site & user
faq
site
region
interest
username
email
gizmo/lj talk
aim
icq number
yahoo! id
msn
jabber




 
 

entry tags
boeing, cooking, feminism, garden, guns, household, humor, media, memories, politics, reviews, tech, twitter, video, whiteboard, writer's block, writing
 
  this page was loaded feb 16th 2025, 4:44 pm gmt.  































