




wider caribbean sea turtle conservation network (widecast)


 
































































wider caribbean sea turtle conservation network (widecast)about

vision & approach
founder
contact us


network

country coordinators
annual meeting


biology

basic biology
pictorial key
taxonomic key

sea turtle hatchlings


terminology


management

nesting beach atlas
population monitoring
regional tagging centre
threats and solutions
toolkits


conservation

iucn red list
threats and solutions

overview of threats
beach driving
beach litter and debris
beach restoration
beach sand mining
beach stabilization
beachfront lighting
personal watercraft
climate change
construction setbacks
direct harvest
fisheries bycatch
illness and injury
international trade
loss of coral reefs
coastal vegetation
marine vegetation
marine debris
beach obstacles


nwa leatherbacks
caribbean legislation
international treaties


medicine
ecotourism

why ecotourism?
must-see sites!
establishing a program
training and resources


library

widecast publications
national recovery plans
educators
wats
noaa archive


support

take action
donate
shop


you are here: homewelcome to the world of caribbean sea turtles!
the wider caribbean sea turtle conservation network (widecast) is committed to facilitating a regional capacity to ensure the recovery and sustainable management of depleted sea turtle populations.  and so we ask ourselves: “what would a sustainably managed sea turtle population look like?”  what would it look like to government?  to a fisher, a coastal community, a child?  to a hotelier, a dive operator, a tourist?  what would it “look like” to a reef, a seagrass bed, a sandy beach?  each of these entities, and many others, relies upon and/or benefits from the sea turtle population in measurable ways.
borrowing the parlance of sustainable development, a sustainably managed sea turtle population might be defined as one that meets the needs – ecological, economic, socio-cultural, political, aesthetic, spiritual – of the present without compromising the ability of the population to fulfill these roles in the future.  to this end, widecast – a volunteer coalition of experts resident in more than 40 nations and territories – seeks to bring the best available science to legislation and policy; to education, training and outreach; to conservation and advocacy; and to in situ research and population monitoring.
please join the conversation!  if policies aimed at sustainability are our goal, what do such policies look like?  what role can an individual (a community, a nation) play?  this site is designed to empower you to make more informed choices, choices rooted in the belief that the decisions we make today will create the choices of tomorrow, just as the decisions of generations past have painted the landscape we see today.  explore, learn, act!  join us!


facebookinstagram

 
dr. kimberly stewart, dvm
executive director, widecast
c/o ross university school of
veterinary medicine
island main road
basseterre, st. kitts
tel: (869) 669-4268
(869) 465-4161 ext 199
kstewart@widecast.org
dr. karen l. eckert
chair, widecast
board of directors
6116 high meadow drive
godfrey, illinois 62035 usa
cell: (314) 954-8571
keckert@widecast.org


 working together to realize a future where all inhabitants of the wider caribbean region, human and sea turtle alike, can live together in balance.

facebookinstagram
 home  -  
contact us  -  
site map  -  
© 2021 widecast

 











