






california agricultural issues lab – of the university of california








































		skip to content	



 



california agricultural issues lab
of the university of california








    menu	
home
about
people  

dan sumner
researchers  

julian alston
robin goldstein
jarrett hart
james lapsley
william matthews
josue medellín-azuara
olena sambucci


graduate student researchers  

elizabeth fraysse
tristan hanon
hanbin lee
sangwon lee
yolanda pan
scott somerville


undergraduate student researchers  

sweta conjeevaram
carlyn marsh
eliana torero


alumni


costs & returns
publications
current research
ca export data
cail in the news
cail activities
aic archives  

commodities & markets
conservation & sustainability
food security
costs & returns
international issues
management
policy
wine & winegrapes


contact

  
			scroll down to content		








posts





posted on may 20, 2024researchers at cail reported findings on demand for food attributes during the pandemic based on extensive survey data from us carrot buyers 



hanbin lee, robin goldstein, and dan sumner, economists at cail, analyzed thedemand for food attributes, specifically organic claims and fresh-cut attributes, during thepandemic. this analysis was conducted using extensive survey data collected from us carrot buyers. hanbin lee, one of the co-authors, presented these findings at the agricultural economics workshop hosted by the department of agricultural and resource economics at the university of california, davis. he reported that, during covid-19, the median estimate of willingness to pay for organic attributes experienced a slight increase. conversely, the median estimate of willingness to pay for fresh-cut attributes – referred to as “baby-cut” in marketplaces – saw a slight decrease during the pandemic.
abstract
this paper explores empirically the wtps for the organic attribute and the baby-cut attribute (a fresh-cut attribute) of carrot products and focuses on how the wtp responded to the massive economic shock and market disruptions caused by the covid-19 pandemic. a series of on-line survey responses were collected from hundreds of thousands of u.s. carrot buyers before and during the covid-19 pandemic and lockdowns. we estimate that the median estimate of the wtp for an organic attribute rose from $0.05 before covid-19 to $0.07 per pound during covid-19. the median estimate of the wtp for the baby-cut attribute fell from $0.56 before covid-19 to $0.51 per pound during covid-19. the estimates of changes in wtp were not statistically significant for either attribute even with quite large national samples.
more information: please follow the provided link for additional details.url: https://are.ucdavis.edu/department/seminars/2021/2/18/hanbin-lee/19585/




posted on june 14, 2022june 15, 2022continued drought in 2022 ravages california’s sacramento valley economy 

click here to view the study




posted on june 7, 2021february 6, 2022western drought forces farmers to make tough decisions 


 


modern farmer / june 7, 2021
droughts in california have been part of  agriculture for a very long time…california is a wonderful place for  many crops and that has not changed at all.aic director dan sumner
click here for the full article.




posted on may 13, 2021february 6, 2022which rose first: the price of chicken or corn? sumner comments on shifting markets 


 


marketplace / may 11, 2021
“so china has turned to u.s. corn, and that drives prices in the  united states,” said agriculture professor daniel sumner at university  of california, davis.he said american farmers have been growing more corn to meet demand, so they have less room for other crops.“corn takes land away from wheat. well, that reduces wheat supply,  and you increase the price of wheat as a consequence,” sumner said.
click here for the full article.




posted on april 19, 2021february 6, 2022drought adds pressure on central valley farmers as other factors cause food prices to rise. dan sumner comments on drought and food price 


 


snowpack statewide is only at 59% of its april 1 average, based on electronic measurements according to the california department of water resources.  farmers in the central valley producing water-intensive crops such as almonds  and tomatoes are already facing some difficult choices.  “it’s really serious, particularly in the central valley.”uc davis agricultural economist daniel sumner

click here for the full article.




posted on february 18, 2021aic director sumner on a panel on climate economics for california farms 


 


how california farmers view climate change action and adaptation. how
 carbon pricing and border adjustments will affect farm economics in 
california. growing use of electric tractors, trucks, and solar power on
 california farms.
click here for more information.




posted on december 18, 2020december 18, 2020california agriculture to 2050: where are headed and what issues are driving? 


 


sumner presented data and projections for the long term future of california agriculture to seed industry professionals at the uc davis seed central oniline event on december 10.
click here to view the presentation slides.




posted on december 16, 2020december 16, 2020la prevención de enfermedades relacionadas con el calor beneficia a todos 


 


the threat of heat illness remains a concern in california agriculture. this video emphasizes that farm workers and farm operators share benefit from measures to mitigate high temperatures. at about 1 min 30 sec. sumner outlines the economic incentives benefits to farm of reducing the chance of worker heat illness.



click here for english.




posted on december 16, 2020december 16, 2020heat-related illness prevention on the farm benefits everyone 


 


the threat of heat illness remains a concern in california agriculture. this video emphasizes that farm workers and farm operators share benefit from measures to mitigate high temperatures. at about 1 min 30 sec. sumner outlines the economic incentives benefits to farm of reducing the chance of worker heat illness.



haz clic aquí para español.





posted on november 17, 2020daniel sumner to testify on november 18 at the state assembly committee hearing on the economic impact of wildfires for california agriculture 


 


the impact of wildfires on california agriculturewednesday, november 18, 20201:00 p.m. to 3:00 p.m.state capitol, room 4202
panel 1: overview of the impact of wildfires on california agriculture
chief nick schuler, acting deputy director for communications, calfire ooverview of california wildfiresprofessor dan sumner, university of california – daviseconomic impact of wildfires on agriculture kevin masuhara, deputy secretary administration and finance, california department of food and agricultureemergency services – fairgrounds and ca animal response emergency system (c.a.r.e.s)
panel 2:  examples of specific wildfire impacts on farms,  farmland, and farmworkers
jamie johansson, president,  california farm bureaueddie campos, no boundaries farmdr. dave daley, rancher,  california cattlemen associationkarissa kruse, president,  sonoma county winegrowerscole mazariegos-anastassiou, brisa de ano farmarnulfo solorio, director, napa valley farmworker foundation
panel 3: agricultural-based wildfire mitigation
dan macon, university of california agriculture and natural resources/california woolgrowers)targeted grazing and wildfire fuel reductionkara heckert, american farmland trustagriculture land preservation and wildfire mitigation
closing remarks



posts pagination
page 1
page 2
…
page 52
next page  




search



			search for:		


  
		search	

cail in the newscan winemakers salvage grapes tainted by wildfire smoke?“white gold”: california farmers react to recent stormsofficials discuss putting cap on number of marijuana dispensaries in northamptonit could be awhile before egg prices fall. here are some egg substitutes, according to nutritionistsdaniel sumner to testify on november 18 at the state assembly committee hearing on the economic impact of wildfires for california agricultureaic research economist karen jetter presented “simulated costs of hospital stays under different rates of covid-19 transmission” at virtual podium 2020how covid is affecting u.s. food supply chainaic director sumner presented at the california farm bureau federation townhall on the economic impacts of the covid-19 pandemicsearch the cail site



			search for:		


  
		search	







		copyright © the regents of the university of california, davis campus. all rights reserved.










































































































































































