









welcome - st marks berowra























































skip to content









st marks berowra
knowing jesus // making jesus known



welcome


meet the team
our beliefs
our vision


livestream & sunday teaching


livestream
sunday teaching


oneaway’25
kids


kids church
playtime
kids club
kids games
sre


youth
young adults
adults


bible study
women
mens
seniors
pastoral care


give
mission partners
policies
contact us










welcome











welcome to st mark’s anglican church, berowra

we are a community of people who love and follow jesus and would love you to join us.

sunday gatherings


8:00am
a friendly anglican prayer book gathering with traditional hymns and prayers.  in 2025, communion is usually every 1st and 3rd sunday of each month.  


10:00am
a contemporary style with a family spot for all our church family. children’s ministries run alongside the main gathering. join us from 9:40am for a barista style coffee.


6:00pm
a contemporary gathering. join us from 5:45pm for a light supper.


our sunday gatherings meet at18 berowra waters road, berowra

meet our team

luke woodhouse – senior minister
luke joined us in 2022 and is married to vicki, and they have four children. luke and vicki enjoy the many opportunities of getting involved and sharing the remarkable, life-changing news of jesus christ with anyone who’s interested.
to contact luke: (02) 8722 2009email: rector@stmarksberowra.org




tim murphy- student minister (oasis + kids club)
tim is joining the st mark’s team in 2025 as a student minister while studying full-time at sydney missionary & bible college. with extensive experience working with organizations such as quizworx, we are thrilled that tim will focus on helping our primary-aged children learn about jesus and grow as his followers. in 2025, tim will primarily be with us on sunday mornings (for oasis) and friday afternoons (for kids club).
to contact tim:email: tim@stmarksberowra.org


ellyce mckirdy – children’s & families’ minister(maternity leave in 2025)
ellyce joined us in mid-december 2020, and is married to jake. they have a wonderful dachshund. ellyce loves good coffee and having a chat. ellyce is passionate about seeing children and their families come to know jesus and grow in him!



church office
to contact the officeoffice: (02)8722 2009email: office@stmarksberowra.org

facebook














	copyright © 2025 st marks berowra




















