













bridges in mathematics | the math learning center | mlc







    skip to main content
  

























main navigation


curriculum


bridges in mathematics


number corner


bridges intervention


concept quests


number rack


family support




for educators


professional learning


events


free resources


mlc blog


university relations




about us


history


team


careers


contact us




free math apps


store




















making sense of math
we believe everyone can make sense of math. our goal is to provide resources that support educators and students in realizing this potential.









image
 























                sorry, your browser doesn't support embedded videos.
    














our offerings engage learners as active participants in developing conceptual understanding and fluency, enabling them to become confident mathematical thinkers.











our elementary mathematics programs


















bridges third edition
    


bridges in mathematics is a full pk-5 curriculum featuring relevant, open-ended tasks and a coherent set of visual models to help students develop their conceptual understanding, procedural fluency, and problem-solving abilities. bridges lessons are designed to allow educators to make productive adaptations to ensure each student can develop a positive math identity.


explore bridges third edition

















 








 



bridges intervention
    


bridges intervention uses targeted, strengths-based instruction and assessment to help students understand essential mathematical skills and concepts. the program complements bridges in mathematics but can be used with any core math curriculum.


explore bridges intervention











 








 



number corner
    


number corner is a skills-building program centered around the classroom calendar. five different workouts provide opportunities to apply skills in new contexts. while number corner is an essential component of bridges, it can supplement any k–5 program.


explore number corner











 








 



concept quests
    


concept quests reinforces and extends grade-level learning by offering additional problem-solving opportunities and horizontal enrichment for all students. included with bridges third edition, it can be purchased as a supplement for bridges second edition.


explore concept quests











 








 



number rack
    


this bridges breakout centers around the number rack, a powerful tool for building intuitive, flexible computation strategies. through small-group lessons, students learn addition and subtraction while developing a rich sense of numbers by making connections between related facts.


explore bridges breakout













ready for a closer look?   preview bridges third edition











free education resources













explore our math apps
    


our free apps, based on the visual models and manipulatives featured in bridges in mathematics, can be used with any curriculum.















discover math at home
    


organized by mathematical content and grade level, these activities incorporate routines that students, families, and teachers can use in a variety of settings.















access lessons and publications
    


organized by mathematical content and grade level, these activities incorporate routines that students, families, and teachers can use in a variety of settings.















listen to our podcast
    


gain insight and practical professional learning from other math educators by tuning in to our 20-minute episodes of the rounding up podcast.


















 



 our storyfifty years ago, three math educators came together to explore effective ways of teaching and learning math. they began with a grant from the national science foundation and a shared vision of making math accessible to all learners. they formed the math learning center (mlc) as a nonprofit organization so they could continue to serve the math education community.co-founder and mathematics professor dr. eugene maier pioneered the use of visual models, many of which are now widely used throughout math education. these models remain central to our approach, as does his belief in asking questions to move learning forward.in the spirit of our founders, our programs are inquiry-based, student-centered, and focused on developing mathematical reasoning. learn more about us. 


 















what's happening at mlc?











 





  rounding up: season 3 | episode 11 in this episode, we will explore the connection between identity and mathematics learning. we’ll examine the...




title
dr. karisma morton, understanding and supporting math identity









 





  rounding up: season 3 | episode 10 in this episode, we examine the practice of building productive student partnerships. we’ll talk about ways...




title
sue kim and myuriel von aspen, building productive partnerships









 





  rounding up: season 3 | episode 9 if you are an educator, you’ve likely heard people say things like “i’m a math person.” while this may make you...




title
dr. kasi allen, breaking the cycle of math trauma























navigate


contact us


work with us


bridges second edition educator site


bridges third edition educator site









sign up for updates



social media links


facebook


instagram


linkedin


pinterest


twitter


youtube












user account menu


log in


privacy


search


terms of use





© 2005–2024 math learning center


















