






explorer preschool














































explorer preschool




about explorer
our philosophy and curriculum
our parent education
our history
our teachers
our board of directors



our programs
classes (sept-june)



admissions
application
preschool tuition and family commitments
enrichment class tuition and family commitments
faq


member resources



support explorer
explorer annual auction 2025
fundraisers
make a donation


alumni connection


contact us


jovial portal















about explorer/our philosophy and curriculumour parent educationour historyour teachersour board of directors
our programs/classes (sept-june)
admissions/applicationpreschool tuition and family commitmentsenrichment class tuition and family commitmentsfaq
member resources/
support explorer/explorer annual auction 2025fundraisersmake a donation
alumni connection/
contact us/
jovial portal/













































explorer parent participation preschool











about explorer/our philosophy and curriculumour parent educationour historyour teachersour board of directors
our programs/classes (sept-june)
admissions/applicationpreschool tuition and family commitmentsenrichment class tuition and family commitmentsfaq
member resources/
support explorer/explorer annual auction 2025fundraisersmake a donation
alumni connection/
contact us/
jovial portal/









































  

our naeyc-accredited program includes classes for children ages 12 months to pre-kindergarten taught by experienced and credentialed teachers in a diverse, educational, and welcoming atmosphere.  located in the wonderful willow glen community of san jose, explorer is a magical haven where children, parents, and teachers thrive in a supportive and enriching environment.  



our mission is to honor each child's individual ability to learn through play, and empower parents to become child advocates at home and in their community.



our philosophy at explorer is to provide a developmentally designed program with the intent of providing a strong early learning environment for both parents and children.  our children's program is based on the growing knowledge of child development.  materials and methods are research-based and children are given a choice of activities, which are supervised by the teacher and/or parents in the classroom.  parents are trained as aides through practice and observation in the classroom and through seminars and discussion with credentialed teachers.




    testimonials
  



60+ years strong! explorer preschool is extremely proud to be accredited by the national association for the education of young children (naeyc) and a member of the santa clara valley council (scvc) and the california council of parent participation nursery schools (ccppns).  explorer preschool is a non-sectarian non-profit organization and admits students of any race, color, gender, national and ethnic origin to all the rights, privileges, programs, and activities generally accorded or made available to students at the school.

 





































 





 


 






























explorer preschool’s curriculum is guided by the california preschool learning foundations. explorer preschool is accredited by the national association for education of young children (naeyc.org) and licensed by the state of california (facility #434406736).2700 booksin ave, san jose, ca 95125mailing address: p.o. box 24786, san jose, ca 95154

 



























 



 



