











home | kennett collaborative





















































menu
                            














 








explore

boutiques and specialty shops
art galleries and studios
cafés, breweries, restaurants
attractions and lodging
beauty and wellness


engage

read stories
community development initiatives
placemaking
start a business
volunteer


events

all events
ksq farmer’s market
memorial day parade
third thursdays on state street
kennett summerfest
kennett brewfest
holiday light parade
kennett square holiday village market
kennett winterfest


about

who we are
our initiatives
community partnerships
contact our team


newsletter
support


language

 








 





welcome! at kennett collaborative we work to make kennett square thrive. 







our mission
we long to see kennett square become the most beautiful town in america, where people from different backgrounds, generations, and walks of life are welcome and can afford to live and contribute to the community, where new architecture complements old, where creativity flourishes, and where everyone can belong and prosper.









stories from around the square






experience winterfest 2025: craft beers, non-alcoholic options, food, and live entertainment await!
don’t miss out on the 2025 kennett winterfest experience! get your tickets now and enjoy unlimited tastings from over 60 top-notch craft... published february 05, 2025







experience winterfest 2025: craft beers, non-alcoholic options, food, and live entertainment await!
don’t miss out on the 2025 kennett winterfest experience! get... 
published february 05, 2025




meet the merchants  
meet mezzaluna pizza, a ksq love story
ben and samantha, the husband-and-wife team behind mezzaluna pizza, have deep... 
published january 22, 2025




meet the merchants  
rooted in legacy: meghan mannon’s commitment to sourcing the world’s finest flowers at the well behaved tulip
[caption id="attachment_4448" align="alignleft" width="395"] meghan mannon, owner of the well... 
published january 08, 2025




events  
magical experiences await at kennett square’s holiday village market
kennett square, pa — kennett collaborative and square roots collective... 
published december 06, 2024





see all stories














receive our weekly newsletter join our “around the square” subscriber list to find out what’s new and coming soon in kennett square. fresh stories ship every week. 




first name* last name* email address*


  






















don’t miss these upcoming events










kennett winterfest


february 22, 202512:30-4:00 pm 


                                            reserve tickets                                        
learn more







see more upcoming events











support our work
join us in our mission to make kennett square a more beautiful and welcoming community where all can belong and prosper.

learn more










 



kennett collaborative initiatives









programs kennett collaborative's popular programs, including the ksq farmers market and third thursdays, enrich the lives of people who live and work in kennett. learn more







events kennett collaborative produces events that bring people together and that celebrate and support the local businesses that make kennett thrive. learn more







placemaking kennett collaborative helps to reimagine and reinvent public spaces through seasonal initiatives that make kennett a fun and beautiful place to live and explore. learn more










 kennett collaborative helps make kennett thrive. support our work



explore kennett collaborative 
businesses and attractions
community stories
events around town
our initiatives

contact us 106 w. state street
kennett square, pa 19348
info@kennettcollaborative.org

© 2025 kennett collaborative


receive our weekly newsletter

first name* last name* email address*


  












follow us on social 




© 2025 kennett collaborative





































