






celts & romans - ancient britain













celts

the celts



maps

celtic lands 


daily life

round houses 
celtic farming 


warfare

caractacus 
druids 


books

celtic books 
celtic books for kids 


websites

celts





 romans

the romans



maps

roman empire 


daily life

food 
goldmining 


warfare

attack on mona 
caractacus 


books

roman history 
roman history for kids 


websites

roman websites 








 r4h 




resources for history

 interactive map of roman and celtic lands (800bc-305ad) 













































































































































































































































































































explore the struggle betweeen the celts and the romans



veni, vidi, vici
"i came, i saw, i conquered" - gauis julius caesar
photo by andrew bossi [cc by-sa 2.5], via wikimedia commons



the celts and romans in britain
the celts in iron age britainin the iron age, the people of britain lived in tribes. today these people are often called 'celts'. the celts controlled most of central europe and by 700bc they also conquered the lands of northern spain. the celts were a force in britain by 480bc. celtic tribes continued to migrate to britain and to dominate the country.
use our interactive map of celtic lands and the roman empire to find out more about events that shaped their history. on the map you will see how their lands expanded but how they eventually were overtaken by the romans. the map has features to read about their history on the timeline and to see where their key settlements and trade routes were.
or use the resources below to find out more about the culture and social history of the celts and the romans.


 celtic roundhouses in iron age britain 

 
 the british celts lived in roundhouses. we know this from the archaeological remains that have been excavated and dated to the iron age. ... read more

celtic resistance to the roman invasion of britain

 caractacus v rome 

 
 caractacus and his brother togodomus led the initial british resistance against the roman invasion, commanded by aulus plautius. ... read more

celtic farming in the iron age

 farming in celtic britain 

 

the people of britain began farming about 5,000 years ago during the neolithic period (new stone age). the bronze and iron ages witnessed a number of advances in farming. ... read more 

the romans in britainthe romans with their well-organised armies became the dominant power in the ancient world. julius caesar entered the history books when he led his roman legions to conquer gaul and then in 55bc he attacked britain. the romans did not settle in britain until they renewed their attack on the island nearly a hundred years later. then they ruled much of britain until the legions departed to protect rome nearly four hundred years later.
use our resources to discover more:

 
 food in romano britain
the roman invaders contributed to the long-term improvement of the british diet by introducing proper vegetables to the island.
they brought new farming practices and crops and new breeds of animals.
learn how the rich and the poor and even the roman army ate.
discover more 



roman lady dining
image courtesy â© 'grosvenor museum, chester city council'



technology in romano britain 

 dolaucothi goldmine 

 

 what did the romans do for us?an interactive tour of a roman gold mine. includes an animation of a water wheel used to empty the dolaucothi gold mine of water. ... read more






history books and resources
read reviews of history books and history websites. 

search resources for history for historical information and find interactive history resources related to the romans and celts in britain.










author
contact
history books




