










home - oregon brewers festival



























































get the latest news and updates for oregon brewers festival.check it out 
home
about
online store
latest news
datemay 24 - june 9time12:00location300 sw naito pkwy






home
about
online store
latest news











datemay 24 - june 9time12:00location300 sw naito pkwyupdate on the 2024 oregon brewers festival!
the oregon brewers festival is once again joining with the portland rose festival to showcase some of our region’s best craft beverages at the cityfair obf tap takeover! 34 hand-selected beers and ciders—many making their debut at the fest—will be on tap during all weekends of cityfair. admission is included with cityfair tickets, and the purchase of a mug comes with a 12-ounce pour from the wide variety available.
visit the portland rose festival website for advance tickets and all the latest updates and details as they develop. cheers! 
view photos from the eventyou can see more images by following us on instagram @oregonbrewfest!view gallerycheck out our online storepurchase merchandise from the event online all year long!online storeoregon brewers festival one of the nation’s longest-running craft beer festivals, the oregon brewers festival is considered a craft beer destination, and 50,000 fans annually make the pilgrimage to beervana to drink up what the festival has to offer.

navigationhome
about
latest news


recent posts


2023 oregon brewers festival at portland rose festival cityfair!
april 26, 2023


2023 oregon brewers festival canceled
january 13, 2023


obf ’22 presales open, volunteers needed, and more!
may 20, 2022


obf returns in 2022!
january 21, 2022


thirsty lion gastropub & grill supports oregon brewers festival and local craft breweries, pledges donation to believe in beer craft brewery relief fund
august 4, 2020


tagsancestry brewery
beer festival
beer festivals
believe in beer
beneficiary
breakside brewing
brewers
brewers brunch
buoy beer
cancellation
cider
city of portland
coronavirus
covid
craft beer
craft brewer relief fund
ecliptic brewing
festival
flight network
fort george brewery
maletis beverage
meet the brewer
ninkasi brewing co
obf
oregon
oregon breweries
oregon brewers festival
oregon craft beer
pdx wav
portland
portland oregon
safe ride home
thirsty lion gastropub
top festivals
ucp oregon
unipiper
waterfront park
wheelchair accessible vehicles
© 2025 oregon brewers festival. all rights reserved. | admin login | designed by csdd


