





aasc | asian american studies center
































home

about

our historical mission
director's message
how to give
staff directory
faculty advisory committee
forms
digital management


research

faculty advisory committee
aapi policy initiative
research projects


resources

student & community projects
policy reports & publications
besol: policy reports
apacddc
asian american studies department
statistics portraits
untold civil rights stories
lesson plans
video archives


library

mission, policy, collection
bibliographic/information management
special collections
online resources
friends of the reading room
herzig papers
okura collection


funding


publications

aasc press publications
new releases
aapi nexus
amerasia journal
online access: amerasia journal
intersections: asian and pacific american transcultural studies
crosscurrents


ethnocommunications

about ethnocommunications
student film catalogue
projects


events

current events
aasc news
"power to the people" conference
2021 aasc film festival

















































 a message from director karen umemoto


 
dear aasc friends, colleagues, and supporters:

 
we are deeply troubled by the violence that has unfolded in israel and palestine, the suffering and mounting loss of life, and the growing humanitarian crisis in gaza. here at home, we raise concern over rising islamophobia and antisemitism surrounding the conflict that threaten the safety and liberty of muslims and jews alike, as we believe that all life is precious.

while antisemitism is inexcusable, charges of antisemitism are unfortunately being leveled at educators and educational institutions, effectively muffling open political discourse and expression. combined with recent movements to ban books and speech concerning issues of race and gender identity, the rights of academic freedom and freedom of speech hang in the balance. it is of utmost importance to preserve the rights to academic freedom, freedom of speech and due process in order to preserve basic democratic rights more broadly. 
 
these rights are critical for educators and students striving to heal a divided society with greater understanding of who we are in all our many hues and histories. our two focal initiatives—to increase the voices of asian americans and pacific islanders in policy making and to include our histories and experiences in k-12 and college curricula—are key to shaping new narratives that are inclusive and justice minded. alongside the other ethnic studies centers under the institute of american cultures, we continue to work together towards these and other shared aims.
 
we hope you will join us on this important journey.

with gratitude,
		karen umemoto, ph.d.
		helen and morgan chu chair and director
	    
 









   collective memories: oral histories of asian american studies founders





all rights reserved.  © ucla asian american studies center, los angeles, california

remembering alan nishio (1945-2023)
alan nishio was an exemplar of activism and service who profoundly influenced generations of students, community organizations and educational institutions.

  alan was interviewed as part of the ucla collective memories project. to learn more about him, please view his oral history interview conducted on october 30, 2018.











   project spotlights



























  reports and publications










asian american language needs in l.a. wildfires
paul ong, chhandara pech, jonathan ong, melany de la cruz-viesca, silvia r. gonzález, and bryzen enzo morales







55 years of ethnic studies at ucla
crosscurrents, newsmagazine of the ucla asian american studies center, bridging research and community since 1969








asian american voter access in l.a. county
in-language ballot use, voter experiences and effectiveness of voter outreach








asian american, latino, black and white voters in los angeles city elections
racial diversity and representation in 2020 and 2022natalie masuoka & nathan chan








by the shore of lake michigan
a translation of wwii-era japanese concentration camp poetry, recovers the lost voices of japanese immigrants








sa i gu
korean & asian american journalists writing truth to power
    	  edited by russell c. leong, karen umemoto, & soo mee kim, with vince leus










  events









october 15, 2024
book talk - carceral entanglements: gendered public memories of japanese american world war ii incarceration

ucla rolfe hall, room 2125
 
this talk with author wendi yamashita will focus on the first chapter of the book to examine how antiblackness operates within japanese american memorial practices and how that has shifted and been challenged after the murder of george floyd in 2020. seats are very limited.

tuesday, october 15, 12:00-1:30pm

learn more

 







october 15, 2024
book talk - at the edge of empire: a family's reckoning with china

ucla school of law, room 1457
 
author ed wong tells a moving chronicle of a family and a nation that spans decades of momentous change and gives profound insight into a new authoritarian age transforming the world. a groundbreaking book, at the edge of empire is the essential work for understanding china today.

tuesday, october 15, 12:15pm

rsvp here

 







october 22, 2024
institute of american cultures fall forum

zoom webinar
 
you are invited to the ucla institute of american cultures (iac) annual fall forum, featuring four of the 2024-25 chancellor's postdoctoral fellows at ucla's ethnic studies centers. featured speakers will be interviewed by ucla  faculty experts, followed by a live q&a.

tuesday, october 22, 3:00-4:00pm

register here for the webinar

 







october 30, 2024
book talk - asian american is not a color: conversations on race, affirmative action, and family with author oiyan a. poon

ucla james west alumni center - founders room
 
conversation moderated by anthony ocampo. books on sale by asucla bookzone with author signing. light refreshments will be offered. join us for the book talk in-person at ucla, or attend virtually on zoom! 

wednesday, october 30, 6:15-8:00pm

rsvp here

 










 
2024 asian american & pacific islander policy summit
"moving from collective knowledge to action"


date: friday, march 8, 2024

    ucla meyer and renee luskin conference center425 westwood plaza | los angeles, ca 90095 
 
registration is required.  please register here.
 
view the 2024 aapi policy summit program, schedule, and more information here.

 
 
the "2024 aapi policy summit: moving from collective knowledge to action," builds upon the 2023 summit that focused on reimagining california by developing solutions that establish more equitable institutions, policies, and systems that work toward social justice for all. in particular, a future inclusive of asian american and native hawaiian pacific islander communities. we invite you to join us as we continue to weave together our collective knowledge and build a future where action, power, representation and care lead to enduring impact.
 
the summit is made possible in part by the asian and pacific islander equity budget, which was a result of a statewide coalition of 116 community-based organizations and the california asian american & pacific islander legislative caucus who advocated for these funds to support the critical work in developing equity, safety, and unity for california's diverse aapi communities.
 
this event is co-organized by ucla asian american studies center, ca aapi legislative caucus, and commission on asian & pacific islander american affairs.
 
 
view the policy summit from february 10, 2023 here!
 
 
 








  what's news























remembering dr. keith terasaki (1956 - 2024)
 









professor lisa uperesa appointed to morgan and helen chu endowed chair in asian american studies
 









alumni helen and morgan chu pledge $10 million to benefit ucla institute of american cultures
 









assistant professor thuy vo dang awarded 2022-2023 c. doris and toshio hoshide distinguished teaching prize in asian american studies at ucla 
 









ucla professor kyeyoung park appointed to korea times-hankook ilbo endowed chair in korean american studies
please join us at a special reception honoring kyeyoung park on tuesday, may 30, 6-8pm pst, ucla james west alumni center, founders room








announcing amy uyematsu papers at ucla
the ucla asian american studies center is proud to announce the recent donation of papers from ucla alumnus, math teacher, and american poet amy uyematsu.








celebrating professor robert teranishi's accomplishments as the two-term morgan and helen chu chair in asian american studies













































3230 campbell hall
405 hilgard ave., box 951546
los angeles, ca 90095-1546
driving directions from google maps





phone | 310-825-2974
fax | 310-206-9844
campus mailcode | 154602







   
            
            
         







© 1969-2022 ucla asian american studies center. all rights reserved.


© 2022 regents of the university of california    |    emergency    |    accessibility    |    report misconduct    |    privacy & terms of use 



