












home | matanzas creek


  please ensure javascript is enabled for purposes of website accessibility






















      skip to main content
    




welcome tomatanzas creek
by clicking submit you verify that you are 21 years of age or older and agree to our cookie policy.
view our cookie policy
submit







main navigation


store locator


sign in


 cart 





asset 3





search










winessauvignon blancmerlotchardonnayjourneyotherlarge formatslibrary vintagesgift setsvisit ustasting roomeventslavender marketvirtual tourwine clubabout ushistorysustainabilitywinemakerblog






 



















home






matanzas creek is located in the remote, but breathtakingly beautiful bennett valley region of sonoma county. since its launch in 1977, the winery has built its reputation on sauvignon blanc and merlot – two varieties that thrive in sonoma’s temperate climate. matanzas creek also produces limited quantities of chardonnay, pinot noir and bordeaux-style reds. all of the winery’s fruit comes from sustainably-farmed, estate vineyards scattered throughout the mild interior and cool coastal avas of the county. in addition to its wines, matanzas creek is also famous for their spectacular lavender gardens. experience the estate in all its beauty at the santa rosa wine tasting room, where you can enjoy a curated wine tasting surrounded by the serene ambiance of the winery's stunning grounds.
 

 




 

explore our wines






 

experience matanzas creek






 

wine gift sets






 

featured recipes and pairings
















visit us

we’d love to walk you through a flight of our exceptional wines. call ahead and we’ll save you a seat!

6097 bennett valley road
santa rosa, california 95404
telephone: 800-590-6464 or 707-528-6464
fax: 707-571-0156
email: info@matanzascreek.com
wine club email: wineclub@matanzascreek.com
directions | email



stay connected

never miss another winery activity or discount again! join our mailing list to stay up-to-date on all things matanzas creek!
mailing list sign-up



tune in
matanzas twittermatanzas facebookmatanzas instagram


help


store locator


privacy policy


contact us


accessibility


trade


shipping


terms of use


charitable donations






matanzas creek winery, santa rosa, ca









×
            shopping cart
        



 


cart total: $0.00
items in cart: 0


continue shopping
checkout



wine club discounts will be applied at checkout




        our privacy policy document has been recently updated. accept


















