









tracing your ancestors in sturgis, oktibbeha county, mississippi






















surnames (and related families) that i am currently researching are below.  if you belong to any of these families, please drop me a line:davis, hickman, rogers, quinn, alexander, lathan, lampkin, lunningham, mccracken, hemphill, barron, frazier, hudson, wragg, edwards, johns, childers/childress, bardwell, archie, baber, banks, bevilles, harris, jackson, murray, spiva, thomas,  yarbrough, hamm, eiland, glenn and head


 














just getting started?


maps,land & property research





census





county & state resources








oktibbeha county genealogy 





click on the images above to view the usgenweb project page for mississippi, the mississippi genweb project and the oktibbeha county genealogy website.  both icons are trademarks of usgenweb and msgenweb.


mississippi research outline





this page was last updated on: october 21, 2010


© 2001-2002 raquel thiebes , "tracing your ancestors in sturgis, oktibbeha county, mississippi"any unauthorized duplication, storage, or reproduction in any form is strictly prohibited by copyright owner.  if you would like to quote from this site, you must have a link back to this site.disclaimer:  i am not liable or responsible for the results of following the advice or information on this website, although i have done my best to give you honest and factual information.  information on this site is considered a secondary resource.  please use the information as a reference or guide and then use it to find the primary resource, such as a gravestone, birth record, etc. 






  


search this site 
or 

the web
      
powered by freefind


 



 
 site search
web search




site map   

what's new   

search








forgotten resources





visiting the courthouse


slave & plantation research


history of whitefield and sturgis, mississippi





surnames & message board


churches & cemeteries


  search:  bookspopular musicclassical musicvideotoys & gameselectronics  keywords:  


sturgis, ms watertower.


if your genealogical and family history research has taken you to sturgis, mississippi (and the area of oktibbeha, winston and choctaw counties), you are in the right place!   everyone is welcome!  i want to also thank all of you who have donated records to this site.    note:  i get about one email a month or so from descendants of those buried here.  i add them to the cemetery and church lists as i get them.  if you haven't found your ancestor the first search, you may on the second!  it's thanks to you that we continually update these records!welcome to the site!  please send in your photos, copies of research, etc..to keep this site going.  this site is what it is because of all the wonderful volunteers!  if you find mistakes or discrepancies, don't hesitate to write.  please remember that these are secondary resources, and you should always follow up with the original resource, such as a gravestone.  anything recently updated can be found on our "what's new" page.   


 








people & businesses


"as long as an ancestor is remembered by the living, he is not dead; it is only when no one remembers him that he is truly dead."author unknownkeep your family history alive!





my 4th great grandmother mahaley davis and two of her sons, thomas and garfield.








oktibbeha county marriages


calendar of events & reunions


history of morgantown, mississippi











wedding of tom and viola shropshire, 3 dec 1908






our awards:





 "you have clearly put a substantial amount of time and effort into providing resources for genealogists with a research interest in sturgis and this is evident in the fantastic range of information you have available."leigh hutton


 "nicely done :)  good luck with your work, and pages."ruth anne





winston county genealogy


choctaw county genealogy


history of mississippi


noxubee county genealogy 





genealogy & sturgis family websites


newspapers














 take the time to donate your family tree data to the free ancestry world tree.  upload a gedcom from your genealogy software of all your deceased ancestors (i suggest you keep your living ones private). and you can delete and change your data anytime you wish! click here to search the world tree and to contribute! 





history of bradley, mississippi











the main street through sturgis at the 2006 motorcycle rally.
















