


harrogate home page





the city of harrogate

harrogate home page
contact page
hours of operation
about harrogate
what's  happening
city charter, codes 
parks and recreation
book station
harrogate vfd
map of harrogate
weather for harrogate
schools
fair housing/title vi
my photos
harrogate zoning
job information
harrogate utility department
annual harrogate christmas parade
annual 4th of july event
meeting agendas
harrogate merchant's association 
food vendors and food trucks
hvfd 2024 truck or treat
blog

welcome to harrogate, tennessee!





located on the borders of tennessee, kentucky & virginia, it's a great place to visit, you may want to stay!


check out the area, lots of great things to do.


  meeting canceled  the work session sceduled for january 21, 2025 has been canceled   (the regular bma meeting will be held january 27, 2025.)   things to see and do in our area  cumberland gap national parkabraham lincoln museumlincoln memorial universityharrogate city parkharrogate walking/biking trailharrogate book station,  old shawanee depot, 310 shawanee road harrogate city museum at city hallhistoric town of cumberland gapthe pinnacle overlookgap cave    you can now pay your sewer bill online. go to our utility page for the link. harrogate utility department (harrogate-tn.com)         







welcome to harrogate!


  troy poore, mayor




it is the policy of the city of harrogate not to discriminate because of race, color, or national origin in any of the city's activities. (title vi of the civil rights act of 1964 (42u.s.c.2000d). the city of harrogate is an equal opportunity provider. to file a complaint of discrimination write usda, office of civil rights, washington, dc 20250-9410.


mission statement   the mission of the city of harrogate is to provide a superior quality of life by promoting a progressive environment; committing to planned growth; and providing efficient and effective services while preserving our heritage and natural beauty.              


most affordable small towns





vision statement  the vision of the city of harrogate is to be the community of choice for residents and businesses promoting a variety of restaurants, healthcare, and service industries, including recreational and job opportunities while retaining a picturesque small town atmosphere.             randy burchette, vice-mayor         







    

















