





new retro dining restaurant furniture, dinette sets, bar stools and booths, mid century modern style.


















































click here to see our in-stock items.

click 
	here to skip to the catalog download section



please also visit our 
newretrodesign.com restaurant design services department, 
	 our
	 
newretrohotels.com hotel room design services department, our  
newretrocars.com restored classic car furniture and decor department 
	 and 
newretrobars.com 
	 for custom retro bars, counters and custom millwork.  we look forward 
	 to serving you. ph: (478) 320-2502






newretrodining.com is proud to announce 
	 the grand opening of our recently built and furnished project, the groovy diner, located in tonsberg norway.
we also have built 
	 the groovy diner in stravanger, norway and one in drammen and now one in 
	 sandefjord. to see a video walkthrough
	 click 
	 here. the complete 
	 millwork, decor and furniture package is designed and built by our
	 www.newretrodesign.com and the 1957 chevrolet bel air car couch is from 
	 www.newretrocars.com. 
	 norway certainly loves the new retro groovy diner's look.
 
 







































































(hover mouse over image to freeze frame)





newretrodining.com is proud to have designed and built the custom 
	 logo, ceiling, walls, bars, floors, mill-work, decor and furniture for the two-story 
	 long island diner in moscow and the one-story long island diner in st. petersburg, russia.  the customer's vision guided our work throughout the 12 weeks from design to delivery.  it is our hope that the russian people will enjoy this all american 
	 diner, they seem to be having a good time:
 




































(hover mouse over image to freeze frame)






newretrodining.com is proud to provide the custom retro design, decor and furniture for bud's road classic diner in riyadh saudi arabia. the concept was named after our designer's father, who had the nickname of bud. the logo used a photo of his father taken in the 1950's wearing the traditional headgear while on his 1950 harley. the space was two floors with the first floor being very bold in design for the single men only customers. the second floor is for families, and single women and includes metal rods for privacy curtains. the colors were selected to be retro, bold and biker style featuring lots of chrome and gloss black. and yes.....that car booth is a real car! below are some pictures of bud's road classic diner:
	 please visit our newretrodesign.com restaurant design services department.  
	 also, please visit our 
	 newretrocars.com restored classic car furniture and decor department.




(hover mouse over image to freeze frame)


custom designed logo











































newretrodining.com is proud to provide the 
	 custom retro banquette, booths, tables, chairs, stools, 
counter top edging and a pair of matching 1957 chevrolet 210 model back end car 
	 sofas for 777 malt shop inside the seven clans casino, located in 
thief river falls, mn.  designed and built by i-5 design, olympia, wa.  
	 please visit our
	 newretrodesign.com restaurant design services department.  
	 also, please visit our 
	 newretrocars.com restored classic car furniture and decor department.  below are some pictures of the 777 malt shop:




(hover mouse over image to freeze frame)



entrance from inside the casino

















newretrodesign.com is proud to provide the retro furniture, 
counter tops and lighting for jimbo's diner, located in 
the bernardi honda dealership in brockton, ma.  designed by regent 
associates, inc., westborough, ma and build by construction management & 
builders, inc. (cmb), lynnfield, ma.  below are some pictures from the very 
successful grand opening:



(hover mouse over image to freeze frame)


the dealership front door.
inside the showroom
view from above.
showroom entrance.
inside the showroom.
front entrance.
newretrodining.com ufo lighting fixtures.
view from above.
chief flipping burgers behind the diner counter.
newretrodining.com "v"- back booths and stools.
newretrodining.com "v"- back counter stools.
newretrodining.com "v"- back booths.
newretrodining.com "v"- back booths and stools.

























newretrodining.com is proud to provide the 
	 (1) 1957 chevrolet front end wall hanging, (1) 1956 chevrolet rear end 
	 sofa, (1) 1955 chevrolet rear end sofa,  (1) 1957 chevrolet reception 
	 desk and (5) 1950's car doors for the hilgers orthodontics estrella 
	 mountain ranch waiting room for dr. michael hilgers, located in goodyear, 
	 az.  visit our
	 newretrodesign.com 
	 restaurant design services. also, please visit our
	 newretrocars.com 
	 restored classic car furniture and decor department. this has to be the coolest orthodontist's office in the 
	 country:



(hover mouse over image to freeze frame)


waiting room.
waiting room.
waiting room.
waiting room.
kids play room.
orthodontics chair.
the retro hallway.
the retro hallway.
orthodontics chairs.
orthodontics chairs.



















 
please ask us about providing you with one of these really cool retro '50s diners:
 



newretrodesign.com artifax design 
	 is proud to provide the custom retro design services, booths, tables, chairs, metal ceiling tiles, car booths, stools and unique decor for the beverly hills diner 1 and 2 in moscow, russia. it has an exterior parking lot themed area featuring our custom car booths (yes those are real cars!) and neon wrapped drive in style canopy.  the design features authentic metal ceiling panels, wood style composite plank floors, and retro styled furniture including boomerang laminate table tops.



(hover mouse over image to freeze frame)


car booths and russian models.
car booths and server on russian tv.
car booths and server at the diner.
diner booths, mural art and metal ceiling tiles.
diner 
		booths, lighting and metal ceiling tiles.
retro bar stools and decor.
the blues brothers, car art and decor.
elvis is in the house at the diner.
retro bar on russian tv.
betty boop at the retro bar.




















             



newretrodining.com, custom usa made restaurant furniture which has a retro "feel-good 50's" style 
	 or we can customize to meet your specified requirements. great for commercial and residential 
	 use.  we offer every option to inspire the 
	 "mid-century modern furniture" new retro dining thinking imagination!



 




quality dining furniture proudly crafted by american workers!




- please scroll down -










		click here to skip to the catalog download section















click here to see our in-stock and on-sale items.



newretrodining.com as seen on the style network clean house: 
search for the messiest home in the country.  we provided our custom built 
retro 50s diner furniture to the show's designers for 
	 clean house, messiest home '09: mind games.  our 
modular set, bar tops and stools helped turn a family's basement in cincinnati 
into a retro 50's diner style game room to be proud of.






 

 please click on the images below to view the details of the mid-century modern, restaurant furniture, retro dining kitchen furniture and dinette sets, bar stools, benches, accessories, 
	 neon clocks and retro lighting to see larger views, details, pricing and ordering information or our 50's retro dining furniture collection.



click here to view the locations of our completely satisfied customers


classic diner collection:
(available to residential and commercial customers)
please click on the images below for details:





please click here or above to view our made in usa retro classic diner stools
below are our standard commercial (16 
 gauge) diner chairs:















 








 

		 

 



the following new retro dining booth seating 
	 is available in single, double, wall booth, 1/4, 1/2, & 3/4 circles or any 
	 custom configuration you need.  we can provide you 
	with world-class 
	 new retro
	 interior design services.  call us anytime and talk with one of our experienced restaurant and home mid-century modern furniture consultants.  we can help you decide what you need and provide you with a quote, including shipping, within minutes, just give us a call at (478) 320-2502.


please click on the images below for details:
new product - introducing the
		
new retro lounge 
		chair:












 	     









please ask us about our custom car benches, desks, bars & displays
(click on images below for details):










1960 cadillac sofa couch



our original car furniture is made from original cars and equipment (these 
	 are not reproductions).  this 1960 cadillac sofa couch was an
	 american restoration project. 
	 in the sofa king cool episode rick harrison arrives at rick dale's shop 
	 looking for a birthday present for his son corey. this is the custom built 
	 1960 cadillac couch that was made for rick dale of american restoration. it 
	 has black exterior and black vinyl interior. we want to make sure that 
	 people know that we received the parts back from american restoration and 
	 we are going to offer to make the exact same couch for the customer that 
	 buys this. please call us at (478) 320-2502 to get you very own 1960 
	 cadillac sofa couch, just like corey.




restaurant booth accessories:





metal
ceiling tiles, diamond tuft wall panels


and metal cornice moldings


restaurant decor accessories:





  





















click here to see our in-stock and on-sale items.


		click here to skip to the catalog download section

please click here or below to view our made in usa

retro classic diner table collection










(click here for larger view)

set price as above with discount

(excluding shipping):

4 x 
	 921hbmbsh chair

1 x bga225-prem-36x60 oval 
	 top

4 x 885 legs w/pre-drilled holes

total amount: $3,394.94

or with 6 chairs: $4,098.98



please click here or below to view our made in usa

retro classic diner table collection













click below to view our modular dining furniture selections:







click below to view our custom millwork website 
 new retro bars:










(click here 
	 or above for details)

bar prices below with discount

(excluding shipping):

2 seat bar - total amount: $6,500.00

4 seat bar - total amount: $12,00.00




newretrodining.com now 
 offers custom lettering 20" and 25" neon clocks
click below to see examples and neon clock 
		pricing and details:









click here or below to view our quick ship 
 items:




  

new retro dining - 50's style residential and commercial retro dining furniture.



     
our 1950's style retro restaurant furniture is as comfortable as it looks. we provide new retro dining furniture for the us army task force med in afghanistan, diners, restaurants around the world, including france, australia, uk, russia, finland, new caledonia,  we specialize in ice cream stores, youth centers, employee break rooms, game rooms, and your very own cool-daddy kitchen with a retro 50's kitschy mid-century modern furniture style. check out our 
	 restaurant design department.
     our 
	 classic diner collection offers new 1950's style diner tables, retro chairs, booths, benches 
	 and swivel 
bar stools. our standard items are made with heavy duty chrome plated 16 gauge tubular steel frames which is 
	 25% thicker than 
	 18 gauge and have a lifetime warrantee.
     our heavy duty diner collection offers new 1950's style diner tables, retro chairs, booths, benches and swivel bar stools which are made with even heavier duty chrome plated 14 gauge tubular steel frames which is 
	 56% thicker than  
	 18 gauge and have a lifetime warrantee.
     now selling custom neon 
	 clocks with either 20" or 25" cases.  these are on of a kind works 
	 of handcrafted neon art using a state-of-the-art precision clock movement.
     please scroll through our 100% made in the usa new retro dining collection of classic diner tables featuring 
1-1/4" or 2-1/4" bright grooved aluminum edge and your choice of 
standard matte, 
premium high gloss boomerang or
	
exclusive high gloss cracked ice laminates.
     the classic diner collection of chairs, 
stools and customizable booth benches  offer top and high quality commercial grade 1,
	grade 
2,
	grade 
3, grade 4,
	 and
	grade 5 vinyl options. our retro furniture dinette set chairs, kitchen counter swivel bar stools and booths come with thick foam padding and durable commercial and eu approved grade naugahyde, seaquest and cracked ice vinyl.
     our new 50's retro kitchen diner booths are quality made with a hardwood frame, no-sag coil steel spring 
construction, scuff-resistant vinyl covered base boards, thick foam padding and commercial and eu approved grade naugahyde, seaquest and cracked ice vinyl.  
	 please visit our custom millwork website showing retro counters and retro 
	 bars at 
	 www.newretrobars.com 

	  



please ask about our newretrodining.com gift certificates.

 



 don't be fooled by low quality foreign imports.  our mid century modern 50's style new retro dining furniture collection is proudly made in the u.s.a., and built to last a lifetime.  commercial grade for restaurants or home decor.

	  



please 
click here or on the images below for a tour of the factory floor.



proudly made by all american craftsmen & craftswomen
packaged and shipped with great care:





(this is what your shipment should look like when it arrives, the cartons are 
shrink wrapped to pallets and the table tops are protected by banded plywood 
outside the cartons to protect the edges)



click here for information about our world class restaurant design services!

 customer care is our #1 priority - which makes you #1 with us!
all items are priced and sold separately.
all prices shown are manufacturer's list pricing!
- take advantage of our customer appreciation -
apply for the tiered discount pricing program:


click here to see our quick ship items.
- the more you order, the more you save! -
(repeat customers earn cumulative credits toward tiered discount price range)



whether it's time for your retro 50's kitchen remodeling project or you're in the market for something fun, we hope you will consider your kitchen designs carefully and select our retro kitchen furniture.  you can now enjoy the comfort and secure feeling of our new 50's retro dining furniture, sent to you direct from the factory floor with discount shipping on retro furniture sets.  our retro 50's counter stool and bar stools will provide you with a total blast to the past experience.  our ultra-cool classic retro 1950's diner and kitchen 
	 tables and 
	 retro chairs, booths, benches 
	 and swivel 
bar stools.  our restaurant quality furniture and dinette sets will delight you, your family, friends or patrons.  you will enjoy your new retro dining furniture for many years to come as all frames have a lifetime warranty and the vinyl we use is the best in the industry.  
	 now our heavy duty series offers 
	 14 gauge tubular steel.

	  


be creative - mix and match any booth, table or chair!
world wide discount shipping available


click here for our information about our unique restaurant design services!


click here for our information about chair and table space requirements


click here for our information about seating and ada guidelines


click here for our information about booth seating guidelines

our catalogs are available for download by clicking on the links below:

click here 
	   to download the complete commercial catalog and price list

click here 
	   to download the complete commercial product line catalog

click here to 
 download the complete chicago booth design catalog

click here 
	   to download the vinyl and laminates samples catalog
 


 


click below for 50's fun facts:



take a step back in time with
50's retro casual dining furniture by:


our new retro 50's dining furniture is made on a per order basis.
due to high demand, delivery schedules are currently running as follows:
production lead-time: 
8-10 weeks
click here to view our terms and conditions

click here to view our privacy policy
click here to view our customers' testimonials

click here to view the locations of our completely satisfied customers
why order 
	from us?

click here to view some vintage and retro decor items









click here or on the logo below to visit our restaurant design 
	services department:




	 

	 

click below to visit our 
new retro cars website:

	 


 

 























why 
	 does steel gauge go up, as thickness goes down?
    
many people ask us "why does the thickness of steel diminish as the gauge increase (i.e. 14 gauge steel is thicker than 16 gauge steel). the explanation comes from the original development  of a gauge measurement system in which the control measurement was based on 1" thick steel plate. from this base thickness, the steel was measured in diminishing fractions such as 1/14", 1/16", 1/20" and so on. the bottom number of the fraction was adopted as the "gauge" and so 1/16" became 16 gauge, 1/20" became 20 gauge. 
	 so, the higher the gauge the thinner the steel.
    
our standard commercial chairs and stools are made using 16 gauge tubular steel which have tube walls that as a standard are 0.0598 inches thick.  this is 25% thicker than most foreign imports, which are usually 18 gauge tubular steel and is 0.0478 inches thick: ((.0598/.0478)-1) = 0.25.



we accept all major credit cards, checks, wire 
 transfer, zelle and 
 paypal.







free vinyl and 
	laminate samples are available upon request.
to order or if you have any questions, please call us anytime at our
24/7/365 customer care center:



(478) 320-2502
or click below to send us an email with your question:



some files on this website require adobe acrobat reader. if you don't have it and want it, please 
click below:



newretrodining.com is the proud supplier of fine retro restaurant furniture to jamaica joe's diner, lounge and bar, a new franchise offered by hog's breath company p/l, airlie beach, queensland australia.? the grand opening was held on december 20, 2005 and we went there to make sure the installation went smoothly.? the retro restaurant furniture arrived in perfect condition and everyone loved it all.  
 click here to see the images from the opening night.? there was excellent live entertainment provided by 
 aaron saxon and shane wilkie.






 





made in america





we are proud members of:










americans at work support american furniture makers listing of products made in the usa





here is our retro cool bowling shirt logo:



links: 
newretrodesign.com 
newretrocars.com
newretrohotels.com 
newretrobars.com


americannewretro.com
artistagallery.com



artista gallery, inc.
1004 briarcliff road
warner robins, georgia 31088
ph: (478) 320-2502








2025 artista gallery, inc. all rights reserved

