


imixs-workflow | open source workflow engine
























home
documentation
community
news
support



discuss
issue






							imixs workflow...the open source technology for business process management


project home













 
java

						build your business apps with cloud native java.
					



 
bpmn 2.0

						workflow modeling with bpmn read
							more....




 
security

						protect your business data. read
							more....




 
microservices

						run your services with docker. read
							more....









empower your business process management.
open source workflow with bpmn 2.0
					


imixs-workflow is a powerful open source workflow engine for bpmn 2.0 combining 
						low-code simplicity with enterprise-grade capabilities. designed for both developers and business users, its 
						flexible architecture enables you to automate complex business processes through visual modeling and custom development, 
						with a modern api and plugin architecture.
						
					


						imixs-workflow offers you a reliable way to transform business complexity into executable bpmn 2.0 models...


quick start
how to get started

							read our quick-start guide to find out the  right entry point for your project.
							
 quickstart...


documentation
project documentation
read the project documentation to learn how to integrate imixs-workflow into your project.
							
 learn more...


news
project news
read the latest news about the imixs workflow project on our news blog.
							
 blog...


open source
free software
imixs-workflow is free software. you can build, run and adapt imixs-workflow for any platform.
							
 follow us on github......


why imixs workflow?

imixs-workflow follows an open, scalable, and robust architecture with full transaction support. 
						it runs on top of the jakarta ee technology, ensuring maximum scalability and vendor 
						independence. 

						you can run imixs-workflow also as a microservice in any container environment 
						for maximum flexibility and integrate the bpmn engine into any application architecture using 
						its rest api. 
					

						based on bpmn 2.0, imixs-workflow features an event-driven modeling concept that simplifies the design of human-centric 
						workflows. 
						security policies can be defined directly 
						in bpmn models to protect your business data. rather than being hard-coded, security becomes transparent and easily adjustable.
					


screenshots & examples

















×


<
>


general goals and license
the imixs workflow project provides all results under the
						gpl with a dual-license model, to meet the usage and distribution
						requirements of different types of users.
if you respect the terms of the open source licence, then
						you are free to use imixs workflow in your own software project.
						for oems, isvs, and vars who distribute imixs workflow with their
						products, and do not license and distribute their source code
						under a compatible licence model, imixs workflow provides a
						flexible commercial license.

contact for
							more information.




the community

								imixs workflow is an open source project and we sincerely invite
								you to participate in it. there are different ways how you can
								do that. join the imixs workflow project now on github. you
								can help to improve the project by reporting bugs or start
								a new discussion.

							



imixs services

								imixs is a software company located in germany / munich. we are
								specialized in business process management solutions (bpms). we
								offer professional services and consulting for open source and
								individual software projects. imixs software solutions gmbh - munich







community

documentation
discussions...
ask
								your questions
the
								latest news
imixs-workflow
								on github

quick links

how
								imixs-workflow works
bpmn
								modeling
the
								imixs-rest service api
the
								imixs-jsf-sample application
the
								imixs admin client

contact

support and services









 
			© 2006-2025 imixs software solutions gmbh | contact | impressum









