





north shore striders – a running club in massachusetts for runners of all abilities
































 











 skip to main content skip to primary sidebarhome
news
club info

weekly training runs
strider gear
newsletters


race info & recaps
membership
north shore stridersa running club welcoming all ages and abilities based in beverly, massachusetts 


latest newsthe great stew chase 2025andrew moorefebruary 3, 2025thank you to north shore strider race director, roger perham, for the great stew chase! thank you to mike pelletier for leading the volunteers! nss team ran strong on a very chilly and challenging course. rosie kyes and john ayers ran strong post-surgeries! john klemm ran superbly, winning her age group! nss teammate, vince swiniuch,…
continue reading the great stew chase 2025

more news2024 run-a-latke 5kandrew mooredecember 30, 2024the nss team was out in force @ the run-a-latke 5k race. special thanks to our nss teammate, allie vered who did an amazing job directing this fun 5k.  the post race goodies were terrific & the awards were very generous.  many nss placed in their age groups too. john ayers finished 4th overall with a strong 18:55 (most amazing with only 3 weeks of training post knee surgery) & rebecca imperiali ran…
continue reading 2024 run-a-latke 5k
mill cities relay 2024andrew mooredecember 9, 2024north shore striders had a great run at the mill cities relay. thank you to ron imperiali & john linsley who were our club representatives . this is a big commitment as they both attended numerous meetings. also a big shout out to our race day volunteers: mike & anne pelletier, cheryl welsh, dave newhall, vanessa diranian, and mike & jill page. here is the link to mill cities results. nss team…
continue reading mill cities relay 2024
primary sidebarnorth shore striders
north shore of massachusetts based running club welcoming runners of all abilities since 1974. become a member and run with the north shore striders!
visit us on facebook!
facebook
race sites
mill cities relay
usatf


recent posts


the great stew chase 2025


2024 run-a-latke 5k


mill cities relay 2024


2024 lone gull 10k


striders shine at lynn woods



search the site ...
club officers
president,	jill page
vice president,	cheryl welsh 
treasurer,	gary freedman
asst. treasurer, dave newhall
secretary,	betsy o’brine
membership, 	jennifer o’neil	 
uniforms/clothing, laura parrow
usatf coor., mike pelletier

webmaster,	andrew moore
copyright © 2025 · north shore striders - a running club for runners of all abilities. 























