




















boys and girls club of huntington valley



































































 
menu 





homeour programs▼before & after school carespring break day camplicensed preschoolssports leaguesclubhouse academytwilight education projectwho we are▼overviewlocationssafetyclub leadershipemployment opportunitiessee our programs in actionwhatever it takesnews & events▼upcoming eventsnewsletters & annual reportsclub newsgive & volunteer▼volunteergive – donate online todaymore ways to giveira giftslegacy giving – heritage clubdonor advised fundattend an eventmatching giftssponsor a sports team 











 donate

parent login
contact us
 donate







home
our programs

before & after school care
spring break day camp
licensed preschools
sports leagues
clubhouse academy
twilight education project


who we are

overview
locations
safety
club leadership
employment opportunities
see our programs in action
whatever it takes


news & events

upcoming events
newsletters & annual reports
club news


give & volunteer

volunteer
give – donate online today
more ways to give
ira gifts
legacy giving – heritage club
donor advised fund
attend an event
matching gifts
sponsor a sports team


 



great futures start here.






about us
our mission


donors
ways to give


volunteers
how you can help


events
attend an event

















give your child the best place to learn, play, explore & grow
enrolling your child at the boys & girls club opens the door to a world of opportunities! every day at our 12 locations, children have the chance to try new things, build friendships, get the support they need to succeed in school, get active, and have fun! whether you’re looking for sports programs, enrichment programs, homework help, or simply fantastic childcare you can count on, join the club! we have just what you’re looking for.
download spring program




our programs



 
before and after school care

looking for affordable before and after school programs with transportation to/from school? the club has everything you need, with award-winning programs for grades k-8.
register
learn more




 
spring break day camp

join the club for fun-filled days with friends during spring break. the club will be open from 6:30am – 6:00pm during school breaks.
register
learn more




 
licensed preschools

the boys & girls clubs of huntington valley offers childcare / daycare and preschool programs for children ages six weeks old to six years old at our two preschools in huntington beach and fountain valley.
pre-enroll
learn more




 
sports leagues

the boys & girls clubs of huntington valley proudly offers basketball, arena soccer, and indoor volleyball. our leagues are open to all children in fountain valley, huntington beach, and surrounding areas.
register
learn more




 
clubhouse academy

the clubhouse academy center for the performing arts proudly serves families in fountain valley, huntington beach, and the surrounding areas. our programs are designed to fill our community’s need for a performing arts and fitness center.
register
learn more




 
oakview branch after school program

the oak view branch of the boys and girls clubs of huntington valley is a school-age (ages 5+) after school recreation center, offering free activities and programs to children in the oak view community.
learn more




 
elop 

the boys & girls club partners with local school districts to offer the expanded learning opportunities program (elop) free of charge for qualified families in the huntington beach city and ocean view school districts. learn more to discover which grade levels and schools participate.
learn more




 
twilight education project

in neighborhoods throughout huntington beach, fountain valley and westminster, english language learner families receive education enrichment and mentoring activities free of charge.
learn more







our impact
the boys & girls clubs of huntington valley offers children in our community the very best programming. the club has earned numerous honors, ranking our programs among the top in the state and the nation.


12
											locations in huntington beach & fountain valley										

4k
											youth served each year, from infants to teens										

50+
											performing arts and martial arts classes offered each week 										


learn more
 donate
















bgchv is proud to partner with the following organizations

























join the club




 follow us
					











get in touch

boys & girls clubs of huntington valley
16582 brookhurst st, fountain valley, ca

 (714) 531-2582
 admin@bgchv.com





resources
español
locations
careers
faqs


connect










						© 2025  boys and girls club of huntington valley						· admin
																		 ·  web design by bigimprint.com
















