







mountain vista campground - family camping in the pocono mountains



































home



 




 















home
menu
home
our campground

amenities
photo gallery
map & policies
testimonials
faqs
brochure


fun stuff

activities
attractions
events calendar


book your stay

campsite rates
cabin camping
reservation request
online deposit
camping specials
seasonal camping


contact us
 










"my happy place"









"generations of memories"









"old-fashioned campground"









"friends & quality time"









"fun for all kids"








welcome!



 welcome to mountain vista campground, your scenic retreat into the pocono mountains of northeastern pennsylvania—the perfect setting for your unforgettable summer experience with the family. 







 

rv camping

more







 

cabin camping

more







 

tent camping

more










 

calendar of events



may
from mother’s day to memorial day, we’re kicking off the camping season with a host of awesome weekend activities for the whole family, plus a veteran’s discount weekend. mountain vista is the place to be this season!


june
ring in the summer season with a june stay! we’ve got a huge book-for-the-month discount, so enjoy a wildlife presentation, plus father’s day craft beer tasting and our carnival weekend!



july
summertime is in full swing with a jam-packed july calendar at mountain vista. independence day, pool parties, scavenger hunt, christmas with a visit from santa and new year’s in july… there’s fun the whole month through!


august
we have some great unique events for our guests in august, kicking off the month with our rock of ages weekend and keeping the party going with amazing entertainment, magic show and a super-exciting dinosaur weekend!



september
the pocono mountains are absolutely beautiful in september, and mountain vista keeps the summer season going with a special labor day weekend, chili cook-off, wildlife presentation and painting classes!


october
you just can’t beat pocono mountain fall foliage. for our halloween weekend, wine-tasting event, and fall fun, mountain vista campground is the place to be in october!

 



discover mountain vista



 

 our park







 

 our cabins







 

 our area









 





on-site fun
mountain vista campground’s wealth of activities and on-site fun means the whole family will be happily entertained during your stay in the poconos. swimming pool, yard games, rec fields… however you have fun, we’ve got it!
more

discover the poconos
 adventure, excitement, and some of the most scenic and memorable experiences in the northeast united states await you in pennsylvania’s pocono mountains. come discover what makes the poconos so special!
more
 






moments at mountain vista
photo gallery
















































































 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 








more













 





facebook
twitter
youtube
instagram




 

facebook
twitter
youtube
instagram




© 2020 mountain vista campground. 415 taylor drive, east stroudsburg, pa 18301
accessibility statement







 



 



 



 



 



 



 







	website design by campground studios


















