







western mass emergency medical services



























































































home







committees









executive committee and regional council




region 1 county ems committees




standing & special committees of the board




wmems meetings & minutes




wmems staff



classes / training









ma oems links




open m&ms




recertification




region 1 open classes




region 1 training officers




wmems training information




nero’s law




first responder training



advisories/forms/protocols/lists









dph and oems waivers/advisories/guidance




protocols/point of entry/equipment & medication lists



resources









critical incident stress management




ems week info




equipment rental




map of wmems coverage area/region 1




regional awards/save awards




western massachusetts ambulance services




western massachusetts hospitals




wmems projects & programs



mci

links

contact






western mass emergency medical services












 
all meetings are virtual until further notice.
governor baker issued an executive order on 3/12/2020 suspending or altering mgl 30 open meeting law requirements. legislation to extend these requirements 3/31/25 has been signed by the governor. until further notice, the majority of meetings will be virtual on the zoom platform. please reach out to us at wmems for the link to a scheduled meeting. you must request the link no later than 24 hours pror to the meeting start time. if/when in-person meetings are scheduled we will post the location on our calendar.
 

western mass emergency medical services
wmems committee, inc., is a regional nonprofit corporation committed to improving the delivery of emergency medical services to residents of berkshire, franklin, hampden and hampshire counties in western massachusetts.
designated by the massachusetts department of public health, the committee coordinates communication among and enhances the efficiency of providers of ems including, ambulance services, first responders and hospital emergency departments. through its work, the committee evaluates and sets standards of quality for regional ems, offering training, education and medical services research opportunities and developing appropriate protocols and policies for implementation.
as a regional corporation, the committee seeks regular input and broad representation on its board from the communities and constituencies it serves: consumers, municipal governments, hospitals, ambulance services and other providers of emergency medical services across the four-county area.
there are five regions in massachusetts. western massachusetts ems serves region 1, which includes berkshire county, the majority of franklin county, hampden county and hampshire county.


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
















search


go!






western massachusetts emergency medical services inc.
physical address: 30 locust st (1st floor of mccallum building @ cooley-dickinson hospital), northampton, ma 01060
mailing address: p.o. box 1278, northampton, ma 01601
m-f 0800-1600
closed on state/federal holidays
office: 413-586-6065
fax: 413-586-0947

see calendar and news at the link below!
agency calendar










latest news






search re-opened: wmems tech advisor position



posted: fri, jan 03, 2025




town of richmond job posting



posted: thu, jan 02, 2025





new executive director


please welcome lisa herringshaw to the executive director role!

posted: mon, nov 25, 2024



read more news...










© 2025 western massachusetts emergency medical services inc.
|
software by montague webworks


|


powered by rocketfusion






admin login












edit image

×







close








browse all images

×






close






















