












online astrology & amazing astrological predictions: 2025 powerfortunes.com

















































 


















you are here »
home »home page on powerfortunes.com »


jump to ▼

astrology
tarot
talismans & amulets
latest articles
horoscopes
lucky charms
mantra affirmations
related topics








 











powerfortunes.com





powerfortunes.com has been online since june 2003 and is an astrology website with an over 90% customer satisfaction rating. this is our home page, visit our 'about us' page for more information about us.
explore, you'll discover many interesting features and services and why so many of our visitors keep returning. if you don't find what you're looking for, please let us know. the links to all our pages are in the red menu above ⇑.


astrology


astrology readings
you don't have to believe in astrology to know that there are ups and downs in life, but our readings can reveal the reasons and timings of important life events, as well as help you make sense of problems that have no apparent solutions.
if you're not sure of your exact time of birth, we can answer your questions using a horary chart. 
let us use our knowledge of the zodiac, to answer your questions about the future!



horoscope compatibility

how compatible are you and your partner?what kind of people can you form successful personal and professional relationships with?what does your horoscope say about your love life?
get a detailed horoscope compatibility report to find out. or choose a report for an area of interest to you.



astrology reports
discover more about yourself and your life, through our range of personalised reports, including those for:

» gambling
» love & relationships
» career prospects
» financial life
» health

learn how to avoid bad luck and how to get more out of life.



advertisement

tarot


tarot readings
everything happens for a reason and tarot cards are one of the most insightful ways to make sense of the past, present and  future. send your questions to our resident tarot reader. our readings will help to guide through life's uncertainties.


fortune telling cards
we need not explain how knowledge of the future can be of benefit. our tarot derived fortune telling cards have unlocked the secrets of the future, from ancient times to the present day, for the lucky few who have had access to them. now you too can join this select group. what's more, you only need rely on your own predictive powers and no one else's. find out how powerfortunes' fortune telling cards predict the future with such accuracy.



talismans & amulets



energised amulets
we all get the feeling sometimes that luck isn't going our way, that we don't get the breaks we ought to. well, you can only try your best and the rest is up to fate. or is it? well, yes and no - while you can't completely alter destiny, you certainly can influence the direction it's taking you in. that's exactly what our energised talismans do – help you to put luck in your corner. find amulets for prosperity, success, obstacles, good health, romance and relationships and more, or choose from our range of exclusive 'special combination talismans'. this isn't too good to be true, these are genuine, powerfully energised objects, that will quickly deliver positive results into your life.



vedic talismans
what is a vedic talisman? what is the relationship between heavenly objects, talismans and human existence? we explain how our talismans are made, how they are consecrated and how they work.



latest topics & opinions

our articles and blogs section is where celestial insights meet human understanding. our guidance, opinions and knowledge cover all aspects of the cosmic realm and are what set us apart from the rest. these are the newest additions:




astrology and planetary aspects

29th jan, 25by powerfortunes
a comprehensive explanation of planetary aspects. details and examples of the aspects of each planet.




astrology predictions for the 2025 trump presidency

25th jan, 25by vishaal
astrological predictions for donald trump, based on the horoscope chart for the 2025 presidential inauguration.



horoscopes


free horoscopes
what zodiac sign do you fall under according to the vedic system? view your monthly online, horoscope predictions for, february 2025. you'll also find yesterday's, today's (sun, february 16) and tomorrow's daily horoscopes, tarot cards, lucky numbers and ephemeris through our highly popular, 'daily horoscope prediction' page.



personalised horoscopes
have your personalised monthly horoscope predictions delivered to you by e-mail, or order a gift reading for a friend. every month, you will be sent a personalised report, based on your specific chart and this will relate to all the important events in your future.







get the powerfortunes.com app ⤓












advertisement
customers say »»more testimonials →

advertisement
✔ stay in touchjoin powerfortunes.com's newsletter subscription. never miss our best articles, predictions and offers.name* :you may enter your first name or full name, placing your first name first and surname last.e - mail* :to ensure that our e-mails reach your inbox, please add,  to your e-mail account address book and mark our e-mails as not spam.our privacy policy.
titles on ©amazon.com* ▼*powerfortunes is an accredited ©amazon merchant and participant in the amazon.com services llc, associates program. commissions will be earned on qualifying purchases.


advertisement ▼*powerfortunes is an accredited ©amazon merchant and participant in the amazon.com services llc, associates program. commissions will be earned on qualifying purchases.
popular customer choices »these talismans are a favourite choice with many customers:advertisement

advertisement
advertisement


lucky charms





lucky charms
browse a unique range of lucky charm lockets, bracelets and lucky key rings, combining the powers of vedic talismans and good luck charms. is there a lucky charm that can help you to win the lottery?



 
get your lucky numbers ➩
 



mantra affirmations





positive affirmations
download our mantra mp3s to learn to recite them like a pro. use the power of these positive affirmations to achieve your goals in life. or, load them to your mobile phone and receive your calls with a spiritual ringtone.


do you like our content?  ▼

well, don't keep it to yourself. please click ↴










topics recommended for you
astrology news february 2025astrology predictions for the 2024 summer solsticethe mysterious fortune telling cardswhen and where will saturn turn retrograde in 2024?




we and selected partners use cookies or similar technologies as specified in our privacy policy. continuing to browse, interact with any link or button on powerfortunes.com, or by otherwise engaging with any content on our webpages, will be deemed as your acceptance of the terms of our privacy policy.page last modified on: 2024-04-05






features

good luck charms
talisman secrets
zodiac sign characteristics
lucky draw



topics

astrology explained
methods of fortune tellingtopics & opinions
planets rule
fortune telling cards



help

contact us
how to order
site map
privacy policy
shopping policies



about powerfortunes.com

about us

partner us
testimonials
write for us




astrology

q & a predictions
horoscope matching
astrology reports



tarot

in-depth tarot readings
free fortune telling
free tarot reading
online tarot assistant



talismans

buy amulets
your lucky charm
lucky combinations
chants & affirmations



predictions

fortune telling options
free horoscopes
zodiac sign calculator





'powerfortunes.com'
h.b. colony, nahan - 173 001, himachal pradesh, india.em@il, help@powerfortunes.com




 
 
 
 
 




©copyright 'power fortunes' 2003 - 2025. all rights reserved. best viewed at a screen width of 300 pixels and over, on almost all platforms.





chat 💬➤




