
























turbonegro











































video
live
news
bio
contact
shop
  






 







video













live










news












follow on instagram        





this error message is only visible to wordpress admins
there has been a problem with your instagram feed. 

comments box svg iconsused for the like, share, comment, and reaction icons 

this message is only visible to admins.	
				problem displaying facebook posts. backup cache in use.	
									

error: unsupported get request. object with id ‘posts’ does not exist, cannot be loaded due to missing permissions, or does not support this operation. please read the graph api documentation at https://developers.facebook.com/docs/graph-api
type: graphmethodexception


 




bio




turbonegro are widely known for their kick-ass performances, larger-than-life antics, irreverent humor, and unique synthesis of punk, glam, classic and hard rock. formed 1989 in oslo, the band quickly gained a cult following with their provocative lyrics and flamboyant image.
turbonegro will be back touring internationally in 2025, for the first time since 2019.

early years and evolution
the band’s original lineup consisted of bassist thomas seltzer (aka happy-tom) and guitarist rune grønn (aka rune rebellion), who has remained core members throughout the band’s career, and a rotating cast of musicians until a stable lineup formed in the mid-90s. fronted by charismatic vocalist hans erik dyvik husby, aka hank von hell (1972-2021 r.i.p.), and with the further addition of guitar wonderboy knut schreiner (aka euroboy), the band’s suggestive denim & leather image — featuring exaggerated plays with masculinity and sub-cultural stereotypes — challenged norms and sparked controversy. 
turbonegro’s breakthrough came with the now classic ass cobra (1996), but it was their 1998 album apocalypse dudes that cemented their status as underground rock legends. the album blended punk aggression with glam rock influences, bringing comparisons to bands like the stooges, the ramones, and alice cooper.
breakups and reformations
turbonegro went through a tumultuous period when hank von hell’s personal struggles led to the band’s breakup in 1998. their fanbase continued to grow, however, and in 2002 the band reunited for a handful festival shows. releasing a new album scandinavian leather in 2003, followed by party animals (2005) and retox (2007), this period brought continuous worldwide touring, significant commercial success and entrance into mainstream culture for the band. 
turbonegro’s high-energy, punk-infused rock made their music a great fit for the chaotic, daring vibe of mtv show jackass (and spinoffs viva la bam and wildboyz), and some of their songs, like “the age of pamparius” and “all my friends are dead,” became anthems for the show and its fanbase.  
hank’s struggles with addiction continued, however, and led to his eventual departure in 2010. marking the end of an era for the band. 
modern era and new frontman
following hank’s departure, tony sylvester, former president of the london branch of turbonegro´s fan club, stepped in as the new frontman, leading up to the sexual harassment album in 2012.
their most recent album, rocknroll machine (2018), continues turbonegro’s signature style, but with a more synth-infused rock sound that pulls from influences across heavy metal, classic rock, and 80s glam. all with a tongue-in-cheek nod to current day ai topics. tracks like “well hello,” “hurry up & die,” and the title track, combine their trademark humor, punchy riffs, and stadium punk energy. the album was well-received, both by longtime fans and newcomers, and solidified their status as a band that could evolve while staying true to their rebellious spirit.
legacy and cultural impact
turbonegro’s influence extends far beyond their discography. their dedicated fanbase, known as the turbojugend, is a worldwide network of denim-clad fans that gather in cities for shows and social events.
even with the edge of changing lineups, controversial imagery, and pushing boundaries, turbonegro’s legacy as pioneers of the deathpunk genre remains untarnished. their music is still celebrated for its energy, attitude, and refusal to conform, making them a standout act in the world of rock.





contact




management:
mail@turbonegro.com
worldwide booking:
david.ball@caa.com
except norway:
booking@scantalent.no


 

universal music norway is part of universal music group n.v.
© copyright 2025 universal music group n.v. all rights reserved.
terms of service / privacy policy













