




the civil war antiques preservation society home






























			 home
		  

		
			 authentication services
		  

		
			 honorary members
		  

		
			 seller services
		  

		
			 contact us
		  

	




articles



				 article i - english imports
			




				 article ii - mcdowell pattern cap
			




				 article iv - us infantry frock coat
			




				article v - regulation us eagle drum
			











what is the civil war antiques preservation society?




the civil war antiques preservation society is a not-for-profit civil war artifacts institution and private museum. we secialize in research, authentication, and the procurement of civil war artifacts. our mission is to save through acquisition, civil war artifacts that otherwise would continue to be improperly cared for or even worse, lost for ever. however, we can only accomplish this with the help of those interested in preserving civil war artifacts that otherwise would go unknown to fellow researchers and to the public. as members of the prestigious sothebys.com and as consultants to other museums, auction houses and historical societies, we strive to enlighten and share with those interested in our civil war past. 





our services will help individuals, collectors, and institutions identify and authenticate the civil war artifacts they may have. we are not a civil war antiques dealer.we are however civil war antiques preservationists who constantly seek the opportunity to procure genuine civil war artifacts for our collection. we feel historically significant artifacts should not be traded or sold randomly without any regard to their historic significance. as you can see, we feel very strongly that civil war artifacts are to be shared and not remain in trunks or boxes, never to be given the proper respect, research, or preservation they deserve. 





 you will find that along with our services, we also offer a periodic article pertaining to a particular subject matter; for example, one month we may explore the springfield musket and another month we may explore the richmond musket, both of which were very important arms in the civil war. the information contained in these articles will prove to be an invaluable source for those wishing to learn more about civil war equipment, weapons and the personal items of the soldiers. 





finally, our site includes a seller services page. this page is intended for those considering selling a civil war antique and will contain information and questions that can be answered and then e-mailed directly to us for further evaluation.






thank you for visiting our site and please visit our links page. we look forward to hearing from you and thank you for your interest in preserving our civil war heritage. 




our guarantee




we go to great lengths to provide the most accurate results available for the items we examine. we are constantly consulting with other institutions and individual experts with respect to civil war antiques. your confidentiality and satisfaction is our highest priority.
















boston massachusetts - museum
				71 commonwealth avenue
				boston, ma 02116
washington, dc maryland archival and soldier research office/museum
				8775m centre park drive
				suite 530
				columbia, md 21045 



				please call - (410) 750-350




			copyright © 2025
privacy policy | terms of use
powered by web-cat copyright © 1996-2025 graycat systems



