










rita's blog – life … love … inspiration



















































home
about me
faq












i am a country girl saved by grace, and i love to be inspired and to inspire.  my favorite quote is by helen keller:  the best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched.  they must be felt with the heart.  i hope you enjoy your visit here and your heart is touched in some small way with peace, joy and inspiration. ~ rita
















inspiration 
horses at sunset








enjoy the little things, for one day you may look back and realize they were the big things.
robert brault
as the sun sets on the horizon, these beautiful horses graze peacefully in the golden light. their beauty and grace are a reminder of the simple pleasures in life. the image of these horses inspires me to live in the present, embracing the beauty in nature and all of life’s experiences.
savor the moments and appreciate and find joy in the little things.



july 12, 2019


written by: rita






inspiration 
god’s guidance








thy word is a lamp unto my feet, and a light unto my path.
psalm 119:105
david, who wrote psalm 110, repeatedly affirms that god’s word is his “counselor” (v.24).  david says that god’s word gives him “strength” (v.28), and brings him “comfort in affliction” (v.50). the psalmist recognizes that by adhering to god’s instructions, he can walk in righteousness and experience the blessings that come with it.  god’s word is transformative in the life of the believer.
all that david says about the power of the word of god in his life is true of my own. the beautiful photo above conveys the message that the light of god’s word will light your path so that you will arrive safely at your destination.
the lord is a compassionate and faithful guide to his children!



july 12, 2019


written by: rita






love 
50th wedding anniversary








ed and i, fifty years after being wed, june 26, 1969
waking up and realizing we had been married a half century was surreal. we met at church, when our family started going to ed’s church, in the early 60’s, and we had our first date, in 1966.  we dated three years prior to our wedding, and because we were so young, we grew up together. now we are growing old together, which is even sweeter.
there is no way to have known how fast these years would fly by, but they have. they have been very good years, and we have lived each day to the fullest.
we have been spending a lot of time the past few weeks reminiscing about our decades together, and it has been heart warming and lots of fun. ed and i have made countless wonderful memories over these years, and we are grateful for all of them.
we are blessed!



june 26, 2019


written by: rita












              recent posts 

horses at sunset


god’s guidance


50th wedding anniversary


   categories 
inspiration

love


   meta 
log in
entries rss
comments rss
wordpress.org 
          © 2019 copyright premiumcoding // all rights reserved
zarja was made with love by premiumcoding
     









 
