





jcb usa – international payment brand from japan












































skip to content



toggle navigationaccepting jcb in the usawhy jcb in the usa?jcb card acceptancetest your terminal for jcb acceptancepayment intermediariessignage & logosresourcesproduct partnersemv (j/smart™)jcb contactless3ds (j/secure™)for cardholdersspecial offersusing a jcb card in the usatravel guide powered by discover®about jcb usawhat we do in the usajcb brand conceptcareerscontact us
 





top pagey2design2025-01-27t15:25:37-08:00 
gateway to consumers in asiaaccepting jcb opens business to a new world of customers164m+
cardmembers*
53m
merchants
jcb is a major global payment brand and a leading payment card issuer and acquirer in asia.
jcb cards are now issued in 18 countries and regions, including japan, china, south korea and taiwan.
we offer high-quality and value added products to benefit merchants globally.
as of september 2024
*cardmembers include other payment related products and estimates.
international brands payment networkjcb has built reciprocal relationships with other major international payment brands.
jcb cards are accepted in the u.s. through our partnership with discover® global network, and in canada, australia, and new zealand through american express international, inc.
we are continuing to strengthen our partnerships to provide further convenience for our cardmembers.
what we do in the u.s.we support our merchant partners across americas to enable seamless and compliant payment gateways, that accelerate business growth and competitive advantage.
learn moreaccepting jcb cardaccepting jcb allows access to unique demographics across the rapidly growing and developing apac region.
learn moreshow the jcb logoincrease your volume and improve your customer’s experience by displaying the jcb logo. simply displaying the jcb logo at checkout has influenced merchants’ payment volume directly.
learn morepartner with jcbwe build relationships with payment intermediaries. why not open your merchants’ door to a new global customer base with jcb? the alliance between jcb and discover global network provides payment intermediaries and their agents new revenue opportunities.
learn morepayment solutionsjcb has made the improvement and expansion of the payment infrastructure a priority. in addition we are working to develop a new technology that will be a key component in providing services to our customers
learn more



 
 
footer menulegal & privacysite mapcontact usjcb global websitelegal & privacysite mapcontact usjcb global website© 2025  jcb international credit card co., ltd.

 
 
page load link






we use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. by clicking “accept”, you consent to the use of all the cookies.



accept
cookie settings

 



























close gdpr cookie settings






 


privacy overview




performance cookies





 








privacy overview

this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.





performance cookies

this anonymous information tells us how you visit our website and includes the information regarding what you find interesting. we use this information to optimize our web site to best suit your needs.




enable or disable cookies










if you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences.












enable all
save changes

 













go to top




