


salt lake's award winning restaurants for 2025  |  dining in utah since 1998









      
      



      
dining in utah  .com 
            
our 2025 edition






    










































covid-19 updates : 
if a business requires a mask, please wear it  -  or go somewhere else
try to maintain social distancing of six feet...
wash your hands with soap and water numerous times during the day
 keeping informed on the latest coronavirus updates, 
our utah.gov's official site 



exploring salt lake city's best restaurants!





welcome to dining in utah, our official online edition  -  celebrating our 27th year!



each week we'll continue to report on salt lake's dining scene which is more diverse, and quite frankly, more delicious than 
ever!  from craft brewers and canyon dining, steakhouses to seafood, italian to mexican, cozy cafes and bistros 
to fine dining, and just some great places to experience exceptional food and drinks.  
savor the best of salt lake's award-winning restaurants with dining in utah.




dining in utah was created as a helpful free service so you can explore salt lake city's finest restaurants!  
when we moved to salt lake many years ago, the culinary choices were few and the emphasis was on buffet-style joints.  
being from back east, this didn't sit well with us - so we started our own utah dining guide.



restaurant week in salt lake is known as dine-o-round.  and it's actually not just one week, but two weeks in october.  
it is limited to downtown salt lake because it was created by the downtown alliance which is affiliated with the salt lake 
chamber of commerce.  
so, many great restaurants throughout the salt lake valley are not invited, and that's a shame.  for now, this is the best 
we have.  
past dine o round's have been huge successes and the next dine o round hopes to return in october 2025, virus permitting. 
 salt lake city's dine o' round - 2025 the corona 
virus has this on hold.  





how about park city?  october now features park city's annual dine about and has returned.  
similar to salt lake's dine o round, this annual event runs for 
9 days in october ( the 14th thru the 22nd ) and features lunches or dinners from your favorite area restaurants - 
just $10 or $15 per person for each lunch, and $30, $45 or $60 per person for each dinner. this is your chance to enjoy the 
variety of culinary options park city has to offer - no coupons, no punch cards, no strings attached as you simply walk in, 
ask your server for a dine about menu, and enjoy.
   park city's dine about - october 2025


stand up to cancer is a groundbreaking initiative created to accelerate innovative cancer research that will get new therapies to patients quickly and save lives now.  
please join this movement today.  visit their site and  subscribe to their newsletter.

when you become a part of the stand up to cancer online community, you are becoming part of the movement to bring an end to cancer.  
as a member of su2c you will receive their monthly newsletter which includes the latest updates on su2c cancer research, patient stories, prevention tips, information on su2c initiatives and new ways you and your loved ones can get involved in the fight against cancer.




if you would like salt lake city travel information, a visitor guide with discount travel coupons, free relocation packages, 
free lodging brochures.....  visit

for the salt lake tourist & visitor center.....  visit

for salt lake city ski vacation information, ski lodging, links to the ski resorts, 
and discount lift passes.....  visit

for salt lake city hotels,  visit

hotels within walking distance to temple square,  visit

lastly, for park city information,  visit

    


our dining directory / menu

canyon dining
micro breweries
the best of salt lake's outdoor patio dining
romantic date night restaurants
downtown salt lake restaurants
sugarhouse restaurants
millcreek restaurants
salt lake valley restaurants
sandy utah restaurants
best breakfasts in salt lake
american
barbecue
brew pubs
craft beers / breweries
cajun
canyon dining
chinese
cosmopolitan / eclectic
french
greek
indian
italian
japanese / sushi
mexican
micro breweries
middle eastern
park city restaurants
seafood
steak houses
sushi
thai
vietnamese
top ranked restaurants
alphabeticaly listed
salt lake child friendly restaurants
salt lake's best breakfasts & brunch
best deli's & sub sandwiches in salt lake city
bars downtown salt lake city
sports bars in salt lake city
the best burgers in salt lake city
the best pizza in salt lake city
the best philly cheesesteaks in salt lake city
best of salt lake's buffett's
salt lake city's annual dine o' round
park city's annual dine about
salt lake's best restaurants open on sundays
the best of salt lake's outdoor patio dining
salt lake city visitor information
ski salt lake city
salt lake city hotels
hotels within walking distance to temple square
 utah pride center's official site
visit park city  -  
park city lodging
visit utah - discover utah



welcome to dining in utah.com

each week we'll continue to report on salt lake's dining scene which is more diverse, and quite frankly, more delicious 
than ever!



views



 



contact us by email



dining in utah.com, bringing you salt lake's best restaurants
© copyright 1998 - 2025 dining in utah | all rights reserved







