







cape cod real estate | cape cod homes for sale - davenport realty




























 800-822-3422 
header menuyearly rentalstenant accesssalesproperty listingscommercialabout uscontactmenuclose buttonlog insign upmy accountyearly rentalstenant accesssalesproperty listingscommercialabout uscontactsaved searchesfavorites


discover your
cape cod
serving cape cod & the surrounding area for more than 50 years




yearly rentals
commercial properties
homes for sale 
contact us









davenport realty
cape cod's real estate experts


buying property or land on cape cod is a goal for many people looking for that special first home, a
                    second home, waterfront or beachfront property. choosing a trusted cape cod realtor to guide you
                    through the process makes all the difference.
since 1956, davenport realty's team of residential and commercial real estate brokers has helped
                    current and future residents with the purchase and sales of cape cod land, first and second cape cod
                    homes and commercial property.
let davenport realty find your cape cod home or office space
                    at davenport realty, surpassing our customer's expectations has been our focus since the beginning.
                    over the years, we've built a solid reputation as experts on cape cod real estate, and we pride
                    ourselves on decades of experience.
davenport realty rentals is the largest cape cod yearly rental agency, with over 500 yearly rental
                    homes and apartments. browse yearly rentals 
davenport building company's local team of experts leads the market in residential and commercial
                    construction on cape cod. davenport has built over 1,000 residential properties ranging from
                    one-bedroom homes to multi-million dollar oceanfront estates. we have also built dozens of large and
                    small commercial properties. visit
                        davenport building company


 about us 

                    contact us
                










our rentals
yearly rentals


since 1956, davenport realty has been cape cod's leading provider of the finest rental townhouses and apartments, as well as single- and two-family homes in the mid cape area.
our properties range from one-bedroom apartments to four-bedroom cape cod homes and are located in desirable residential neighborhoods in yarmouth, dennis and harwich. 
at davenport realty, our clean, well-maintained apartments feature many amenities you won't find elsewhere. 


 view all 

                    contact us
                



featured properties yearly rentalspreviousnextlily pond apartments yarmouth ma 02664townyarmouthstatemaproperty typeyearly leasebedrooms2bathroom1descriptionadjacent to blue rock golf course and overlooking scenic lily pond, these senior-friendly one and two bedroom apartments offer a fireplaced living/dining area, applianced kitchen, full bath, beautiful views, on-site laundry room, trash removal, and some covered parking and patios. cable ready and includes all utilities except phone. pets are allowed in some units with prior permission.
 view detailsfree account requiredregister or sign in to viewlily pond apartments yarmouth ma 02664




cape cod's real estate experts
buying property or land on cape cod is a goal for many people looking for that special first home, a second home, waterfront or beachfront property. choosing a trusted cape cod realtor to guide you through the process makes all the difference.

since 1956, davenport realty's team of residential and commercial real estate brokers has helped current and future residents with the purchase and sales of cape cod land, first and second cape cod homes and commercial property.
let davenport realty find your cape cod home or office space
at davenport realty, surpassing our customer's expectations has been our focus since the beginning. over the years, we've built a solid reputation as experts on cape cod real estate, and we pride ourselves on decades of experience.
davenport realty rentals is the largest cape cod yearly rental agency, with over 500 yearly rental homes and apartments. browse yearly rentals
davenport building company's local team of experts leads the market in residential and commercial construction on cape cod. davenport has built over 1,000 residential properties ranging from one-bedroom homes to multi-million dollar oceanfront estates. we have also built dozens of large and small commercial properties. visit davenport building company

 









yearly rentals
view our selection of cape cod yearly rentals





commercial
view our cape cod commercial properties





homes for sale
view our selection of cape cod sales





contact
contact davenport realty


testimonialspleasure to rent from this company. from application through to renting was smooth and seamless. [...]nathan emmens
davenport realty is the place to get your apt. they work extremely hard to get you in one of their [...]humphery campbell
the woman i spoke to was more than helpful. she was extremely understanding & did what ever she had [...]b. tripp
profesional and personable team. great businesses to work with.ryan o'loughlin
very nice people who helped every step of the way!alexa winters
view all testimonials








contact us


say hello
contact us

                        our real estate professionals are ready to serve you by assisting you with a residential or commercial sale or purchase. get all the information you need to learn about building, buying, selling or renting property on cape cod.
                    
call: 800-822-3422
info@davenportrealty.com







stay updated
send a message


i'm interested in:

rentals




sales





first name



last name



email address



phone number









submit








 



  800-822-3422  info@davenportrealty.comfacebook
yearly rentals
commercial
sales
about
tenant access
contact
privacy policy




