

new breakthrough for arthritis sufferers














 





attention:
		get rid of arthritis, muscle and joint pains with this amazing breakthrough now!!!

       






update: recent media coverage on natural ways of curing arthritis, muscle and joint pains have bought an influx of visitors to our website. read below to see how you can heal your arthritis, relieve your joints, reduce inflammation, enhance your mobility and  enjoy active lifestyle




 



finally, after years of suffering personally from arthritis and jointpain i discovered this natural, quick and easy way to relieve my suffering and what?s more amazing is that this one little "secret" is used by our age old ancestors for over 500 years to cure and heal their joints naturally before medicine became available to common man        
now
		finally, 

		doctors and scientists are raving about this "outback"
		miracle product as the most amazing breakthrough for arthritis and joint pains  


















guaranteed to work 
				or you don't pay!
you can try this miracle oil risk free
            and if it doesn't stop your arthritis or joint pain in 15 minutes
            ... you won't pay a cent!
join over 35,000 people who experience permanent relief
      from joint & muscle pain ... with zero side-effects!



dear joint & muscle pain
      sufferer, enough, is enough!
with this miracle product you can put an end to 










"takes the pain away in
            minutes!"
"i am 93 years old and have been suffering
            with arthritis in my hands, elbows and knees for years. my
            son-in-law came across your product freederm ac. i love it.
            it takes away the pain in minutes and it gets absorbed into the
            skin quickly without any odor. i have told others in my nursing
            home about your fantastic product. thank you so much!"
-- ethel layer
click here
            to read more testimonials


osteoarthritis 

rheumatoid arthritis 

bursitis sports injuries 

shoulder, neck and knee pain 

back and hip pain 

wrist, elbow and ankle pain 

hand arthritis 

fibromyalgia 

carpal tunnel 

spondylosis 

osgood schlatters disease 

polymyalgia rheumatica 
if any of the above things is troubling you then this may be the most important message you ever read 
here's why: because as you read every word
      of this web page, you'll begin to discover a little known medical fact
      that our ancestors have known for centuries.
our ancestors know something we don't yet. what's that? how to end the
      dreadful effects of muscle and joint pain. and what's so amazing is that
      ...


                  secret ingredient 1 - our ancestors have been using emu oil as      a valued medicine for over 500 years!

here's
      what this is all about:
as you
      may already know modern scientific studies from around the world confirm
      emu oil naturally contains high levels of linolenic acid (a substance
      known to ease muscle aches and joint pain including arthritis)...
      and... oleic acid which provides a local anti-inflammatory
      effect.
according to dr. margaret c. craig-schmidt, an
      associate professor in the department of nutrition and food science
      at auburn university, she found the following ...










"i
            learned that this oleic fatty acid is a known enhancer of transport
            of bio-active compounds in the skin. in other words, the high
            presence of oleic acid in the emu oil may be one of the reasons that
            it is able to penetrate the skin to a large degree and at the
            same time be able to carry active compounds through the skin where
            they can have an effect on the
      body."


in
      addition to that, pharmacist and oil researcher allen strickland of
      alabama discovered the penetrating effect of emu oil may be related to its
      non-phosphorous composition.
strickland says since our skin contains no
      phosphorous it's "programmed" to keep phosphorous from penetrating.
      however, emu oil contains no phosphorous so...

why emu oil works for you 

it penetrates right through!











"i can do all the things i used to
            do...without pain"
"my doctors have been telling me for years
            that the only way to stop the terrible pain in my knee was to have
            surgery. i was so glad to discover freederm ac. now i put a little
            on my knee each day and i can do all the things i used to do. and
            without the pain."
            click here
            to read more testimonials



 
this
      may be the very reason why almost all pain relief applications don't work.
      they simply do not penetrate the skin deep enough to reach the
      effected area.
but emu
      oil does!
in
      "emu oil: a clinical appraisal of this natural and long used
      product," dr. g.r. hobday reviewed the following results of a 10-year
      study involving 500 patients who used emu oil. he discovered these 500
      patients experienced...


		no allergic reaction reportedto the use of emu oil
      ...



		better still, emu oil's major
      actions include: 


it's
        anti-inflammatory properties 

it's
        ability to penetrate the skin... and... 

it's
        ability to provide some solar protection 
... and
      dr. hobday's 10-year clinical study of emu oil showed that it can be used
      effectively to:



reduce pain, swelling and
        stiffness most evident where the joint is close to the
        skin surface: hands, feet, knees, elbows. 

and... to  relieve recent bruising and
        muscle pain where injury is relatively superficial such as sports
        related muscle strains. 
his
      findings have been a breakthrough in the medical field. but there's still just one
      problem...
emu oil is not the only thing needed to relieve
      joint pain for the long term!
you're
      intelligent enough to know that just emu oil won't solve your joint pain
      alone. you also must combine other natural products including glucosamine
      and msm (methylsulfonylmethane) to have any lasting relief from
      pain.
these
      ingredients?when properly combined?also help with pain and inflammation...
      but more importantly... they lubricate the joints in your
      body and rebuild damaged cartilage.
what's
      interesting is glucosamine is made from the shells of shellfish and
      refined corn?who would have ever thought? it stimulates cartilage cells
      and synthesizes glucosaminoglycans and proteoglycans -- chemicals that
      help to repair and rebuild worn-out joints.
these
      ingredients also permit cartilage to flex and absorb physical shock
      while -- at the same time -- suppressing destructive chondrocytes from
      breaking down cartilage.
in
      fact, for 20 years glucosamine has been clinically proven to
      provide these main benefits:


slows
        progression of osteoarthritis 

eases osteoarthritis and joint
        pain 

rejuvenates synovial fluid 

promotes healthy and flexible
        joints 

helps
        body to heal itself 

lubricates joints 

and
        continually bathes joints in a healthy protective fluid that builds
        essential glucosaminoglycans and proteoglycans 

      secret ingredient 2 - 

      msm is one of the latest health
      breakthroughs!
remember from high school that msm is a natural
      sulfur compound found in all living things. actually, it's the
      third most prominent compound
      in our bodies behind water and
      sodium.










"soothes it
            down in 5 minutes"
"thank you for the freederm ac cream and
            joint  supplements. they really work. i have terrible
            nerve pain and it soothes it down in about 5 minutes."
click here
            to read more testimonials
basically, msm is an essential dietary
      sulfur almost overlooked by scientists but was isolated by robert hershler
      and dr. stanley jacob of the university of oregon medical
      school.
unlike
      the bad sulfurs (e.g., sulfa, sulfate, sulfite and sulfide) the sulfur in
      msm, called sulfonyl, is as safe and as important in your diet as
      vitamin c.
your body needs this nutritional
      element because it:


makes cell walls
        permeable 

allows water and nutrients to flow freely into
        cells 

allows water and toxins to properly flush
        out 

works
        with vitamin c to build healthy new cells 

stimulates growth of healthy skin, hair and
        nails 

provides a flexible bond between cells
        
ultimately, msm ensures healthy connective
      tissue... healthy joint function... proper enzyme activity and
      hormone balance... proper function of the immune system... and...
      increases athletic stamina and elimination of muscle
      soreness.
finally, i found the answer i so desperately
      sought!





clinical facts about emu oil
non-pore-clogging substance... reduces
            inflammation in joints... penetrates skin due to its non-phosphorous
            composition... proven treatment for muscle aches and
            pains.
glucosamine
maintains integrity of joints... inhibits
            cartilage destroying enzymes... repairs and rebuilds worn joints and
            cartilage... increases joint flexibility.
msm
essential dietary element... prime source of
            bio-available sulfur... improves health problems such as arthritis
            and circulation... helps build healthy new cells.
chondroitin sulfate
proven anti-inflammatory... more effective
            than non-steroidal, anti-inflammatory drugs (nsaid's)... protects
            cartilage from premature degeneration... works with glucosamine to
            stimulate cartilage production. 
collagen type ii
powerful anti-inflammatory, rebuilds
            cartilage in arthritic joints, 60% of cartilage is collage type ii,
            reduces cholesterol in blood, cardio-protective agent, lowers risk
            of heart attacks.
vitamin e
biological anti-oxidant, protects cells
            against free radical damage, may help prevent onset of
            cardiovascular disease and cancer.
vitamin c
necessary for manufacture of collagen, water
            soluble antioxidant, protects body against oxidative damage,
            neutralizes harmful reactions in blood and fluid inside and
            surrounding cells, protects the heart and other
          tissues.
imagine
      how shocked i was when i learned about this. if only i could have gotten
      this for grandma?god rest her soul?her pain would have been eased as she
      aged. this is what did it for me?this discovery changed my life...and my
      life's focus. 
after
      discovering this naturally healing oil?with the breakthrough mixture of
      glucosamine... and msm... mixed with other medicinal and natural
      ingredients i decided right then and there to make this my
      life's mission. 
i
      wanted to create the type of products that could have helped relieve
      grandma's pain... and others just like her!
since
      i am not a doctor, i knew this would be difficult. so i contacted
      an fda-licensed manufacturer here in the usa.
i was
      able to broker a deal with their on-staff herbal doctor, who has over a
      quarter of a century of experience. we got together, rolled up our
      sleeves and came up with a brand new proprietary cream, supplement and
      bath product that...
alleviates aches and pains within 15
      minutes!
i
      decided nothing would stop me from helping thousands of people (and
      perhaps tens of thousands) around the world.
it
      wasn't an easy road to travel?especially because i didn't have a
      scientific background. but i wouldn't let my lack of knowledge deter me
      from helping thousands eliminate joint and muscle pain from their life.
      and then it happened... 
after a year of hard work we finally developed an
      all-natural secret formula... and... my dream is now a
      reality.
to me,
      calling it a miracle isn't an exaggeration. thousands now have their pain
      completely under control. and so can you.
look:
      if you or someone you know has arthritis or joint pain...

now it?s your turn to relieve the pain

i urge you to try my new freederm pain
      relief product line today!


don?t you want to get back your young life?  

don?t you want to take those long walks with your loved ones? 

do you like doing chores around the house without crippling pain? 

don?t you want to play that loving sport that enjoyed as a kid? 

don?t you like those muscle aches and toe pain disappear? 

don?t you like to play with your grandchildren with no fear of soreness when you're done?
and the best part is:
this
      cream has no odor and is quickly absorbed into the
      skin to provide almost instant relief to muscles and
      joints.
relief
      you deserve!
haven't
      you lived in pain long enough?
you
      don't have to put up with it anymore. try this new product today. if it
      does for you what it's done for my grandmother (and countless others using
      it so far)... 
soon you'll call ityour new "miracle"!










"the pain went away almost
            instantly"
"a friend of mine at school recommended your
            product for the pain in my knees after finding it on the internet. i
            was very skeptical until i used it after a volleyball match. the
            pain went away almost instantly as your website stated and it
            has no odor which i love. thanks for allowing me to play my favorite
            sport as much as i want."
            click here
            to read more
      testimonials




 
why?
simply
      because freederm ac cream completely banishes pain and allows you
      to take back control of your life again.
now you
      can start enjoying the things you love to do within 15 minutes of
      application.
it's simple?it's easy?it will change your
      life!
besides
      the cream, i also developed freederm joint support supplements
      specially formulated to help maintain strong and healthy joint
      function.
joint
      support formula features a balanced approach of world-renowned glucosamine
      hydrochloride (hcl) and chondroitin sulfate with a blend of complementary
      herbs, vitamins, minerals and other nutrients to...




soothe
      aching joints and
      muscles!


if you suffer from chronic
      joint and muscle pain due to: arthritis, aging, sports injuries, work
      related injuries, car accident or any other reason...


you have to at least try
      this product... and you can do so
      risk-free.


here's the
      deal:


because freederm ac cream is
      so incredibly effective... and... because it is natural and so safe... it
      is being sold with the most amazing guarantee in the
      world.


check this out: take the
      product as directed. then, just wait a few short minutes
      and...
you will
      be totally thrilled with the
      safe, rapidand dramatic pain relief!
















however, if you've been
      disappointed with other arthritis or joint pain treatments before... just
      like my grandmother was... i understand you might be a little
      skeptical.


















but i feel so strongly
      about having you try this new product for yourself... 


















i'm willing to take all
      the risk.


















order
      freederm ac cream, try it and
      find out how it works for you. i believe it will be the best treatment
      you've ever tried for your arthritis or joint pain.


















if you are not totally
      satisfied, simply return the unused portion and i will immediately refund
      your money. no questions asked. and, to make sure you know how serious i
      am about this:


















i will offer you a
      ...












complete, no risk, 100%
            money-back guarantee!
you have nothing to lose
            except the pain that has been hampering you for so long. freederm
            products are scientifically developed and they work fast. either it
            works or you don't pay a cent!

try
            it for yourself
      risk-free.

		here's how to order via our
      100% secure
      payment
      processor:
 











4 oz.
            jar of freederm ac jointand muscle support
            cream
shipped by priority mail with delivery
            confirmation. your price is only $24.97 + shipping and handling.
            same day shipping.
note: we ship our
            products all over the world. so you will notice that we offer global
            express shipping that will get our products to almost any part of
            the world within 3 to 4 days. all usa orders are sent out priority
            mail which is 2 to 3 day delivery.
click to
            order freederm ac cream 



but wait! there's more...special bonus
            offer!
for a limited time only, when you order our
            inside/out package, it will include 2 jars of freederm ac joint
            and muscle support cream, 1 bottle of supplements, 8
            packs of therapeutic bath salts, and 1 bottle of our
            liquid formula at over 50% off our retail price. click on the
            order link below for more details.


 
bonus #1:
1-month supply of freederm joint support
            supplements ($19.95 value)
 
 




 


bonus #2:
4
            therapeutic dead sea salt baths ($19.80
            value)
 
all of these products can be purchased as a
            package at a deeply discounted price... click on the box below for
            your different package options.
special promotion - won't last long. order
            now!

note: we ship our
            products all over the world. so you will notice that we offer global
            express shipping that will get our products to almost any part of
            the world within 3 to 4 days. all usa orders are sent out priority
            mail which is 2 to 3 day delivery.
click to order the
            special bonus pack





you're in the valley of decision ?what you do now will
      affect your future
you've invested a few minutes
      with me. little by little you began to see just how powerful this
      breakthrough in joint pain relief actually is. perhaps you even
      dared?dared to imagine what it would be like to live pain free?even just
      for a minute. 
well, you don't have to live
      in your imagination. it's real... it's already helped thousands... and it
      can help you too. 
can you recall what a day
      without joint and muscle pain feels like?
imagine what it would be like
      if you experienced just one day with no pain. what would that be worth to
      you? well now you can. in fact it's just not limited to one day?it can be
      a lifetime if you so desire. 
here's where you stand?at a fork in the
      road
you only have two options in
      front of you. you've reached a fork in the road. 
one road is familiar?it's the
      one you take to leave this website. you know what it's like. you wake up
      with pain... your daily activity is full of grinding bones at your joints,
      causing excruciating pain... and you lay down the same. 
the other road is less
      traveled by you. you've never taken it before. it's the road to ordering a
      trial of this breakthrough pain-relief cream. it's the road leading you to
      a brighter day?a day where a simple rub from a fingertip of cream
      eliminates your pain for hours?hours! 
you have nothing to lose. your
      decision won't cost you a thing. why? because if you ever think it was a
      bad one, you just return the unused portion of this cream and you get your
      money back. 
what have you got to lose?
      nothing. but you have a day full of activity pain-free to gain.

take the unfamiliar path?you
      deserve it. 
sincerely,
arcangelo capozzolo
ps. should you
      have any questions about anything i may not
      have explained please email me. we want to hear about your concerns,
      personal experience or if you just want a supportive ear. we know how
      frustrating and awful joint pain can be. let me know how we can
      help.
email
      me at info@jointpainremedy.com
pps. give freederm ac cream a
      try for yourself.
      after all, that's what really counts. and... if you don't feel it's the
      best pain relief treatment you've ever used... i'll buy it back from you.
      no questions asked.
by the way, you can also order by calling
      (716) 204-0246 anytime, 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. order now! 






or make checks payable to:
freederm
            l.l.c.4624 goodrich roadclarence, ny
            14031 email: info@jointpainremedy.com
       








we ship our products worldwide
      

disclaimer: the products and the claims made about specific products on
      or through this site have not been evaluated by the united states food and
      drug administration and are not approved to diagnose, treat, cure or
      prevent disease. the information provided on this site is for
      informational purposes only and is not intended as a substitute for advice
      from your physician or other health care professional or any information
      contained on or in any product label or packaging. you should not use the
      information on this site for diagnosis or treatment of any health problem
      or for prescription of any medication or other treatment. you should
      consult with a healthcare professional before starting any diet, exercise
      or supplementation program, before taking any medication, or if you have
      or suspect you might have a health problem. to view our company's return
      policy, click here.
copyright ? 2003-2022. freederm
      llc.all rights reserved. all violators will be
      prosecuted.disclaimer | return policy | privacy policy






