





sunrise villa – an all-inclusive villa rental in the dominican republic




















































































skip to content


toggle navigationhomethe villaaccommodationsmain house & common areasour storytouramenitiesexperiencesinforatesblogfaqscontact usinquire now



home pageamy simpson2023-05-23t12:47:26-04:00 
elevate your vacation game. an all-inclusive villa rental with everything you need for effortless indulgence and relaxation.inquire now     exclusively rent to one group at a timefully staffed with 24-hour securitysleeps up to 16 guests plus children     relax and unwind while we handle the rest. are you tired of struggling to find the ideal vacation spot that caters to every member of your family? do you find it difficult to locate a destination that offers something for everyone? are you looking for the opportunity to relax and bond with your family without the added stress of coordinating all the details?read our storyparadise found: immerse yourself in island living with all the comforts of home. our common area, from the front entrance to pool to private beach, exemplifies island luxury. at once refined and exotic, the main house has every comfort you’ve grown to expect from resort living but still manages to feel like home.explore the villaparadise found: immerse yourself in island living with all the comforts of home. our common area, from the front entrance to pool to private beach, exemplifies island luxury. at once refined and exotic, the main house has every comfort you’ve grown to expect from resort living but still manages to feel like home.explore the villadon’t stress over space: our villa rental offers plenty of room for the whole family! nestled on 5+ acres of lush greenery, our villa offers eight private suites that are perfect for families and groups seeking ample space and luxurious amenities. our spacious and elegantly appointed suites are designed to embody the essence of villa living, providing our guests with the ultimate home-away-from-home experience. each suite features full bathrooms and stunning views of the surrounding natural beauty.view the suitesindulge in an unforgettable all-inclusive vacation. indulge in the ultimate vacation experience with our all-inclusive amenities, including daily meals and beverages, beach lunch, and the option to dine in town. unwind with a beachfront bonfire or relax with our optional add-on services, including massages and curated experiences. with something for everyone, our villa provides the perfect getaway for families, couples, and groups alike.see all amenitiesyou deserve a stress-free vacation. we understand that planning a vacation for your entire family can be stressful, from arranging sleeping arrangements to coordinating meals and activities that everyone will enjoy. at our all-inclusive villa rental, we believe that vacation should be a time to unwind and make memories with loved ones, free from the worries and stresses of daily life. that’s why we take care of everything for you, providing comfortable accommodations and a wide range of activities that will keep the whole family entertained. so why not let us take the reins and give you the stress-free vacation you deserve? rates from $1,725 per night. inquire about your dream vacation          
 sunrise villa is a true delight – from the pleasant and hardworking staff to the incredible suites and breathtaking views.
it is the perfect place to experience the sunshine and warmth of cabrera, dr. it truly delivers the “home away from home” feeling from the privacy of the estate and individual offerings to spend your days and evenings the way that suites you. what makes it the most special place is the friendly, warm staff and babe (villa small dog). they are there to service you and ensure your comfort.laura, december 2021







 outstanding attention to detail


every minute of the trip we were taken care of from the moment we walked into the villa to the goodbye hugs from the staff. the other guests and i did not have to lift a finger throughout the trip. ramon (the afternoon bartender) accommodated any unique requests that we had and ensured that we were always having a good time. additionally, the food, rooms, and views were unforgettable. best trip i have ever been on. will be back soon!!mitch, march 2022





 beautiful villa, fantastic people – an experience not to be forgotten!


sunrise villa in cabrera, dr was a delight for our family and friends from the moment we arrived. the attention to detail and help we received from booking to arrival was excellent. the grounds, main house and bungalows were lovely and inviting. the staff – exemplary. meals were prepared fresh daily and were delicious. no request was too great  – arrangements for outings for our entire party, healthcare accommodations, shopping. we had a wonderful time, and it was all due to the lovely people at sunrise villa.kathleen, june 2022your sunrise villa vacation is closer than you think.step 1 explore the website and learn about sunrise villastep 2 contact the owner to book your vacationstep 3 decide on activities and additional servicesstep 4 sit back and start dreaming of your time at sunrise villainquire nowyour personal paradise awaits. sunrise villa is a luxury beachfront villa located just outside of the town of cabrera in the dominican republic. the villa was designed and built by its owners, jeanne and kevin, who have a deep love for the dominican republic and its people. the couple wanted to create a unique and special getaway for friends and family to enjoy caribbean vacations. after nearly two years of designing, constructing, landscaping, furnishing, decorating, and selecting the ideal staff members, sunrise villa was born. since opening its doors, sunrise villa has been a popular destination for travelers looking for a luxurious and laid-back vacation experience. the villa is not just a place to stay, but a home away from home where guests can relax and unwind in the comfort of their own private tropical playground. over the years, the staff at sunrise villa has worked hard to provide guests with exceptional service, ensuring that every aspect of their stay is perfect. with a staff of 12 to assist with any need, guests can feel at home as soon as they arrive, with no check-ins required. whether guests are planning a yoga retreat, a wedding, a romantic caribbean getaway, or an unforgettable caribbean holiday, sunrise villa offers a unique and unforgettable experience. with its rich history and commitment to exceptional service, it’s no wonder that sunrise villa is one of the most popular luxury villas in the dominican republic.read our storyplan your stay
read our reviews on  
thank you for considering our villa for your next vacation! call us today to book your stay and experience the ultimate in relaxation and luxury.contact the owner© 2023, all rights reserved | privacy statementsunrise villa vacations#26 orchid bay, cabrera, dominican republic, 33000(703) 759-0748follow us:thank you for considering our villa for your next vacation! call us today to book your stay and experience the ultimate in relaxation and luxury.contact the owner© 2023 all rights reserved | privacy statementsunrise villa vacations #26 orchid bay, cabrera, dominican republic, 33000 (703) 759-0748 follow us:page load link


go to top










