







marina view preschool and kindergarten






























































home




about us




programs




testimonials




photo gallery




events




blog




faq




contact us



















































25301 sweet meadow lane ,laguna niguel, ca 92677



(949) 249-8687 info@marinaviewpreschool.com

 

welcome to marina view preschool and kindergarten!

   

developing a lifelong love of learning at marina view preschool and kindergarten, we understand that this is an important and exciting time for you as you go through the process of choosing a preschool-kindergarten for your child. at marina view, we provide a loving, supportive, and nurturing environment where children develop a lifelong love of learning. our educational philosophy provides a strong, child-centered learning environment that educates the whole child - intellectually, socially, emotionally, and physically.our educational programs along with our caring, dedicated and highly educated staff is clearly what sets us apart.marinaview preschool and kindergarten maintains a high level of cleanliness and sanitization to keep your children and our community healthy. we know you have many choices in selecting a school for your child. we invite you to tour our school and learn more about our programs and meet our staff.marina view preschool and kindergarten is currently enrolling!




    explore our facility
  

 









 


    learn more
  















testimonials



our school programit's truly amazing. this is one of the best schools in south orange county!i love this school! my son attended here for 3 years and i feel very confident he is completely prepared for 1st grade. the owners are such wonderful people as well as all the teachers. i can't believe what my son has learned in the kinder program! it's truly amazing. this is one of the best schools in south orange county! we will miss marina view - nita hammontree



marina view teachersso grateful for the highly trained staff and teachers. their dedication to the children is astounding. my daughters vocabulary improved within just a few months of starting here. she is so happy when i drop her off in the mornings and as a first time parent that's important and relieving. the teachers provide daily verbal updates and weekly written updates. it's really cool to be involved and i couldn't be happier with this school. see you in the fall!! 



overall schoolthe facility was by far the cleanest and most inviting with spacious, bright classrooms and their gigantic playground. being new to the area two years ago i was very anxious to find the right preschool for my 2yo son. my husband and i visited 4 schools in the area and from our first visit marina view preschool stood head and shoulders above all the others. my son has been there now for 2 years and i couldn't be happier with or more proud of his learning experiences there. if you're looking for a beautiful, happy, well staffed school for your little one, marina view is definitely the place. they have given my son a great base for learning and have had a hand in helping us be better parents as well.




    read more testimonials
  






25301 sweet meadow lane  |   laguna niguel, ca 92677  |  (949) 249-8687  |  info@marinaviewpreschool.com






privacy




about




facility




programs




faq




contact

































