



	hamilton area chamber of commerce, hamilton, alabama


















chamber

chamber leadership
chamber membership
chamber partners



join the chamber
contact the chamber



events

calendar of events



national day of prayer
shrimp boil
buttahatchee river fall fest
christmas parade




hometown christmas



community

churches
civic organizations
city services



parade / assembly permitting



development

economic development
retail development



news & links






							 quarterly newsletter




							 facebook
						




							 instagram
						


videos
brff

shop hamilton first!


















 member directory
				




 brff
				































								upcoming events
							

may 1national day of prayer12:00 p.m.old hamilton city hall auditoriummore info...june 10shrimp boil5:00 p.m.hamilton fire departmentmore info...october 25hamilton's buttahatchee river fall festmore info...december 1hamilton chriastmas parademore info...






								welcome to hamilton!
							


									the hamilton area chamber of commerce welcomes you to our website and to the beautiful city of hamilton, 
							alabama.  located on i-22 in northwest alabama, hamilton is nestled in the foothills of the appalachian 
							mountains in scenic marion county.  we hope you enjoy your visit with us!  we have many exciting things 
							happening in hamilton, and we would love to share our great city with you!
								

									and what a fantastic community hamilton is!  the area includes tremendous businesses, schools, churches, 
							industries, sporting activities, and a growing tourism base.  what is the strength of hamilton?  the strength 
							is its people.  hamilton is blessed with a growing number of dedicated volunteers, proactive community leaders, 
							and caring, responsive, informative civic groups and nonprofit organizations.
								

									the chamber supports the community with several events throughout the year as a primary or secondary 
							sponsor:  
							national day of prayer, 
							the chamber annual shrimp boil, 
							back to school bash,
							buttahatchee river fall fest, 
							and santa on the square & hamilton christmas parade.  
							these events are a great way to network, have fun, visit with your neighbors, and promote area 
							businesses all in one!
								

									in addition to our annual events, the chamber hosts business-related seminars, ribbon cuttings for new 
							members, and participates in other events and activities which promote our great city.   we provide a 
							representation at all city council meetings and report to our membership on issues of interest to them.
								

									with multiple renovation and revitalization projects ongoing in our area, hamilton is poised to be a 
							showplace in northwest alabama!
								

									we encourage you to be our guests, or even better, become a resident!  shop hamilton first!  shop, stay, 
							eat, work, play, and pray in hamilton!  you can do it all!
								











				hamilton area chamber of commerce
				225 1st street sw
				po box 1168
				hamilton al 35570
				(205) 921-7786




 member directory










 event information
buttahatchee river fall fest
hamilton christmas parade
national day of prayer
shrimp boil




				© 2025 hamilton area chamber of commerce and hamilton b.a.s.e.  all rights reserved. photos and images © hamilton area chamber of commerce or the image owner. photos may not be copied or used without permission.
				website designed, maintained, and hosted by hamilton b.a.s.e.





