


  

affordable pharmacy services | canadian meds usa









































      canadian meds usa, inc. | littleton, co usa  
 homeorderingplacing an orderpaymentrequest a free price quotequestionsfaq'sour policiessite mapsearch pricescontactcontactrequest a free price quoteabout  








save money


february 17, 2025











we work hard for you!
to help you save money on your prescription medications.










affordable pharmacy services by canadian meds usa






                          hello and thank you for visiting canadian meds usa. our objective is to provide affordable pharmacy services and to be your preferred link to the best-licensed pharmacies. our partnership with tcds provides you with access to both brand name and generic pharmaceuticals from licensed and regulated sources such as the united kingdom, the european union, australia, new zealand, and other designated "first world" countries. canadian meds usa has been in business since 2001, under the same ownership and management, and has served over 30,000 consumers. we invite you to join them in saving 30% to 60% on prescription drugs and having them shipped directly to your home. on orders of $50 or more, shipping is always free.                         

 
		visit canadian meds usa right now to take advantage of our affordable pharmacy services. contact us right away!                            


change in method of payment effective april 1, 2020

                    
                            
                            
                            as of april 1, 2020, direct debit/e-check is the "only" payment method that can be used to place orders.  the use of direct debit/e-check has now been available for almost 2 years and has proven to be an effective, safe and very satisfactory way to pay for orders for many of our customers.  our goal in making this change is to provide even better customer service.  please click here for more information about how this method of payment works, the minimal amount of personal information required and its ease of use.
                           
                            
                            
 








how to place an order
learn the easy ordering steps.
 print forms
 learn how to order
learn more









who we are
									learn more about who we are and how our customer service, knowledge and experience, in addition to great prices, set us apart from other online pharmacies.
learn more















policies menu


orders, shipping and returns
terms of use
privacy policy
terms of sale
our guarantee













consumer safety & information
your safety is our top priority!

 consumer safety
 health & wellness
 helpful information
 rx drug information
 questions or comments














create your account
select (1) of the ways below to create your account with us.








best sellers
these are some of the top selling prescription medications.













contact congress



write to your congressman and let them know how you feel about the cost of prescription drugs in the us, and ask them to support buying prescription drugs from canada and other safe, licensed and regulated sources outside the u.s.  
							



reliability



								all prescription orders are shipped directly to your home. tracking numbers are used if this option is available. learn more




how to order



                                please read the general information page, then review how to order your prescription drugs. you may want to ask your doctor to help provide the information needed.  
							



customer service



								at canadian meds usa we understand the importance of exceptional customer service. we invite you to read our customer service and refund policy.  
							











      contact us    canadian meds usa, inc. 11757-f w. ken caryl ave. #317 80127-3719       ➤   toll free numbers   1 (877) 933-0505   fax: (877) 933-3625  contact us    top quick links   general informationhow to place an orderrequest a free price quotefaq'sour policiessite map    copyright © 2025 canadian meds usa, inc.   all rights reserved. privacy policy

| powered by: websites & more











