










t2 tanker pages	


























skip to primary contentskip to secondary content


t2 tanker pages



 

search




main menu

homearthur d. whittaker, merchant seaman

ships arthur whittaker served on
dorothy bradford
eastern shore
esso bolivar
geo h jones
potomac


brief history of t2 tanker
dk ludwig

ships built by daniel k. ludwig and national bulk carriers

argyll
danginn
duncan bay
ore chief
ore convey
ore prince
petro sea
phoenix 1953
richard
sinclair petrolore
ss virginia
stanvac malacca
ulysses
ulysses 1963
universe apollo
universe leader
bulkoil(i)
pan-massachusetts
panpennsclass
phoenixclass
bulkpetrol ships
dredges
ore meridian
petrokure tankers












greetings from the new t2 tanker pages site!

posted on september 18, 2024  by  genealogy 

1 


welcome!
as of 15 sep 2024, the t2 tanker site has been moved to a new wordpress site that is easier to maintain and costs a lot less to host.  there will be more work done to bring as much information back to the site as i can, but i will no longer be maintaining a database-backed site as before.  i will rely heavily on auke visser to provide you with that kind of detail in his very well researched site: auke visser’s famous t – tankers pages.
i began my research on the subject nearly 30 years ago, and for the first 15 of that, kept up a pretty good pace updating the database and less frequently, the site.  my efforts have waned significantly as i have pursued life, work and other interests, so i apologize if this is no longer the most edifying site on the subject.  however, i will continue to add to it and improve it as i have time and interest.
the national bulk carriers part of the site will be getting totally refreshed as i migrate it to the new wordpress format.  in the process, i will be adding more ship photos that i have collected since the last significant update.  many old urls have become dead, and i will attempt to locate their new locations so they can be updated on this site.  i will also add new sites that provide useful information to complement what is here.  to my knowledge, i am the only researcher with company information, ship information and photos available online.  i consider this important to maintain as long as i am able.  i recognize that many cayman seamen have been using my site as a resource, since so many of them sailed for the company and mr. ludwig.
cheers!



posted in uncategorized 
 | 
1 reply





searchsearchrecent postsgreetings from the new t2 tanker pages site!
recent commentsa wordpress commenter on greetings from the new t2 tanker pages site! 




					proudly powered by wordpress				







