









christian news on christian today, latest religious news, news about christianity























  










christian today
skip to main content


            to enjoy our website, you'll need to enable javascript in your web browser. please click here to learn how.
        





search


homenewsusworldchurchculturelifestylecommentvideo 


















search

subscribe

























homenewsusworldchurchculturelifestylecommentvideo 












headlines








            when is 'aid' not christian?        

the usaid controversy has sparked a fierce debate over government funding of abortions, controversial lgbt activities and even promotion of atheism in the poorest countries of the world.







church bid to save 500 year old wall paintings







myanmar church bombed just weeks after becoming cathedral







christian men's magazine sorted goes digital in bid to increase outreach


 




more headlines



trump, putin and ukraine: blessed are the peacemakers?
the current situation may have been avoided if both sides of the conflict were able to make an attempt to understand each other's concerns and interests. …






600 coins and a bronze monkey found beneath medieval german church
renovations of a medieval church in germany have led to the discovery of over 1,000 artifacts, with some dating back to the church's founding in the 13th century. …






latest news


dad convicted for silent prayer near abortion clinic 'overwhelmingly thankful' to vance for free speech comments

an army veteran and father-of-two has spoken of his gratitude to jd vance for highlighting his conviction for silent prayer in a speech to world leaders in which the us vice-president warned that free speech is "in retreat" in europe. …


as modi visits trump, christians raise concerns about religious freedom in india

as indian prime minister narendra modi visits the us, concerns have been raised about anti-christian hate crimes in the world's most populous democracy. …


wea breaks ground for worship centre in qatar

the world evangelical alliance (wea) has celebrated the ground breaking ceremony for a worship centre in qatar. …


christian radio stations promoting peace in a world of war

christian radio stations are being used to promote peaceful coexistence between faiths and communities in some of the most troubled parts of the world. …


why casual dating is no match for biblical courtship

over time, secular influences have subtly shaped christian perspectives on relationships, leading to the normalisation of unbiblical dating practices, particularly casual dating. …









most read




calvin robinson and the war of words





church of england general synod backs safeguarding reforms





victory at last for kristie higgs, christian teacher fired over facebook posts





dad convicted for silent prayer near abortion clinic 'overwhelmingly thankful' to vance for free speech comments





conservative bishops can ban same-sex blessings in their dioceses - they need to start doing this





a win for kristie, a win for christians










spotlight






finding true love in god this valentine's day







what are the four loves in the new testament?







esv bible update includes 68 word edits, reverts genesis 3:16 translation to 2001 wording







most brits see role for faith-based organisations in addressing social problems - study






 







news



why would anyone fight for modern britain?



catholic sisters protecting vulnerable girls in nairobi



man who almost killed himself after misdiagnosis warns of 'flaw' in assisted suicide bill



'we are not guests in this land' – diary of a syrian christian






e-book




yes, i want to receive my free christian today ebook by signing up to the wordbox newsletter





window on history



what is christian reconstructionism?
some find its promise invigorating and transformative; others fear that proximity to power creates intoxicating intolerance among those who imbibe it; sterner critics consider it a toxic mixture that has strayed far from the new testament model. …


 




latest news


lent campaign encourages people to give back, not just give up

this lent season, christian charity stewardship is relaunching its generosity challenge, 40acts, in partnership with gospel entrepreneurs, the way uk, and sanctuary foundation. …


what use is a christian mp?

everyone in politics brings their own worldview and values to every debate, and it is important that we challenge the assumption that a non-religious outlook is somehow neutral and objective. …


sowing life, honouring the fallen

jewish academic and hebrew scholar irene lancaster reflects on tu b'shvat, the new year for trees, and its special significance as israel awaits the release of the remaining hostages. …


what should we make of celebrity conversions?

from bob dylan to kanye west, the fate of many celebrity converts to the faith demonstrates that the church needs less idolatry, more grace, and more than a pinch of salt. …


 




tweets by ‎@christiantoday

tweets by twitterdev 









faith and life






disney and the endless need for more







the difference between the bride of kanye west and the bride of jesus christ







committed churchgoers give 5 times more to charity







rediscovering the power of prayer






 





headlines



a win for kristie, a win for christians



after kristie higgs, can christians find their courage?



victory at last for kristie higgs, christian teacher fired over facebook posts



could older people hold the key to church growth?



conservative bishops can ban same-sex blessings in their dioceses - they need to start doing this


 


latest news


pro-life volunteer moved on by police after praying silently, says lawyer

a pro-life volunteer was told to leave an abortion clinic buffer zone in the west midlands after praying silently, her lawyer has said. …


there are good grounds for the c of e's latest decision on safeguarding

the general synod's decision to keep the church of england's diocesan and cathedral safeguarding officers as church employees arguably showed good judgement and courage. …


has the church of england kicked independent safeguarding into the long grass?

yesterday's vote would suggest that the desire to protect the institution of the church won again. …


christian group calls for investigation into onlyfans

christian charity care has called for an investigation into onlyfans, following allegations that the streaming platform hosts criminal content, including child pornography, and is exploited by human traffickers. …


removal of high court safeguard from assisted suicide bill 'deeply worrying', say opponents

campaigners opposed to the legalisation of assisted suicide have strongly criticised the removal of a high court safeguard from kim leadbeater's draft legislation. …


cottrell survives vote to stop him speaking at synod

members of the general synod of the church of england were under pressure as they began a week-long meeting in london yesterday. …


 





more news





calvin robinson and the war of words 





wikipedia co-founder tells his faith story 





the difference between the bride of kanye west and the bride of jesus christ 





why trump has delighted pro-lifers across the world: the president's rapid series of measures to limit abortion 





the battle of the theological politicians 





christians in pakistan are also the victims of 'rape gangs' 


 







group of brands














sections

homenewsusworldchurchculturelifestylecommentvideo 


help center

about uscontact useditorial teamadvertisingjobsrss feedse-newsletterterms & conditionsprivacy policycookies policy 


sign up to wordbox
by signing up, you agree to our terms and conditions of use and privacy policy.



i consent to receiving your weekly newsletter and special offers via email.



follow us






















                    copyright ©
                    2025
christian today. all rights reserved.
                
registered in england and wales 5090917, christian today, 120 new cavendish street, london, england, w1w 6xx














<!--=c--!>