










home - clovis/curry county chamber of commerce - clovis economic development

























































 
 

















skip to content





















home  |  join now  |  member login




























































menu 
retail rockstarseatshopplay pioneer days community calendar rock ‘n’ roll museum clovis music festival historical attractions family fun visitor center – se nmstay hotels/motels rv/campgroundschamber community calendar member directory programs/committees committee of 50 ambassadors leadership clovis retail committee ag 50 business enterprise center bnsf committee your new mexico home join now membership benefits about clovis & curry county chamber staff board of directors ribbon cuttings member login contactcommunity news community calendar community guide employment healthcare education real estate religion history relocating to clovis weathereconomic developmenttourism








 















 
visit cloviswe are eager to help you discover the greatness of our growing city – a family-friendly community rich in rock and roll history.


click here for the visit clovis website


 


 
get your clovis merchandise!the chamber is now selling official clovis t-shirts, and more! see us at 105 e. grand ave.

 


 
home of cannon air force base 


click here for more info


 


 
why join?the clovis/curry county chamber has a wide variety of benefits exclusive only to members. over 500 members support the chamber and are growing their business every day.


join the chamber


 






























welcome to clovis & curry county, new mexico






we are eager to help you discover the greatness of clovis and curry county, new mexico – a family-friendly area rich in rock and roll history. close to 50,000 people call clovis and curry county home and this thriving city serves as a regional hub to more than 120,000 others.
our goal is to enhance the economic vitality and quality of life in clovis and curry county. this growing city truly offers something for everyone – from great shopping and food, to special events and historic landmarks, to high quality educational opportunities – and we encourage you to learn more about our fabulous community. come see why we think our community has a heart as big as our skies!
we have one of the busiest chamber’s in the state, thanks to a community full of events and people who like to have a rockin’ great time. whether you’re looking for festivals or fairs, day trips to fabulous surrounding locales, live musical performances, or a variety of cultural experiences, clovis is the place to be!

















					member jobs				








					member directory				







					shop holiday bags				







					news				








					chamber events				








					community calendar				






















mark your calendar










view all chamber events
































learn more














 
welcome new members 


 












 
recent news 


 














 
clovis community profile & membership directory 
get instant access to the free online relocation, visitor's, and membership directory
click here to read the profile online 



















community links
city of clovis
curry county
clovis economic development
cannon air force base
clovis community college
small business develop. center
curry county events center
clovis civic center
clovis municipal schools
clovis christian schools































 












© 2025 clovis/curry county chamber of commerce – clovis economic development
 | 
site by growthzone











































clovis/curry county chamber of commerce










105 e. grand ave, clovis, nm 88101 










(575) 763-3435 










contact us 









































 © 

 clovis/curry county chamber of commerce - clovis economic development.  all rights reserved | site by growthzone 








 

















