



















home - winchester city council


































privacy settings


skip to content
accessibility options
home page
skip to navigation
search
skip to base of page
terms and conditions
contact us










preview: the quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog





regular text size on white backgroundaa
regular text size on white backgroundaa


regular text size on white backgroundaa
regular text size on white backgroundaa









www.winchester.gov.uk


show display options






link to home page





site search

go





login




all services







login to  my council services to report issues
including missed bin collections, fly tipping, abandoned vehicles and more











link to home page


toggle search


login


services






site search
go




login to my council services to report issues
including missed bin collections, fly tipping, abandoned vehicles and more
or if you are a councillor
councillor login to view private policy papers






home















                            winchester city council

                        







online tasks





garden waste




report or apply online




payments




cost of living




apply for housing




jobs




more tasks



report a repair including out of hours




manage your council tax online




apply for housing benefit and council tax reduction




apply for or renew a parking permit




manage your council house account




meetings this week




report a missed waste collection




view planning applications




find your bin collection day




sign up to our residents' newsletter




view public notices




register to vote




where is my nearest bring site




get support with domestic abuse






more tasks






council services





housing




benefits and welfare




waste and recycling




council tax




planning




climate emergency





more services









news






shared ownership homes at the orchids
                                                

find out about our shared ownership homes at the orchids in winnall read more about shared ownership homes at the orchids








sign up to our residents' newsletter 
                                                

published fortnightly, it features council news, useful information for residents and updates on council services. read more about sign up to our residents' newsletter 








digital support drop in sessions 
                                                

get free in-person support with everyday digital tasks  read more about digital support drop in sessions 








mayor's awards 2025 - nominate your community heroes
                                                

 read more about mayor's awards 2025 - nominate your community heroes








shared ownership homes at the orchids
sign up to our residents' newsletter 
digital support drop in sessions 
mayor's awards 2025 - nominate your community heroes











news








  report completion marks next stage of...
proposed conservation, landscape improvement and cleaning works at another of winchester’s most important historic structures are progressing.  


wednesday 12 february 2025











have your say on our revised local enfo...
residents of the winchester district are being invited to share their views on a revised local enforcement plan (lep) being developed by winchester...
thursday 6 february 2025







all news






events








starlight cinema: flubber when the science centre doors close, the cinema screen will be rolling!

why not spend the day exploring the science exhibits and live shows before...
sunday 16 february 2025











magic of locomotion discover the magic of steam train travel with marvellous magicians. be spellbound at magic shows and wonder at the close-up tricks and entertainment...
monday 17 february 2025







all events












support links

data protection and privacy 
privacy policy
about cookies
foi
about the city council
jobs and apprenticeships
winchester data
contact us
report a website issue
accessibility statement
sign up to our residents' newsletter





city offices


winchester city council

city offices
colebrook street
winchester
so23 9lj




monday - thursday 8.30am to 5.00pm


friday 8.30am to 4.30pm


reception will be staffed monday to friday 10am to 3pm

tel: 01962 840 222
waste: 0300 300 0013
housing (including reporting a repair): 01962 848 400
payments: 01962 848 512
email: customerservice@winchester.gov.uk
map: google maps





our partners


















































cms and design by weblabs





top
















cookies policy

this site uses cookies to store information on your computer.
some of these cookies are necessary to make the site work. we’d also like to use optional cookies to help improve your experience on the site. you can manage your optional cookie preferences below. using this tool will set a cookie on your device to remember your preferences. your preferences can be changed at any time.
review your privacy settings







review your privacy settings





required cookies




essential cookies enable core functionality such as page navigation and access to secure areas. the website cannot function properly without these cookies; they can only be disabled by changing your browser preferences. about cookies
show required cookies


required cookies


web labs
description
action




aspsessionid
this helps the site to function smoothly during your visit. for example, remembering your display settings and online complaint form preferences.
email us for more information


cookienotice.analytics
used to remember your choice for analytical cookies.
email us for more information










analytical cookies





switch analytical cookies
on
off






we use google analytics to collect information about how you use the site so we can make sure it meets your needs and understand how it can be improved.
google analytics stores information about the pages you visit, how long you stay, how you get here and what you click on.
we do not allow google to use or share our analytics data and the analytics data that we collect does not allow us to identify you.
show analytical cookies


analytical cookies


company
description
action




google inc = _ga
google analytics tracking cookie. helps us to know how many people visit our site by tracking if you've visited before.
terms and conditionsprivacy policy


google inc = _gid
google analytics tracking cookie. helps us to know how many people visit our site by tracking if you've visited before.
terms and conditionsprivacy policy


google inc = _gat
google analytics tracking cookie. used to manage the rate at which page view requests are made.
terms and conditionsprivacy policy










advertising






we do not use any advertising on this website.





save custom settings






use recommended settings













we have a problem!

            it appears that your web browser does not support javascript, or you have temporarily disabled scripting. either way, this site won't work without it. please take a look at our browser support page for more help.
        













