


sarah michelle gellar, only sarah michelle gellar








 








sign in
sign-up




 




 welcome! 


close

 would you like to make this site your homepage? it's fast and easy... 

 
 yes, please make this my home page! 
 
no thanks


   don't show this to me again.


close






































              

    









 

sarah michelle gellar

note: gallery is updated and running! msg board, survey, more, and chat sections still under construction. game section updated but not done. guestbook getting fixed, and broken links to be fixed also.


welcome to the new sarah michelle gellar, only sarah michelle gellar fan site. the place where we 
only talk sarah michelle gellar, mention sarah michelle gellar, and show 
pictures containing sarah michelle gellar (sometimes with co-stars), all the 
time.  here you will be able to find several things on sarah: from picture galleries, to filmtography, to her profiles, 
multimedia for download and much more. 


there are also exclusives on this page which cannot be found anywhere else.  
and you guessed it, they are marked as exclusive.  from clips of sarah's favorite song, to articles no one knows about.  
this is the site where you will find it all.  if it has sarah in it, and if 
it's not here, you can find it everywhere or you don't need it.

if you are wondering where the links are, i don't have any.  i mean linking
 the countless sarah michelle gellar sites would take 
forever. so i didn't include any. because this site has all the info you'll 
ever need on sarah. also please sign my guestbook. you can look 
also look at it if you want. just use the buttons on the left or the menu on 
the bottom of every page to navigate.  i hope you enjoy your stay and please 
send your comments to sarahmgellar@goplay.com. please put
a title on your subjects of your e-mails or i won't read them. one more thing
i won't read e-mails with just "smg" or "hi" in the title, seriously. this site 
has been tested on netscape and explorer, at resolutions of 640x480, 800x600, 1024x768, and 
1152x864. all are compatible; this is probably the most compatible sarah 
michelle gellar site on the net.

 
you are visitor#:







last updated: wednesday may 23rdth, 2001 10:26:36 pm









another great goplay free homepage!












legal burns: all pictures/tradermark(s) are property of their respective owners. 














