


home - international amphicar owners club (iaoc)




























skip to main content










print this page
text size

scroll to top









home history of the amphicar about the iaoc event calendar member signuphelp contact us iaoc faq







menu











member login
my shopping cart


 


shopping cart
cancel







add me to your mailing list















international amphicar
owners club















slideshow
home page slideshow




amphicar.com: official website of the iaoc
hello and welcome to the international amphicar owners’ club website. whether you are returning or visiting for the first time, i hope you find our group interesting and will want to return.

the iaoc is truly an international club. there are members from several countries and all walks of life. it’s been proven time and again that there are no boundaries when it comes to amphicars. this isn’t something to own if you don’t like talking to strangers!

we are a fairly small group with our numbers not quite totaling 400, but our enthusiasm for all things amphibious is huge! there are plenty of swim-ins around the country every year, with the main club event being held in celina, oh, for the past several years. good fellowship abounds. there’s also a newsletter that is published four times a year.

if you’re not already a member, would you consider joining us? owning an amphicar isn’t required. there are always an ample amount of people willing to give rides! i promise it will be an experience you won’t soon forget.  to get more information about the club, visit our about the iaoc page.

jim golomb, president








want to see more?
click below for images from our events and meetings.

gallery






not a member yet?
take a special look at these samples  of our fantastic newsletter ‘wheels-n-waves’, posted here and mailed semi-monthly, normally available only in the member’s only area, but only if you join!

join today!









history of the amphicar
since the first cars came off the assembly line in 1961, these wonderful vehicles have had a special place in history.  the iaoc has collected much information about these cars  over the years.  learn more about the car's place in history and in pop culture.  check out which movies the amphicar  has starred in and how companies used this unique car to market to its customers.

learn more! 



upcoming events


upcoming events
upcoming events







latest club news


recent articles


















our sponsors
the international amphicar owners club is proud to partner with the following sponsors:automobiles often incur windshield cracks and chips when they're put to use. it's now easy to get modern cars' auto glass fixed but what can be done if your amphicar has a cracked windshield or damaged auto glass? suntec is a company that works to source vintage, classic and antique glass for cars like the amphicar. go to suntec windshield replacement to learn more!








home   |   
	contact us   |   
	copyright © 2025 - all rights reserved   |   
	terms of use   |   
	privacy policy

powered by 









