
































































goochland-gazette | richmond.com





















skip to main contentskip to main content










        we are currently undergoing maintenance on some services, which may temporarily affect access to subscription accounts and the e-edition. we apologize for any inconvenience and appreciate your patience as we work to resolve the issues.
    

















56°











 log in
                                    
subscribe






guest


logout

read today's e-edition





























news


local



virginia video network



crime



politics



state & region



education



nation & world



news tip




business


local



on the move



top workplaces




obituaries


share a story



recent obituaries



find an obituary



archives




opinion


submit a letter



letters



editorial



columnists




sports


high school



college



professional



betting



casino



lifestyles


event calendar



arts & theatre



movies & tv



music



comics



puzzles



contests



play



food & cooking



home & garden



health



get healthy



parenting



fashion



pets



travel



faith



announcements



sponsored features



join the community


news tip



share video



send a story



share a photo



brand ave. studios




print edition


e-edition



e-edition archives



today's ads



special sections




our publications


mechanicsville local



powhatan today



goochland gazette




buy & sell


place an ad



jobs



cars



marketplace



shop local



public notices



buyer's guide



rtd merchandise




shopping


curated commerce




customer service


manage subscription



activate digital subscription



subscribe



newsletter sign-up



contact us



advertise with rtd



help center



gift subscriptions


mobile apps


weather: live radar






facebook





twitter





linkedin





instagram








© 2025 lee enterprises
terms of service | privacy policy






















































































subscribe
read today's e-edition




























                                        subscribe
                                    




























                                                    log in
                                                








welcome, guest

my account
 dashboard
 profile
 saved items

 logout







e-edition

obituaries

jobs









56°
light rain

















                
                goochland gazette
                
                    

















        
        
            now available: 2024 goochland community health assessment report

the chickahominy health district (chd), along with several partner agencies, are pleased to announce the release of the 2024 goochland county community health assessment (cha) report. the report can be viewed online at: www.vdh.virginia.gov/chickahominy/community-health-assessment. this repo…

















        
        
            led by its senior class, goochland swim aims to impress at regional championships

the class 3, region b swim and dive championships are fast approaching this weekend at swimrva, and the goochland bulldogs have high hopes of more region tournament success. 

















        
        
            dameron, ross lead the charge in orange county comeback

after dropping five straight games in the middle of the season, the goochland bulldogs got back on the winning track this week, winning two of their three games on the schedule, including a hard-fought comeback at home against the orange county hornets. 

















        
        
            goochland fire-rescue celebrates academy grads, promotions

on tuesday, jan. 14, goochland county fire-rescue celebrated the graduates of the 2024 recruit academy and recently promoted officers. the following men and women were honored: 

















        
        
            property transfers

10 acres; brenda k. wilcox to elizabeth bearer-pittarelli, $500,000. 

















        
        
            carpenter announces plan to step down

goochland county administrator vic carpenter has submitted his letter of resignation to the goochland county board of supervisors. 

















        
        
            goochlandcares announces $1.1 million legacy fund in graham’s honor

goochlandcares continues to celebrate the retirement of executive director sally graham, who served the community for 25 years. on jan. 23, the goochlandcares board of directors and specially invited guests gathered for sally’s final farewell event at dover hall to reflect on the tremendous …























        
        
            strength on the mat: young dogs empowering goochland's next generation




since its inception in 2023, the young dogs wrestling club based out of goochland has aimed to empower young athletes through wrestling. 




















        
        
            goochland’s athletes battle to victory at special olympics basketball tournament




the goochland high school and middle school gyms put area 6 special olympics teams centerstage on saturday, where full and half-court basketball games were held non-stop through the afternoon. 





















        
        
            cadets get a key stop and a trip to the free throw line




the cadets get a key stop and a trip to the free throw line for chris lamm late in the fourth quarter against flint hill.  




















        
        
            cadets complete the comeback to beat huskies in overtime




the second quarter couldn’t have taken a worse turn for the benedictine cadets. 






























        
        
            after 40 years in practice, goochland doctor says farewell

as the winter sun began to dip toward the horizon on the afternoon of dec. 20, dr. james h. bowles jr. sat in his goochland office, not quite sure of what was to come. 

















        
        
            balanced bulldogs aim for playoff push

it’s hard to pinpoint a single reason as to how the goochland bulldogs have improved upon last season. that’s because there are so many different factors that apply to their solid start to the year. 


















        
        
            capturing a winter wonderland...
















        
        
            recent property transfers

10.413 acres; wendi lee overton, devisee to corey williams, $491,000. 

















        
        
            start the new year by making a difference: volunteer with goochlandcares

the start of a new year brings fresh opportunities and renewed commitments to personal growth and community impact. if your resolutions include giving back, meeting new people, or making a difference, goochlandcares offers the perfect way to achieve your goals: volunteer. 

















        
        
            upcoming library programs

family storytime at the goochland branch library thursdays, jan. 30, 10 — 10:30 a.m. 


























        
        
            sheltering arms institute adds voice assistants to patient room

sheltering arms institute, a local physical rehabilitation hospital and network of outpatient centers, is deploying amazon’s voice-controlled devices to provide greater independence to patients like 22-year-old jaiden picot who have limited mobility. 

















        
        
            bringing history to life: county’s va250 committee marks successful first year

goochland county’s va250 committee, part of the virginia american revolution 250 commission (va250), is celebrating a successful first year marked by two events and a marker unveiling. 

















        
        
            in its first season, goochland middle school wrestling has a home and the coaches to support it

the last few years have seen an emphasis on growth within the goochland wrestling community. from larger junior varsity turnouts to youth summer camps and clubs, it’s been a sport that’s continued to expand year after year. 

















        
        
            cadets, cougars earn all-metro honors for football

after a season of explosive plays, big time performances and down-to-the-wire finishes, we have finally come to that time of the year where we officially say goodbye to the 2024 football season by honoring the top athletes of the richmond area. 

















        
        
            goochland library launches pilot locker program

goochland citizens with a valid library card can now pick up their library materials any hour of the day or night, 24/7! the goochland branch library is part of a pamunkey regional library “library lockers” pilot program. they are easy to use, and library users can conveniently get items whe…

















        
        
            a paw-sitive impact

the goochland school community is brighter, calmer, and happier this year thanks to three therapy dogs that have begun making the rounds throughout the division. coal, tyde, and lettie spend their days offering a comforting paw, providing motivation during learning activities, and spreading …





more goochland gazette



























×
















facebook





twitter





linkedin





instagram









sites & partners


en forme

mechanicsville-ashland local

powhatan today

the goochland gazette

public notices

contests

join our team

get healthy




services


manage subscription

about us

contact us

advertise with us

newsletter sign up

become a carrier

licensing

shopping






                        © copyright 2025
                        richmond times-dispatch, 8460 times dispatch blvd. mechanicsville, va 23116
                    

terms of use
|
privacy policy
|
advertising terms of use
|
do not sell my info
|
cookie preferences




                        powered by blox content management system from bloxdigital.com.
                    












notifications
settings






you don't have any notifications.



get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.

topics

breaking news

subscribe

























