


















school of nursing | school of nursing































      skip to main content
    










san francisco state university |
                

school of nursing 



 



a–z

calendar

login




search
                                    sf state




search sf state button




sf
                                state
                            

this site
                            











toggle navigation
 menu
                            




main navigation


about


academics & admissions


faculty & staff


student resources


news 


alumni


nursing simulation program


faculty resources


contact








 





make a gift















school of nursing


the school of nursing educates and empowers nurses to be agents of change to transform health care. we commit to co-create change by deconstructing, disrupting, and dismantling systems of oppression through the nursing profession. we foster evidence-based nursing, ethical decision-making, sound clinical judgment, leadership and holistic compassionate care using a justice perspective. we promote diversity in the nursing workforce and commit to recruit, retain, support, nurture, and mentor our students, faculty, and staff to support equity and inclusion. 
 
the fall 2025 application deadline has been extended to february 1, 2025.
 
school of nursing solidarity statement on anti-asian & asian american/pacific islander





get started










admissions








current students








alumni












spotlights




 







 



health disparity reduction project (hdrp)


our commitment to reduce health disparities in our local communities and provide future nurses with an educational and experiential foundation in clinical prevention and population health. 
learn more



support this project








 



accreditation


the baccalaureate degree program in nursing and master's degree program in nursing at san francisco state university is accredited by the commission on collegiate nursing education, 655 k street nw, suite 750, washington, dc 20001, 202-887-6791.
 



ccne 









 



emergency fund for school of nursing students


this fund awards financial support on an as-needed basis to students with unforeseen hardship. with your help, every willing and dedicated student has the opportunity to complete their degree, regardless of their financial status.



make a gift













 

    news listing


news





may 08, 2024
sf state and sutter health team up to expand clinical placement opportunities for nursing students 

            
            eight sf state bsna students see sutter cpmc's robotic technology for lung cancer detection.
collaboration will grow the uni…




october 01, 2023
fall 2023 scholarships

            
            school of nursing is offering scholarships this semester for current nursing students:

song brown registered nurse educatio…




may 26, 2022
philip derf  award spring 2022

            
            philip derf was a student in our nursing program at sf state from 1990-1994 who was known as an extraordinary asset to his f…




more news












 

    events listing


events






dec
15



pinning ceremony
fri, december 15, 11:00 am
annex conference center




more events




















contact
email: nursing@sfsu.edutelephone: (415) 338-1802





location1600 holloway avenue, burk hall 357san francisco, ca 94132





office hoursmonday through friday 8 a.m. - 5 p.m.




quick linksbrn nclex pass ratesnurses loungecollege of health & social sciences














accessibility
equity & community inclusion
environment & sustainability
privacy policy
title ix




san francisco state
                            university
a
                            california state university campus









sf state facebook







sf state twitter







sf state instagram







sf state linkedin






































