



	model train collecting - lionel collectors club of america




































username: 

password: 











join our club
join our club overviewmember applicationgift membership application


lcca store
shopping cartlcca product announcementscustomer adminorders


lcca events
lcca events overviewspecial events calendarprevious special events 


lcca newsstand
lcca newsstand overviewpublicationslcca news - currentlcca news - archivenews media centerannual lcca site selection 


for junior members
for junior members overviewcoloring pages gallerypuzzles and games gallery


ask our experts
ask our experts overviewfrequently asked questions


lionel connection
lionel connection overviewlionel linksconversations with lionellionel announcements






































































lcca announces southern pacific black widow set

lcca accepting nominations for office

the lcca 125th lionel anniversary hudson

february 15-16, 2025 suncoast model train show-fl

february 22 & 23, 2025 allentown spring thaw meet







give us feedback on our lcca website









annual conventions
annual conventions overviewfaqsinfo for newbieshistory & recapsconvention carconvention related product offerings


membership benefits
membership benefits overview products


lcca galleries
lcca gallery overviewvideo gallerycommercials galleryphoto gallerydownloads


about our club
about our club overviewclub history  officers, directors & officialsgrading standards constitution & bylawspolicy manualprivacy policy



























 
                            























convention news
members
product development
other news
lionel news
publications
junior member news
fastrak modular
business office
events news



the lcca 2025 scranton convention blog

                                        the lcca 2025 scranton convention blog - this blog is posted to review the prep work for the lcca’s 55th anniversary convention in scranton pennsylvania. stop by often to catch all the latest news and updates on the convention. and remember that you can always be directed to all things lcca scranton by using the hashtag #lcca2025 in the url line of your browser. #lcca2025
                                        read more :.


additional convention news stories




lcca members have a 10% discount at the lionel store - lionel.com

                                        how to receive your lionel product discount  - membership in the lcca includes a 10% discount on products ordered through the lionel llc store.  to receive your discount, call the lionel store (800-628-6202) and give the sales representative your name and lcca club member number.  you will be given the final price and pay with a credit card over the phone.
                                        read more :.


additional members stories




lcca announces a pair of doodlebugs for the holidays


                                        lcca announces a pair of doodlebugs for the holidays. for experienced railroad buffs, there is no need to define a doodlebug as a self-contained rail passenger care with its own engine. it is a railroad’s equivalent to a street trolley, a single self-powered unit carrying passenger. these strange creatures of the rails played an important role in transportation history, keeping rail passenger service alive to underserved communities for years.
                                        read more :.


additional product development stories




2025 lcca election of officers


                                        it’s that time of year to start thinking about the 2025 lcca election of officers. this year, the following positions will be filled by election: directors (2), treasurer, and president-elect.
                                        read more :.


additional other news stories




review of lionel base 3 by lcca’s kevin davis at the lcca omaha convention 


                                        lionel gave the lcca a lionel base 3 unit to use and review at the lcca omaha convention. kevin davis, the lcca fastrack modular layout coordinator discusses various aspects of the base 3 and how it performed. kevin also discussed connecting the base 3 to smartphones and retrofitting tmcc and the current legacy operating systems. 
                                        read more :.


additional lionel news stories




video introduction to the lionel historical model train archives


                                        the lcca proudly announces the formation of the lcca historical model train archive and adds to it in december 2020 two new sections, one on ives and one on pre-war american flyer.  here are two videos, the first is the history of the hsl digital lionel archives and the second a how to to better utilize the lcca historical model train archives on the lcca site.

                                        read more :.






the lcca supports local special events

                                        not all junior members of the lcca know that our club supports many “local special events” that local train clubs and other organizations host for hobbyists every year.  your parents, grandparents and fellow hobbyists that you know – and maybe you have attended one of these local special events in the past. 
                                        read more :.


additional junior member news stories




new version 2.0 modular railroad manual


                                        the new version 2.0 lionel/lcca modular layout has been released containing 20 additional pages and includes the plans for a new small radius module and several module layouts.  manual is now available for viewing, printing and use.  build a module for yourself.
                                        read more :.


additional fastrak modular stories




important to maintain active membership status

                                        it is important as a club member to monitor your club membership renewal date which can be found on your membership card or on-line in the upper right corner after you have logged into the lcca web page.  notification of renewal is sent via email address on file 60 days prior to the expiration date, and subsequently in following days if you did not pay your dues with a postal notification to your address of record.
                                        read more :.






february 15-16, 2025, suncoast model train show-palmetto, fl

                                        2025 suncoast model train show
                                        read more :.


additional events news stories













privacy policy
contact us
sitemap


                ©2025
                by lionel collectors club of america. all rights reserved
            





design & search engine optimization by aristotle®
            






