




billboardsforchrist.org












billboards for christ
      where the lord god reveals himself to you through his word and he alone is glorified!! 

bring me to the messages
      that i have seen 
on the billboards
      and bus shelters and bumper
      stickers 
the bus
cards and the needhope
cards.  
bring me to the  radio
      interview and announcements  
 
want a message placed
      somewhere? let us know! 
yo quiero information en espanol. 

our mission
to spread the gospel of the lord jesus christ to the ends of the world and visibly to all, especially to those who would otherwise never know his word.   

 so shall my word be that goeth forth out of my mouth: it shall not return to me void, but shall accomplish that which i please, and it shall prosper in the thing whereto i sent it.  
      isaiah 55:11 
ministry profile
billboards for christ, is a
      non-profit 501c(3),
      non-denominational
      ministry dedicated to putting god's word on billboards.   
financial stewardship: billboards for christ, inc. is a non-profit corporation.  all contributions to this ministry are
      100% tax deductible.  bfc complies with the strictest standards of financial integrity and accountability. 100% of the donations go to the design, manufacturing and adhesion of the vinyl
billboard covers, and rental of the highway billboards. none of your money goes to administration, mailings and miscellaneous costs. 
no
one on the board of directors receives any compensation from bfc.  there
are no salaried employees in bfc.  bfc is joyfully run by volunteers, servants of
the lord jesus christ!  colossians
3:23,24  we respect donor privacy and
the confidentiality of our donors. 
we hope you feel comfortable browsing through our web site.  may you be blessed seeking the lord while he may be found!! 

 billboards for christ, for the north
shore of massachusetts, usa 

this website is continuously being improved upon with more topics being
addressed.  click to see the next topics.  
************                       
************                           
************ 
"verily i say unto you, he that heareth my word, and believeth on him that sent me, hath everlasting life, and shall not come into condemnation; but is passed from death unto life."
      says jesus.  john 5:24    god loves you without
      condition. 
 


contact information
billboards for christ can be reached by postal mail to:
billboards for christ, inc. 
p.o. box 27
chester, md 21619-0027
u.s.a.
or email us through our feedback
page
donations  are accepted by check or money order at the mailing address only. 

postal address 
billboards for christ, inc.
           
          p.o. box 27
    chester, maryland, u.s.a.  21619-0027
electronic mail  
we would love to hear from you!!  
    for general information or   
      for prayer or  
                   
          for personal
          faith questions or  
              
          for our webmaster:
    please contact us through our feedback
          page. 
  

 





send donations
to:  billboards for christ, inc.
p.o. box 27    chester, md, 21619-0027,  u.s.a.


"everyone who calls on the name of
the lord will be saved." "todo
aquel que invoque el nombre del señor sera salvo."
- 
joel 2:32, romans 10:13, romanos 10:13

            
fair
use permission  is granted
for all teachings on this website with one constraint: all printed or verbally
read material must note "copyright of billboards for christ, inc. found at www.billboardsforchrist.org". 
for more extensive use, please contact us.  
           

all bible verses are from the holy
bible, new international version®, niv®. copyright© 1973,1978,1984 by
international bible society®. used by permission. all rights reserved
worldwide. -- la santa biblia, nueva version internacional®, nvi®. copyright©
1999 by international bible society®. used by permission. all rights reserved
worldwide. -- verses followed by tev
or cev are from today's or contemporary english version with copyright
permission of the  american bible society.. 
nkjv is by thomas
nelson publishing. nueva
biblia latinoamericana de hoy(nblh)©2005 by the lockman
foundation, la habra, california           
 all other writings
are used with copyright permission of csb.
have questions or comments about this web site?  write our webmaster at 
feedback
copyright
© 2002 need hope.   for personal faith questions please contact us through our feedback
page.  billboards for christ, inc. is not responsible for the
content of the links on our website.   see
also www.needhope.net 
have
questions, comments or problems about this web site? 

send e- mail through our feedback page.


copyright © 2000 billboards for christ, inc. 


last modified: june 22, 2014


