discover grand canyon helicopter tours | book today chat with usvalentine's day sale - 10% off gift certificates! » book a tourwhere are you starting your tour?las vegasgrand canyon national parkgrand canyon west rimpage, az (antelope canyon / horseshoe bend)phoenix/scottsdalepopular toursour most popular toursstrip highlights night flight (no transfers)from las vegas stripgrand celebrationfrom las vegasgrand canyon deluxe with hummerfrom las vegasgrand canyon experiencefrom las vegasnorth canyon tourfrom grand canyon national parkgrand discovery air tourfrom grand canyon national parksee popular tours by cityspecial offersweddings & proposalsgeneral informationgeneral informationgrand canyon rim comparisonfrequently asked questionslocations and terminalsvisitor guidesabout the canyonflying with papillonwhy fly papillon?about ushistory of papillonsafetypress and mediabest rate guaranteecovid-19 informationfare informationcancellation policyprivacy policyaccessibility contactconnect with us facebook youtube instagram linkedin twitter tiktokcontact us live webchatreservations – (702) 736-7243large groups & eventscall hours: 8am to 8pm (pst)email – res@papillon.commore contact informationthe teamemploymentaffiliate programpapillon grand canyon helicopter tourschoose your adventurebackwhere are you starting your tour? select the type of tour you want to experience:all tourslas vegas nevadagrand canyon south rimgrand canyon west rimpage, arizona antelope canyonhorseshoe bendphoenix / scottsdale arizonahelicoptervip experiencecanyon floor landingvegas night flightsflightshalf-day excursionsmultiple parkscombo packagesadventureatv/utv off roadexclusive locationsfull day tripprivate flightsentire aircraft reservedcanyon floor landingsskywalk bridgehelicoptermost popularrim-to-rim flightsgrand canyon air tourflightshistoric routebudget friendlycombo packageshummerexpert tour guidesunset toursmultiple viewpointsadventureantelope canyonrafting adventurehorseshoe bendpapillon grand canyon helicopters is the largest and most experienced grand canyon helicopter tours company in the world. we’ve been flying guests on daily tours since 1965, and with three exclusive landing sites on the floor of the canyon, the immersive experience we offer is unrivaled by any other tour company.about papillon grand canyon helicopter tourspapillon grand canyon helicopter tours are certified to fly the entire grand canyon with exclusive landing sites on hualapai and navajo nation lands. our fleet of papillon helicopters are specifically designed for sightseeing and comfort, with oversized windows and onboard upgrades that have been developed by our own team. we service grand canyon helicopter tours from the grand canyon and las vegas. tours afford maximum flight time, enabling guests to fully discover the great wilderness and scenic attractions the southwest has to offer.click to learn moreview our grand canyon helicopter toursfrom grand canyon national park, arizonanorth canyon tourtruly a ‘once-in-a-lifetime’ experience, this helicopter flight will take you over the deepest and widest part of the canyon, following the mighty colorado river from south rim to the north rim. you will witness views of the canyon you will never see from the ground.destination: grand canyonduration: approximately 25-30 minutesview tournorth canyon family flightrecommend for groups of 4+. fly our world famous north canyon tour on an aircraft dedicated exclusively for yourself and your family/friends.destination: grand canyon national parkduration: approximately 25-30 minutesview tourimperial with ecostarexplore the north & east rim - the deepest section of the canyon, boasting 1.7 million year old stone - all from the ecostar, a helicopter offering 180-degree viewing and stadium-style seat design.destination: grand canyonduration: approximately 40-50 minutesview tourstarting from las vegas, nevadalas vegas strip highlights no transfersthere is only one way to view the las vegas strip at its most impressive perspective– from the sky! soar over the stunning skyline and sparkling lights of the world-renowned strip and downtown las vegas.destination: las vegas stripduration: approximately 10-15 minutesview tourgolden eagle air tourthe golden eagle air tour is perfect for las vegas guests who are pressed for time and desire to see as much of the grand canyon as possible. this tour includes aerial views of the hoover dam and lake mead as well as the spectacular grand canyon.destination: grand canyon westduration: approximately 3.5-4 hours from hotel pick-up to hotel drop-offview tourgrand celebration tourfly into the depths of the grand canyon by helicopter and descend below the rim to land on the canyon floor. enjoy champagne toast and refreshments near the colorado river. you’ll have plenty of time to explore and take photos. this tour also includes stunning views of hoover dam, lake mead and the grand wash cliffs.destination: grand canyon westduration: approximately 4 to 4.5 hours from hotel pick-up to hotel drop-offview tourpapillon grand canyon helicopter awardspapillon helicopter's commitment is to provide excellent customer service, unique products, and above all, a continued dedication to ensuring aircraft safety and maintenance training. gold winnerbest airline/charter gold winnerbest airline/charter gold winnerhelicopter tours gold winnerin four categories bronze winnerbest helicopter tourpapillon grand canyon helicopter tours faqsis the grand canyon open?yes! the grand canyon is open and our las vegas tours to grand canyon as well as our grand canyon helicopter tours from the national park are flying daily! check out our guide on how to visit las vegas during covid and have fun while staying safe!what features are offered on papillon tours?hotel transfers (from las vegas only)pre-recorded narration available in multiple languages, plus choreographed music most tours operational every day except christmaswhich days do grand canyon helicopter tours operate?most of our tours operate 364 days a year. our tour offerings are limited to bus and airplane tours on christmas day. how much does a tour to the grand canyon cost?all of our tours vary in price depending on departure location and tour type. to find a tour that’s right for you, visit our tour pages by departure location: las vegas, grand canyon national park, grand canyon west, phoenix/scottsdale or page, az. what grand canyon helicopter tour departure times do you offer?most papillon grand canyon helicopter tours and flights have many departures ranging from early morning to late afternoon and evening.  which grand canyon helicopter tour is the best?well, that all depends on what you’re looking for! we offer a wide range of tour types for all grand canyon experiences. looking for an all-inclusive grand canyon tour that covers hoover dam, lake mead and a landing at the bottom of the grand canyon? we’ve got that. interested in leveling up to a full adventure tour with a helicopter ride, atv and jeep excursion? yeah, we’ve got that, too. check out all of our tours departing from las vegas and grand canyon.   can you take a helicopter to the bottom of the grand canyon?yes! if you are touring with us from las vegas or grand canyon west we offer a number of helicopter tours that will deliver you 4000 ft. to the floor of the grand canyon. view our tours available. what languages are available for grand canyon tours?we offer grand canyon tour narration in several languages on our air transportation tours. most helicopter narrations are available in: spanish, german, portuguese, italian, french, dutch, chinese, cantonese, mandarin, korean, japanese, and english. most airplane narrations are available in: spanish, german, russian, swedish, portuguese, italian, greek, french, dutch, thai, indonesian, cantonese, mandarin, korean, japanese, and english.  still didn't answer your question? see more faqs.make the most out of one day at the grand canyon by helicopterthe grand canyon is split into four major regions, each offering unique sightseeing and outdoor adventures. despite its size you can, with planning, experience the best that grand canyon has to offer in just one day!planning a trip to the grand canyon for international travelersare you planning an international trip to las vegas? our las vegas vacation guide for international travelers can help you plan the perfect getaway from start to finish!connect with usphone: 702-736-7243email: res@papillon.comabout papilloncompany overviewpress & mediapapillon careersaffiliate programcontact ushelpful linksgroups & chartersbooking & cancellation policyfrequently asked questionsguest servicesaccessibility informationvisitor guides © 2002-2024 papillon grand canyon helicopters