






oregonone.org













skip to main content








oregonone.org

 

main menuhome
information desk
courses: university
information
student services
career pathways
faculty/staff center
  
 


error message
deprecated function: function create_function() is deprecated in eval() (line 1 of /home/cl109/public_html/modules/php/php.module(80) : eval()'d code).
 










parents sue st. paul's school for sexual assault 



submitted by cloud_one on fri, 06/17/2016 - 13:00 

parents of students of an elite prep school filed a sexual assault case against st. paul's school. the school reportedly fostered and condoned a practice known as senior salute, a game of sexual contest that involved upperclassmen keeping score on the number of younger students they had sex with.  

read more about parents sue st. paul's school for sexual assault 
cloud_one's blog
log in to post comments
 



google successful in dismissing web browser cookie lawsuit



submitted by cloud_one on thu, 11/12/2015 - 16:14 

in a 60-page decision by the 3rd u.s. circuit court of appeals in philadelphia, judge julio fuentes, along with two other judges, rejected a proposed class action lawsuit claiming that google violated user rights by placing cookies in their browsers to track user activities for ad placement, reuters reported on november 10.tags: googleprivacyclass action lawsuit 

read more about google successful in dismissing web browser cookie lawsuit
log in to post comments
 



jawbone files third lawsuit against fitbit 



submitted by cloud_one on fri, 07/10/2015 - 15:29 

the new fitbit products, including wearable arm bands to track users' motions, are taking america by storm, with the company growing fast.  however, the company is facing its third lawsuit in two months from the company, jawbone.  jawbone is another line of fitness trackers and is seeking to stop fitbit from importing products needed to make the bands. tags: trade secretsfitbitjawboneoregon one 

read more about jawbone files third lawsuit against fitbit 
log in to post comments
 



lawsuit filed against st. joseph’s university for ‘sexually charged hazing’



submitted by cloud_one on tue, 06/16/2015 - 13:56 

as the discussions about sexual assaults in college campuses across america come to a full boil, another lawsuit adds kindling to the raging fire. as reported by ap, st. joseph’s university in philadelphia is in the middle of a controversy involving a lawsuit filed by a former softball player alleging questionable hazing activities. tags: hazingabuseuniversitylawsuit 

read more about lawsuit filed against st. joseph’s university for ‘sexually charged hazing’
log in to post comments
 



xarelto lawsuits can go one way or the other



submitted by cloud_one on thu, 01/08/2015 - 09:00 

xarelto lawsuit plaintiffs have recently submitted a motion to the us judicial panel on multidistrict litigation (jpml) to consolidate the cases in multidistrict litigation (mdl). defendants bayer ag and janssen pharmaceuticals inc. (a division of johnson & johnson) have made a similar motion. the thing is, the motions are for different districts.tags: xareltomultidistrict litigationdrug dangers 

read more about xarelto lawsuits can go one way or the other
log in to post comments
 



red bull denies misleading the public



submitted by cloud_one on tue, 12/02/2014 - 15:55 

we have all seen it time and again; product marketing makes use of exaggeration to promote their products by using catchy taglines that may not be precisely factual. they say “the best in somewhereville” or “once you pop you can’t stop” and similar claims, and in general the consumers know that it is all just talk. there is actually a term for this: puffery. no one really takes it seriously, and in most cases it is caveat emptor or buyers beware. in other words, use your common sense.tags: red bullclass actionlawsuits 

read more about red bull denies misleading the public
log in to post comments
 



dodd-frank only applies to local whistleblowers



submitted by cloud_one on thu, 10/09/2014 - 11:44 

according to a ruling by a us court in a lawsuit brought by a foreign worker against their employer for retaliation, the anti-retaliation statute for whistleblowers comes into effect only when the employee works in the us. foreign employees have no redress if they are terminated for whistleblowing, even if the employer has significant dealings in the us i.e. sells to companies based in the us.tags: secwhistleblowers 

read more about dodd-frank only applies to local whistleblowers
log in to post comments
 



college athletes may not need summer jobs soon



submitted by cloud_one on thu, 09/04/2014 - 11:26 

playing college football or basketball is often a good way to get a scholarship; that is, if you make the cut. however, colleges and universities are often restricted from giving out cash and other incentives by the rules of the national collegiate athletic association (ncaa), and that can severely limit their options. when pitted against well-established institutions, lesser known colleges find it hard to compete for available talent.tags: ncaaantitrust law 

read more about college athletes may not need summer jobs soon
log in to post comments
 



civil action for bullying



submitted by cloud_one on wed, 08/06/2014 - 15:42 

bullying is not taken as seriously as it should be in under criminal law, so parents are now turning to civil litigation to address the problem.
most people have grown up with at least one bully in school, and most of the time it is upsetting but most children quietly suffer through it. however, with an increasing number of bully-induced suicides and the 24-hour reach of bullies through social media, it is not something that can be safely tolerated any longer. most states have anti-bullying laws in place, but legislation is a far cry from enforcement. tags: bullyingcivil lawsuit 

read more about civil action for bullying
log in to post comments
 



the no-fault insurance coverage or pip – coverage for the liable driver’s injuries 



submitted by cloud_one on wed, 07/23/2014 - 17:43 

proving one’s capability to pay for injuries and/or damaged properties is a basic requirement for all drivers in the us. to this effect, all states mandate drivers to carry either the liability car insurance coverage or the no-fault insurance coverage (also called the personal injury protection or pip), that is, whichever their states require. if you've been in an accident contact http://chicagosocialsecuritylaw.com/. 

read more about the no-fault insurance coverage or pip – coverage for the liable driver’s injuries 
log in to post comments
 

pages1
2
next ›
last »
 



 
 

 
 


