







burgundy blue









































































































        home
      

portfolio


            about
          

            blog
          

            contact
          

            join 
          







back


            weddings + events
          

            proposals, engagements, + lovers
          

            families, vacations, + maternity
          

            corporate events, summits, & retreats
          



































































home
portfolio

weddings + events
proposals, engagements, + lovers
families, vacations, + maternity
corporate events, summits, & retreats

aboutblogcontactjoin 







the quality experience you dream of made simply & affordably












capturing life’s most meaningful moments












weddings & events














proposals, engagements, & lovers














families, vacations, & maternity














corporate events, summits, & retreats






    pricing & availability
  



kind words










“i would give 10 stars if i could. ryan was super responsive and helpful and accommodating and easy to work with. then we met trevor, our photographer. trevor was amazing with my kiddos! my kids are 6 and 9“- maeve h. 












“we just received our engagement photos back and they are incredible!! we had the best time shooting with burgundy blue and our photographer made the whole experience so comfortable and fun!” - sophia d.












“we were so thrilled working with burgundy blue for our wedding photography. our photographer navigated the whole day seamlessly. he got all the shots we were hoping for and more. he had such a calm manner about him and added to our day in so many ways. the photos turned out better than we could have imagined and working with ryan before and after made the whole process such a pleasure.” - michelle o.





read more reviews on yelp and google













 









 

"as a concierge for ojai valley inn, i have had the pleasure of working with burgundy blue numerous times for private events, family portraits and milestone celebrations. while creating memorable experiences for my guests, burgundy blue has always been a photography team i work with as they have an incredible eye for capturing moments my guests can remember forever.”- cody creightonexecutive services manager | ojai valley inn















burgundy blue | then & now




    read our story here
  



meet our team!



















































































































    join the team
  














































































































































    pricing & availability
  












burgundy blue
santa barbara
8057951616
ryancaliendo@gmail.com


hours
mon 9am to 5pm
tue 9am to 5pm
wed 9am to 5pm
thu 9am to 5pm
fri 9am to 5pm
sat 9am to 5pm
sun 9am to 5pm

























terms & conditionsprivacy policy




©burgundy blue 2024









