






pennsylvania lawyer - real estate, litigation, business | utbf
























































unruh, turner, burke & frees

menu

about us
practice areas
attorneys
news
blog
careers
contact
x
search for:



search



 

























we listen.
learn more about who we are 



the discerning client knows that the law is more than an abstract concept and that the value of choosing the right law firm transcends technical competence. today’s sophisticated clients want a lawyer who serves as a trusted advisor;  one who  listens to and understands their needs and goals,  identifies important legal issues that affect them, helps them define and make important choices,  and works with them to develop and implement a strategy to realize their goals efficiently and effectively. 






our primary practice areas include:
 appeals lawyersappeals lawyersour pennsylvania appeals lawyers have briefed and argued appeals in multiple state and federal jurisdictions on a variety of matters. we have broad experience appellate cases including, most recently appeals addressing telecommunications, taxation and the constitutionality of state statutes. our appeals lawyers frequently review the merits of appeals with clients and referring counsel to determine …  banking & financebanking & financeour banking and finance lawyers have extensive experience leading financing transactions for community, regional and national banks, as well as representing the individual, business and developer in navigating the financing portion of their deals. representing the lender we represent community, regional and national banks in all types of loan transactions from drafting the various loan …  business planning & organizationsbusiness planning & organizationsone of the major components of our practice is the representation of small to medium size closely-held businesses. our business planning lawyers provide a wide range of services relating to clients’ day-to-day business operations, counsel clients in the selection and formation of business organizations suited to their particular needs, and represent business organizations and their …  business transactionsbusiness transactionsone of our most significant practice areas is the representation of closely-held businesses. unruh turner burke & frees provides a wide range of services to for-profit businesses and non-profit organizations child custodychild custodythe determination of physical and legal custody can be one of the most challenging and sensitive things a family can go through. the custody attorneys at unruh turner burke & frees, p.c., provide a compassionate and honest voice of reason during these challenging times, keeping the child’s best interest in mind. we are committed to …  construction litigationconstruction litigationour commercial litigation, real estate and land use practice groups draw on and combine their extensive experience in litigation and in all facets of municipal, land use and real estate in order to enable unruh turner burke & frees to offer exceptional representation of clients (whether as plaintiffs or defendants) in most types of real …  creditor’s rights & bankruptcycreditor’s rights & bankruptcyour creditor’s rights attorneys in chester county, pa have extensive experience representing banks, trust companies, savings institutions, asset-based lenders, commercial landlords, commercial finance lenders, leasing companies and other financial institutions, in a broad range of commercial transactions, bankruptcy and creditors’ rights issues.  in addition to representing commercial lenders with drafting and negotiating transaction documents such …  criminal defensecriminal defensewelcome to unruh turner burke & frees’ criminal defense practice, where we are committed to guiding clients through the intricacies of the criminal justice system in chester county and its surrounding areas. with two longstanding offices located in west chester and phoenixville, our firm is uniquely equipped to serve clients charged with criminal offenses arising …  divorcedivorceat unruh turner burke & frees, we approach every divorce case with empathy and sensitivity. we recognize the emotional strain and complexities involved and are committed to guiding you through the process with care. every divorce is unique. we tailor our legal strategies to fit your specific needs and goals, striving to achieve resolutions that …  elder law solutions ®elder law solutions ®our elder law attorneys help to guide families and individuals through the complex issues facing the elderly at all levels of wealth. elder law issues often involve questions of real estate, income, estate, and gift taxation, as well as trust, estate, and medicaid laws and regulations. since most families and individuals find this maze of …  governmentalgovernmentalour attorneys augment the in-house legal capabilities of county government by providing counsel in a variety of specialized areas. drawing on our depth of experience in diverse areas such as real estate, land use, eminent domain, and public finance, our governmental law attorneys counsel county government and its agencies on a variety of issues including: …  hotel, hospitality & franchisinghotel, hospitality & franchisingour hospitality lawyers offer comprehensive legal advice for hotel owners, developers and managers. these services supplement other practice areas of our firm, including commercial real estate, transactional, business entity and employment law. our attorneys have extensive experience with the unique aspects of hotel ownership and operation, including the acquisition, maintenance and transfer of essential licenses …  internal investigationsinternal investigationsour internal investigation lawyers provide comprehensive reports, conclusions and recommendations in any number of situations requested by our clients. the internal investigation group knows that time is always a major factor when addressing issues on behalf of our clients, and all of the resources of the group are brought to bear to provide prompt and …  labor & employment lawlabor & employment lawour pennsylvania employment law attorneys provide sophisticated representation to our clients on a variety of matters that arise in the modern workplace. we recognize that employment and labor-related disputes often require immediate attention, and so we are poised to meet those needs of our clients by providing consultation, advice and, if necessary, representation in civil …  litigationlitigationour first rate litigation group is staffed by experienced litigation lawyers in chester county, pa who provide aggressive advocacy in responding to clients’ needs and are poised to handle a wide variety of sophisticated commercial and consumer related matters. our litigation lawyers have experience handling disputes in the following areas: creditors’ rights in bankruptcy creditor’s …  mediators & arbitratorsmediators & arbitratorslitigating disputes in the judicial system takes a substantial financial and emotional toll on both the parties to the litigation and the judicial system itself. increasingly, parties have turned to arbitration, mediation and other forms of alternative dispute resolution (adr) to avoid the expense and delay typically involved in litigation. several of our attorneys are …  municipal & school lawmunicipal & school lawour municipal and school law practice offers a unique blend of experience in municipal law, municipal authority law and school law. our municipal attorneys counsel townships, boroughs, zoning hearing boards, municipal authorities and school districts on the wide range of issues confronting these bodies. in addition, we have extensive expertise in representing water, sewer and …  prenuptial agreementsprenuptial agreementsa prenuptial agreement is a crucial legal document that allows couples to clarify their financial rights and responsibilities before marriage. it helps in safeguarding assets, defining spousal support arrangements, and minimizing conflicts in case of future separation or divorce. at unruh turner burke and frees, we offer a range of services tailored to meet your …  real estate developmentreal estate developmentunruh turner burke & frees’ real estate development practice integrates the resources of our first rate land use and real estate transactional attorneys who, working closely with our clients and other members of the development team, guide our clients through the various phases and potential pitfalls of their residential, commercial or retail development projects. our …  real estate tax assessmentreal estate tax assessmentour long established and active real estate tax assessment law group represents both commercial and residential owners as well as various taxing authorities. our experience provides our attorneys with a comprehensive understanding of tax assessment law. we put our depth of knowledge to work for our clients to guide them through the tax assessment process, …  real estate transactionsreal estate transactionsunruh turner burke & frees has one of the most active and well-respected real estate practice groups in the region, serving clients who range from some of the most prominent and respected residential and commercial developers in the area to individual real estate investors and individual homeowners. whether our client is acquiring and developing raw …  taxationtaxationour tax firm offers a broad range of individual, business and estate tax planning services through our professional tax attorneys. these services supplement our services in other areas such as estate planning and representation of clients in real estate and commercial transactions and the formation of business entities. we provide comprehensive advice and counseling on …  telecommunications, wireless & cabletelecommunications, wireless & cableour telecommunications lawyers have a full range of resources available to municipal and private clients in this complex and constantly evolving practice area.  we craft wireless and right of way ordinances for municipalities, and have litigated tower and infrastructure cases in both state and federal courts.  at the same time we track and update our …  trust and estate administrationtrust and estate administrationour experienced trust and estate lawyers offer a range of services designed to make estate and trust administration simple and effective. these services include assistance in the filing of federal estate and gift tax returns, and pennsylvania inheritance tax returns. we also work with the client’s tax advisors, or obtain the services of tax advisors, …  trust, estate & wealth preservationtrust, estate & wealth preservationour firm’s team of estate planning attorneys guide clients through the process of trust and estate planning as well as more sophisticated asset protection and federal estate tax planning strategies. we also represent corporate and individual fiduciaries including guardians, executors and trustees and assist them in handling all aspects of estate and trust administration, wealth …  zoning & land use lawzoning & land use lawthe land use & zoning law attorneys help clients navigate the complex zoning, subdivision and land development process, and the myriad of regulations affecting new construction and land development. we work extensively with property owners, developers, municipalities, zoning hearing boards and planning commissions. we represent developers in hearings before zoning hearing boards, boards of supervisors …  




sophisticated, responsive and focused.


“at unruh turner burke & frees, the client’s objective is never lost in the details and as a result, even complex deals get done quickly and efficiently..."read more...
“unruh turner burke & frees has been a tremendous resource to me and my team throughout the past 17+ years.  this highly-talented group delivers the...”read more...
“unruh turner burke & frees has been a trusted source of advice and counsel on all levels of governmental law and regulation, from zoning and land use...”read more...
"our trust department has utilized unruh turner burke & frees’ expertise for several years to assist our clients with their overall estate plans. they..."read more...
“over the last 25 years unruh turner burke & frees has represented our residential building and development enterprise in many capacities including real..."read more...
"based on my long-term relationship with unruh turner burke & frees, i can wholeheartedly recommend its services to any business owner who wishes to work with...”read more...
“we recently hired unruh turner burke & frees to handle a conditional use application for our chestnut street lofts apartment project in downtown west chester..."read more...
“i have been working with unruh turner burke & frees for many years. they have provided legal counsel in the areas of estate planning, land use, litigation and...”read more...
“i have relied on the firm's legal advice to make critical decisions on handling family wealth and making appropriate decisions for my family's future.”read more...
“… this highly-talented group delivers the highest quality legal work and brings real-world experience in a very cost-effective manner…”read more...
"if there is an issue facing a municipality, unruh turner burke & frees is the source for sound guidance and direction.”read more...
“…they have provided legal counsel in the areas of estate planning, land use, litigation and real estate. in every one of those areas i have been blessed with great ...”read more...
"whether we are competing in a strong market or working through a declining market, it has always been reassuring to know that unruh turner burke & frees has both..."read more...


meet our elite team 




trusted counsel and guidance since 1990.
the lawyers of unruh, turner, burke & frees have provided that trusted counsel and guidance to our clients since 1990. we have developed and maintained long-lasting client relationships, in many cases spanning decades, with a personal approach that puts clients first. our lawyers place the utmost emphasis on listening to what our clients want, being accessible and responsive, and applying the expertise, knowledge and experienced judgment required to achieve the best possible outcome.  our business, government and individual clients receive the same high level of attention to detail and care.

view biodavid m. frees, iiiview biodaniel j. yarnallview bioamanda j. sundquistview biodaniel s. leperaview biowilliam j. burke, iiiview biotheodore f. claypooleview biojohn k. fiorilloview biostephen p. lagoy 

meet more of our team  







strategic partners navigating the legal and regulatory world.
as a strategic partner, unruh turner burke & frees helps clients navigate the increasingly complicated legal and regulatory world. whether we are handling a matter that can be resolved with practical and simple solutions or one that demands sophisticated strategies and techniques, and whether we are representing an individual, small business or large institution, we combine a thorough knowledge of diverse areas of the law with years of experience and practical judgment to serve our clients’ needs.
but first, we listen.










 latest news
21jandaniel s. lepera named partner at unruh turner burke & freesunruh turner burke & frees is pleased to announce that daniel s. lepera has been named a partner, effective january 1, 2025. this well-deserved promotion recognizes dan’s exceptional legal skills, client-first approach, and significant contributions to the firm. “dan’s promotion to partner reflects his professionalism, dedication to his clients, and commitment to the firm’s … read more 13novunruh turner burke & frees earns national tier 1 designation and metropolitan rankings in eight practice areas in the 2025 edition of best law firms®we are honored to announce that unruh turner burke & frees has once again been recognized with tier designations by best law firms® the firm has been named a tier 1 national firm for land use and zoning law for the fourth consecutive year. additionally, eight practice areas achieved metropolitan tier rankings for the … read more 24octunruh turner burke & frees attorney john k. fiorillo appointed to chester county civil rules committeeunruh turner burke & frees is proud to announce that attorney john k. fiorillo, a seasoned commercial litigator and member of the firm’s executive committee, has been appointed to serve on the civil rules committee for the court of common pleas, chester county, pennsylvania that has recently been reconvened by the president judge of … read more  

read all news  



  



















west chester, pa
	              17 west gay street
        	      p.o. box 515
                      west chester, pa  19380
                      (610) 692-1371

phoenixville, pa
                      120 gay street
                      p.o. box 289
                      phoenixville, pa 19460
                      (610) 933-8069
                    













about us
practice areas
attorneys
news
blog
careers
contact
 © copyright 2025 unruh, turner, burke & frees. all rights reserved.  |  sitemap  |  legal  | lawyer website design by paperstreet


















