



join the 123greetings affiliates program







 






affiliates migration faq 


 we are in the process of upgrading the affiliates system. we have migrated your site to the new affiliates system. to login to your account please go to  https://affiliates.123greetings.com


sign in 
welcome to the 123greetings affiliates program.
 
if you are looking for fresh traffic on your website or want to enhance the quality of your offering or simply want to be a part of holidays and attractions you would probably want to check us out.
 
we believe that our affiliates are a great source of strength for us.  we want to be sure that we provide the most superior service in the  industry. 
 
learn more and 
sign up » 

why am i asked to migrate? 
what are the   new features that me and my visitors will experince in the new system?	    
will there   be any disruption of services because of this upgrade? 
what will be my login info?


why am i asked to migrate?
 
to serve you better, the 123greetings affiliates program has been upgraded with new features and interface enhancements. we have integrated more features to track the performance of your greeting card site, improved the layout as per the current web standards, and made it easier to customize your card site.      
 
to access all the upgrades, we are providing you a migration link that will copy all the required data from the old system to the new system without any disruption in service.
 
[ back to top ]
 
what are the new features that me and my visitors will experience in the new system?
 
with the new system you get the following new features in the back-end:
 

enhanced card tracking report
easy-to-use tools to customize your greeting card site
user friendly admin panel interface

 
in the front-end your visitors will experience:
 

improved layout and site navigation
simple card sending process
seo friendly urls

 
[ back to top ]
 
will there be any disruption of services because of this upgrade?
 
we are working hard to ensure that neither you nor your visitors experience any service disruption because of this upgrade.
 
[ back to top ]
 
what will be my login info?
 
to access your account in the old system you were required to provide your username and password. in the new system, you will need to provide your email address (that you used while signing up) and your current password to login to your account.
 
[ back to top ]
 





 copyright © 123greetings.com, inc. all rights reserved. privacy policy | disclaimer 







