


inkscape - draw freely. | inkscape











































inkscape
draw freely.




❤️ help us make inkscape awesome! ❤️


english

english
deutsch
français
hrvatski
italiano
español
português
português brasileiro
česky
русский
العربيّة
日本語
简体中文
繁體中文
한국어
indonesia



log in


register













                  
                
                    about
                
            



                        
                        
                            overview
                            
                        
                    



                        
                        
                            features
                            
                        
                    



                        
                        
                            screenshots
                            
                        
                    



                        
                        
                            governance
                            
                        
                    



                        
                        
                            licensing
                            
                        
                    



                        
                        
                            branding
                            
                        
                    





                  
                
                    download
                
            



                        
                        
                            current stable version
                            
                                1.4




                        
                        
                            unstable development snapshot
                            
                        
                    



                        
                        
                            extensions
                            
                        
                    





                  
                
                    news
                
            



                        
                        
                            calendars
                            
                        
                    



                        
                        
                            contributor blog
                            
                        
                    





                  
                
                    community
                
            



                        
                        
                            code of conduct
                            
                        
                    



                        
                        
                            forums
                            
                        
                    



                        
                        
                            chat
                            
                        
                    



                        
                        
                            mailing lists
                            
                        
                    



                        
                        
                            gallery
                            
                        
                    



                        
                        
                            teams
                            
                        
                    



                        
                        
                            about screen contest
                            
                        
                    





                  
                
                    learn
                
            



                        
                        
                            faq
                            
                        
                    



                        
                        
                            books and manuals
                            
                        
                    



                        
                        
                            tutorials
                            
                        
                    



                        
                        
                            animation
                            
                        
                    





                  
                
                    contribute
                
            



                        
                        
                            testing
                            
                        
                    



                        
                        
                            report bugs
                            
                        
                    



                        
                        
                            translations
                            
                        
                    



                        
                        
                            community to-do list
                            
                        
                    



                        
                        
                            promote
                            
                        
                    



                        
                        
                            contributor stats
                            
                        
                    



                        
                        
                            extensions
                            
                        
                    





                  
                
                    develop
                
            



                        
                        
                            getting started
                            
                        
                    



                        
                        
                            about svg
                            
                        
                    



                        
                        
                            coding style
                            
                        
                    



                        
                        
                            bug management
                            
                        
                    



                        
                        
                            inkscape's repositories
                            
                        
                    



                        
                        
                            debugging
                            
                        
                    



                        
                        
                            extensions
                            
                        
                    





                  
                
                    support us
                
            



                        
                        
                            donate
                            
                        
                    



                        
                        
                            contributor meetings
                            
                        
                    



                        
                        
                            svg standards work
                            
                        
                    



                        
                        
                            sponsors
                            
                        
                    











inkscape's path-artist's blossom by inkonic




expand your creative universe by chris hildenbrand




a new dawn by fabian mosakowski




creating together by sreya saju




download now!

          
          get the professional vector graphics editor!
        


explore features

          
          find out what inkscape is capable of
        


community gallery

          
          showcase of creations from the community
        


learning resources

          
          howtos, videos, tutorials and more...
        





 inkscape is a powerful, free design tool
whether you are an illustrator, designer, web designer or just someone who needs to create some vector imagery, inkscape is for you!

flexible drawing tools
broad file format compatibility
powerful text tool
bezier and spiro curves

want to find out more about how inkscape can help you? look at the full set of features or try it!


join our thriving community
we can always use help from more people. if you can write code, you may be able to involve in development; if you can't, there are still lots of things we can use help with. take a look at our contribute section.
become our sponsor


blogs




contract to import ai files 2025 update
feb. 5, 2025

to allow the import of adobe illustrator files into inkscape, we are developing a python extension. this post outlines the progress made in the second month of the project, january 2025.
find out what manpreet has worked on in january 2025...

read more...


inkscape translation contribution, and other short stories
dec. 25, 2024

the traditional chinese translations of inkscape at the time was, let’s say, lacking. there were visible untranslated parts everywhere, namely in the align and distribute dialog, the dialog tab names, parts of the menu items, in the settings, and in the tooltips. my gripe was that some of them were partially translated, meaning that maybe the tool name was translated but the tooltip wasn’t, or in the case of the align and distribute dialog, some align options were and some weren’t, even though they are similar functions....

read more...




 


recent news





inkscape summit frankfurt 2025
feb. 5, 2025

for the past few days, 7 inkscape members met up in frankfurt, germany to collaborate on various projects and get to know each other.
we were especially delighted to have two inkstitch maintainers, a major downstream project of inkscape, join us. this way, we got to learn about the struggles and worries of projects using inkscape better, and even built a new capability for extensions to interact with inkscape during the event.

read more...


inkscape at 21 is growing up and getting organized
nov. 6, 2024


november 6, 2024, marks the end of the 20th anniversary year for the inkscape project, and the beginning of a new decade of adventure. there were a few milestones this past year, among them an informal global celebration, a bug-fix program, an about screen contest, an inkscape summit, a summer of code, and the launch of version 1.4.
here’s a brief look at some of those milestones.

read more...


inkscape’s 20th anniversary
nov. 5, 2024


on november 18, 2023, the inkscape project celebrated its 20th anniversary.
the anniversary celebration was an online get-together of inkscape users and contributors.
this was an initiative by the vectors team and the intention was to bring inkscape users and contributors together to celebrate 20 years of inkscape.

read more...














        
          inkscape is free and open source software licensed under the gpl.
        
      


with thanks to:
fastly
osuosl
sponsors
the authors




