


view tank























	view tank
	







sunday, july 22, 2007



	 
	 outsourcing child care overseas
	 
    
labels: tube

posted by feedscott @ 1:08 pm
0 comments









	 
	 research a candidate quick!
	 
    
just tell the computer what's important to you. this is a really simple way to find out which candidates share your views....read more | digg story

posted by feedscott @ 12:56 pm
0 comments






tuesday, december 05, 2006



	 
	 rummy anyone?
	 
    


posted by feedscott @ 3:42 pm
0 comments






friday, may 05, 2006



	 
	 bird flu will not close us borders!
	 
    
to be honest feedscott does not think much about bird flu. except when feedscott hears that the us goverment states "bird flu will not close us borders"! ya right! us borders only exist on a map. who are they trying to kid?bird flu - breaking newspicture from:  images.icnetwork.co.uk

posted by feedscott @ 10:26 am
1 comments






wednesday, may 03, 2006



	 
	 the human condition
	 
    
defined by wikipedia:the human condition encompasses the totality of the experience of being human and living human lives. as mortal entities, there are a series of biologically determined events which are common to most human lives, and some which are inevitable for all. the ongoing way in which humans react to or cope with these events is the human condition. however, understanding the precise nature and scope of what is meant by the human condition is itself a philosophical problem. the term is also used in a metaphysical sense, to describe the joy, terror and other feelings or emotions associated with being and existence. humans, to an apparently superlative degree amongst all living things, are aware of the passage of time, can remember the past and imagine the future, and are intimately aware of their own mortality. only human beings are known to ask themselves questions relating to the purpose of life beyond the base need for survival, or the nature of existence beyond that which is empirically apparent: what is the meaning of existence? why was i born? why am i here? where will i go when i die? the human struggle to find answers to these questions — and the very fact that we can conceive them and ask them — is what defines the human condition in this sense of the term. although the term itself may have gained popular currency with the human condition, a film trilogy directed by masaki kobayashi which examined these and related concepts, the quest to understand the human condition dates back to the first attempts by humans to understand themselves and their place in the universe.

posted by feedscott @ 10:30 am
0 comments






tuesday, may 02, 2006



	 
	 stephen colberts' big rocky mountain oysters
	 
    
stephen colbert at the white house correspondents dinner, roasted president bush in what feedscott will call a severe tonge lashing. colbert said things about the president's administration that  anti bush bloggers have been saying for awhile. the left has felt a jolt of validation and enthusiasm! every one is saying colbert had a ball or two. to bad no one in the democratic party can spark this kind of rallying response.  stephen colbert is now the rush limbaugh of the left without all that crazy drug stuff.get links to the video's and festivities here :colberttechnovideo 1  http://youtube.com/watch?v=gj4rye4hd6wvideo 2  http://youtube.com/watch?v=h4y9fo2tpygvideo 3  http://youtube.com/watch?v=vtkly-s-6bspicture from:   www.dolcesinfonia.comtags: dick cheney hunter joe wilson valeri plane cia democrate republican comedy george roast nsa myspace retired general rumsfeld scalia john mcain chocolate city marshmello center tony snow job iraq katie couric helen thomas

posted by feedscott @ 11:31 pm
1 comments






sunday, april 30, 2006



	 
	 people will strike in support of mexican slaves
	 
    
feedscott has not heard the illegal immigrant workers referred to as slaves, but that is what they are.  some illegal immigrants are working for below minimum wage and in unsatisfactory conditions. whether they are called indentured servants or slaves these are the workers doing the jobs that most americans will not do for below minimum wage. this is america's dirty little secret. tomorrow thousands of people will protest for the illegal immigrants' amnesty, work visas, equal rights, and a chance at the american dream! these people will not go to work or to school. los angeles california will suffer the greatest where an estimated 3 million illegal immigrants reside. the actual number is probably closer to 6 or 10 million.the produce supply chain will be be affected as well as some restaurant services. estimates of illegal immigrants nationwide are about 12 million. feedscott believes this number to be about 20 to 30 million. logistically there is no way to locate and deport this many people. even if marshal law was declared there are not enough resources to accomplish this mass deportation.america and americans must now come to the realization that the peaceful invasion from mexico has been accomplished. there must now be plans made for how to accommodate these people. feedscott does not agree with the way these people came to the us, but the exodus has arrived over time. the first step must be to secure the borders with technology, not a wall. second, a way to assimilate these immigrants must be quick, easy, and beneficial to the immigrants as well as the us.follow up to:  immigration imagination

posted by feedscott @ 9:28 pm
1 comments






saturday, april 29, 2006



	 
	 michelle malkin vents some hot air
	 
    
discovered today:michelle malkin is vod casting with the vlog vent on hot air. currently there are 5 vods to vurf. what's a vurf? a vurf is a video surf or surfer. click the picture to check out the vent archives.

posted by feedscott @ 8:25 am
0 comments










political hot topics views thoughts and opinions from feedscott




this blog is priceless! how much is your blog worth?

links

feed the children
feed scott - blogcharm
feedscott blog
future lines
feedscott zoombuzz music

political far right

michelle malkin

political right

hugh hewitt
my opinion on politics

political moderate

the krehbiel strikes back
the moderate voice
crooks and liars
the feedscott view tank

political left

daily kos

political far left

tba

previous posts

outsourcing child care overseas
research a candidate quick!
rummy anyone?
bird flu will not close us borders!
the human condition
stephen colberts' big rocky mountain oysters
people will strike in support of mexican slaves
michelle malkin vents some hot air
snow white house secretary
big bin laden: dog manhunt for dummies

archives

january 2006
february 2006
march 2006
april 2006
may 2006
december 2006
july 2007




 






 








