



home | roxbury community college | educating boston’s communities



























information for
current students
new students
faculty & staff
employers & corporate partners



library
reggie lewis center
workforce development


applymyrcclanguage



searchsearch





exploreabout rcc
mission, vision and values
leadership
visit
news and updates 
alumni network
donate to rcc
work at rcc
public safety
public records
accreditation
office of institutional assessment


enrolladmissions & registration
steps to apply
testing center
course registration schedule
request information


affordcosts & financial aid
types of financial assistance
student accounts
tuition fees
make a payment


learnprograms & courses
find your program
associate in arts programs
associate in science programs
certificate programs
center for smart building technology
workforce development programs
general education


succeedstudent services
student success
library
academic support
career support & internships
accessibility services
health and wellness
transfer services
student life


experiencebeyond the classroom
arts & culture
lifelong learning
reggie lewis center
event space








               							language
               						


search

menu




               				information for
               			






applymyrcc









                     						 your future is our focus
                     					

                     						at roxbury community college, we put students first. your success is our success,
                     and we’re committed to providing you with the resources you need to excel.
                     					
why rcc?steps to apply










                  register for spring courses!
                  			


                     register today
                     				






                  learn the technology that is shaping the future
                  			


                     learn more
                     				






                  go to rcc for free!
                  			


                     learn more
                     				






                  center for economic and social justice
                  			


                     learn more
                     				










let’s get started!


                           						explore
                           					
                           						academic programs
                           					

                           						advance
                           					
                           						your career
                           					

                           						finance
                           					
                           						your education
                           					








                     							take our path finder quiz!
                     						



                           										which best describes your current situation?
                           									

                                 														i am currently in or have recently graduated from high school
                                 													
                                 														i am a working adult seeking further education
                                 													
                                 														i am a working professional interested in advancing in my current industry
                                 													



                           										i’m happy when i’m:
                           									

                                 														being creative with music, art, writing and anything in between
                                 													
                                 														using the latest technology
                                 													
                                 														helping others
                                 													
                                 														solving interesting problems
                                 													
                                 														feeling totally in control
                                 													



                           										my ideal work environment would allow me to:
                           									

                                 														think creatively with few rules
                                 													
                                 														work with my hands
                                 													
                                 														work with people
                                 													
                                 														work alone
                                 													
                                 														play an integral leadership
                                 													



                           										when working on a group project, i'm the person who:
                           									

                                 														comes up with the main idea
                                 													
                                 														wants to build the finished product
                                 													
                                 														helps others understand
                                 													
                                 														does the research
                                 													
                                 														checks the details and keeps others on track
                                 													



                           										people see me as:
                           									

                                 														flexible - i'm open to new ideas
                                 													
                                 														a problem solver - i love to think of creative solutions.
                                 													
                                 														generous - i'm a caretaker
                                 													
                                 														curious - i love to learn 
                                 													
                                 														logical - it's all about the details 
                                 													



                           										i'm intrigued by:
                           									

                                 														a good show or story
                                 													
                                 														inventions
                                 													
                                 														feelings of others
                                 													
                                 														research and data
                                 													
                                 														business and entrepreneurship
                                 													



                           										my idea of a job well done is:
                           									

                                 														expressing myself through art
                                 													
                                 														creating something that solves a problem
                                 													
                                 														getting to know people in the process
                                 													
                                 														solving tough math problems
                                 													
                                 														making money! 
                                 													



                           										i am known for:
                           									

                                 														creating
                                 													
                                 														getting the job done
                                 													
                                 														being generous
                                 													
                                 														challenging myths
                                 													
                                 														showing initiative - i don't wait for someone to tell me what to do 
                                 													



                     							choose one answer
                     						

1/10

                           									back
                           								
                           									next
                           								submit




										["arts and humanities","english","liberal arts","musical arts","visual arts"]

										["broadcast media technology","certificate - information system technology","engineering","radiologic technology","web technologies"]

										["criminal justice","early childhood education","health careers","nursing","social science"]

										["biological science","biological science - lab animal care","biotechnology","mathematics","physical science"]

										["accounting","business administration","business management","criminal justice","social science"]



										["building science principles","cannabis agent","communications, entrepreneurship and management","energy auditor pre-apprentice","entrepreneurship","event planning","fundamentals of energy efficient building operations","grant writing","green professional training (gpro) programs","introduction to building automation systems","occupations in the field of medicine and healthcare"]

										["building science principles","comptia tech+ certification","computer network administration","energy auditor pre-apprentice","fundamentals of energy efficient building operations","green professional training (gpro) programs","introduction to building automation systems","introduction to computers"]

										["certified nursing assistant","clinical medical assistant","medical billing & coding","ptcb exam prep","phlebotomy","real estate license preparation","registered behavior technician (rbt) certification program","veterinarian assistant"]

										["building science principles","comptia tech+ certification","energy auditor pre-apprentice","engineering - smart building technology conc","fundamentals of energy efficient building operations","green professional training (gpro) programs","introduction to building automation systems","introduction to computers","medical billing & coding","pharmacy technician","veterinarian assistant"]

										["accounting certificate","building science principles","business communications","comptia tech+ certification","energy auditor pre-apprentice","finance for nonprofit professionals","financial management for startups and entrepreneurs","fundamentals of energy efficient building operations","google project management certificate","green professional training (gpro) programs","introduction to building automation systems","introduction to computers","leadership","medical billing & coding","real estate license preparation"]



										["building science principles","cannabis agent","communications, entrepreneurship and management","energy auditor pre-apprentice","entrepreneurship","event planning","fundamentals of energy efficient building operations","grant writing","green professional training (gpro) programs","introduction to building automation systems","occupations in the field of medicine and healthcare"]

										["building science principles","comptia tech+ certification","computer network administration","energy auditor pre-apprentice","fundamentals of energy efficient building operations","green professional training (gpro) programs","introduction to building automation systems","introduction to computers"]

										["certified nursing assistant","clinical medical assistant","medical billing & coding","ptcb exam prep","phlebotomy","real estate license preparation","registered behavior technician (rbt) certification program","veterinarian assistant"]

										["building science principles","comptia tech+ certification","energy auditor pre-apprentice","engineering - smart building technology conc","fundamentals of energy efficient building operations","green professional training (gpro) programs","introduction to building automation systems","introduction to computers","medical billing & coding","pharmacy technician","veterinarian assistant"]

										["accounting certificate","building science principles","business communications","comptia tech+ certification","energy auditor pre-apprentice","finance for nonprofit professionals","financial management for startups and entrepreneurs","fundamentals of energy efficient building operations","google project management certificate","green professional training (gpro) programs","introduction to building automation systems","introduction to computers","leadership","medical billing & coding","real estate license preparation"]








why roxbury community college?
rcc offers unmatched student support and quality instruction by professors invested in your success. in addition, our state-of-the-art facilities and technology assistance are available
               to all students.




                        				reputable
                        			


                              						91%
                              					

                              						of students recommend rcc
                              					







                        				affordable
                        			


                              						$6,700
                              					

                              						total annual cost of full-time studies
                              					







                        				innovative
                        			


                              						100%
                              					

                              						of rcc students take college-level math
                              					





learn more









                           									apply
                           								
for admission

1






                           									submit
                           								
official transcripts

2






                           									apply
                           								
for financial assistance

3






                           									meet
                           								
an academic advisor & register

4



let's go!







                     						latest news
                     					

                     						more news
                     					




 

		february 10, 2025
	

		black history month at rcc
	



								read more
								
 

		january 28, 2025
	

		roxbury community college launches new business innovation center
	



								read more
								
 

		december 23, 2024
	

		providing rcc students with comfort & support during the holidays
	



								read more
								
 






               				more news
               			











                     						upcoming events
                     					

                     						more events
                     					







							feb 16, 2025
						

							african american ball model call
						



							more info
						






							feb 16, 2025
						

							miaa division track d5
						



							more info
						





							feb 17, 2025
						

							presidents day – holiday
						



							more info
						









               				more events
               			










				“there will be challenges and times when you get frustrated, or you feel that you've hit a brick wall. know that there's support outside of class that you can rely on. don't be ashamed to ask for help. i was a strong student, and i went to tutoring for help. there are qualified people who want to help you. prepare for setbacks and don't get discouraged.”
			






						jon luc dumornay
					

					commencement speaker, class of 2021
					




				“at rcc, athletic success is achieved without compromising academic standards. the academic and personal development of every student athlete is a primary concern. for fall 2019, 20 of rcc's student athletes (44%) completed the semester with a gpa of 3.0 or higher! we congratulate our student athletes on their academic and athletic achievements.”
			






						braima samita
					

					head coach, men's soccer
					




				“rcc has the capacity and support systems in place to help students complete their academic goals. i will be forever grateful for the opportunity and the experience i gained.”
			






						natalie kaufman
					

					aa in health careers ’20, accepted to umass boston’s accelerated bsn program (spring 2021)
					




				“my current career path has given me the fortunate opportunity to meet some amazing students. it allows me to help students achieve their dream of completing a college education. i am humbled by my experiences and my desire is to continue to provide leadership and guidance to students, faculty and administrators to increase retention and student success.”
			






						lisa carter
					

					dean of students
					




				“researching different schools for a quick job change, rcc was the only place that was affordable, convenient and within proximity. my instructors were amazing teachers who not only taught me what i needed to know, but also helped me get a job on the last day of my internship.”
			






						yadixa lara-mendez
					

					phlebotomy technician program graduate, '15. as in radiologic technology, 2017. current occupation: full-time radiographer
					


 















information for




library
reggie lewis center
workforce development




important links



explore
enroll
afford
learn
succeed
experience





sitemap
accessibility
privacy policy
terms & conditions
careers at rcc
faculty/staff directory


intranet
policies & procedures
affirmative action & eeo policy
gainful employment disclosures
public safety





1234 columbus avenue
roxbury crossing, ma 02120
phone (617) 427-0060
tty/tdd users: mass. relay service or dial 711












© roxbury community college 2024. all rights reserved.
         				



         				apply
         			
         				inquire
         			open widget


















 ©
