



desaware inc. - software licensing and components for visual studio and .net



























 


products    purchase    publishing    articles    support    company    contact   


 


the desaware licensing system





  




seamless integration


  




adaptable security


  




rich feature set


  




prepackaged and custom scenarios


  




new for version 2.0 





 
developers: dial up your perfect licensing scenario

define your user experience:

licensing is one of the first things your customer
            experiences. should their experience be defined by
            our system, or seamlessly integrated into your
            software? it’s up to you.
our web-service based system is easy to 
            integrate into your existing systems, or
            any external crm, ecommerce or
            other software  system.


adjust your security level:

learn how passive  activation can provide 
            excellent 
            security without annoying users – by letting 
            human nature work for you instead of  against you.

            or implement a more traditional 
            activation scheme.

          we let you set your own balance 
          of security vs.  convenience.


customize your feature set:

built-in features like demos, subscription, module licensing 
            and so on are fine.  but if   we’ve learned one thing over the 
            years – you can’t anticipate every need, and trying to 
            do so leads to a system that is overly complex and    
            potentially vulnerable. 
our new extensibility  api allows you to 
            quickly implement the features that you 
            need, without compromising the stability 
            and security of the overall system.


define your scenario :

 whether your licensing needs are   simple, or you have a 
            complex scenario   in mind, our infrastructure can   almost 
            certainly be extended to  handle it. 
implement one of our standard 
            scenarios, or define your own – 
            the desaware  licensing system is 
            a foundation you can rely on.
			find out why we call it 
			total control licensing



choose your favorite version 2 feature :

do you want to define features? modules? unlock modules using passwords? our new metadata system allows you to specify any number of variables of almost any data type (including those you define). 

          do you want to license by machine? 
            user? domain? cheap dongle?
you name it, we'll license it. 

          the version 2.0 extensibility model lets you add features  without touching 
          the core licensing code. 









desaware news
new version 2.0 release of the desaware licensing system with a new robust extensibility model. 
desaware licensing system wins the visual studio magazine merit award  in the security and copy protection category. 











products    purchase    articles    support    company    contact
    copyright© 2012 desaware, inc. all rights reserved.     privacy policy











