



web gripe sites













chronicling web "gripe sites" and other sites confronted with legal action








home page


airline/travel
auto
banking
cellular
home/real estate
insurance
isps
media/tv
politics & govt.
restaurants
retail
schools
social/religion
software/computer
sports
other


cites
establishing a site
resources








"if people had the internet and had launched gripe sites long ago, companies would have built products a lot better ... long ago."
-burge
"internet is giving consumers greater power and companies need to adjust to the new reality."
- eric
goldman

"think of it as a soapbox to the world."....christian 
science monitor






legend for gripe sites



indicates the site was involved in litigation, received cease & desist letter, or was threatened with legal action.



indicates the site was shut down or gripe content has been
        removed.





featured
sites

mitsubishisucks.com  "mitsubishi problems worst compared to toyota, honda, hyundai and even kia!"

reallysucks.net  "where things don't just suck, they
reallysuck!"

ge rexel
 discrimination  "this website chronicles the acts of discrimination and retaliation brought to you by some of your friends at:
ge - rexel- ge's-x-problems". gesupplydiscrimination.com
and sedgwickcms.blogspot.com. 
legal documents: sedgwick claims management services v. delsman

reddiamondteaistoxic  "the lab’s preliminary exam of the sample is that it contains volatile hydrocarbons, like paint thinner or kerosene."
"i am being sued
by red diamond, inc. for trade libel and defamation in an attempt to
intimidate me into taking down this website"

chase-sucks.com  "i’m just a guy that has had it with being treated like shit by chase bank." 
the site includes a forum for others to log their complaints.
jp morgan chase has sent the site a cease and desist alleging trademark
infringement.

asynconhome.info
"our 2007 la costa home in minden, nevada, was built with a variety of serious construction defects, significant code violations and grave deviations from the county-approved building plans by syncon
homes."

multiplasticssucks.com
 "multiplastics will take your money, screw up your project and deliver nothing. 
this site was designed specifically to prevent others from being ripped off like we were from multiplastics."
lowe's-lawsuits
"in august of 2002 i pulled out a brand new 40’ werner extension ladder i purchased at the local carson city lowes home improvement warehouse to use for my business. as the rope was pulled to raise the extension, the rope suddenly snapped allowing the top section of the extension ladder to come crashing down on my right
wrist..."
traton homes sucks
"i was surprised to learn how much traton truly did not care about their customers!"
traton home
documents
powermarkhomessucks.com
this gripe site is critical of ohio home builders mark and lisa powers and
powermark homes.  powermark homes  has filed a lawsuit and multiple digital millennium copyright act
(dmca) claims that have shut down the web site twice.  public citizen has
stepped in to protect the free speech of john doe.  read the court filings:
powermark homes, inc. v. john doe and domains by proxy.  

farmersinsurancegroupsucks.com
"farmers insurance is rated worst. farmers insurance has the most complaints" 
          the site includes articles, lawsuits, and allegations and
ratings. 

devrywatch.com "this site has begun for students to discuss relevant issues related to past, present, and future devry university (and its related educational facilities graduate and/or undergraduate, etc..), activities!

dan stanton - contractor issue
"this blog will detail the issues a homeowner in massachusetts had
with dan stanton of stanton and sons contracting."  their story was
featured on boston.com:
constructive criticism 

camplemonadestand.com
complaints about pulte homes in lenexa, kansas
 bestbuyautosucks.com
after being sold an auto from best buy auto & finance, "i was told the car needed an exhaust system, both front axles, repair of an oil leak possibly caused from a bad cam seal or main seal." 
screw-paypal.com
"i was so angry with paypal and what they did to me, i decided to focus my anger of exposing paypal for what it is: a den of thieves."
choicehomesalert.com
"website relating to the purchase of a new home, drainage, and warranty issues in the fox run subdivision in midlothian, texas. choice homes, inc. has pulled out of fox run." 

kaiserthrive.org
"kaiser permanente: failure to thrive — the truth about the kaiser permanente thrive advertising campaign". 

ekaiserinsurancesucks.com
"managed care watch is a coalition of concerned consumers and professionals
who have come together for the purpose of reforming the hmo and managed care
industry."

badbusinessbureau.com
"better business bureau or buyer better beware?"..."it has been reported to the "badbusinessbureau.com" that, the bbb encourages and solicits money from the very businesses they monitor! how could this be beneficial to the consumer?" 
see also bbb is a scam

complaints
and information about the better business bureau (bbb) "the bbb did not advertise our complaint as unresolved or that it was even filed and as far as we know, they never have, even within the 3 year reporting period. our complaints remain unresolved."..."it
appears that the bbb is violating the consumers with the very practice (mis-leading
advertising) that they claim to help resolve."

consumer claims bbb a total scam
"not surprisingly, we began to receive complaints or inquiries from several other businesses and persons who apparently had experienced similar or abnormal problems in dealing with the bbb that contrasted with their feel-good, chummy, reputation."
see also better business bureau scam

orlandofloridasucks.com
"welcome to the official orlando florida anti-tourism site!"

not-khov.com "i purchased my new
k. hovnanian home on 5/3/2004 and have been "battling" with my builder
ever since.  i find it totally amazing that one of the largest builders in
the country treats its customers in the way that i have experienced over the
past two and a half years.  i have had multiple instances of documented
defective construction, water intrusion and mold growth in my home.  i was
forced to move my family out of my home on two occasions for a total of almost
six months."

lennar-homes.info and defectivehomes.info 
"we have reviewed more than 40 very detailed home
inspections within new home communities built by lennar homes. the
results of these reports indicate there are a variety of issues with roof
installation, roof leaks, stucco thickness, mold issues and electrical problems,
to name a few." lennar files a lawsuit against morgan due to his web site
alleging trademark infringements, defamation and unfair competition claims. tcpalm.com

stopsylviabrowne.com "is she a well-intentioned spiritual leader, with actual psychic powers? is she a fraud, making money by callously manipulating and using the bereaved? or is she something else entirely?"
cease
and desist | response
to c&d

nodaddy.com "the truly
frightening aspect is that this isn't an isolated incident. many people have
posted and emailed similar stories of godaddy hijacking their domains without
any sort of court order or other due process. others have paid extra for the
so-called "domains by proxy" privacy service, only to have godaddy
unmask their identity just because someone made a single legal threat"
story at news.com
 propassiv.com
parody gripe site critical of  proactiv solution acne skin care system.

shandssucks.com "the
website that has been established to tell the world about the bad things that go
on at shands" healthcare. article at jacksonville.com

paulmcmann.com  according to the
site, "this website is dedicated to the truth.  the truth about a man who has turned lives upside down. be afraid.  be very afraid."
press release
| public citizens
motion

hondasucks.ca
"there is no way i can boast about
environmental benefits or phenomenal mileage since my $2000+ catalytic
converters keep failing and my 02 sensors have been stuck in lean burn for god
knows how long without warning, burning excessive amounts of fuel. safety is now
a huge concern,  i find myself constantly wondering when the next random
ima power failure will take place, potentially putting my life in danger."

badamsouth.com badamsouth.com is an anti amsouth website designed for the purpose of exposing the nightmares of doing business with "the relationship people". we provide a forum for people to post their complaints, fraud stories, lawsuits and other dissatisfactions.
c&d with reply

taubmansucks the
movie  watch it for free!
 


a personal 
observation about gripe sites


only after 
you've been sued, or threatened with a lawsuit, for expressing yourself do you 
truly appreciate the precious worth of "free speech."

prior to the advent of the web, most speech could reach only a limited 
audience--family, acquaintances, neighbors. the web has dramatically changed 
that. now, a single voice can reach a potential audience of millions, and those 
who are discussed are painfully aware of it--and may be willing to devote tens 
or hundreds of thousands of dollars in an attempt to silence a voice of 
complaint. 

important precedents have been established in the past few years, with several 
advocacy groups working diligently to preserve free speech rights on the 
internet, of which some would seek to deprive us. the battle is ongoing and 
undoubtedly will continue locally and nationally for years to come.

free speech is a "right" but that doesn't mean somebody else won't challenge it. 
this site was established to promote awareness of consumer issues, free speech 
issues, some of the combatants, and to provide links to online resources.  

so you're thinking about establishing a gripe
site?

observations from somebody who's been there.
also see the resources
 page and cites (court decisions)


about this 
site:


after being sued in federal court for my own gripe site i decided to
revitalize and "maintain"
this site.  my experience taught me the value and benefit of gripe sites to us all, and the 
effort sometimes required to keep them from being shut down. this site will
serve as a directory, of sorts, of gripe sites, and as recognition 
to the many individuals who have often resolutely sought to exercise and defend 
their free speech rights--legal battles involving websites or blogs can become demanding 
and arduous ordeals for website publishers.

if you visit some of the gripe sites we provide links to, please consider taking 
a moment to send the website publisher an e-mail of support--sometimes even one 
such e-mail can lift the spirits of an embattled website publisher. i also 
encourage you to support those organizations such as public citizen, eff, the 
aclu, and other advocates for their efforts in defending and preserving our 
rights.

-webgripesites.com



 



featured
gripe sites




kaiser thrives on ruining lives.

















 

 




contact this sites publisher |  suggest website for inclusion |

link to us
© copyright
2006 webgripesites.com, all rights reserved.

