






sunburst races | benefitting beacon children's hospital in south bend, in




















































 









 











benefitting beacon children’s hospital in south bend, in 









sunburst races 



held in south bend, this annual endurance event raises funds to support beacon children’s hospital. the south bend race was first held in 1984 and we’re proud to continue growing this popular event. 




2025 race day: may 31 






















register 







corporate teams 







volunteer 







faq 











sunburst races directly support beacon children’s hospital 







a burst of hope for our kidswe are celebrating 13 years of supporting beacon’s children’s hospital. when you choose to run or walk with us, you are helping some of the youngest and most vulnerable among us. help us continue this great tradition by running or walking with us on race day or by donating any amount at any time. sunburst race proceeds and donations directly support the child life and creative services program at beacon children’s hospital – providing vital services to children and their families. 







donate now












 








an impact that goes far beyond the finish lineit’s more than just a racewhen you choose to participate in sunburst, you’re choosing to help kids and their families when they need it most. these families and more have discovered that the doctors and care they need are right here in their community at beacon children’s hospital.sunburst is a race that makes a difference all year long. you’re not just registering for you, you’re registering to help our kids. 














 





providing hope for kids like ian







meet ian













 





a young boy with a vast impact: oliver’s inspiring story







meet oliver













 





steven and cole’s story: neurological disorders won’t stop these boys







meet steven and cole
















 









 













 









 









 














 





























south bend race sponsors 



presenting sponsor 




 




platinum sponsor 

















specialty sponsor 

































in kind sponsor 













interested in becoming a sponsor? check out our partnership packet here!































