

  









mntap - minnesota technical assistance program



























































main navigationmain content
university of minnesotahttp://twin-cities.umn.edu/612-625-5000

go to the u of m home page

one stop
myu : for students, faculty, and staff


search


search

submit search query















home
about about mntap
contact & directions
faqs
history
staff


intern program businesses
students
past projects


focus areas air
energy
waste
water


industries brewing & distilling
dry cleaning
ethanol production
fiber reinforced plastics
food processing
healthcare
iron mining
machining & metal fabrication
metal casting
metal finishing
painting & wood finishing
potws
printing
pulp & paper mills
vehicle maintenance


resources aqueous cleaning toolkit
business assistance providers
business award opportunities
greening your business
financial assistance
publications
regulatory resources
tools & calculators
webinars


services customized research
environmental planning
intern program
minnesota materials exchange program
phone assistance
resources & workshops
site visits
team facilitation


 






















strengthening minnesota businesses by improving efficiency while saving money through energy, water, and waste reduction
apply now2025 business intern project proposals!now is the time to discuss your project proposal for the summer 2025 intern program! learn how to start the process and apply now! apply nowapply now2025 student intern applications!applications for the 2025 intern program are now being accepted! students interested in participating in the program may apply now.apply now






2024 solutionsmntap is proud to announce the publication of the 2024 solutions. this annual report highlights the results from our summer internship program.2024 solutionslearn moreaqueous cleaning toolkitfree resources and downloads to learn about the risks associated with cleaning solvents and degreasers. learn about safer alternatives and what it takes to make the switch.aqueous toolkitlearn more2023 impactlooking forward to helping minnesota businesses improve environmental, sustainability and economic performance into the future. see mntap’s 2023 results2023 impactlearn more
airalthough minnesota is a leader in air quality, air pollution is still a concern in our state. reducing voc emissions has positive health impacts for your employees, the general population, and potentially your bottom line.

air quality
selecting alternatives
success stories
resources & tools
projects
wateryour company is still paying twice for water; once for the water provided to your facility and once for the amount of water you are discharging to the local wastewater treatment facility. water conservation measures can reduce the amount of water you use as well as your water costs

water conservation
bod/tss loading
phosphorus loading
projects
resources
regulatory information
wasteoptimizing material use and reducing waste can make your operation more efficient and result in cost savings for purchasing, handling, and disposal. 

reduce
reuse
recycle
organics
projects
energyimplementing energy efficient solutions can benefit your business by reducing costs, reducing the impact on the environment, and helping to ensure that a reliable and secure source of energy is maintained for the future.

energy assessments
compressed air
steam systems
motors
processed heat
lighting
resources
regulatory information










mntap is an outreach program within the university of minnesota school of public health.










minnesota technical assistance program
address: 200 oak st se | suite 350-1 | minneapolis, mn 55455
phone: 612-624-1300 | 800-247-0015
email: mntap@umn.edu

latest tweetsnewsletter
sign up to receive mntap's newsletters and publications!	   

subscribe	

 






© regents of the university of minnesota. all rights reserved.



twitter
facebook
linkedin
youtube
rss



















































