














humboldt redwoods state park |






























skip to main content







 


humboldt redwoods state park












  

  

  

  

  




humboldt redwoods interpretive association
po box 276
weott, ca 95571 






homevisitingada facilitiesdirectionsfeesmaprules and regulationsvisitor centerweathercampingalbee creekburlingtoncuneo creek horse campenvironmental campsgroup campshidden springsreservations and informationtrail campsactivitiesday use areasspecial eventscommercial business permitsfilming commercialsspecial eventsupcoming eventsintepretationcampfire programsjunior ranger programslitter gettersnature walksschool groupsin depthlinksother plantspark historyredwoodssouthern humboldt county area historywildlifesupportbecome a memberdonatevolunteercontactemploymenthumboldt redwoods interpretive associationhumboldt redwoods state parknewslettersweddings









visiting the parks
burlington campground is the only campground currently open, and available by reservation.  make camping reservations at reservecalifornia. the visitor center at humboldt redwoods state park is open 7 days a week from 10:00am to 4:00pm october through april.


humboldt redwoods interpretive association
the humboldt redwoods interpretive association (hria) is a 501(c) non-profit, providing volunteer-run visitor centers at four state parks in humboldt county. we hope that you will stop by to get information about hikes, directions, ecology, history, as well as maps, brochures, books, and souvenirs. we strive to connect visitors and the community to the incredible redwood forest, in hopes of spreading appreciation and a passion for the conservation of the tallest trees in the world.


visitor centers
>
 
humboldt redwoods state park
california's 3rd largest state park, with over 53,000 acres, and the largest old growth contiguous redwood forest in the world! drive along the 32 mile avenue of the giants to explore humboldt redwoods state park, and come by the visitor center between 10:00-4:00 between the towns of weott and myers flat. for more specific information about the parks, call us at (707) 946-2263.
 


richardson grove state park
come explore one of the first redwood parks - with 1,800 acres, campgrounds, trails, and the eel river, theres lots to enjoy! located along highway 101, 200 miles north of san francisco. campground open year round, and visitor center open summers! for more specific information about the parks, call us at (707) 247-3318.

grizzly creek redwoods state park
this state park gem is tucked away on highway 36, nestled in the redwoods and next to the van duzen river. campground and visitor center open mid may through mid september, with junior ranger and campfire programs during the summers! for more specific information about the parks, call us at (707) 777-3683.

sinkyone wilderness state park
explore the beautiful southern portion of the lost coast at sinkyone wilderness state park. see grey whale migrations, sea lions, roosevelt elk, and much much more! no potable water available, and 4-wheel drive recommended during the rainy season (fall through early spring). primitive and spectacular! for more specific information about the parks, call us at (707) 247-3318
camping reservations are strongly recommended. reservations for all california state parks are available only through reserve california at 1-800-444-park (7275)
 





                  welcome to humboldt redwoods state park                







located along the eel river in northern california, humboldt redwoods state park contains some of the world's most majestic ancient redwood groves. the park encompasses over 53,000 acres, including 17,000 acres of old-growth coast redwoods. in 1921 save the redwoods league dedicated the first memorial grove, colonel raynal c. bolling memorial grove, in what is now known as humboldt redwoods state park. today the park contains a diverse coast redwood ecosystem, which includes rockefeller forest, the largest remaining old-growth forest in the world, and the entire bull creek watershed.
with more than 250 camp sites, 100 miles of hiking, biking, and riding trails, and the scenic 32-mile avenue of the giants, humboldt redwoods state park offers something for everyone. whether you have just a single day to visit or a week long vacation to explore, a journey into the redwood forest is sure to be an awe-inspiring experience. the park is open year 'round and recreational activities are available throughout the four seasons.

time lapse trip down the avenue of the giants

video by david wilson, music by jerren wilson
 

 







updates
the humboldt redwoods state park visitor center will be closed on february 24th. we apologize for any inconvenience. 


seasonal bridges
seasonal bridge removal updates:
all seasonal bridges have been removed.


volunteering
we are looking for well-rounded volunteers to join our staff, working as volunteers in the visitor center. please call us at (707) 946-2263 if you are interested.


thank you srl
the humboldt redwoods interpretive association appreciates the support of save the redwoods league and is a proud partner in redwood education efforts. visit their website to find out more about the great work they do!








humboldt redwoods interpretive association  |  p.o. box 276  |  weott, ca 95571  |  (707) 946-2263 

 




