








































home

















pages

homedatasheet searchdatasheets by companycompany directory








login to noah compendium

user name: password: 

forgotten password?







datasheet search




search









please wait a moment while we find what you are looking for…











cookies on our site



open cookies consent drawer















 all
 images


 




 text size  






sections ▼

homedatasheet searchdatasheets by companycompany directory















welcome to the noah compendium
access up-to-date datasheets of authorised veterinary medicines to assist prescribing and support responsible use...







+ advanced search


 










datasheets
use the noah online compendium to access veterinary medicines datasheet information.
search datasheets
noah website
explore our noah.co.uk website for information on animal medicines issues and the latest noah news
the noah website
noah compendium app
free to download from app store and google play
noah compendium app
welcome to the noah compendium of data sheets for animal medicines; our compendium contains datasheets for the majority of veterinary medicines authorised for use in the uk.so who are we?we are noah, the association representing the uk animal health industry: our aim is to promote the benefits of safe, effective, quality products and services for the health and welfare of all animals.the compendium assists prescribers and users of animal medicines in using them responsibly. this is only possible due to the continued support of our participants, noah members and non-noah members alike. a current list of participants can be found at ‘datasheets by company’: these companies all agree to abide by the noah code of practice for the promotion of animal medicines..our noah compendium information is available in several formats, to be as accessible as possible:websiteupdated regularly by participants giving our most up-to-date information, accessible free of charge. you’re already here so why not explore how to search best for what you need.appthe noah compendium app is available, again free of charge, to download from the app store and google play. the content is refreshed regularly and can then be accessed offline on your phone or tablet. new features and improvements to use were introduced in august 2023. to find out more visit noah compendium app.webservice/api feedcompendium information is now also available via a paid for licensed api feed for integration into your own software. for more information on how to access this service please contact noah at noah@noah.co.uk.please noteif you have a technical query regarding a product please contact the manufacturer directly as noah is unable to assist you with any specific product enquiry. manufacturers’ contact details can be found at ‘datasheets by company’ or link from the actual datasheet information.the responsibility for the accuracy of the datasheet information lies with the participating company. noah gives no guarantee whatsoever as to the accuracy of the information contained in the data sheets and accepts no liability whatsoever in respect of any loss, damage or expense arising from any such information nor for any error or omission in the data sheets and in particular shall not be liable for any consequential damages, expenses, loss of profits or any liability to third parties incurred by anyone relying on the information contained in the compendium.a full list of all uk authorised veterinary medicines can be found on the vmd product information database.trainingnoah certificate of animal health (ncah)the noah certificate of animal health (ncah) ensures that noah members’ representatives possess the veterinary and technical knowledge to present information on their company's products accurately and responsibly.find out more...noah animal medicines best practice (ambp) programmethe noah animal medicines best practice (ambp) farmer training programme was developed to raise knowledge and understanding of antimicrobial resistance (amr) and to drive animal medicines best practice on farm. dairy, beef, sheep and pig farmers can complete training with their vet or independently using an online elearning platform. a certificate of training on successful completion of the course can be used as a record for farm assurance assessment. more information can be found here www.noah.co.uk/farmer-training and training can be accessed from lantra here www.elearning.lantra.co.uk.find out more...for more details on noah please visit www.noah.co.uk.

home links

about the compendiumnoah compendium apporder your compendiumlegal categorynoah certificate of animal healthregister of suitably qualified persons (sqps)veterinary poisons information serviceadverse reactionscode of practice for the promotion of animal medicineswithdrawal periodsnew and updated data sheetsbrowse datasheets













connect with us




linkscontact ustermsprivacypowered by librioscontact
noah
tel: +44 (0) 7518 595485

email: noah@noah.co.uk
system development by librios ltd

© national office of animal health 2025











 for this site to function correctly you need to enable javascript in your browser.













