







genbox family history genealogy software











genbox family history 3    








thoughtful creations
products
services
company

genbox
features
tour
sample charts
sample reports
comparisons

press release
reviews
awards

forums
mailing list
newsletter
faq

translators
developers

downloads
free trial
purchase

beta signup
beta area (restricted)

   chart printing services
links







      version 3.7.1
genbox family history offers you all the tools, with all the
      power and flexibility, that you have been wishing for in your genealogy
      software. family tree charts, genealogy research reports, search, media, full
      source citations, and
      much more. genbox puts you in control!
free trial download
download and try out the full version of genbox family history for 30 days for
      free! then purchase a permanent license for only $29.95. get busy with your family
      tree today!


 



latest news

 
january, 2011:
genbox family history a winner of 2010 gensoftreviews users choice awards
gensoftreviews has awarded genbox family history more than 4 stars out of a possible 5, based on user ratings, in its 2010 genealogy software rankings. more details are available at their website.




 
november 17, 2007:
version 3.7.1 released
genbox family history version 3.7.1 is now available on the 
download page. this update is free for all users.
this version includes some minor enhancements and a number of problem
corrections. 

the additional languages pack of incomplete translations, a free
download, has also been updated.

the full list of changes in this release
are described in the release notes.
 to update your copy
to the latest version, click here.

newsletter available
genbox news is a free periodic newsletter with product announcements,
program tips, and other news of interest to users of genbox
family history. to subscribe, visit the newsletter
subscriptions page. to read the current issue,  click
here.

overview: genbox family history
3
genbox family history  is a complete genealogy software program. it will
help you organize your family genealogy research, store your family history data, enter proper source citations,
and produce professional-quality family tree charts and genealogy research reports that you can preview and
modify, then print or publish on the web on your own genealogy website. 
there are ten pages of chart options available for controlling
the five basic chart types: 

ancestor charts
descendant charts
related (hourglass) charts
convergent charts
everyone (all in one) charts 

even more options help you control the sixteen basic genealogy report
types: 

 ancestor narrative report
pedigree report
descendant narrative report
outline
    descendant report
family group report
individual narrative report
calendar report
individuals report
places report
sources report
media report
researchers report
correspondence
    log report
research targets report
projects report
lists report 

for more information on the many features of genbox, click
here.
take the tour
see what using genbox is like with this guided tour of the user interface of
the program. to start your tour of genbox family history, click
here.
sample charts and reports
see what you can produce with genbox family history! charts are graphical in
format. they can be box charts, wall charts, fan charts, and other formats. reports are
html or text documents that you can edit in your own word processor. these can
be genealogy research reports, pedigrees, or complete family histories.

for sample genealogy charts, click here.
for sample genealogy reports, click here.

genbox compared to other products
how do you choose your family tree software? compare the features of genbox with those of legacy, family tree maker,
rootsmagic, and other genealogy software programs, and you will understand what sets genbox apart! for a
genealogy software features comparison chart, click here.

download and try free for 30
days
genbox family history offers a free 30-day trial period. use this time
to try out the program first and find out if this family history software is just as wonderful as you
hoped. the program is  fully functional during the trial period.
after the trial period, the program will go into "read-only" mode.
data entry will be disabled, but all other features will still work. you can view
your data, make family tree charts and genealogy research reports, and export to
gedcom.
 to try out genbox family history, visit the downloads
page.
trial period extension
if 30 days is too short to fully evaluate whether this family history
software meets your needs,
request a free 30-day extension. send an
email to renew@genbox.com.
please include your full name, and any comments you might have.

genbox-l mailing list

join the genbox mailing list on rootsweb to discuss genbox family history with other users. you
can ask questions, suggest new features, and hear about upcoming releases. all
messages are sent to everyone who has joined the list.















genbox







to join: send an email to genbox-l-request@rootsweb.com with
  the word "subscribe" as the subject line. to post: after
you have joined, send your messages to genbox-l@rootsweb.com 
and they will appear on the mailing list. (this posting address is different





 than the joining address.)





"we have found what we consider to be the most versatile
chart creating program in the world. we use genbox commercially to print family
tree charts for customers worldwide and we have not yet found a program to beat
genbox for the variety of charts and chart options that the program is capable
of producing."

ron o'neill, c.e.o
www.genealogyprinters.com
"most genealogy software either produce great graphical charts or offer
useful tools for organizing your family history, but not both. genbox has
quietly emerged as one of those rare genealogy programs that handle both charts
and organization with aplomb."
rick crume,
family tree magazine
"i was extremely impressed with this software and found that it had all
the capabilities that an experienced genealogist would need. it appears to be
easy to learn... it is an excellent value for the price.."
gordon gray,
genealogical computing 
"download this program to see how versatile it is. i think you will find
genbox family history will support all of your database needs, as well as offer
spectacular charts and reports of your data."
david allen lambert,
new england ancestors
"the design of genbox has been influenced by the ngs gentech data
model, and embodies much of the current thought on how a genealogical
database should be structured. it is designed to permit the recording of all
evidence as it is gathered, thus allowing the researcher to track the progression
of a research project from its inception to the final assertion."
bill mumford,
ngs
newsmagazine
"the sheer ocean of information you can enter into genbox family history
is enormous... sourcing your research is paramount in genealogy and genbox
enables you to record this in as much detail as you require... this program is
far superior to many other genealogy efforts we've seen over the years."

pc
basics 'family tree'
"genbox is a
complex, unique and evolving genealogy database program...many of the interface
elements can be customized... the default sentence template for events is shown
and you can preview the sentence and footnote... as expected, a program that
evolved from a charting program has a wealth of graphical charts and an
extensive set of reports."
jim byram,
family chronicle
"i really did
have fun creating all the different types of charts available...genbox is a
full-featured product and a powerful one at that. i believe its strengths come
from the expansive amount of preferences allowable..."

mark lang,

australian
family tree connections

"i found
genbox family history 3.0 to be an excellent genealogy program. it tracks almost
all the data elements that experienced genealogists expect. it is easy to use
and has a wide variety of printed charts and reports, along with web reports and
support for multimedia..."

dick eastman,
eastman online 
genealogy newsletter
"i have been using genbox for some time now and i recommend it without
any reservations whatsoever.


a thoroughly brilliant program, with many facets that i have not seen in any
other program."


phil.warn






© copyright 2010  thoughtful
creations. all rights reserved. last updated .




