

































ucsb english department




















university of california, santa barbara




























skip to main content










in memoriam – glyn salton-cox
the english department is devastated to announce the death over the new year of our colleague glyn salton-cox.  to his family, loved ones, and friends here, in his native britain, and throughout the world, we offer our deepest and most heartfelt condolences.  glyn was a brilliant scholar, a very popular teacher, and the kindest of colleagues.
the department of english invites you to a commemoration of our colleague glyn salton-cox on friday, march 3d, 2023. 
we will gather in the faculty club’s betty elings wells pavilion at 3:00 pm and then move to the terrace at 4:00 pm for a reception. please let us know of any accessibility requests.
2023.02







 


study read teach perform design write
study read teach perform design write study read teach perform design write


 







menu



   
   




about

people 

faculty
graduate students
staff
visiting and lecturer
emeriti/ae
in memoriam
phd alumni 


courses
undergraduate 

for majors
undergraduate resources
contact us
for minors and non-majors
beyond the classroom
faqs

graduate 

academics
admissions
funding & support
job placement
contact us


events
research 

research centers
undergraduate research
graduate research
faculty research
dissertation titles
projects
bookshelf


resources
contact
giving







with 30+ faculty, a dozen research centers and projects, and a culture of collaboration, we continue to invent new ways to do humanities research, creative-critical work, and public-facing projects on a beautiful campus between the pacific ocean and the santa ynez mountains.
 
 more on ucsb english 















faculty bookshelf
see all 















beyond solidaritypragmatism and difference in a globalized world
			           					
			           																													author: giles gunn									
								
													
															
								
								
			           				










the subaltern ulysses
			           					
			           																													author: enda duffy									
								
													
															
								
								
			           				










la pintachicana/o history, culture, and politics
			           					
			           																													author: ben v. olguín									
								
													
															
								
								
			           				










 epistolary bodies: gender and genre in the eighteenth-century republic of letters
			           					
			           																													author: elizabeth heckendorn cook									
								
													
															
								
								
			           				










this bridge called my backwritings by radical women of color
			           					
			           						
																															edited by cherríe moraga and gloria anzaldúa								
							
								
								
			           				










ballads and broadsides in britain, 1500-1800
			           					
			           						
																															edited by patricia fumerton and anita guerrini and kris mcabee								
							
								
								
			           				










the emerson effectindividualism and submission in america
			           					
			           																													author: christopher newfield									
								
													
															
								
								
			           				










 women's suffrage literature vols. 1-6
			           					
			           						
																															edited by sowon s park and  katharine cockin and glenda norquay 								
							
								
								
			           				










 reading the literatures of asian america
			           					
			           						
																															edited by shirley geok-lin lim and amy ling								
							
								
								
			           				










 city, marriage, tournamentarts of rule in late medieval scotland
			           					
			           																													author: l.o. aranye fradenburg									
								
													
															
								
								
			           				










one world of literature
			           					
			           						
																															edited by shirley geok-lin lim and norman spencer								
							
								
								
			           				










local transcendence: essays on postmodern historicism and the database
			           					
			           																													author: alan liu									
								
													
															
								
								
			           				










thinking across the american grainideology, intellect, and the new pragmatism
			           					
			           																													author: giles gunn									
								
													
															
								
								
			           				










two dreamsnew and selected stories
			           					
			           																													author: shirley geok-lin lim									
								
													
															
								
								
			           				










electronic literature collection v2
			           					
			           						
																															edited by rita raley and laura borràs, talan memmott, brian kim stefans								
							
								
								
			           				










the idolatrous eyeiconoclasm and theater in early modern england
			           					
			           																													author: michael o'connell									
								
													
															
								
								
			           				










sex and sexuality in anglo-saxon englandessays in memory of daniel gilmore calder
			           					
			           						
																															edited by carol braun pasternack and lisa m. c. weston								
							
								
								
			           				










inventing william of norwichthomas of monmouth, antisemitism, and literary culture, 1150–1200
			           					
			           																													author: heather blurton									
								
													
															
								
								
			           				










approaches to teaching kingston's the woman warrior
			           					
			           						
																															edited by shirley geok-lin lim								
							
								
								
			           				










in the shadow of the gallowsrace, crime, and american civic identity
			           					
			           																													author: jeannine marie delombard									
								
													
															
								
								
			           				










 waiting in the wingsportrait of a queer motherhood
			           					
			           																													author: cherríe moraga									
								
													
															
								
								
			           				










tactical media
			           					
			           																													author: rita raley									
								
													
															
								
								
			           				










unmaking the public universitythe forty year assault on the middle class
			           					
			           																													author: christopher newfield									
								
													
															
								
								
			           				










the fiction of samuel beckett form and effect
			           					
			           																													author: h. porter abbott									
								
													
															
								
								
			           				










cultural aestheticsrenaissance literature and the practice of social ornament
			           					
			           																													author: patricia fumerton									
								
													
															
								
								
			           				









chinese whispers examines multiple contact zones between the anglophone and sinophone worlds, investigating how poetry both enables and complicates the transpacific production of meaning.
in this new book, the noted critic and best-selling author yunte huang explores the dynamics of poetry and poetics in the age of globalization, particularly questions of translatability, universality, and risk in the transpacific context.
 
chinese whisperstoward a transpacific poetics

			           																													author: yunte huang									
								
													
															
								
							

in inventing william of norwich heather blurton resituates thomas’s account by offering the first full analysis of it as a specifically literary work. the second half of the twelfth century was a time of great literary innovation encompassing an efflorescence of saints’ lives and historiography, as well as the emergence of vernacular romance…she examines the life and miracles within the framework of these new textual developments and alongside innovations in liturgical and devotional practices to argue that the origin of the ritual murder accusation is imbricated as much in literary culture as it is in the realities of christian-jewish relations or the emergence of racially based discourses of antisemitism.
 
inventing william of norwichthomas of monmouth, antisemitism, and literary culture, 1150–1200

			           																													author: heather blurton									
								
													
															
								
							

in the virus touch bishnupriya ghosh argues that media are central to understanding emergent relations between viruses, humans, and nonhuman life. writing in the shadow of the hiv/aids and covid-19 global pandemics, ghosh theorizes “epidemic media” to show how epidemics are mediated in images, numbers, and movements through the processes of reading test results and tracking infection and mortality rates
 
the virus touchtheorizing epidemic media

			           																													author: bishnupriya ghosh									
								
													
															
								
							

the critics and the prioress responds to a critical stalemate between the demands of ethics and the entailments of methodology. the book addresses key moments in criticism of the prioress’s tale—particularly those that stage an encounter between historicism and ethics—in order to interrogate these critical impasses while suggesting new modes for future encounters. it is an effort to identify, engage, and reframe some significant—and perennially repeated—arguments staked out in this criticism, such as the roles of gender, aesthetics, source studies, and the appropriate relationship between ethics and historicism.
 
the critics and the prioressantisemitism, criticism, and chaucer's prioress's tale

			           																													author: heather blurton									
								
													
															
								
							




the inscriptive . . . takes shape within the context of a heightened awareness of the intensified generation and circulation of language across media environments by human and nonhuman agents alike…



 
inscriptive studiestoward a field articulation

			           						
																															edited by rita raley and paul benzon								
							
								
							







emergencevol. x, flow into form
fall 2023 - spring 2024								duration: 9 months
this edition of emergence features creative and critical projects by the 2023-2024 cohort of arnhold undergraduate research fellows in uc santa barbara’s department of english. the arnhold program allows english majors to explore their intellectual ... 

research project
see all 









research centers


 

the global latinidades center




 

las maestras center




 

transcriptions center




 

medieval literatures




 

literature and mind







literature and the environment




 

hemispheric south/s




 

early modern center







center on modern culture, materialism, and aesthetics




 

american cultures and global contexts center








recent & upcoming courses

engl 104lc

literature, culture, and society: the 20th and 21st century
instructor:
								
																										
																				boscagli, maurizia


quarter: winter 2025 

engl 10 

introduction to literary study
instructor:
								
																										
																				reeve, daniel


quarter: summer a 2024 







what we're reading



 







 







 







 







 







 







 







 







 







 







 















the university of california, santa barbara is situated on unceded chumash land and waters. read our full land acknowledgement.





department of english
university of california, santa barbara
santa barbara, ca 93106-3170




contact
t 805-893-7488
f 805-893-7492
info@english.ucsb.edu




main office hours [pst]
monday through friday
9am-12pm and 1-4pm
south hall, room 3431
campus maps




faculty offices and centers
south hall, 2nd floor





copyright © 2025 the regents of the university of california. all rights reserved.
terms accessibility












