


sign babies - sign babies asl flash cards























		sign babies asl flash cards
		
	














	email us














								sign babies home
							
























stop tantrums   start conversations

                      ever wonder what your baby is thinking or what she  is interested in?  want to ask her what she likes to eat?  want to know  if that cry is because he is hungry, needs a diaper change, or is hurt?  want to stop that tantrum?                       using sign  language, you can take advantage of your baby’s natural abilities to  communicate sooner and reduce the stress for the whole family! the level  of frustration that children feel diminishes significantly when a child  can tell you what she wants. tantrums are often caused by a toddler’s  inability to communicate needs or wants. using sign language, you can  communicate with your baby as early as 6 months and reduce the number of  tantrums you encounter.  and fewer tantrums mean a better relationship!                        signing with your baby is easy and natural. start  between 6 and 9 months when your baby is starts interacting. if your  baby is older, start now. it is never too early or too late to start. if  you start earlier, you just might need to wait longer for results. if  you start later, it helps with the frustration that occurs from 16-30  months due to inability to communicate.   even after babies begin to speak, signing helps to bond the family.      

how to get started 

here is how to get started:  start with 3-5 signs for things you do frequently.  the most common signs to start with are milk, more, and eat. sign babies asl flash cards are a wonderful way to learn how to sign make these signs. use  the signs every time you discuss the topic. for example, when you   nurse or give your baby a bottle, say “do you want some milk?” and sign   milk. then, dialog about the milk and make the sign as your baby eats:   “we’re having milk. milk is so good!”as your child learns the  signs and begins to sign back, start adding  other signs like apple and  banana. continue to use the signs you already  use as you add new ones.be  patient.  it takes babies time to learn to sign, but they can recognize  the signs long before they can make them.  for example, babies will  often show their anticipation when you sign milk by grunting or panting.learn  more about signing with infants by reading a book, going to web sites,  watching a video, or taking a class. you can learn more signs as your  baby needs them and learn fun ways to share your communication through  songs, books, rhymes, and other activities. no matter what you                            do, make it fun! enjoy the   deep sense of connection you feel when you  begin to have two-way   conversations. 

benefits of signing with your hearing baby

  signing      allows your infant to clearly communicate specific thoughts.signing      reduces frustration for your baby and you!signing      gives you a window into your child’s mind and personality.signing won’t delay verbal language development      – in fact, research shows that babies who sign often talk sooner and      develop larger vocabularies.signing      reinforces verbal language by adding visual and kinesthetic emphasis to      auditory input.signing      children tend to be more interested in books. 

purchasing sign babies asl flash cards

we are working to get our website back up after a fatal issue on the server so that you can purchase sign babies asl flash cards.  please email us if you can't wait. or, go to amazon.com and order there.  








site powered by weebly. managed by bluehost





		
sign babies copyright 2003-2013
	

