
















home page - wildlife rescue association of bc





































 














































report a wildlife emergency


emergency














who we are

vision, mission and values
history
board of directors
annual report


what we do

wildlife hospital
support centre
fur and feathers adoptions
rescue, transport, and release
education and outreach
our impact 2023


get involved

donate
volunteering
job opportunities
become a member
partnerships


wildlife updates

education
what’s new
wildlife stories
newsletters


contact us

found an animal
resources
media










give to wildlife


give





















choose wildlife this winter - your support makes a difference 

as winter sets in, wildlife faces severe challenges – from dwindling food supplies and freezing temperatures to ice-covered water sources. your generous gift can help provide critical care for these vulnerable animals, offering them the resources they need to survive and recover. with your help, injured wildlife can return to the wild. 
give now









get wildlife updates


found an animal?


learn about wildlife












cost per patient
$465




since 2020, the costs of rehabilitating injured and orphaned wild animals have significantly increased due to inflation. despite these rising expenses, we continue to provide rehabilitation services free of charge.
please join wildlife updates below to stay informed about wildlife.

learn more about us







 





healing heartbreak with wildlife rescue
 if you want some help getting over a someone who caused you heartbreak, why not name an insect after them, then watch that symbolic representation of your ex get fed to a hungry animal?⁠ a mealworm or a cricket, the choice is all yours!name your insect >










help! i found injured wildlife!
find out what to do with an injured animal or find answers to other questions or issues with wildlife.
learn more >










support wildlife and win a whistler getaway!
join the exciting new prize raffle today for the chance to win a $3000 voucher for a stay at the four seasons resort and residences whistler and a $150 gift certificate for their renowned braidwood tavern restaurant. every ticket purchased goes towards helping precious wildlife.
get raffle tickets now >


















    					













								wildlife rescue association of british columbia
					   			5216 glencarin drive, burnaby, bc v5b 3c1


					the wildlife rescue association of bc is located on the ancestral and unceded homelands of the hən̓q̓əmin̓əm̓ and sḵwx̱wú7mesh speaking peoples. we are grateful for the opportunity to be on this beautiful shared territory. 
				
registered charity #131373490rr0001			
						© copyright 2025 wra wildlife rescue association of british columbia. all rights reserved.
privacy policy






















