

welcome to gahanna cyclone gymnastics


























 

















 





coaches wanted:
                cyclone is seeking qualified, energetic coaches to join our family.  class and team coaches needed. if you have a love for children and are looking for a great atmosphere to work in, then cyclone gymnastics is for you. please contact us email.




need 
                    to hone 
                    a specific skill? our expert private instructors can help!
 














parties are not being booked at this time.
celebrate 
                      your next birthday 
                      with us. we provide the music and activities - you have all 
                      the fun! a truly memorable party for very affordable rates!








what does cyclone offer?
 cyclone offers both recreational and competitive 
                              programs designed to help children learn to set and 
                              achieve goals, learn progressive skills and learn 
                            discipline in a safe, fun environment.
            gymnasts learn creativity, flexibility, strength, 
              grace, and coordination, while gaining confidence 
              and positive self-esteem, self motivation, dedication, 
              determination, work ethic, time management, team work, 
              team spirit, leadership, sportsmanship, respect for 
              others, poise, and grace.
our goal is for each student to learn at his or her 
              own pace striving for a personal best, not only in 
              gymnastics, but also in life.
we have a 13,125 sq. ft., state-of-the-art facility 
              and pride ourselves on small class sizes which maximize 
              instruction time.
 
 









join the fun... join the excitement!
                        cyclone gymnastics offers professional instruction
                        and classes for preschool, boys and
girls gymnastics, tumbling, cheerleading and
competitive 
                          teams. register 
                            today!






 
cyclone gymnastics 
 

established in 1991, cyclone gymnastics offers a wide variety of classes designed to promote and foster the development and growth of children through the sport of gymnastics, inspiring them towards becoming heatlhy responsible adults.
visit our classes page for more information and to register
parent & tot (1  1/2 to 3 years):  this parent  participation program is an engaging fun introductory experience to the sport  of gymnastics.  children are assisted by  parents as they learn the basics of rolling, climbing and jumping while  developing their social skills.
preschool (3-6  years old):  in our whirlwinds (3/4) and  hurricanes (5/6) classes children are participating independently to learn the  fundamentals of gymnastics and enhance the motor skills necessary for early  childhood development.  
girls classes (6  and over):  program includes classes for beginners  through advanced levels concentrating on all olympic events (vault, bars, beam  and floor) as well as trampoline, strength and flexibility training.    
boys classes (6  and over):  program includes classes for  beginners through advanced levels learning all olympic events (floor, pommel  horse, rings, vault, parallel bars and high bar) as well as trampoline,  strength and flexibility training.  
tumbling classes (8  and over):  for students wishing to learn tumbling skills  with a strong emphasis on back handsprings.  
competitive teams:  focus on developing the gymnastics skills  essential for effective competition for both boys and girls.  through an integrated program, gymnasts will  be taught the skills necessary for all levels of competition.
 









open gym: no open gym at this time. ages 6 & over. unenrolled students must have signed release. click for release. 
gift certificates available! call to purchase.
enroll for classes online anytime. 
realtime schedule 
unlimited make-ups! 
manage your classes, payments and more by using our customer portal under the classes tab. once you have registered online for classes, the customer portal is your one-stop shop. 
enrollment is continuous and fees are easily managed on a monthly basis.
cyclone 
  gymnastics offers professional instruction. all 
  cyclone instructors are qualified with a broad gymnastics and cheerleading 
  background.

disounts available:
multiple classes for 1 student receive 20% off, multiple students per family receive 10% off lowest tuition and 1/2 off registration fee.
 

 









 


 








 
cleaning services provided by la cenicienta cleaning















6800 
                    commerce court drive | blacklick, oh 43004-9297
                    (614) 863-4616 email:  cyclonegymnastics@hotmail.com


© 
                    2005 gahanna cyclone gymnastics
                    all rights reserved. site design by my 
                    2 geeks.










