



























natureserve | unlocking the power of science to guide biodiversity conservation


















































































      skip to main content
    












 

  



who we are  

who's who at natureserve
the natureserve network
network directory
financials
natureserve canada
around the globe


our work  



scopes of work
classifying biodiversity mapping biodiversity assessing biodiversity status and threats tools for understanding impacts to biodiversity

featured projects
biodiversity in focus: u.s. edition map of biodiversity importance publications our impact



access data  

natureserve explorer
natureserve explorer pro
custom data requests
why natureserve data?


get involved  

the biodiversity crisis
celebrating 50 years
make a gift
adopt a species
monthly giving
ways to give



​

  
adopt















search


search














protect your backyard’s biodiversity with a gift today.
donate now



bohemian waxwings (bombycilla garrulus). natureserve global status: secure. video by lisa hupp, u.s. fish & wildlife service.























heller's blazingstar (liatris helleri). natureserve global status: imperiled (g2). photo by gary peeples, usfws.
our data




redback salamander (plethodon cinereus). natureserve global status: secure (g5). photo by ben lowe.
our mission



 photo by nicolas raymond.  
our impact




latest from natureserve











american bison (bison bison). natureserve global status: apparently secure (g4). photo by john carr (usfws).

ways to give

plan to make an impact this year
if you’re setting goals for 2025, and one of them is to make a difference, consider starting a monthly gift. with your reliable support, we can plan ahead and give conservationists at every level the resources they need to respond swiftly to emerging threats. you could be the steady force that allows biodiversity to not just survive but thrive this year.

start monthly gift











redwoods (sequoia sempervirens). natureserve global status: apparently secure (g4).

dive deeper

what is the biodiversity crisis?
the diversity of life on earth is under threat. learn what the biodiversity crisis means, why it matters, what biodiversity is found near you, and how to help through short video messages from our scientists, interactive charts and maps, and resources for diving deeper.

get started











bobcat (lynx rufus). natureserve global status: secure (g5). photo by larry master (masterimages.org). all rights reserved.

ways to give

adopt-a-species...and now ecosystems too!
the people have spoken. supporters who adopted a species within the last year voted on which species would be added this year, and the winners are snowy owls and bobcats! additionally, we added two ecosystems for the first time ever, california vernal pools and northern tallgrass prairies. all four are available now to adopt for a $25 minumum donation.

adopt a species











western joshua tree (yucca brevifolia). natureserve global status: vulnerable (g3). photo by sundry photography.

storymap

biodiversity in focus: u.s. edition
an analysis by natureserve addresses five essential questions about biodiversity—the variety of life on earth—that need to be answered if we are going to effectively conserve nature. we are now happy to share a more web-friendly format of our report, biodiversity in focus: united states edition. explore interactive maps from the report and meet some of the rarest species in our nation!

explore report











blue-spotted salamander (ambystoma laterale). natureserve global status: secure (g5).photo by adam cushen (inaturalist.org).

get involved

celebrate 50 years with us
for half a century, natureserve has partnered with incredible supporters like you to prevent extinctions and secure a healthy future through innovative biodiversity conservation practices. in celebration of natureserve's 50th anniversary, join us as we galvanize support for threatened plants, animals, and ecosystems that, without our protection, could disappear forever and threaten the rich biodiversity on our planet.

give today


































news




monarch migration and the paradox of land stewardship








                a new study reveals that despite vast holdings of federal lands in the western united states, the majority of migratory habitat for western monarchs lies on private lands, highlighting the need for a collaborative conservation approach.
				

















news




enhancing multistate wildlife conservation: key findings and future direction








                a groundbreaking new study provides a comprehensive, review of species of greatest conservation need as designated in the last round of state wildlife action plans (swaps), and offers actionable recommendations for enhancing these efforts in the next swap revisions due to be completed over the next couple of years.
				

















publication




insect pollinators: the time is now for identifying species of greatest conservation need








                this study highlights the critical need to include more pollinating insects in state wildlife action plans (swaps), which serve as blueprints for conserving our nation's fish and wildlife and preventing endangered species.
				

















news




natureserve launches conservation data portal for the western u.s.








                natureserve is proud to announce the launch of its western conservation data portal, an innovative resource designed to support the prioritization of conservation resources across the vast and ecologically rich american west.
				






















search natureserve’s authoritative conservation database of comprehensive information on more than 100,000 plants, animals, and ecosystems.





explorer search


search









support us today
the connection between biodiversity and public health is more apparent than ever. reflecting on the countless benefits that healthy ecosystems and rich biodiversity provide us, take action today to protect their future.


sustaining gifts
by making an automatic gift each month, our sustaining donors ensure that natureserve is consistently growing its far-reaching efforts to preserve biodiversity—every day of the year.
learn more








adopt-a-species
now you can become a biodiversity champion and adopt a native plant or animal. in addition to being recognized on your chosen species' page on natureserve explorer, you will be supporting the expert staff at natureserve who ensure that critical data on the taxonomy, distribution, and conservation status of species and ecosystems are accurate and available to conservation decision-makers.
learn more









heritage circle
when you include natureserve in your estate plans, you play a key role in ensuring that the plants, animals, and places you care about will be enjoyed by future generations. as part of our heritage circle, your investment in natureserve is an investment in the future of biodiversity.
learn more










credits: oak - beech / heath forest. photo by sam sheline, natureserve.
chocolate lily (fritillaria biflora). natureserve global status: vulnerable (g3). photo by m.e. sanseverino.
great blue heron (ardea herodias). natureserve global status: secure (g5). photo by diana robinson.







natureserve is a nonprofit, tax-exempt charitable organization under section 501(c)(3) of the internal revenue code. donations are tax-deductible as allowed by law.




















 











follow
              
2550 south clark street, suite 930a
arlington, va 22202
703-908-1800
 


sign up for our newsletter








 
 














connect

news releases
in the news
events
contact us
newsletter
careers
login
board access site




explore

natureserve network
network directory
natureserve canada
global impact




give

adopt-a-species
donate now
planned giving








natureserve is a nonprofit, tax-exempt charitable organization under section 501(c)(3) of the internal revenue code. donations are tax-deductible as allowed by law. our ein #: 52-188-4438




  

 

 






terms of use | privacy























































