





isge – the international society for gynecologic endoscopy













































































































































 







skip to content



 


search for:








account logincart 


search for:








languageisgehistoryboard membersboard teacherschair of the committeesboard nursesconstitutionaffiliated societiescollaborating societiessponsorsgdprevent media consentterms and conditionscookie policynewsnews & blogisge opusevent reportswebinar reportsnewsflash subscriptionthe trocarintroductionjournal editionspublishing instructionsethical responsibilityeditorial boardeventscongressescourses & workshopswebinars & recorded sessionsother congressespast eventse-learningisge accreditationcourse programslibraryarticle libraryeducational platformthetrocar.tvtraining centersnursesguidelinesphoto’s & videosyesobjectiveshisham arab prizehow to become a yes memberyes articles & videosisge yes accreditationmembersbenefitsmembership levels comparisonmembershipcontactcontact informationaffiliationsupport usbecome a sponsorfaq
 


 





save the date for our upcoming events & annual meeting 
							isge global events
 
							

37th isge annual meeting in conjunctionwith 28th agota national congressmay 21-24, 2025, zanzibar 
							isge nurse course, antwerpfrom march 20-21, 2025, belgium 
							 



open access journal 
							publish article 
							open access online journal 
							original research articles 
							review articles 
							case reports 
							new operative techniques 
							endoscopic education lessons to be published on the syllabus 
							expert opinions 
							letters to the editor 
							clinical and experimantal surgery 
							 



https://isge-japan.jimdosite.com/ 
							visit isge - japan 
							 


a multichannel video library, powered by isge-members 
							show video's 
							the trocar.tv 
							



 


join us, become an isge-member 
							seize the opportunity to enjoy a constant interaction with surgeons
with the best scientific knowledge in several gynaecological specialities
gain free access to 3 scientific websites and journals
receive substantial reduction on registration fees for scientific congresses 
							learn more 
							join now 
							 


all new 5 year isge-devco-membership 
							the international society of gynaecology and endoscopy now offers a 5 year membership for residents in developing countries. 
we offer you this membership for $250 instead of $300. join the isge today! 
							join now 
							 











isgehendrik mondelaers2024-08-07t11:44:58+02:00 
isge credo mission statement
isge believes that our first responsibility is to patients, doctors and nurses subject to the trainings, techniques and products isge stands for.

in meetings it is necessary for everything isge teaches to be of the highest standards.

isge must strive to reduce the costs of treatments for the patients to the maximum attainable by introducing minimal invasive techniques.

the questions of isge’s patients and members must be addressed promptly and accurately.

at isge we are responsible to our members and their patients throughout the world. members and patients must feel free to make suggestions and complaints.

isge is responsible to the communities where it teaches and demonstrates and to the world community as well.

it is the duty of isge to encourage better implementation and education in the field of minimal invasive gynecologic surgery.

isge’s final responsibility is to its stakeholders, members, supporters and supporting entities.

isge is bound to experiment with new ideas by research and innovative programing.

isge has to create reserves to provide for difficult adverse times to be able to operate according to these principles.
dear isge colleagues,
it is with tremendous pride to welcome you to isge!
as a non-profit association, isge dedicates itself to keep updating and sharing information with all likeminded professionals around the globe, the basic, advance even the newest knowledge on gynaecologic endoscopy as well promoting the vaginal surgery.
the rapid progress of the isge accreditation, through the intensive skill training weeks, the webinars, the workshops, the scientific meetings and the congresses has shown the core existence of isge itself. over the past year, there has been a lot of exchange of knowledge and clinical experience in the form of cme’s, seminars, conferences, and workshops across the different countries and the globe. details of the same are there on the isge’s website https://www.isge.org/activities and so i will avoid repetition of the same. continue reading
×welcome to the isge
dear isge colleagues,
it is with tremendous pride to welcome you to isge!
as a non-profit association, isge dedicates itself to keep updating and sharing information with all likeminded professionals around the globe, the basic, advance even the newest knowledge on gynaecologic endoscopy as well promoting the vaginal surgery.
the rapid progress of the isge accreditation, through the intensive skill training weeks, the webinars, the workshops, the scientific meetings and the congresses has shown the core existence of isge itself.  over the past year, there has been a lot of exchange of knowledge and clinical experience in the form of cme’s, seminars, conferences, and workshops across the different countries and the globe. details of the same are there on the isge’s website https://www.isge.org/activities and so i will avoid repetition of the same.
i am sure that a lot of you are wondering what to expect from isge newest experience. but i assure you that our journey will be filled with opportunities for challenges, learning, and growth. you will expand your worldview through our service to the community and together will do great things in laparoscopy – endoscopy and minimal invasive surgery.
this year 2023 our association did suffer an enormously loss by the passing of a dear friend professor peter j. maher. he was one of isge former presidents. professor maher was a dynamic and inspiring person. he had set himself high goals for the betterment and progress of isge during his tenure as isge president and exco member. let’s us remember him always deep in our hearts by continuing his legacy to let our association flourish.
furthermore, isge has made several collaborations for the accreditation in particular with some of our distinguished affiliated societies, in order to bring equality of skill in laparoscopy-endoscopy surgery among the members.  to upgrade its service, isge is open for ideas, suggestions, comments, improvement, or criticism, to any of our exco – board members who will convey your thoughts.
appreciation to all isge members for their trusty continuing participation and enthusiasm, also the sponsors for the incredible support in accompanying the journey with isge.
thank you all for giving me this opportunity to serve you all as president,
best wishes
eddy hartono
close
eddy hartono
isge president
the international society for gynecological endoscopy
isge upcoming eventsthe isge organizes events, congresses and workshops worldwide on a regular basis.
have a look at the upcoming events. isge members benefit from reduced registration fees and guaranteed availability.
show all eventshendrik mondelaers2025-02-01t12:06:55+01:00isge nurse course – antwerp, belgiummarch 20-21, 2025 - antwerp, belgiumhendrik mondelaers2025-02-13t15:27:54+01:00isge advanced course in diagnosis and treatment of endometriosisjune 23-25, 2025hendrik mondelaers2025-02-05t14:56:43+01:0037th isge annual meeting in conjunction with 28th agota national congressfrom may 21-24, 2025, zanzibar - tanzaniahendrik mondelaers2025-01-29t11:35:43+01:00isge nurse course, kent – ukseptember 11-12, 2025isge news, articles and morethe international society for gynecologic endoscopy is known for its continuing organization of events and courses. we like to keep you informed. read our recent news, yes-activities, articles and reports of past events…
show all newshendrik mondelaers2024-12-19t14:10:40+01:00an unusual case of bowel incarceration following uterine perforationdoi: 10.36205/trocar5.2024024hendrik mondelaers2024-12-19t14:12:52+01:00applications of lasers in gynecology- a comprehensive reviewdoi: 10.36205/trocar5.2024023hendrik mondelaers2024-12-19t14:22:42+01:00deep endometriosis with intestinal involvementdoi: 10.36205/trocar5. vid24007hendrik mondelaers2024-12-19t14:23:48+01:00reduction of post surgical pain and additional pain medication with superior hypogastric nerve modulation in minimally invasive hysterectomiesdoi: 10.36205/trocar5.2024020isge exco members and board worldwidethe international society for gynecologic endoscopy was formed in 1989 by a group committed endoscopists from europe and north america, who were soon joined by others from all over the world. find out who they are…
show entire board



 
 
show membership levelsbecome a valued isge-memberhi there, seems you're new to the isge or you just haven't logged in yet. as a member you have access to extra content and videos, not to mention the discount when registering for an event. if you are already a member, you can login at any time; just click the profile-button at the top of the page or go to the login-page.show membership levels
the international society for gynecologic endoscopy was formed in 1988. we fulfill the need for a scientific group who meets at regular intervals to share their knowledge and expertise in gynecologic endoscopy. the isge-website was formed by tamer seckin, md in 2004.
legalterms & conditionsprivacy policycookie policyisge constitutionresourcesthe trocar open access journale-learning platformarticle & video libraryisge membership© copyright  the international society for gynecologic endoscopy (isge) | all righs reserved | this information is provided for educational purposes only. please read the conditions | do not reproduce without permission of the isge


 
 
page load link

isge loginuse the login and password you've created during registration. you can always reset your password by following the 'lost password'-procedure. after logging in, you will remain on this page.username or emailpasswordlog inlost password?register
select language简体中文繁體中文englishfrançaisdeutschitaliano日本語español
isgehistoryboard membersboard teacherschair of the committeesboard nursesconstitutionaffiliated societiescollaborating societiessponsorsgdprevent media consentterms and conditionscookie policynewsnews & blogisge opusevent reportswebinar reportsnewsflash subscriptionthe trocarintroductionjournal editionspublishing instructionsethical responsibilityeditorial boardeventscongressescourses & workshopswebinars & recorded sessionsother congressespast eventse-learningisge accreditationcourse programslibraryarticle libraryeducational platformthetrocar.tvtraining centersnursesguidelinesphoto’s & videosyesobjectiveshisham arab prizehow to become a yes memberyes articles & videosisge yes accreditationmembersbenefitsmembership levels comparisonmembershipcontactcontact informationaffiliationsupport usbecome a sponsorfaq



 


this website uses cookies and third party services to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. if you continue to use this site, we will assume that you are happy with it. cookie policy.
					

			ok		





























































































































 


go to top




