


















optimal thinking: optimize business | executive development























































 











 (424) 204-6133
  
get started
 
my cart
 
my account
 
login
 








search





menu







close
home
store
about

overview
who we are, what we do
rosalene glickman
our team


optimal thinking

overview
what is optimal thinking?
optimal thinkers
blog


coaching

overview
executive coaching
career coaching
life coaching


writing services

overview
government rfp bids
private business proposals
business plans
writing team


seminars, workshops & webinars

overview
custom training programs
public seminars & webinars


business optimization

overview
assessments
employee motivation
case studies


personal optimization
















optimal thinking
best  practices. best solutions. best value.
welcome to the global hub for optimal thinking.  optimal thinking empowers individuals and organizations to be their best. 

as inflation, labor shortages, and political uncertainty impact the globe, optimism (hoping for the best) is the wrong strategy.
even so, millions of optimal thinkers bring the best version of themselves to their careers. they make the best decisions and enjoy fulfilling relationships.
optimized organizations attract and retain the best employees. they grow the fastest and achieve the highest market valuations.
feel free to achieve the greatest return on your resources with our optimization resources.

want to rate your thinking and performance?
interested in top-rated executive coaching to maximize your business success?
need a winning business proposal?
ready to create your optimal business plan?

 learn more

optimal thinking
best  practices. best solutions. best value.

welcome to the global hub for optimal thinking.
optimal thinking empowers individuals and organizations to be their best.
as inflation and polarization impact the globe, optimism (hoping for the best) is the wrong strategy.
regardless, millions of optimal thinkers bring the best version of themselves to their career and life every day. they make the best decisions and enjoy fulfilling relationships.
optimized organizations attract and retain the best employees. they grow the fastest and achieve the highest market valuations.
feel free to maximize your options with our optimal resources.
    want to rate your thinking and performance?
    interested in top-rated executive coaching to maximize your business success?
    need a winning business proposal?
    ready to create your optimal business plan?
 learn more


 


is your thinking in your best interest?





rate your thinking
individual, corporate, associate 
receive your report immediately online.
get started







 optimal thinking articles


achieve your new year resolutions
many people feel disappointed when they fail to accomplish their new year resolutions. when we don’t believe that we can have the best in life, we indulge in instant gratification, set unrealistic goals, and make choices that sabotage our best intentions.
read more  8 comments



how to win federal government contracts
in 2023, federal government agencies spent around $6.1 trillion on goods and services. however the process of finding, bidding, and winning federal government contracts is complicated and competitive.  established businesses compete for these contracts using these guidelines…
read more  4 comments



how to win sled government contracts
winning state, local and education (sled) government contracts can provide predictable income and catapult revenue. sled agencies spend around $1.5 trillion on goods and services each year. state governments alone spend billions of dollars on goods and services. established businesses compete for these contracts using these strategies…
read more  5 comments



executive coaching for bad boss behaviors
unfortunately, many struggling bosses do not seek the help they need. it’s hard to face shortcomings even for the best of us. are you concerned about counterproductive behaviors? have employees, peers or superiors made telling remarks? 
read more  31 comments



business development plan to optimize expansion
business plans are recognized decision-making tools which contain a formal statement of goals, an action plan and a road map to success.  a business development plan is necessary to move key initiatives from strategy to performance.
read more  18 comments



quiz: are you coachable?
most people are coachable, but not everyone is coachable at a particular time.  some people want breakthroughs, but they may not be ready to modify their beliefs, actions and habits. want to know where you stand?
read more  22 comments






achieve your new year resolutions
many people feel disappointed when they fail to accomplish their new year resolutions. when we don’t believe that we can have the best in life, we indulge in instant gratification, set unrealistic goals, and make choices that sabotage our best intentions.
read more  
8 comments





how to win federal government contracts
in 2023, federal government agencies spent around $6.1 trillion on goods and services. however the process of finding, bidding, and winning federal government contracts is complicated and competitive.  established businesses compete for these contracts using these guidelines…
read more  
4 comments





how to win sled government contracts
winning state, local and education (sled) government contracts can provide predictable income and catapult revenue. sled agencies spend around $1.5 trillion on goods and services each year. state governments alone spend billions of dollars on goods and services. established businesses compete for these contracts using these strategies…
read more  
5 comments








    bottom        

        
receive free newsletter











join over 600,000 subscribers and receive our complimentary optimal thinking for tough times road map. 

name*email*


 











δ





optimal thinking executive coaching





top-rated
one on one coaching 
faced with tough choices in your hybrid or onsite workplace? ready to optimize your leadership and performance?
optimal thinking executive coaching averages 11.98 x roi for every dollar invested.


more info


 


take 8 minutes to rate your thinking





is your thinking in your best interest?
 
individual, corporate, associate
receive your report immediately online.
get 360 feedback!


get started


      

        				
bottom            
 
we have used mckinsey, boston consulting group and bain to produce our business plans.  this senior executive team creates   superior quality business plans for a much lower fee.  a no-brainer choice.
john m.
ceo, fortune 1000 company
when we need to win a government rfp, this team gets it done.  they have responded to 13 rfps for us and won all of them. what a find. 
alan s.
ceo, healthcare corporation
optimal thinking has a little bit for everyone and will help people be the best self they can be.
kenneth blanchard, author,
the one minute manager
it's great to see you helping people to reach their full potential!
tom hopkins, author.
how to master the art of selling
to fast create an optimal life, lifestyle and future, read, digest and use optimal thinking.
mark victor hansen
#1 new york times best selling series, chicken soup for the soul®.
the optimal thinking audio program shows you how to make personal and professional optimization a habit. this program is suitable for everyone and should be mandatory for employees.
brent harrison,  los angeles

i've seen some of the best, but no-one as interesting, effective and inspirational as was dr. rosalene glickman. i have a b.s. degree from the university of southern california but i feel i learned more of value from dr. glickman.
harlan dryden
entrepreneur, california.
thank you for your spectacular presentation. your delivery of "optimal thinking" was succinct, and you were extremely entertaining and interesting to listen to. optimal thinking is exactly what business owners need - empowerment to be our best to succeed.
charmaine wilkerson, program chair,
national association of women business owners, los angeles
your insights and anecdotes offered real inspiration for all our managers, and feedback following the event has been extremely positive... you are a tremendous speaker and we feel privileged that you took the time to present here.
alison buzza, events coordinator,
australian institute of management – qld & nt, australia
this powerful, practical, most inspiring book gives you the ideas and tools you need to become an optimally productive and powerful person - in every area of your life.
brian tracy
author, psychology of achievement.
optimal thinking is a wonderful book filled with practical ideas and strategies that assist people to lead a more satisfying, successful life. the reader will identify with many informative case examples. this book will be read and re-read to achieve an "optimal" lifestyle.
robert brooks, ph.d.
faculty, harvard medical school and co-author of "the power of resilience."
what does it take to become australia's most successful woman? glickman was awarded her title for her ability to motivate american business people.
business review weekly

everything was wonderful and eye opening.
paula castro,
air new zealand
the optimal thinking seminar optimized the healing process of a crippled and hurting work environment.
rosa combs, eeo specialist,
internal revenue service
i would like to say how wonderful your service is and when you told me that you were going to put your top writer on the job, i didn't imagine that they were going to be that good! thanks!
l sgt christopher h.
u.s. army
optimal writing services delivers a top quality proposal on time and on budget. they wrote an amazing rfp for my organization in 23 days and we won the bid!
jack b.
ceo, financial services corporation
if you need a custom business plan for investors, there is no better team than optimal writing services. they are fastidious, and the plan they produced enabled me to get the funds i was after. i couldn't have done it without them.
larry jackson, chicago

i must endorse optimal thinking as the mental foundation for peak performance in all fields. optimal thinking is a quantum leap beyond rhetorical positive thinking ideology.
dr. gregory h. tefft
triple crown mr. america, olympics sports medicine staff, california
a superb treatment of the idea of personal best.
stephen r. covey, ph.d.
author, the 7 habits of highly successful people
without your coaching, we would never have been able to outperform our competition. your coaching helped me steer the company optimally in very tough times. we have increased market share, and our earnings have never been better.
larry p, silicon valley, ca

this excellent executive team produced a cutting edge strategic business plan to grow our business based on proven experience, not theory.  a class above even the top strategic consulting firms, you can't beat the quality at this price.
brendan c.
ceo, technology corporation
 





 featured in:
			  										






some of our clients:














 featured in:
			  										








best practicesbest solutionsbest value
 










custom assessments
optimization case studies
privacy policy
site map
 100 days of optimal thinking
employee motivation program
our clients
contact us
 optimization coaching
business writing services
custom training programs
store


 to order or receive
client support, call (424) 204-6133




free newsletter with optimize tough times road map!

enter first name **enter email address**

captcha
 











δ


unsubscribe at any time. read our privacy policy.







created by: catalyst design








































we serve cookies on our site to analyze traffic, understand your preferences, and optimize your experience.ok. thanksprivacy policy

 










