







videobomb




































































































              home
            

            press
          

            contact
          























































































homepresscontact







#boom











scroll






 

videobomb makes any brand engagement more immersive and compelling.

   












 


    schedule a demo
  



videobomb’s webar platform turns any flat brand interaction into a rich, augmented reality experience — maximizing the value of brand content by elevating every touch, from initial engagement to point of purchase, to a more powerful opportunity to inform, educate and promote.with the dimensionality and immersion capabilities of augmented reality, and the real-time engagement of social media, brands can extend their storytelling power all the way to the point of sale. brands can now embed online media into offline experiences. consumers can make better informed and more efficient decisions.the platform enables businesses to enjoy a simple non-coding alternative to creating digitally immersive experiences for consumers.

 






how it works

 









  

videobomb turns any flat image into a rich ar video experience. product packages, print ads, in-store signage and posters can display engaging and immersive video.unlike qr codes that link to a website or a cluttered youtube channel, videobomb’s webar platform surfaces video right over the object in a dynamic real-world environment. marketers retain control over the message and customer experience while also having the ability to utilize different creative for different audiences.and unlike offerings that require custom animation and development, videobomb’s saas model allows marketers to go live in hours, not months.




    schedule a demo
  

 


















 a few of the brands we’ve worked with…

 









































































































hear what they have to say…

     


    connect with us
  






   



subscribe
sign up with your email address to receive news and updates.





first name



last name




email address






sign up




we respect your privacy.
thank you!














intro



new page



videobomb — augmented reality experiences for brands



new page



brands we've worked with



new page



new page

















































copyright © 2022 ripple music inc. (dba: videobomb) all rights reserved.











