































home | lincolnshire wildlife trust














    skip to main content
  




auxiliary menu


home


contact


blogs


news


jobs


shop






follow us










flickr










facebook










instagram










twitter










youtube






















search











main navigation


what we do















robert enderby



lincolnshire wildlife trust is a voluntary charitable organisation which cares for lincolnshire's wildlife and countryside. founded in 1948, the trust covers the whole of the historic county of lincolnshire - from the humber to the wash.
meet the team



about us





news



blogs



podcast



meet the team



publications



our story



ted smith - our founder



partners & supporters







caring for wild places



inspiring people



conservation projects





wilder humber



fens east peat partnership



bourne north fen



green investment in greater lincolnshire



ancholme catchment partnership



dynamic dunescapes



love lincs plants



lincolnshire's road verges







planning advice



campaigns





defend nature



30 by 30



peat sales must end



action for insects







lincolnshire environmental awards 2025







wildlife















eleanor stone



fact of the month
minke whale vocalisations can reach 150 decibels - that’s the same as a jet plane taking off!
find out more about minke whales below.
minke whales



species



habitats



wildlife gardening





create a home for wildlife



build a bird nest box



make an air bee n' bee



set up a nectar café



build a wildlife pond



go wild for worms



wildflower meadow hub







caring for wildlife



how to identify





animal droppings



animal tracks



coastal creatures



bumblebees



caterpillars



swifts, swallows and martins



birds of prey



snakes



owls







lincolnshire through the seasons



reptile and amphibian survey







get involved















lizzie wilberforce



take our quiz below to find out which uk moth you are. will you be an energetic hummingbird hawk-moth, or maybe a humble but marvellous peppered moth...
take the quiz!



visit a nature reserve





our top reserves





whisby nature park



gibraltar point



far ings



snipe dales



willow tree fen



donna nook



woodhall spa airfield



lincolnshire coastal country park







our education centres





whisby education centre



gibraltar point education centre



far ings education centre







visitor information





accessibility



dog walkers



group visits



be tick aware



good fieldcraft







a-z of nature reserves



roadside nature reserves







area groups



for families





nature clubs



family activities



wild houses of lincolnshire quiz



which moth are you quiz







volunteer





volunteer vacancies







fundraise



in your community



take action for wildlife



take action for climate change







what's on



join us



donate



















home





 



 














our wild places matterplease help us protect and restore lincolnshire's wildlife and habitats for the future.
an urgent appeal






 

image/svg+xml
93 nature reserves (https://www.lincstrust.org.uk/nature-reserves)




image/svg+xml
 60 upcoming events (https://www.lincstrust.org.uk/whats-on)





27,548 members (https://www.lincstrust.org.uk/support-us)





16 area groups (https://www.lincstrust.org.uk/get-involved/area-groups)





protecting lincolnshire's wildlife for the futurethe lincolnshire wildlife trust is your local wildlife conservation charity. we look after nearly 100 nature reserves, give wildlife a voice, and inspire people to take action for wildlife.
over 25,000 members and more than 1,000 volunteers work together with us to make lincolnshire wilder and make nature part of life, for everyone.
more about us






 














workshopsimprove your practical skills by joining our workshops at whisby nature park
see the programme






 















mark willden




looking back at 2024a year of behind-the-scenes insights in our podcast
listen now






 















matthew taylor




cover competition!enter your favourite lincolnshire nature photos
find out how








    the wildlife trusts play a very important part in protecting our natural heritage. i would encourage anyone who cares about wildlife to join them.


sir david attenborough







with the right support, nature can recover. will you give it a chance?together we can bring back lincolnshire's wildlife


i am making a donation of
£















plan your next visitget closer to wildlife this winter. take a look at our top reserves or find one close to you from our full list of nature reserves here.



 














nature reservewhisby nature parkwhisby nature park is a beautiful landscape near lincoln, full of wildlife, walks and trails. flooded gravel pits now abound with wildlife.





 














nature reservefar ings national nature reservefar ings is situated on the south bank of the humber estuary, a major east-west flyway for migrating birds.





 














nature reservegibraltar point national nature reserveknown for its impressive views and sheer scale and diversity of wildlife, gibraltar point is worth a visit any time of year.





 














nature reservesnipe dalesthe attractive valleys of snipe dales, fretted by streams, offer wonderful views of the southern lincolnshire wolds.





 














nature reservelincolnshire coastal country parkstretch of coastline running from sandilands to chapel st leonards.





 














nature reservewoodhall spaa place where visitors can share in the unique and peaceful atmosphere of this former airfield.











 















david tipling/2020vision




turn your inbox wild!keep up to date with nature news and wildlife events from lincolnshire wildlife trust.
get updates






keep in touchfollow us on social media for the latest news, events and sightings or take a look at our latest stories below to find out what we've been up to.































blog
diary of the whisby wardens: january 2025

it's a new year and, as ever, there's a huge amount of management work to be done at whisby and on other local nature reserves…



















news
the search is on for lincolnshire’s youngest green heroes

the lincolnshire young environmentalists award is the local award for eco-friendly kids. schools, youth groups and individuals (aged…



















blog
diary of the whisby wardens: december 2024

winter brings its own challenges when it comes to managing habitats for wildlife and visitors, but even before the new year is underway…









    all our lives are better when they're a bit wild...


the wildlife trusts






















lincolnshire wildlife trust 
banovallum house
manor house street
horncastle
lincolnshire
ln9 5hf







 
contact us (https://www.lincstrust.org.uk/contact)membership (https://www.lincstrust.org.uk/support-us)donate (https://www.lincstrust.org.uk/support-us/donate)volunteer (https://www.lincstrust.org.uk/get-involved/volunteer)






 
 


























footer


privacy policy


cookies


safeguarding commitment statement


publications





lincolnshire wildlife trust: nature conservation from the humber to the wash. registered charity number 218895.
















please ensure javascript is enabled for purposes of website accessibility 






















