










greenhouses & supply, a greenhouse for everyone!



















 





call us 888-966-7877

search




				creating customer satisfactionfor 37 years!



















- greenhouses, 
		greenhouse kits, shade cloth, homestead carts, greenhouse equipment & 
				greenhouse glazing -







































greenhouses

shade cloth

homestead carts

greenhouse equipment

polycarbonate glazing










	 











		 




























 


 










				multiwall

fasteners

tape

quotes


				installation ?


				shipping costs

ridge caps

poly channel

aluminum channel



	"live long and flourish" with our affordable greenhouses and garden 
	lifestyle website, and have fun!
at greenhouse & supply we strive to provide you with the best quality and 
		variety of greenhouse products at the most competitive prices you will 
		find. we specialize in customer service and satisfaction and deliver our 
		products inexpensively right to your door. you not only save money by 
		shopping with us, but time as well. we feature secure online ordering 
		and helpful, courteous telephone support for any questions that you may 
		have, toll free 888-966-7877.











- the greenhouse & supply gardening website, a lifestyle for all -
greenhouse & supply has 
been in business for over three decades. we take pride in offering high 
quality products and consistent customer satisfaction. our customers span 
the country from alaska to florida and include back yard gardeners, the u.s. 
military, private businesses, the usda, and public school systems. we give 
personal attention to each order no matter how big or small. in addition, 
we offer you courteous and prompt service. you will receive high quality 
products that fit your budget. our greenhouses serve as an educational, 
research tool, as well as an enjoyable hobby for the backyard enthusiast. 
with our wide range of  specially designed greenhouse products, you will 
produce flowers, vegetables, and beautiful houseplants. for the hobbyist, 
when your soul craves beauty, serenity and greenery, enjoy the loveliness  
and warmth of a greenhouse that will keep the winter fires burning. we all need 
a secret passion and inspiration. as you learn about growing abundant plants you 
will discover the enchantment of gardening. we were born to love flowers 
and crave nature's bounty of fresh fruits and vegetables. purchasing a 
greenhouse is guaranteed to propel you down a road that generates  a new  
appreciation for nature. so relax and enjoy our websites. be sure and check out our specialty products! we have provided links 
for your convenience with detailed information only a click away. buy 
today and enjoy your purchase all year round! 

to help you with solutions as you are planning and building your dream 
greenhouse,encepcois providing a handy information guide.
the information guide is 
divided into several key topics so that you can go directly to the area of your 
interest. throughout the guide you will see images marked with the word 
"solution". within the guide select an image to find out more about product 
solutions.







have fun and 
enjoy, exploring our greenhouse garden products!



 







copyright  2025, all rights reserved including page and website "look & feel"





 greenhouses etcetera

"an encepco company"
















po box 914benton city, wa 99320
toll free 1-888-966-7877

		 

contact us


		 




