










varsha refractories
























































home

about us

products

services offered

industries served

video gallery

contact us

enquiry






































refractory   solution


we provides always our best industrial solution for our clients and  always try to achieve our client's trust and satisfaction.
              

our serviceget a quote











innovative  refractory


our team of experts combines advanced technologies with industry knowledge to provide custom solutions tailored to your specific needs.
              

get a quoteour service











efficiency and reliability


achieve optimal efficiency and unmatched reliability with our refractory services. 
              

our serviceget a quote

















about us
varsha refractories private limited came into existence in the year 1989, at that time with the name of varsha trading corporation. the company started business, dealing in refractories in a very small scale in the year 1989, having registered office at kalyan and sales office at taloja. gradually with the quality and promptness of service, and continuous efforts, started catering to various major industrial units around bombay, new bombay, nasik, raigad, pune, silvassa, etc. now the company boasts a clientele base of over 1800 satisfied customers. 
view more













our products














fire bricks
we are a trusted name in manufacturing fire bricks which are a block of ceramic material used in masonry construction. 
read more







 	insulation material
cellulose is primarily made from recycled newsprint. most fiberglass products contain 40% to 60% recycled glass.
read more







castables
our casatables are extensively used for back-up and hot face linings. their low density and low thermal conductivity helps in conserving heat energy and reducing fuel costs. 
read more







mortars
our company is a well recognized name in manufacturing mortars for diverse applications. these are available in different specifications so as to meet the needs of the clients. 
read more

















36000
tonnes





1000
projects





4000
clients





4000
products
























































































industries we serve















aluminium












construction












paper












fertilizers












plastics



















































































































































































































our major clients






 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
















4, ground floor, kailash aprt., near old rto building, tapsi pandey compound,
              r. p. road, behind gurudev hotel, near d-mart, kalyan (w) - 421301

  [0251]- 2314832  
  [0251]- 2318832 
  refractory9@gmail.com 





products

fire bricks
insulation material
castables
mortars
anti corrosive products
ceramic fibre products





useful links

home
about
industries
gallery
services
contact  





quick contact









send message












copyright ©2023 varsha refractories. all rights reserved























