



ultimate airliners - the super 80















• 
        home
• 
        product info
• 
        purchase
• 
        downloads
• 
        forum
 








may 27, 2010 - super 80 professional service pack 2 released!
service pack 2 has officially been released for the super 80 professional 
          version for fsx. please click here for more 
          information and to download.
september 22, 2008 - ultimate airliners - super 80 professional 
          released!
flight one software and coolsky are excited to announce the release 
          of ultimate airliners - the super 80 professional... a highly advanced 
          new addon product for ms flight simulator x. ultimate airliners - the 
          super 80 professional is a complete aircraft and panel package which 
          simulates the mcdonnell douglas md-80 in absolutely amazing detail. 
          all systems in the aircraft are simulated with a very high level of 
          accuracy to make the experience as complete as possible. this package 
          simulates the latest electronic flight deck (efd) cockpit upgrade given 
          to the md-80 series. it includes a full efis with fms, tcas, systems 
          display panel, engine display panel, and many more advanced systems. 
          real md-80 pilots will feel right at home and beginners will be able 
          to completely learn the cockpit due to the interactive integrated cockpit 
          training system.
click 
          here for more information on the super 80 professional
friday, july. 06, 2007 - flight one and coolsky release super 80 
          for fsx
flight one software, in partnership with coolsky, has officially released 
          the fsx version of ultimate airliners - the super 80.
this upgrade is more than a simple port over from fs9. for the model 
          and textures, it is a complete rebuild utilizing the latest export tools 
          and fsx materials. this super 80 has all the features that a native 
          fsx aircraft should have. the virtual cockpit also has the very latest 
          fsx materials applied throughout, and was re-built and re-textured.
the instrument systems have also been improved, with numerous fixes 
          and adjustments to make this product even more realistic.
this update is also free for all fs2004 version customers of both the 
          download and cd rom version.
about the product: ultimate airliners - the super 80 brings back the 
          classic modes of flying in the era where glass was just starting to 
          appear. this rendition is based on the original super 80, circa 1979. 
          so with the combination of classic analog and early electronic navigation, 
          you have a product that requires a lot of attention, but also rewards 
          proper cockpit management. and if this does seem complicated, the integrated 
          cockpit training system will help guide you through many of the steps 
          required in order to have a successful and accurate flight.
for more information, please visit http://www.flight1.com/products.asp?product=uas80.
friday, nov. 25, 2005 - ultimate airliners - the super 80 has been 
          released!
flight1, in partnership with coolsky, 
          is excited to announce the immediate release of their newest product 
          featuring the mcdonnell douglas md-80 (known as the super 80), and also 
          featuring a new integrated cockpit training system (icts).
ultimate airliners - the super 80 is designed to bring back the classic 
          modes of flying in the era where glass was just starting to appear. 
          this rendition is based on the original super 80, circa 1979, and combines 
          classic analog instruments with early electronic navigation. also included 
          is an entirely new feature that we call "integrated cockpit training 
          system", or icts for short. this new system will help guide you 
          through many of the different cockpit procedures and checklists that 
          is required for the super 80.
along with the new cockpit systems, there is a detailed new visual 
          model with multiple liveries, all new sound suite, accurate vc, and 
          more! do note that this product is quite advanced, and is geared to 
          the user that really wants to enjoy cockpit and flight systems management. 
          the icts system will however help beginners learn many of the steps 
          required in order to fly the super 80 successfully.
click the product info link for more information!














copyright © 2005 flight one software, inc. all 
          rights reserved.
      how to contact us or read our terms of service.




