








sky north planes : web site information about small planes
























































light aircraft
airliners
business jets
aircraft pilot
blog










						sky  north  planes 



						all the information you need to know about small aircraft						
















						business, tourism, vargo, private use...						

 for many years, governments as well as private bodies have supported the development of light aviation and promoted the services of private and commercial operators of light aviation, business aviation and helicopters…



						aviation is much more than the airliners we hear about!						



						what is light aviation ?						

 many light aircraft are used commercially for passengers and freight transport, sightseeing, photography, and other similar roles as well as personal use. the many uses of light aircraft include aerial surveying, such as monitoring pipelines. they are also used for light cargo operations, such as “feeding” cargo hubs, as well as some passenger operations.







						examples of light aircraft						

 glider, helicopter, ultralight aviation, airplane used in a flight school, aerobatic devices for tourism, single engine or twin engine…





 remote control airplanes



						electric aircraft						








						general aviation in numbers						

 an estimated 65% of general aviation flights are conducted for business and public services.








						private  pilot license						

 depending on the device model, piloting may or may not require specific training and licensing.








						weight in light aviation						

 the weight of a light aircraft does not exceed 5700 kg while the weight of a small helicopter must not exceed 2700 kg.



						light aircraft types and uses						




						modern light aircraft						

 among the examples of single-engine two-seater, we mention : the aquila a 210, the aviat husky, the diamond da20, the grob g 120a.
there are also some examples of aerobatic aircrafts such as aviat pitts, extra 300 and sukhoi.



						small plane of tourism						

 among the examples of small planes we can name the tourism single-engine, single-engine travel and single-engine piston transport.
the beechcraft baron is an example of a twin-engine piston, the cessna caravan is a single-engine turbine…



						recreational aviation : 						

 private pilots, boarding a single-engine light aircraft



						rent a private jet						









						recreational aviation categories						

 recreational aviation is about simple strolls, participating in amateur rally competitions or aerobatics.


 1



						training : the apprentice pilot						

 the apprentice pilot must undergo a training under the supervision of a qualified instructor. the training is always done at the pace appropriate for each student and apprentice …

 2



						become a captain						

 those who wish to pilot an airplane by becoming commanders must obtain their patent.
the pilot certificate is a document certifying that the holder is qualified to become a pilot-in-command on an airplane.

 3



						get a private pilot's license						

 the private pilot license is granted to candidates over 17 years of age who have about 40 hours of flying time with about 20 hours of dual time and at least 10 hours of supervised solo flight.

aviation news all the news, new features and innovations in the avitaion world are available online thanks to specialized press platforms as well as general news and communication agencies like agence-de-communication.info and agence-de-presse.net for example…

 






cost of a private flight a private flight rate depends on factors such as the availability of aircraft. to give an estimation of the round-trip fare : 20 minutes of helicopter flight between nice and cannes are estimated at 1000 €. for approximately 1 h 10 flight in a private jet paris nice paris, costs 10 000 €.


price calculator the solution for knowing the price of a private jet rental can be done by using an online price calculator on an app or a specialised website. it will be necessary to indicate different information such as the nature of the flight, one way, multiple stops, specify the location of the airports of destination …



private jet rental the advantages of the private jet rental are that this service allows privileged customers to travel with their pet, undertake business flights, travel with their family. these private flight formulas also allow medical flights for medical or emergency evacuation.  to make you choice compare prices.



private plane flights travel for short or medium distances with a cruising speed of 550 km/h. fastest jets are able to reach a cruising speed of 830 km/h while medium-sized private jets reach a cruising speed of 815 km/h. the average range of this private plane model is 3200 km. find the lowest private jet charter.
































 