


































































independent tribune | breaking news | | read the latest news for concord, kannapolis, harrisburg & cabarrus county, north carolina. get breaking news, sports, weather, entertainment, and more.





















skip to main contentskip to main content










        we are currently undergoing maintenance on some services, which may temporarily affect access to subscription accounts and the e-edition. we apologize for any inconvenience and appreciate your patience as we work to resolve the issues.
    

















37°











 log in
                                    
subscribe






guest


logout

read today's e-edition





























news


local



business



crime



nation & world



politics



state & regional



education



news tip




obituaries


share a story



recent obituaries



find an obituary




opinion


submit a letter



letters



editorials



columnists



cartoons




sports


high school



college



basketball



baseball



professional




lifestyles


arts & theatre



movies & tv



music



calendar



comics



games & puzzles



contests



play



food & cooking



home & garden



health



parenting



fashion



people



pets



travel



faith



sponsored content



join the community


news tip



send a story



share a photo



brand ave. studios


comics




print edition


e-edition



today's ads



special sections



independent tribune archives




buy & sell


place an ad



jobs



cars



marketplace



public notices



shop local



today's deal




customer service


manage subscription



activate digital subscription



newsletters



subscribe



contact us



help center



gift subscriptions


mobile apps


weather: live radar






facebook





twitter





linkedin





instagram








© 2025 lee enterprises
terms of service | privacy policy






















































































subscribe
read today's e-edition




























                                        subscribe
                                    




























                                                    log in
                                                








welcome, guest

my account
 dashboard
 profile
 saved items

 logout







e-edition

news

obituaries

opinion

sports

puzzles

lifestyles

public notices

jobs








37°
rain
























        
        
            concord fire responds to blaze at allison street home

concord fire department put out a fire on allison street thursday, february 13. no injuries were reported.

















        
        
            harrisburg names landrum new assistant to town manager

harrisburg - the town of harrisburg recently welcomed elizabeth “elie” landrum as the new assistant to the town manager. with a strong background in public administration and a passion for serving the community, elie brings a wealth of experience and a unique perspective to this new role.

















        
        
            high school sports: cabarrus schools learn new conferences following final draft of nchsaa realignment

conference realignment

















        
        
            girls basketball: defending state-champion cougars, opening tourney with win, have bright future – and present

cannon girls basketball

















        
        
            cabarrus calendar

food, fundraisers, special events - here are upcoming community events around cabarrus county. 

















        
        
            girls basketball roundup: gidney powers bulls; vikings topple spiders; bulldogs perfect in spc; eagles open tourney

girls basketball roundup

















        
        
            boys basketball roundup: batts sr. gets 200th win; concord finally tops central; eagles pursue state title

boys basketball roundup










            curated commerce
        
5 best thc gummies of 2025





                
                recommended for you




















        
        
            concord police: two juveniles charged in thursday shooting


















        
        
            high school sports: cabarrus schools learn new conferences following final draft of nchsaa realignment


















        
        
            friday five: updates on red bull, kroger projects, tax help and a monster convention















                
                the latest










        
        
            the daily verse

in all your ways acknowledge [the lord], and he will make straight your paths. - proverbs 3:6 (nrsvue) 




















        
        
            larry cothren: a national decline in test scores, cell phones a big part of it

larry cothren says the decline in test scores goes back further than covid and cell phones are a big part of the problem.




















        
        
            time for non-profits to apply for transportation grants for those with disabilities

are you a non-profit agency who offers transportation services to the elderly and persons with disabilities? 




















        
        
            d.g. martin: unc's william leuchtenburg’s lasting legacy

unc-chapel hill professor emeritus william leuchtenburg died on january 28. he was born on september 28, 1922. 












                
                interact with us


















        
        
            get the most important news in your inbox as it happens. sign up for breaking news:

get it delivered to your inbox! 




















        
        
            explore local history with our digital newspaper archives!

visit our online archives for thousands of historical articles, obituaries and announcements. 




















        
        
            read the e-edition now – the digital replica of the newspaper!

updated every day! 




















        
        
            download our mobile app for a customized experience!

download it today! 





















                
                latest video




















        
        
            vance berates european allies over free speech at munich security summit




















        
        
            the day after: 'robust post-war reintegration plan critical for sustainable free democratic ukraine'




















        
        
            doge website lacks detailed records despite musk’s 'maximally transparent' promise




















        
        
            200,000 federal workers at risk of getting fired as widespread cuts continue












                
                sports
                
                    


















        
        
            precariously perfect: 3 takeaways from duke basketball’s win over triangle rival nc state

durham, n.c. —seriously tested for the second time in three days, no. 2 duke needed another spectacular game from cooper flagg to keep its winning streak alive. flagg scored 23 of his game-high 28 points in the second half as the blue devils rallied from a double-digit deficit to beat n.c. state, 74-64, in acc basketball at cameron indoor stadium on monday night. the lone unbeaten team in acc ...




















        
        
            high school basketball: the independent tribune boys cream of cabarrus rankings

ranking the county's top basketball teams




















        
        
            high school basketball: the independent tribune girls cream of cabarrus rankings

these are the top six girls basketball teams in the county, according to the independent tribune sports staff: 




















        
        
            boys basketball roundup: rookie raffaldt leads tigers in yvc win; concord academy still perfect in conference

albemarle – mac raffaldt hasn’t been on the mount pleasant boys basketball team’s varsity squad very long. 













                
                listen now podcasts




















        
        
            tariffs rattle small businesses, an atmospheric river and religion news | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            drone damages chernobyl nuclear plant; egg prices hit record high | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            hamas to release 3 israeli hostages; musk talks deleting agencies | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            how can you reclaim focus in a digital world? | the ethical life podcast

🎧 explore ways to sharpen your attention, stay present and build better habits for a more mindful, productive life.














                
                life & entertainment
                
                    


















        
        
            goodyear blimp at 100: from ronald reagan to ice cube, 'floating piece of americana' still thriving

at 100 years old, the goodyear blimp is an ageless star in the sky. 




















        
        
            'elsbeth' becomes a family affair for carrie preston

carrie preston didn’t think her husband, actor michael emerson, was interested in her series, “elsbeth.” now he has a recurring role on the cbs whodunit.




















        
        
            could obesity drugs help with alcohol cravings? new study suggests potential

a new study suggests that medications that have transformed the treatment of obesity may also help people drink less alcohol. 

















                
                local events
                
            









 your browser settings are preventing events from loading. more info






×
 update settings to continue…


please try the following steps to enable.


open firefox settings → privacy & security → website privacy preferences
make sure "tell websites not to sell or share my data" is not checked.
make sure "send websites a do not track request" is not checked.




open chrome settings → privacy & security → third-party cookies
under advanced, make sure "do not track " is disabled.




open edge settings → privacy, search, and services
under privacy, make sure "send do not track" requests is not enabled
open cookies and site permissions → manage and delete cookies and site data
make sure "block third-party cookies" is not enabled




open your browser settings and make sure "do not track " is disabled.




                                open your cookie preferences.
make sure "targeted advertising" is toggled on.make sure "do not sell or share my personal information" is toggled off.click save















                
                curated commerce
                
                    


















        
        
            5 best thc gummies of 2025

affiliate content. find the best options for thc gummies in 2025. 




















        
        
            8 best cbd gummies for relaxation and wellness

affiliate. take a closer look at some of the top cbd gummy options on the market.





























                
                local businesses
                
                    



















        
        
            mcdowell county democratic party



                                        po box 1901, marion, nc 28752
                                    






















        
        
            barkley baseball school



                                        attn: matt barkley, hickory, nc 28602
                                    






















        
        
            clt home & landscape show/eyemark



                                        1920 abbott st, charlotte, nc 28203
                                    
















                
                print ads
                
            






















banking financial





        
        
            bank ozk - concord






































×
















facebook





twitter





linkedin





instagram









sites & partners


place an ad

event calendar

join our team

newsletter sign-up




services


manage subscription

contact us

advertise

licensing

dealer returns






                        © copyright 2025
                        independent tribune, po box 968 hickory, nc 28603
                    

terms of use
|
privacy policy
|
advertising terms of use
|
do not sell my info
|
cookie preferences




                        powered by blox content management system from bloxdigital.com.
                    












notifications
settings






you don't have any notifications.



get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.

topics

breaking news

subscribe






news alerts

subscribe

























