








the louisville ghost hunters society official website!
































 

february 16, 2025  





home
message board & chatroom
public forum
search the site
equipment store
investigation help
meeting location
membership info
lghs podcast
new additions!
para-forecast
our sponsors
advertise here
privacy/legal
contact us
public case files
urban legends
stories/folklore
para-dictionary
photo album
evp faq page
false positives
hot spots - uss nc
hot spots - alcatraz
hot spots - queen mary
media lghs news
national news
our web awards
lghs video files
external links
paranormal sites
ghostmart store
link to us
free downloads
paranormal convention
paranormal convention photos
paranormal convention archive
supernatural news

 
        











































 



 

























































































paranormal convention

























            all about the louisville ghost hunters society!




the louisville 
            ghost hunters society - louisville's oldest & most respected 
            paranormal research group!   
            all about us:

99% 
            is the key.  99% of what is found by the louisville ghost 
            hunters society can be explained in a rational - scientific - way.  
            the remaining 1% is left to keep both keith age, the founder of the 
            louisville ghost hunters society and it's active membership base 
            continually doing both private and public investigations.

            the investigations conducted by the louisville ghost hunters society 
            are done in a non-metaphysical manner (no psychics, empaths, 
            clairvoyants, etc.) and use a quagmire of video, audio, background 
            research, and electromagnetic testing to determine paranormal claims 
            by both private and public sites.

            all investigations are completely confidential in residential homes, 
            and are conducted in a consistent and professional manner by trained 
            paranormal researchers.  for this reason, the louisville ghost 
            hunters society remains one of the oldest and most respected 
            paranormal research groups in louisville, kentucky - with over 100 
            active members and thousands of curious non-active members.  
            both of which you can meet online on our
            message board!

            our research is taken seriously, as an investigation requires a 
            large amount of background research on both the location, and the 
            individuals making claims that paranormal activity has occurred.  
            when the 99% of explainable scenarios fail to produce a conclusion, 
            the remaining 1% begin to document and analyze the data collected at 
            the investigation site to try to determine the possible cause.

            founder, keith age - along with the members of the louisville ghost 
            hunters society provide investigations free of charge, and are 
            available to help anyone.  if you feel you would like 
            assistance from the lghs, please go to our online
            
            "investigation request" form, and submit your information to our 
            case manager.  we would be happy to assist you!

            you can also download our pdf package which gives you information on 
            the louisville ghost hunters society, and our founder keith age! 
            download 
            the free pdf file here!
 



the louisville 
            ghost hunters society "in the community":

lghs, being a non-profit organization, has donated both 
            time and money to support various charities throughout the 
            kentuckiana area. 

            we are proud to work with several charities in order to help them 
            achieve their goals in the community as well.  

            we work with the crusade for children, 
            st. joseph orphanage, the american juvenile arthritis foundation of 
            kentucky, toys for tots, the make a wish foundation, project zambia, 
            and others.  

            three years in a row, lghs presented the pleasure ridge park fire  
            department a check in the amount of $10,000 for the crusade for 
            children. besides helping with these great causes, lghs has also  
            spent the last few years adopting needy children or their families 
            during the christmas season by providing them with toys, clothing,  
            and monetary assistance.  sometimes, when families are in need  
            we reach out to them with clothing, food, or other assistance in order 
            during the christmas season by providing them with toys, clothing,  
            to get them through the roughest times.  the louisville ghost hunters 
            society does more than just look for things that go "bump"  
            to get them through the roughest times.  the louisville ghost hunters 
            in the night, we offer a helping hand to our community so that any  
            "bump" is crossed over a bit easier. 

            members are asked to contribute what they can in some cases and in 
            every instance we have tried to bring a small bit of happiness to 
            those less fortunate during a difficult time of the year. many lghs 
            members, most of whom hold full time jobs, have devoted countless 
            hours of their time in supporting and insuring that these worthy 
            causes receive the recognition and help they so richly deserve. 
            striving to make their community a better place, the louisville 
            ghost hunters society is proud to lend a hand to those in need and 
            will continue to do so in the future.
 








get our free 
              e-newsletter:
              






              name: 
 

              email: 


 









             
            




















             
            























































































































































 


 


 


 
















 
 
 










maintained and hosted by
webbycities.com.


copyright © 2025 - 
the louisville ghost hunters society - all rights reserved.










