










home - grants pass & josephine county chamber of commerce


























































  















skip to content















					login				








					email				








					541-476-7717				














facebook icon





youtube icon





linkedin icon





instagram icon





e-news weekly email






































menu 
chamber staff board of directors chamber foundation committees about newsletters & e-news contact usevents & programs events calendar featured events networking eventsvisit vacation & relocation requests visitor center area history caveman plan your visit things to do annual events wineries & taprooms agritourism member map weather chamber profile, maps & brochures kiosk 2024 programbusiness resources 2022 business survey br&e-“peerspectives” industry education demographics lifestyle job postings major employers chamber profile small business tool kitmember center member login join now membership levels sponsorship & advertising opportunities partner with the chamber in 2024! business directory job postings








 







 





welcome to grants pass & josephine county






we support and promote our local commerce through communication, advocacy and partnerships!





















search 
find a business
 
 
read more

 








join 
become a member
 
 
read more

 








network 
community calendar
 
 
read more

 









































https://growthzonecmsprodeastus.azureedge.net/sites/1137/2024/07/15-small-buisnesses-vertical.mp4



















welcome 
 
your connection to our community
 
 
the grants pass & josephine county chamber of commerce works every day to make our community a place where businesses can grow and prosper, where people want to raise their families and tourists want to visit!
the chamber is dedicated to helping local companies grow their businesses and create a thriving economy. we serve as the voice for businesses and focus on creating a strong business climate. we offer networking, advocacy, connections, marketing, and community engagement!
we are your connection to grants pass & josephine county.
 
read more

 
























testimonial 
meghan boehm, cfo
southern oregon aspire
“i am deeply proud and honored to be a part of the grants pass chamber of commerce, which has served as a cornerstone of support and advocacy for local businesses for the past 100 years. 
through its unwavering dedication, the chamber continues to provide invaluable resources, foster beneficial connections, and facilitate numerous opportunities for economic growth. by tirelessly advocating for its members and spearheading initiatives, the chamber exemplifies the power of collaboration and collective action. 
its diverse array of networking events, educational seminars, and community events continually enrich the lives of residents and businesses throughout grants pass and josephine county, demonstrating a genuine commitment to enhancing our collective well-being and prosperity.”
 
 
 
read more

 








engage 


 
view calendar

 




















annual chamber awards banquet2025buy your tickets now!*** we love business! ***












marketingopportunitiesappointments available for customizedmarketing plans












energy trustled lighting program click to sign up 


































 












© 2025 grants pass & josephine county chamber of commerce
 | 
site by growthzone


























resources









facebook icon





youtube icon





linkedin icon





instagram icon





e-news weekly email











directory




member directory 










login




member login 










get in touch






grants pass & josephine county chamber of commerce









 map




1995 nw vine st. grants pass, or 97526 










phone




 541.476.7717 










email




gpcoc@grantspasschamber.org 


















 © 2025 grants pass & josephine county chamber of commerce.  all rights reserved. site by growthzone 








 



























