














mycom fcu - mycom federal credit union



























































			search		

 













about us
accounts 

your money is safe and secure at mycom federal credit union!
checking accounts
savings accounts
mycom teen checking accounts


loans
rates 

loan rates
savings rates


become a member
member benefits
contact us
 
 apply for a loan
 login to online banking









mycom will be closed on monday, february 17, 2025 for presidents day!
×




regular business hours will resume tuesday, february 18, 2025.


got it!
don't show me this again











a $100 visa gift card could be yours!
if you are a current member of mycom and you refer a friend, relative, colleague, etc. who is not already a member of mycom, from january 3, 2025 through february 28, 2025, then you and the newly joined member will be entered into a drawing to win a $100 visa gift card!


the drawing will be announced on march 3, 2025.


don't miss out on a chance to win $100 to spend as you choose!












annual meeting notice
the board of directors announces to all credit union members that elections for the following positions will be held at the credit union’s annual meeting, march 28, 2025, 5:30 p.m. at the country club of pittsfield, 639 south street, pittsfield, ma. there will be no nominations from the floor.


view full annual meeting notice












new auto’s as low as 5.49% apr and 7.49% apr for recreational vehicles!

apply now



















we love to hear from our members
suggestions, thoughts, questions? let us know!


send us your thoughts






previous



next





are you signed up for homebanking yet?
edocuments including member account statements and tax forms are accessible on your homebanking account. sign up today if you haven’t already! ask us how to opt in for estatements or email us at info@mycomcu.org and tell us you would like to receive estatements on your homebanking account.



mycom teen checking accounts
empower your teen with a mycom federal credit union teen checking account. don’t wait to get your teen started with a checking account!  open your account online or visit our office today. 

apply online


to read more, visit the mycom teen checking accounts  page.


visa credit card scorecard rewards program
earn points by using your visa credit card and redeem those points for great merchandise by tops brands like apple, bose, cuisinart, dewalt, weber, and more!
low apr %  
apply now!





as a credit union member at mycom federal credit union, you are an owner of our not-for-profit financial cooperative. credit unions’ first priority is your financial success, and we focus on financial security. your deposits at mycom federal credit union, a federally insured credit union, are safe and secure.
learn more 












contact us
mycom federal credit union101 fenn streetpittsfield, ma 01201phone: 413-442-6501fax: 413-442-9557toll free: 1-866-297-9778e-mail: info@mycomcu.org


office hours
monday – friday: 8:00am – 4:30pmsaturday: 8:30am – 12:30pm


helpful links
privacy policyterms of usefunds availabilitywire instructions / fee schedule


please call 1-800-472-3272 if you have lost or your debit card was stolen to turn your card off.
your savings are federally insured up to $250,000 by ncua (national credit union administration), a us government agency. equal housing lender. we are committed to providing a website that is accessible to the widest possible audience in accordance with ada standards and guidelines. we are actively working to increase accessibility and usability of our website to everyone. if you are using a screen reader or other auxiliary aid and are having problems using this website, please contact us at (814) 725-8190. all products and services available on this website are available at our credit union office.

























third party links disclosure

×



our site contains hyperlinks to other web sites operated by third parties. these links will take you away from our site. please note that we do not guarantee the accuracy or completeness of any information presented on these sites nor does it represent either the third party or our member if the two enter into a transaction. the third party's privacy and security policies may differ from those practiced by the credit union. we encourage our members to know when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personal identifiable information. our privacy statement applies solely to information collected by our web site.


cancel
continue




















