


radical preaching



























	               radical preaching
	               
can preaching again have something to say?
this blog marks the attempt to bring the theological vision of radical orthodoxy into the worship and preaching of the local church.










contributors

eric lee
gavin richardson
thunder jones
jonathon
fr. d.l. jones
scott
unknown
dale
jeff s.






claims against milbank & radical orthodoxy
the grandeur of reason: religion, tradition and un...
who will best serve the common good?
an advent prayer
radical orthodoxy colloquium
going to the aar this year?
singing in the graveyard: a sermon on colossians 1...
wts paper proposal: any thoughts/suggestions
coming home: becoming a senior pastor (again)
who are the poor?





october 2005
november 2005
december 2005
january 2006
february 2006
march 2006
april 2006
may 2006
july 2006
august 2006
october 2006
november 2006
january 2007
february 2007
march 2007
june 2007
july 2007
august 2007
october 2007
november 2007
december 2007
march 2008
august 2010





text week
bible gateway
pastor john wright
fors clavigera
radical mission
the phaith of st. phransus
eric austin lee
ekklesia project
generous orthodoxy think tank
will willimon
movable theoblogical
new pantagruel
the other journal
la nouvelle théologie
robert jenson
jesus radicals
stanley hauerwas
john milbank
centre for theology and philosophy
st. augustine
movable theoblogical
musings of a postmodern negro
-blip-
church and postmodern culture






tuesday, august 03, 2010



                      	 
                      	 claims against milbank & radical orthodoxy
	                       
                          

refer to the posts and my comments over at the cosmos-liturgy-sex blog.  feel free to join in if you desire.  all of you are much smarter regarding r.o. than i will ever claim to be....

john milbank: friend of catholics or just plain delusional

red tories and eugenics

posted by fr. d.l. jones | 7:16 pm
       |
         0 comments
 




thursday, march 20, 2008



                      	 
                      	 the grandeur of reason: religion, tradition and universalism
	                       
                          

this is the upcoming centre of theology and philosophy conference called the grandeur of reason: religion, tradition and universalism.also, if you're interested in attending, we are now accepting reservations for the conference as well as paper abstracts for panels.  all the information you need is on the site.

posted by eric lee | 12:21 pm
       |
         1 comments
 




friday, december 28, 2007



                      	 
                      	 who will best serve the common good?
	                       
                          

guest commentary by major david l. jones12/28/2007catholic onlinefor me this election cycle and its many debates and questions concerning how our country should move forward is not something distant or abstract. i am currently preparing to deploy to war...

posted by fr. d.l. jones | 9:11 pm
       |
         1 comments
 




tuesday, november 20, 2007



                      	 
                      	 an advent prayer
	                       
                          

"the wicked are estranged from the womb;  they go astray from birth, speaking lies.they have venom like the venom of a serpent,  like the deaf adder that stops its ear,so that it does not hear the voice of charmers  or of the cunning enchanter.o god, break the teeth in their mouths;  tear out the fangs of the young lions, o lord!" (ps. 58:3-6)advent is upon us.  for many of us, advent is an afterthought, an extended preparation for christmas.  a time for office parties, charitable dinners, and gathering with family and friends.  advent, while it is a time for us to prepare our hearts, homes, and lives for the birth of the christ child, is also something far more radical.  on the christian calendar, advent captures israel's longing for a savior, a messiah to set them free from their oppressors.  this messiah will judge the unrighteous and evil, bringing justice to the earth.  the prophets and the psalms are full of israel's cry for salvation and deliverance from her enemies.  constantly, the question is put to god, "how long?  how long, o lord?" for christians, advent also captures our own hopes for the coming of the messiah.  we, too, live in a world filled with injustice, with evil people oppressing, exploiting, and destroying the weak and poor.  we long for christ to return and to bring the fullness of the kingdom with him. advent reminds us that we live in the time between times; and thus we live in tension and ambiguity.  we see the works of love and mercy and the movement of the holy spirit.  however, we also see the greed of our culture and the death and destruction that it brings. advent is in some ways then bad news.  in a culture bent on consuming itself into a drunken stupor, advent causes us to ponder justice and to name those who refuse to respond to god's grace by loving their neighbors as themselves.  this week, i read two articles that are worthy of mention in our advent preparation.the first article discusses that despite losing $74 billion in equities, wall street securities firms will pay out $38 billion in bonuses, on average over $200,000 per employee.  the $74 billion in losses stems largely from the recent scandals in the subprime mortage market.  in short, banks marketed loans to people who could not afford them, developing methods of delaying payments, reduced interest for several years, etc.  in return, the banks charged excessive fees. the second article tells the story of an elderly and her two senior adult daughters, all of whom struggled with poverty and illness.  mortgage brokers from argent mortgage company, purchased this summer by citigroup, swarmed the mother and her daughters, making hundreds of phone calls.  eventually, the women succumbed and signed a mortgage agreement with the company and began a free fall into debt.  in 2005, with their mother in the hospital, mortgage agents convinced the family to refinance again, incurring thousands in steep fees.  the mother died, the one daughter was dying, and the third's eyesight was too poor to see what she was signing.  she was told this would be the only way she could save her house.  now, her house is in the process of foreclosure.  she waits for the letter and the escort out of her home.  when asked what she will do for thanksgiving, she stated, “i’ll be right here... i’ve got some corn flakes and canned vegetables. that’ll be my thanksgiving.”on wall street, the millionaires who orchestrated this whole process will divide a $38 billion dollar pie, while the poor who lose their homes will eat canned beans and corn flakes.  a long time ago, the psalmist captured the cry of advent:"o god, break the teeth in their mouths;  tear out the fangs of the young lions, o lord...surely there is a god who judges on earth" (ps. 58:6, 11b, esv).maranatha, lord jesus

posted by scott | 7:09 am
       |
         0 comments
 




tuesday, october 30, 2007



                      	 
                      	 radical orthodoxy colloquium
	                       
                          

[click for larger jpg | click for full pdf]traditio presents:radicalorthodoxya  c o l l o q u i u mtuesday 13 november2:30 pmratio studiorum:how the jesuits invented modern higher educationjohn f montag sjst. louis university wednesday 14 november2:30 pmif jesus is fully human, he must be godpatrick aaron richescentre of theology and philosophyuniversity of nottinghamthursday 15 november2:30 pmnihilism, art, theology and the prodigal son,or, there is no sex outside marriageconor cunninghamcentre of theology and philosophyuniversity of nottinghamthursday 15 november4:00pmpanel discussion on radical orthodoxywithjohn f montag sjpatrick aaron richesconor cunninghampeter candlertony bakerrobert miner (chair)treasure roomarmstrong browning librarysponsored by:the office of the vice provost for researchthe honors collegethe institute for faith and learningwm. b. eerdmans publishersscm press

posted by eric lee | 7:33 pm
       |
         0 comments
 




wednesday, august 29, 2007



                      	 
                      	 going to the aar this year?
	                       
                          

going to the aar this year?  then please join us!

posted by eric lee | 11:13 am
       |
         0 comments
 




sunday, july 29, 2007




                      	 singing in the graveyard: a sermon on colossians 1:15-23
	                       


here is a podcast of my first sermon at madison church of the nazarene on july 22nd.  if you get a chance, let me know what you think.grace and peace,scott

posted by scott | 8:47 pm
       |
         1 comments
 








 
		  		








