















pinehurst inn bed & breakfast: historic lodging in bayfield wisconsin



















































check availability

call (715) 779-3676for assistance


 


menu


main menu
skip to image rotation. please use up and down arrow keys to navigate between images.
skip to primary content
skip to secondary content
welcome
lodging

guest rooms

view all guest rooms
elisha’s room – main house
r.d. pike room – main house
holly’s room – main house
salmo room – main room
attic suite – main house
birches room – garden house – (ada)
brownstone room – garden house
whispering pines room – garden house


amenities
ada property features
book now
check availability
gift certificates
inn policies


breakfast & more

breakfast
afternoon treats
recipes


specials & packages

specials
february special
anniversary celebration savings
returning guest special
year round: u.s. military discount
aarp / aaa special rate
stay longer and save
packages


about us

about the inn
meet the innkeepers
sustainability
photo gallery


bayfield area

things to do
dining
area activities
shopping


find us

map
driving directions
contact information


blog
logo
 









your top-rated, eco-friendly lodging in bayfield, wi






welcome to pinehurst inn bed & breakfast
surrounded by pine trees and flower gardens, pinehurst inn bed & breakfast is one of the best places to stay in bayfield, wi. this historic 8-room inn offers charming eco-friendly accommodations and provides unparalleled lodging near lake superior. it’s just minutes from many bayfield, wisconsin attractions yet is a calm, peaceful escape. guests enjoy comfortable rooms, delicious 3-course breakfasts, and much more. check out things to do in the area to plan your trip, then come see what makes pinehurst inn bed & breakfast so special.
pinehurst inn bed & breakfast merges all the elements of the ideal bayfield, wi lodging experience: serene location, soothing amenities to relax and rejuvenate, and close proximity to area attractions. it is the perfect location to enjoy a romantic getaway. unlike other bayfield, wi hotels, the b&b offers both the majestic main house as well as the eco-friendly garden house. the historic main house, built in 1885, provides five guest rooms designed with guest comfort in mind. the garden house, built in 2003 as a “green building,” complements the main inn both in design and spirit and includes three large high-end guest rooms, each with a king bed, large jetted tub and fireplace, and two with private decks that look over the perennial gardens and the secluded pikes creek valley. other guest amenities include a sauna, gorgeous gardens to wander, an afternoon snack, and soft drinks available throughout the day. our bayfield bed and breakfast is known for its delicious breakfasts made from some of the freshest ingredients, many of which are locally grown and sourced, to start your day off right!
regardless of the season, you’ll find a number of activities and attractions to experience during your stay at our bayfield bed and breakfast. you decide how much or how little you want to do. the area, known as “the home of the apostle islands,” speaks to those who love kayaking, sailing and big water. there also are miles of trails, gorgeous waterfalls, and long stretches of sandy beaches to explore. winter pursuits include both downhill and cross-country skiing, snowshoeing and dog sledding, and the famous mainland ice caves. madeline island offers even more things to do. take the madeline island ferry across the bay to explore even more of what this area has to offer. and don’t miss the shopping at the various art galleries and unique shops featuring works of numerous local artists. yet more than anything, this is the place for rest and relaxation.
believing it is the natural resources that bring joy to travelers and define us as a people, the pinehurst inn bed & breakfast has distinguished itself as a steward of the environment. as an eco-friendly hotel in wisconsin, we are committed to sustainability in our business practices. our lodging in bayfield, wi is a leader in the “travel green wisconsin” program, and we are proud to be one of the most eco-friendly accommodations in the apostle islands area!
if you’re in search of places to stay in bayfield and the surrounding areas, pinehurst inn bed & breakfast is in the middle of it all, surrounded by islands off the coast offering endless opportunities. escape to one of the top hotels and resorts in northern wisconsin and enjoy the personal touch of our hospitality as you explore the many things to do in bayfield, wisconsin: the apostle islands, lake superior, madeline island, and the myriad of other attractions and activities of the area.
we work hard to make sure all of our guests have a fantastic stay at pinehurst inn bed & breakfast. please share your review of our inn on tripadvisor by clicking the link below!
is there anything we could have done to make your stay better? if so, please contact us now so we can help!














innkeeper's corner
welcome to pinehurst inn bed & breakfast
come enjoy the quiet season. our quiet off-season rates begin november 1, 2024, but we wanted to do a little something extra to say “thank you” for such an incredible year and to bring in the new year. in january 2025, we are offering 25% off our already reduced off-season rate for our garden house rooms to celebrate the new year. stay with us in february and save 20%. only our garden house rooms (each with a king bed, fireplace, tv, large jetted tub) are available through april.
take advantage of these specials and this beautiful time of the year to come to bayfield to relax by the fireplace as the weather turns chilly, unwind in the large jetted tub, or head outdoors to enjoy lake superior and all the area has to offer. enjoy hiking, cross-country skiing, snow shoeing, fat tire biking, taking a stroll along one of our beaches, or cross lake superior to madeline island by ferry or, if the lake freezes over sufficiently, by car. there is as much (or as little) to do as you would like in this wonderful place we call home.
traveling to bayfield this spring, summer or fall? take advantage of our anniversary celebration savings–10% off room rate for two or more nights stays between march 1 and december 31, 2025.
we are here to make your trip even more memorable by starting your day off with a delicious homemade 3-course breakfast and by providing you an afternoon treat (usually cookies, brownies or other homemade treat) for when you return from your day of adventures. soft drinks and hot beverages also are available for your enjoyment. check out our current specials and reserve a room today and see why we have been named best of the best by tripadvisor. we would love to have you stay with us at pinehurst inn bed & breakfast, a great alternative to a hotel or motel.
becky and mike
 






rooms & rates


  find the perfect guestroom experience in either our main house or garden house now.

learnmore




specials


take advantage of our special discounts and enhance your stay with one of our packages.

learnmore




the bayfield area


the bayfield area has so much to offer. plan all your must do activities while you are here.

learnmore


























recent posts


favorite blueberry muffins: 
another recipe from pinehurst inn bed & breakfast in bayfield, wi. i have tried a number of blueberry muffins in my time (believe me, i…		

decadent brownies: 
another recipe from pinehurst inn bed & breakfast in bayfield, wisconsin: i love to cook and bake for our guests at pinehurst inn bed & breakfast.…		








subscribe to our mailing list











pinehurst inn bed & breakfast
83645 state hwy 13
                bayfield, wi 54814
https://pinehurstinn.com

latitude: 46.783881 longitude: -90.865755
phone: (715) 779-3676
 innkeeper@pinehurstinn.com
responsive web design, marketing and hosting by acorn marketing
professional photography by
                                            tom mathews at shadow productions llc

privacy policyaccessibility statementview our site map




























 
x
current specials
current specials and discounts:
february special - 20% off all garden house room (king bed, jetted tub, fireplace, tv) for stays in february 2025

anniversary celebration savings - 10% off all rooms for stays in spring, summer or fall 2025

learn more!

  enter your email address:    

    







