









amara conservation – education for conservation






























 













who we are

about amara
our team in kenya
board / trustees
tsavo keepers society (tks)
partners, sponsors and friends
advisory council


how we work
why kenya & tsavo
projects
donate
our blog
contact us






















kenya’s magnificant tsavo:
land of the red elephants



tsavo’s gentle giants cool off by dusting themselves with tsavo’s volcanic red soil making them the world’s iconic red elephants!













over the past 30 years tsavo has lost 70% of its fauna and much of its life-sustaining flora



tsavo, a uniquely complete volcanic african ecosystem, is the most important wildlife habitat in east africa, if not the entire continent. it could soon be lost forever













amara conservation:
reversing this horrific loss through education



amara provides environmental education, economic empowerment and habitat protection to fuel conversation and stop the loss. there is still so much to do…

































 


community empowerment


amara works to bridge the gap between people and wildlife by encouraging communities to engage in conservation for their mutual benefit.


read more




















tweets by @amaracon














our footprint
over the years, we’ve covered so much ground that we’ve compiled an interactive google map to showcase all the places we’ve been. click on a pin for photos and information about each location.













key facts about tsavo & kenya
in kenya, the people have grown from 10 to 50 million. at the same time, the animal population has decreased by 70%!
kenya is 2/3 desert land and people and animals need to learn to share the land
animals are important to kenya’s people and the planet
we want to help the people and the animals












saving elephants together with elephant moon!


amara conservation in partnership with elephant moon have come together to make a difference in the wildlife conservation journey.
elephant moon is a home grown company, proud to be completely gaga about kids clothing, sustainability and conservation! we like to think that when someone gives one of our products to another human being, they are also giving again in another way at .
and when you squish together being wildly enthusiastic and giving, you really do go gaga!
give and give again!

read more…
















we need your help!
we can play a major role in protecting the most important wildlife habitat in east africa, if not all the continent. it must be protected in our children’s lifetime or it could be lost forever. please join us. 


donate now



















sign up to our bimonthly newsletter, and join us at the frontline of tsavo’s conservation efforts.
















































who we are
how we work
why kenya & tsavo
projects
contact us
 










copyright © all rights reserved |  by amara conservation





























