













dgs





























skip to main content






ca.gov
 

 
share via facebook
share via x
share via google+
share via email




translate



translate this website to your preferred language:













site search





search this site:







search


clear search

 



view allclose





home




services




                                divisions & offices
                                

sub menu toggle




                                                divisions & offices
 



                                                building standards commission
                                            



                                                california commission on disability access
                                            



                                                division of the state architect
                                            



                                                facilities management division
                                            



                                                office of administrative hearings
                                            



                                                office of audit services
                                            



                                                office of business and acquisition services
                                            



                                                office of fiscal services
                                            



                                                office of fleet and asset management
                                            



                                                office of human resources
                                            



                                                office of legal services
                                            



                                                office of public school construction
                                            



                                                office of risk and insurance management
                                            



                                                office of state publishing
                                            



                                                office of sustainability
                                            



                                                office of training and administrative standards
                                            



                                                procurement division
                                            



                                                real estate services division
                                            





                                resources
                                

sub menu toggle




                                                search all resources
 



                                                e-signature toolkit
                                            



                                                affordable housing development
                                            



                                                legislative reports
                                            



                                                statewide telework
                                            



                                                management memos
                                            



                                                state administrative manual (sam)
                                            



                                                state contracting manual
                                            



                                                statewide forms program
                                            



                                                strategic plan
                                            





press releases




careers




about




contact








how can we help?








 services for general public






 services for schools






 services for businesses






 services for the state











featured services  for general public

more services









attend public vehicle auctions 



fleet assets are posted online for public online bidding and may be viewed in person at bar none auction yards two (2) days prior to monthly public auction. 











apply and maintain casp certification 



qualified individuals can apply for certified access specialist (casp) certification through the division of the state architect (dsa) by establishing eligibility and passing the examination. 










acquire it equipment for public computer centers 



state agencies are authorized to provide surplus state-owned information technology equipment to qualified public computer centers for less than fair market value through the office of fleet and asset management.










view state surplus property auction online 



                        any person can participate in the state surplus property auction online by registering as a bidder through the office of fleet and asset management. 
                    









file government claim for eligible compensation 



any person can file a government claim for damages believed to be caused by the state of california due to the action or inaction of its employees.










report vehicle accident involving state employees 



any person involved in a vehicle accident with a state vehicle, is an attorney or an insurance carrier providing subrogation for your insured, must report it to the office of risk and insurance management.










request public records at dgs 



                        any person can make a public records request from the department of general services (dgs) that are not exempt from disclosure by statute or other authority. dgs has transitioned to govqa as intake for requests for public records as of july 1, 2024. 
                    









submit media requests 



members of the news media may request information about the department and records through the office of public affairs.












featured services  for schools

more services









access new construction funding for schools 



school districts that have a projected unmet need for student housing can locate funding opportunities under this service.










access full-day kindergarten facilities grant program funding 



the full-day kindergarten facilities grant program has been expanded to include california preschool, transitional kindergarten and full-day kindergarten. school districts that lack the facilities to provide preschool, transitional kindergarten, and/or full-day kindergarten instruction can locate funding opportunities under this service.










start construction project by submitting plans for review 



                        california public k–12 schools, community colleges,essential services buildings and various other state-owned and leased facilities must submit plans to the division of the state architect to ensure they comply with code requirements and obtain dsa approval before construction begins.
                    









certify construction projects  for school, essential services facilities 



california public k–12 schools, community colleges, and state-owned and leased essential services buildings must obtain certification of construction from the division of the state architect (dsa).










access career technical education facilities funding 



qualifying school districts and joint powers authorities that have a need for the construction of new facilities, modernization or reconfiguration of existing facilities, and equipment to integrate career technical education into comprehensive high schools can locate funding opportunities under this service.










track plan review process for school, essential services construction projects  



                        california public k–12 schools, community colleges, essential services buildings and various other state-owned and leased facilities can track every step of the division of the state architect's review and oversight of their construction project leading up to certification. 










buy state, federal surplus property for schools 



schools can obtain surplus state and federal personal property for sale at a fraction of the original cost through the office of fleet and asset management (ofam). 












featured services  for businesses

more services









apply for california multiple award schedules 



suppliers who are interested in becoming the california multiple award schedules (cmas) contractor can submit the application to the cmas unit.










apply for or re-apply as small business, disabled veteran business enterprise 



suppliers interested in small business (sb), small business for the purpose of public works (sb-pw) and/or disabled veteran business enterprise (dvbe) certification can apply, re-apply or access their profiles.










find state contracts 



state and local agencies can search for lpas such as cooperative agreements, statewide commodity contracts, statewide food contracts, master agreements, software licensing program contracts, state price schedules, and california multiple award schedules (cmas).










find state surplus real property 



state-owned real property identified as excess to the programmatic needs of the controlling department is listed online for state use or for sale to local agencies, affordable housing sponsors, and the public pursuant to government code section 11011 et seq.  










access state real property information 



state agencies and the general public may access the statewide property inventory (spi) database of all real property and leases held by the state, which is mandated by government code 11011.15.










dgs supplier payment 



vendors doing business with the department of general services (dgs) can check the status of a payment by sending an email to ofspsaspaymentinquiries@dgs.ca.gov












featured services  for the state

more services









find parking, electric charging stations at dgs-managed facilities 



state employees can find information on where they can park their vehicle at dgs-managed facilities through the office of fleet and asset management.










find location to repair state vehicle 



state agencies that need to resolve mobile equipment problems for dgs leased vehicles should contact the office of fleet and asset management’s (ofam) call center.










request ada document remediation 



state agencies may request ada remediation for their electronic documents to make them accessible to screen readers, allowing the visually impaired to hear an auditory version of the text and images.










request state building maintenance 



                        state agencies can request building repair needs through the customer service center 24 hours a day. 
                    









find cmas contractor 



state and local agencies can find a cmas contractor using a search application.










access state real property information 



state agencies and the general public may access the statewide property inventory (spi) database of all real property and leases held by the state, which is mandated by government code 11011.15.










install electric vehicle service equipment for state fleet, workplace charging 



state agencies that want to install electric vehicle infrastructure to charge both fleet and workplace electric or hybrid electric vehicles should contact the office of sustainability. 










reutilize state-owned surplus property for agencies 



state agencies can view and obtain still useful state-owned surplus personal property by following specific guidelines provided by the office of fleet and asset management’s state surplus property and reutilization (spr) program.










search for state-certified small and diverse businesses 



                        this webpage provides links to online directories of certified small businesses, disabled veteran business enterprises (dvbe), disadvantaged business enterprises (dbe), minority business enterprises (mbe), women business enterprises (wbe), lgbt business enterprises (lgbtbe), and persons with disabilities business enterprises (pdbe).
                    




















vision and goals 
2024-25 strategic plan


view the department's annual goals. this plan, like those we created over the prior six years, is full of ambitious goals – each a challenge to achieve, pushing dgs to stretch beyond the ordinary into new ways of thinking and acting.












tracking completed goals 
2023 year in review


read about dgs' collection of tangible accomplishments in which all employees can take pride.













dgs newsletter: the guide


provides quick information and resources on how to do business with us as well as other featured news, opportunities, and highlights.













water conservation at state facilities


learn how california state employees are making water conservation a way of life across all state facilities.












updated state telework guide 
california  state telework guide


the creation of the statewide telework dashboard, has replaced the department of general services specific dashboard and now includes data from fi$cal and california department of technology. for agencies that may want a dashboard tailored to their own operations, we have also added templates and instructions to assist you in creating your own telework dashboard. 













affordable housing development 
executive order on affordable housing development


to address the shortage of housing for californians, governor newsom ordered the department of general services (dgs) and the department of housing and community development (hcd) to identify and prioritize excess state-owned property and aggressively pursue sustainable, innovative, cost-effective housing projects. 










excellence in government 
we are dgs


watch this video to learn how we at the department of general services work hard every day to improve the way california does business.










excellence in the business of government! 
the department of general services (dgs) serves as business manager for the state of california.






            dgs serves the public by providing a variety of services to state agencies through procurement and acquisition solutions; real estate management and design; environmentally friendly transportation; professional printing, design and web services; administrative hearings; legal services; building standards; oversight of structural safety, fire/life safety and accessibility for the design and construction of k-12 public schools and community colleges; funding for school construction; and disability access.
        





 



gavin newsom

governor 
state of california
 

 



amy tong

secretary
government operations agency
 

 



ana m. lasso

director
department of general services
 










contact 


department of general services
                                    707 third st.
                                    west sacramento, ca 95605

call (916) 376-5000



     








connect with us

facebook
x
youtube
instagram
linkedin



view our blog


access dgs news, events and policy updates.


dgs newswire blog












back to top
accessibility
certification
employee corner
privacy policy statement





facebook
x
youtube
instagram
linkedin



copyright © 2018 state of california
























