




  





	home - 16th circuit court of jackson county, missouri















































skip over navigation






contact usemployment


site search












					home



					about the court



							locations & maps



							ada information



							civic education



							court history



							courthouse visits



							court calendar



							court public meetings



							covid-19 information



							emergency closings



							interpreter information



							judicial selection process



							links to other courts



							news media



							news releases



							public and legal notices



							security



							statistical information



							wedding information





					jury duty



							contact information



							qualifications, excuses & postponements



							juror login



							jury reporting updates



							juror faq



							jury process



							glossary of terms



							locations & maps



							jury orientation video





					our judges



							presiding judge



							circuit judges



							associate circuit judges



							commissioners



							visiting judges





					departments



							accounting and fiscal office (case financial information)



							finance and budget department



							civil process



							civil records



							court administration



							court information technology



							court services / purchasing



							criminal records



							family court



							human resources



							legal department



							probate



							public information 





					forms & fees



							civil fees and filing deposits



							civil forms



							court approved / self representation forms



							criminal forms



							family court fees and filing deposits



							family court forms



							probate filing fees



							probate forms



							surety qualifications





					court records & resources



							case.net



							delinquent land tax



							jury verdicts



							library & references



							orders and rules



							probate records



							surety qualifications



							electronic filing information



							stricken and inactive lawyers













great benefits 

health, life, dental and vision coverage
retirement
sick and annual leave (10 hours per month)
deferred compensation
discounts at recreational facilities
free parking
13 paid holidays a year!



helpful links:

careers
faq
forms
applicant rights underfederal employment laws








                     jury service is one of the most important civic duties you can perform. the protection of rights and liberties in circuit courts largely is achieved through the teamwork of judge and jury. you do not need any knowledge of the legal system to be a juror.
                     

helpful links:

locations & maps
qualifications, excuses& postponements
faq
juror login








                     "you know that being an american is more than a matter of where your parents came from. it is a belief that all men are created free and equal, and that everyone deserves an even break." 				 		  			president harry s. truman

					to get that even break, plaintiffs and defendants depend upon the legal expertise of attorneys to assist them in accessing the judicial system. 

                     

helpful links:

forms & fees
court rules
civil records
criminal records
probate records
electronic filing








                     the legal term for representing yourself is called
"pro se."  this section of the website has forms and instructions on how to file a petition.  court staff can provide some assistance about how to fill out the forms, but cannot provide legal advice. 
                     

helpful links:

forms & fees
locations & maps
civil records
court rules












                         the family court has exclusive, original jurisdiction in all matters involving marriage, child custody, adult abuse and neglect, and all related matters. in jackson county, these matters are heard in one of the three locations depending whether the case falls into the juvenile justice or marriage and family category. 
                     

helpful links:

family court home

victims
attorneys andself representation








                     "no person shall be deprived of life, liberty or property without due process of law."
					bill of rights, missouri constitution

					the function of court administration is to assure that justice is administered in accordance with these fundamental rights.

                     

helpful links:

general information
contacts
delinquent land tax
orders & rules









careers
for jurors
for attorneys
self representation
family court
court administration








kansas city courthouse
                            415 east 12th street
                            kansas city, mo 64106



eastern jackson countycourthouse
                            308 west kansas 
                            independence, mo 64050



albert riederercommunity justice complex
                            1315 locust
                            kansas city, mo 64106



family justice center
                            625 east 26th street
                            kansas city, mo 64108












presiding judge kevin d. harrell



on behalf of the judges and staff of the circuit court of jackson county, i would like to welcome you to our official website.
 

 












court public meetings





upcoming committee meetings














public & legal notices







courthouses opening at 10 a.m. february 5




courthouses will open at 10 a.m. january 10 due to weather




courthouses remain closed on january 7, 2025




16th circuit closed on january 6, 2025, due to weather




in re: closing of judicial offices on friday, november 29, 2024

















more public & legal notices...












news releases







attorney robert e. gordon appointed as family court commissioner




penrose named as juvenile officer for 16th circuit




harrell named as 16th circuit’s presiding judge




gov. mike parson names patrick c. edwards to division 4 judgeship




courthouse to be closed on november 29

















more news releases...



















covid-19 information




the court recognizes the need to assure the public is provided with information on procedures and processes that have been impacted by covid-19. we have collected all administrative orders, notices, and other information that litigants, lawyers, and the general public need in order to conduct court business within the county's courthouses. all information related to covid-19 will be kept in one location on our website and can be found here: covid-19.
to read more...












case.net & efiling



case.net is your access to the missouri state courts automated case management system which provides access to case records including docket entries, parties, judgments and charges in public court.
pay by web services are available within the case.net system.

the electronic filing information page provides links to the efiling attorney logon, where efilings can be created and submitted. other information includes training, announcements, documents and fees.













ada information




auxilliary aids and services
grievance procedures
contact information













important links




bid postings circuit court & family court
domestic violence council
jackson county website
local and state court websites
missouri attorney general
missouri bar
missouri child abuse and neglect hotline
missouri child support enforcement
missouri general assembly
missouri judiciary
missouri state website












public emergency notifications








directory
case.net
careers
privacy policy
site map


            16th circuit court 
            of jackson county missouri
            415 e 12th street
            kansas city, mo 64106
			

© 2012 16th circuit court of jackson county, missouri




















