













 the antique guild of alexandria, virginia - the antique guild of alexandria, virginia 





the antique guild of alexandria, virginia 
the antique guild of alexandria, virginia 
















 

contact us
close panel

 

 



call us now !


send us an email


find us on the map



 



the antique guild of alexandria, virginia 

home antique jewelry rings brooches earrings cameos and lockets bracelets necklaces charms cufflinks & watch chains silver jewelry antique silver sterling silver flatware sterling serving pieces sterling silver hollowware antique coin silver georgian silver other treasures porcelains and ceramics antique bronzes drinking and smoking directions faq contact us links 







 









searching










 


antique jewelry   antique silver    other treasures  directions    faq   links
 




email us at theantiqueguild@verizon.net
 




welcome to the antique guild of alexandria, virginia!
 








































we are an unique antique shop located in the heart of old town alexandria, virginia. since 1980, we have maintained an exceptional and exquisite selection of antique and estate jewelry. we adore fine silver, particularly dining accoutrements and other objets d'art simply for the pleasure of adornment in addition to function.current shop hors:thursday through saturday from 11am to 5pm we limit the number of customers to six in the shop at one time--- due to the small size of the shop and to give you the best personal attention possible;+]email us at theantiqueguild@verizon.net or dm us on instagram for an appointmentplease call us at 703-836-1048 if you have any questions.arrange an appointment with us at the shop during the rest of the week--if you would like to purchase an item 
 





 





 


 








 


 








 


 








 


 







with merchandise ranging from victorian-era pieces to estate jewelry, we always maintain an extensive sselection!
 





 


 








 


 








 


 








 


 








 





 


 








 


 








 


 








 


 







we fancy the figural in everything from european figurines depicting cupids to sterling patterns with heraldic heads and art nouveau flowers!
 





 


 







we are constantly on the hunt for treasures!please feel free to leave us a message for any specific requests via the web site by clicking   "contact us."
 





 



victorian stone cameo gold rings 


 







home
 





 


 








 


 








 


 







email us!  theantiqueguild@verizon.net
 



 

 





homeantique jewelryantique silverother treasuresdirectionsfaqlinks
 the antique guild  
113 north fairfax st.
alexandria, virginia 22314
 
 703-836-1048  
 toll free 1-800-518-7322











antique & estate jewelry at most reasonable prices!

antique & estate jewelry at most reasonable prices!











