     new & used car dealership | magic city cdjr bedford                             




                                                               magic city chrysler dodge jeep ram bedford        sales 540-586-8221    service 540-586-8221  parts 540-586-8221      1750 independence blvd bedford, va 24523                      service        map        contact                           magic city chrysler dodge jeep ram bedford            call 540-586-8221   directions                 home   new   search inventory   in stock inventory   schedule test drive   quick quote   trade appraisal   find my car   model showroom   explore electric vehicles     used   search inventory   under $25,000   courtesy vehicle specials   schedule test drive   quick quote   trade appraisal   find my car     gem   specials   specials   pre-owned specials   special programs	     work vehicle inventory   work vehicle inventory   shopping tools   commercial inventory   work truck and van catalogs   on the job	   business link	     service & parts   service department   schedule service   extended service plan   order parts   mopar auto parts   auto service     finance   finance department   get pre-approved   payment calculator   auto financing     about us   our dealership   careers   meet our staff   privacy policy     contact us   dealer information   hours & directions                      home   new   search inventory   in stock inventory   schedule test drive   quick quote   trade appraisal   find my car   model showroom   explore electric vehicles     used   search inventory   under $25,000   courtesy vehicle specials   schedule test drive   quick quote   trade appraisal   find my car     gem   specials   specials   pre-owned specials   special programs	     work vehicle inventory   work vehicle inventory   shopping tools   commercial inventory   work truck and van catalogs   on the job	   business link	     service & parts   service department   schedule service   extended service plan   order parts   mopar auto parts   auto service     finance   finance department   get pre-approved   payment calculator   auto financing     about us   our dealership   careers   meet our staff   privacy policy     contact us   dealer information   hours & directions               










search inventory

     vehicles available    filter your search   basic search advanced search search by stock   basic advanced by stock      new used    any year  any make  any model search     new used certified    any year  any make  any model  any body style  any price search     new used      search       





                                                                                                                                                 







special offers
view offers










schedule service
schedule now




      search new inventory     search used inventory        







finance
fill out our online credit application.




get pre-approved












service
schedule your next appointment today.




schedule service












trade
value your trade today.




value your trade






            shop by brand                                        pacifica      pacifica hybrid      voyager          charger      charger daytona       durango      hornet          compass      wrangler      wrangler unlimited      wrangler 4xe      grand cherokee      grand cherokee l      grand cherokee 4xe      gladiator          1500 trx      all-new 1500      1500 classic      ram 2500      ram 3500      ram chassis cab      promaster window van      ram promaster          grand wagoneer      wagoneer      wagoneer s               






find your next

chrysler, dodge, jeep, and ram
in bedford, va


view inventory




                businesslink members are always first in line for maintenance and repair work. with our dedicated account managers, you'll have a single point of contact who understands your business needs. learn more               

welcome

magic city chrysler dodge jeep ram bedford
the staff at magic city chrysler, dodge, jeep and ram bedford proudly offers the newest chrysler, dodge, jeep and ram cars in the bedford area. we also carry an impressive selection of used cars, trucks and suvs by the industry's top manufacturers. our experienced sales staff can point you in the right direction based on your individual vehicle needs.


more about us



     


    sales hours          monday 9:00am - 6:00pm    tuesday 9:00am - 6:00pm    wednesday 9:00am - 6:00pm    thursday 9:00am - 6:00pm    friday 9:00am - 6:00pm    saturday 9:00am - 6:00pm    sunday closed         service hours          monday 7:30am - 5:00pm    tuesday 7:30am - 5:00pm    wednesday 7:30am - 5:00pm    thursday 7:30am - 5:00pm    friday 7:30am - 5:00pm    saturday closed    sunday closed         parts hours          monday 7:30am - 5:00pm    tuesday 7:30am - 5:00pm    wednesday 7:30am - 5:00pm    thursday 7:30am - 5:00pm    friday 7:30am - 5:00pm    saturday closed    sunday closed        
     

magic city chrysler dodge jeep ram bedford
when you're looking for your next vehicle that will help you easily get around bedford, you first need to find a dealership that's focused on meeting your needs. luckily, lynchburg and bedford area shoppers that want to shop at a dealership with a great selection of vehicles can visit magic city chrysler dodge jeep ram bedford to find their ideal car, truck, or suv. learn about some of the services that we offer our consumers and take a look at some of our most enticing models.


outstanding vehicle inventory
there are a variety of reasons you should shop at our dealership, but the most exciting is having access to our fantastic stock of automobiles. we provide our consumers with an array of makes and models from some of the world's most popular auto manufacturers, making finding your next automobile quick, easy, and fun work.
if you visit our lot, you'll be able to check out a variety of can't-miss new and pre-owned models, allowing you to select a vehicle that offers a great price and exciting features. some of our best models include the jeep cherokee, grand cherokee, ram 1500, ram 2500, and renegade. we also provide dependable commercial vehicles if you're looking for an automobile for your business.


assistance with financing
while it would be nice to be able to purchase a car without financing, virtually every car consumer will need an auto loan before they can buy their next vehicle. if you're worried about the process of applying for your auto loan and would like a little help, you can make an appointment with our world-class financing team.
our financing professionals have experience working with customers with varying financial histories, including shoppers with poor credit. during your appointment, one of our financing experts can tell you about your loan options and walk you through the application so that your stress levels stay low. you can also fill out a finance application online so that you'll know your precise budget when you visit our lot to choose your car.


easy and effective service
from time to time, it's likely that your automobile will need maintenance or repairs, and our dealership is prepared to help you with this, as well. our service department can work with you to keep your vehicle on the road, including helping with regular maintenance tasks, repairs, and more. you can trust our techs to work on your vehicle the right way, as they are fca certified.
we can also help you purchase high-quality parts for your vehicle that will maintain optimal performance for thousands of miles and more.


come see us today
our auto group has served virginia car consumers since 1938, and our staff would be glad to assist you on your car shopping adventure. if you're finally ready to hit the road in bedford and lynchburg in the car of your dreams, then you need to come down to magic city chrysler dodge jeep ram bedford to take a look at our most outstanding inventory. whether you want to buy new or are interested in driving a pre-owned automobile, we can assist you in finding a vehicle that will match you exactly.


                      copyright © 2025 by dealeron | sitemap | privacy | magic city chrysler dodge jeep ram bedford | 1750 independence blvd , bedford, va 24523 | sales: 540-586-8221             





















          