







committee of concerned shareholders





 





independent
and/or accountable corporate director = oxymoron?           
"meaningless elections, where the outcome is decided in advance, fell out
of favor after the collapse of the berlin wall—except in corporate america."
(fortune magazine, 3/9/06, "fixing corporate boards") "what would you call an election in which voters are presented with only
one slate of candidates and informed that votes against that slate will not
matter?" (new york times, 4/4/03, "will s.e.c. allow shareholder
democracy?") "democracy is one of those funny concepts that most
people support until there's a danger they won't win." (cbs.marketwatch.com, 1/31/04, "fair elections? not for u.s. corporations")          
why
is it important to consider the lack of accountability for members of corporate
boards of directors, who oversee corporate behavior? corporations play a
significant role in influencing various aspects of our lives, including the
quality of food, the air we breathe, contributions to political candidates, and
even the ideas we are exposed to.





         
"directors, of course, have a fiduciary duty to look out for
shareholders. instead, many directors have simply served as rubber stamps
for the chief executives they are supposed to be overseeing." (nyt,
11/1/09, "when shareholders crack the whip")         
shareholders,
as the primary stakeholders of corporate entities, deserve a fair and unbiased
chance to elect directors who are truly independent. unfortunately, the current
situation does not always reflect this ideal.

 "donald trump may have popularized the phrase 'you're fired,' but it seems
that once you've reached certain rarefied strata in american life—far, far
removed from a mere apprenticeship—there is little danger of being
held accountable for your actions." (los angeles times, 12/8/04, "you're [not]
fired!") enhancing
the performance of corporate directors can be achieved through increased
accountability to shareholders. this can be accomplished by allowing
shareholders to vote out directors and replace them with candidates nominated by
shareholders. by establishing a economically feasible procedure for shareholders
to seek personal accountability of directors, management and directors will be
more inclined to prioritize the interests of shareholders. without such measures
in place, there is a risk of management and directors continuing with business
practices as usual, despite their fiduciary duty to shareholders.



         
"president bush has been
preaching the benefits of democracy to people throughout the middle east. 
but back home, corporate executives and securities regulators are making it
clear they do not believe that what is good for iraqis will be good for general
motors --- or any other public company." (nyt, 2/13/05, "no democracy
on these ballots") the business roundtable, in a thinly veiled attempt to
continue to skew
the corporate election process in favor of corporations, while ignoring
substantial shareholder interests,  petitioned
the sec. the committee submitted its responsive written comments
to the sec. the business roundtable and the chamber of commerce are desperate to defeat any
component of shareholder democracy. see, "corporate
cronies: how the bush administration has stalled a major corporate reform and
placed the interests of donors over the nation's investors" by public
citizen—congress watch (october 2004).           
on march 10, 2004, the committee of concerned shareholders was a panelist at the
sec's  security holder director nominations roundtable
 in washington, d.c., at which time the committee submitted its written comments. 
we published a behind-the-scenes prospective. (corporate governance,
march-april 2004, "report from the
front")          progress
appears to be stagnant.

 "richard
breeden, founder of activist investment fund breeden capital management ... like
many investors who try to pressure companies to change strategies or management
... invests only in companies that fall behind their peers. ... breeden's background

as

 a former sec chairman seems to give his campaigns more clout.... the former sec
chairman has harsh words for companies that try to fend off activists with
legions of lawyers and public relations firms to attack their motives and
strategies.  he says the sec is partly responsible for failing to require
corporate america
 to be more shareholder friendly, a rare public rebuke of the agency by a former
official. 'i would like to see them do more to advance the interests of
shareholders in corporate governance,' breeden said of the sec. 'they have
fallen short.'" (reuters, 1/22/08, "firms keep blocking activist
investor's goal")

            
recently, some have gotten the message. "on
august 31, 2022, the universal proxy rules adopted last year by the securities
and exchange commission [] will go into effect.  the rules require proxy
cards distributed by public companies and activist shareholders in a contested
director election to include both sides' director nominees, so that shareholders
can 'mix and match' nominees from the company's and dissident’s slates."
(the cls blue sky blog, 8/15/22, "revisiting corporate bylaws for the
universal proxy era") 
"previously, incumbent boards and activists sent separate voting
cards to shareholders, which had the effect of encouraging shareholders to vote
down the line for one side's slate. a universal card boosts the chances, experts
say, for activist-endorsed directors, while also saving activists the hefty
costs of
having to disseminate their own cards to as many as thousands of
shareholders. ... [3]7% of activist campaigns this year were launched by
first-timers...." (12/28/22, business insider, "everyone wants to be
an activist investor these days....")

 "shareholder
activism has come a long way since the corporate takeovers of the 1980s…. 
since the financial crisis, hedge funds and other activist firms have
grown into a huge industry, complete with firms known for waging public, and
sometimes embarrassing, crusades. last year, this group ran some 173 campaigns
for corporate change, spending roughly $42 billion….and with stocks in free
fall, the number of campaigns being waged is only likely to rise."
(11/23/22, business insider, "corporate
america is bracing for a rise in activist investing. meet the 13 lawyers on
speed-dial when companies and investors fight for boardroom control.")



 



 




 
pension
and mutual funds and the lack of better corporate governance
 
       
one
important question to consider in relation to pension funds and improving
corporate governance is: why are pension funds focusing on non-binding
shareholder resolutions when they have the ability, per current sec rules, to
nominate director-candidates through cost-effective proxy contests? by filing a
basic proxy statement and reaching out to institutional proxy voters,
significant influence can be achieved. this approach has been successful in our
experience. a group of concerned shareholders, comprising individual
investors who connected on a yahoo financial message board, conducted a campaign
against a nyse-listed company. we engaged with 80% of eligible voters, garnered
24% of the vote for our director-candidates slate, and led to the ousting of an
underperforming ceo. our total expenses were less than $15,000. it stands to
reason that well-funded pension funds could achieve even greater results with
companies in need of improved governance practices from the pool of 14,000
publicly traded companies. beginning with smaller firms and moving up the
hierarchy could attract attention from larger corporations. the prospect of
repercussions could prompt positive change.





       
"vanguard group founder  john bogle says that
direct ownership of stocks has shifted from control by individuals to mutual
funds and institutions that often fail to act in the best interests of small
investors." (marketwatch, 10/13/05, "bogle battles the fund
business") "some investors …  have for
years taken on lackluster management, while public pension plans and others have
leveled criticisms over lax corporate governance issues, excessive pay and
cronyism on their boards.  but today,
activists are having more impact because they are more willing to engage in
proxy fights to replace executives or other steps, something pension plans shied
away from.  bernard black, a professor at the university of texas at austin,
argued in a 1998 paper that previous activists 'don't conduct proxy fights,
and don't try to elect their own candidates to the board of directors ... the
institutions achieve the effects on firm performance that one might expect from
this level of effort -- namely, not much.'"  (wall
street journal,
11/23/05, "big shareholders are shouting ever louder --- activists pressure
executives to unlock value, even using pirate, bulldog in their monikers")
 


 

       
even without proxy contests, institutional investors have the ability to ensure accountability among boards of directors.
"[t]hose
in charge of our retirement accounts, pensions and savings: mutual funds and
professional money management firms that, as institutional investors, control 70
percent of the shares of large public companies today. such an outsize stake
means that the institutions wield great power and influence over corporate america. yet, as mr. (john c.) bogle points out, few institutions have played an active
role in board structure and governance, director elections, executive
compensation, stock options proxy proposals or dividend policies at the
companies they own. 'given their forbearance as corporate citizens,' mr. bogle
said, 'these managers arguably played a major role in allowing the managers of
our public corporations to exploit the advantages of their own agency.'  ...
'the funds should demand with all their voting power that the companies they own
are putting the interests of their shareholders first,' he said. 'this would
have implications for executive compensation, nominating directors, and other
corporate governance matters. mr. bogle doesn't think that the mutual fund
industry will rush to embrace his idea. the powerhouses in the business have
battled fiercely against attempts to shine sunlight on their practices or rid
their operations of conflicts."  (nyt,
4/12/09, "he doesn't let money managers off the hook")

 

       
"institutional asset managers,
overseeing trillions of other peoples' investment dollars, carry enormous
clout across corporate america. they can use the power and weight of their
clients' shares in public companies to vote for change on crucial matters, like
outsize executive pay and anti-investor antics in the boardroom. too bad, then,
that so many of these managers choose instead to support the status quo, even
when investors are ill served. … blackrock and vanguard control
a combined $9 trillion in assets, so how they vote their investors' shares could
not be more important. their votes can hold boards and company executives
accountable for their actions. … according to proxy insight, a data analytics
firm that tracks shareholder votes, blackrock voted in favor of 95.4 percent of
management-sponsored proposals last year, while vanguard sided 94.7 percent of
the time with management. such support suggests that today's corporations are
models of perfection, requiring little change in the way they operate and serve
shareholders. it seems unlikely that clients of blackrock and vanguard agree
with that view. … blackrock and vanguard are not the only asset managers who
act as a rubber stamp for corporate management. … one thing is certain: both
asset managers could [do] far more to hold … management[s] and board[s] to
account before now." (5/19/17, nyt, "dubious corporate practices get a
rubber stamp from big investors")

  

       
"put
off by what they see as exorbitant pay for mylan executives, some big pension
funds are attempting to block the re-election of a number of board members,
including chairman and former ceo robert coury, who received $100 million last
year. … the new york city and new york state comptrollers both signed a letter
sent to shareholders, as did a representative of the california state
teachers' retirement system and pggm, a dutch pension fund. the
institutional investment funds say they want mylan nv … held accountable for a
"'costly record of compensation, risk and compliance failures.'"
(associated press,
5/31/17, "a
pushback by investors over executive pay at mylan") who is supposed to hold mylan accountable?
directors only need 1 favorable vote to be re-elected! until these investment
funds propose director candidates, their purported efforts are ineffective.
accountability starts when institutional investors learn that it is not
sufficient only to wound the king.
       




 




 





topic searches




       
our lengthy website contains a table of
contents with many links. 
however, many of our comments/opinions on specific topics, e.g. "financial
statement analysis," "disney,"
"buffett," "fannie mae," "minutes,"
"lipton," may be scattered throughout the website.  using
your favorite search engine, insert "site:www.concernedshareholders.com (search
topic)" to locate a particular search topic. further, please to return to this website from time to time as its content is updated frequently.
 





 
 
 
committee of concerned shareholders
 
 
i.         
history of the committee
ii.       
the real problem with
corporate governance
           
a.    directors
are beholden to ceos and consensual
                   
1.    shareholders
should be concerned as to how board members magically appear
                   
2.   
ceos
seek "consensual" directors and shorten the longevity of
directors who are otherwise
                   
3.    bods
and management engage in reciprocal enrichment at shareholders' expense
                          
a.  ceos get theirs   
                          
b.  reciprocal
enrichment  
           
b.    the
director clique
           
c.    directors have been asleep
at the wheel
                   
1.    unprepared
for bod meetings


                   
2.    allowing
improper compensation and/or pay without performance
                          
a.  improper
backdating of stock options 
                          
b.  retention
bonuses in bankruptcy proceedings
                   
3.    unwilling
to challenge management


                   
4.    reliance
upon suspect information


                   
5.    no shame


                   
6.    failure
to understand or use financial statement analysis
                   
7.    failure
to understand transaction
           
d.    
"certain
relationships and related transactions"
           

e.    lame excuses
           
 f.    lame ideas
           

g.    unworkable purported
safeguards
                 
  1.   
director
"independence" is a myth
                   
2.    former
directors won't spill the beans
                   
3.    current
sec rules rule-out effective proxy campaigns by individual investors 
                   
4.    shareholders
cannot rely upon institutional shareholders
                          
a.    just
vote "withhold" is for wimps
                          
b.    majority-vote
standard is a sham
                          
c.    institutional
shareholders might form groups, but companies can promptly cause  defections
                          
d.    promises,
promises
                          
e.    glass houses
                          
f.    advisors
to institutional shareholders are conflicted
                          
g.    exceptions
prove the rule
                                 
(1)    corporations
fight back with take over defenses 
                                 
(2)    exceptions
to exceptions
                   
5.    corporate
attorneys
decry potential evidence
                   
6.    lawsuits, but no director accountability
                   
7.    internal
investigations are riddled with conflicts of interest
                   
8.    sec
is reluctant to act against non-executive directors
                   
9.    media
stunts mask maintaining status quo
                 
10.    lawsuits
and political pressure and distant meeting silence critics
                 
11.    non-binding
shareholder proposals are a waste of time
                 
12.    criminal
sentencing guidelines will not motivate directors
                 
13.    "fairness
opinions" are unfair
                 
14.    ballot box
capers
                 
15.    bankruptcy
court cover-up
                 
16.   call
for moral responsibility is a joke 
                 
17.   better
disclosure of ceo compensation adds fuel to the fire
                 
18.   ask
questions of directors at annual meeting of shareholders
                 
19.   demand
to inspect the company's books and records
                 
20.   former
outside auditors won't spill the beans
                 
21.   how
public fund managers have sold out
           

h.   a very viable solution
iii.      
a simple/effective solution
iv.      
other
plans (unequal "equal access") are flawed
v.        
sarbanes-oxley act is not
effective
vi.      
problems with
the new rule
vii.     
problems with sec
disclosure requirements
viii.   
big business
opposes the sec's minimal efforts
ix.      
sample
responses from
individual investors
x.       
shareholders unite!
- petition for rulemaking (sec file no. 4-461)
           
disclaimer
           
sponsor
 
     




history
of the committee



 
 
       
 the
committee of concerned shareholders, formerly known as the committee of
concerned luby's shareholders, was a group of individual shareholders who
organized in 2000 on a yahoo! finance message board. this group was the first
grass-roots shareholder group to conduct a formal proxy fight. luby's, which was
headquartered in san antonio, texas at the time, was a 235-unit cafeteria chain
with annual sales of approximately $500 million and its shares were listed on
the new york stock exchange. 

 the
director-nominees of the committee received 24% of the votes cast, and two
shareholder proposals that they supported, such as the removal of anti-takeover
defenses and annual election of all directors, received about 60% of the votes
cast. as a result of the committee's efforts, luby's agreed to allow any board
of director member to place an item on a board meeting agenda, whereas
previously only the chairman or ceo could set agenda items. the committee's
expenses were kept minimal, totaling less than $15,000 due to a member with
legal and computer background providing services free of charge. the committee
was successful in soliciting approximately 80% of potential votes. the
director-nominees of the committee received 24% of the votes cast, and two
shareholder proposals that they supported, such as the removal of anti-takeover
defenses and annual election of all directors, received about 60% of the votes
cast. as a result of the committee's efforts, luby's agreed to allow any board
of director member to place an item on a board meeting agenda, whereas
previously only the chairman or ceo could set agenda items. the committee's
expenses were kept minimal, totaling less than $15,000 due to a member with
legal and computer background providing services free of charge. the committee
was successful in soliciting approximately 80% of potential votes. see, e.g.,  "shareholders unite!"
(kiplinger's personal finance magazine, 5/1/02)("shareholders
unite! fed
up with falling prices, luby's shareholders took matters into their own hands....
their coup attempt holds lessons for activist investors.")
 
        
the committee has responded to sec requests for comments on various proposed
rules, e.g., "security holder director
nominations," and rebuttal to
comments by wachtell,
lipton, rosen and katz;  "internet
availability of proxy materials"; "possible changes to proxy rules"
and rebuttal
to comments by the afl-cio; "executive compensation and related
part disclosure"; "disclosure
regarding nominating committee functions and communications between security
holders and boards of directors"; and "facilitating
shareholder nominations."  in response to the business roundtable's petition for rulemaking concerning
shareholder communications (sec file no. 4-493), the committee's comments
to the sec describe our efforts to obtain shareholder lists from luby's and
asked the sec to "thoroughly consider eliminating the unreasonable hoops
through which corporations cause shareholders to jump in order to obtain
shareholder lists."
 
      
a
background paper prepared by the  council of institutional investors, which represents more than 130 pension funds with more than $3
trillion in assets, stated that the petition for rulemaking (sec file no. 4-461), jointly filed on
august 1, 2002 with the sec by the committee and james
mcritchie, editor of corpgov.net, has "re-energized" the "debate
over shareholder access to management proxy cards to nominate directors and
raise other issues."  (cii,
"equal
access – what is it?" california public employees' retirement system
["calpers"], investment committee, agenda item 8d, 3/17/03)  the sec is considering various changes.
"[i]n
filing the original rulemaking petition (sec file no. 4-461) with the sec that
set this change in motion." (sri.advisor.com, 10/9/03, "sec opens
proxy to shareowner-nominated directors, critics bemoan triggers,
thresholds")  "equal access is quickly
becoming one of the fiercest corporate governance issues being debated...." (financial times, 3/25/03, "sec under pressure on board
nominations")
 
       
the committee and/or its activities have been mentioned in numerous
publications, e.g.,  "democratic
shift: shareholders demanding a larger role in the running of corporations"
 (san antonio express-news, 8/26/00), "online grousing over luby's escalates
to proxy solicitation" (wsj.com, 10/25/00), "luby's
shareholders group making a move for changes" (san antonio business
journal, 10/27/00),  "luby's
asks shareholders not to vote for dissident slate" (dow jones news, 11/06/00), "a place at the
table" (christian science monitor, 11/20/00), "luby's
shareholders lose fight" (saen, 1/12/01), "luby's
defeats proxy fight by web-connected group" (wsj.com, 1/12/01), "luby's proxy fight
shows readiness to act" (usa today, 1/14/01), "get
outta here!" (corporate board member, spring 2001),  "shareholders unite!"
(kiplinger's personal finance magazine, 5/1/02)("shareholders
unite! fed
up with falling prices, luby's shareholders took matters into their own hands....
their coup attempt holds lessons for activist investors."), "mad
as hell --- what can you do about it: voices in the corporate wilderness"

(thestreet.com, 10/15/02), "revenge
of the investor"  (businessweek, 12/16/02), "shareholders
battle corporate 'coronations'" (chicago tribune, 3/30/03), "heard
off the street: message posters take their dismay to the boardroom"
(pittsburgh post-gazette, 4/21/03),  "investors, stirred up
by scandals, rally for corporate democracy" (wsj, 7/9/03), "sec may aid rebels seeking board
seats" (washington post, 8/6/03), "heard
off the street: sec dabbles in democracy with changes in elections of
directors" (pittsburgh post-gazette, 10/13/03), "watchdog
challenges ceo pay" (lat, 10/21/03), "shareholder's
rights" (sound money, 7/24/04); "sec
plan may alter board elections" (pittsburgh post-gazette, 5/31/09); "shareholders
won't use proxy access powers" (pensions & investments, 6/17/09).  
       
various publications have printed
our letters to the editor, e.g., "director
accountability at corporations" (csm, letters, 11/4/03), "ruling
on the rule" (cfo magazine, 11/08/04), "sec rules won't improve boards
gone bad" (wsj, letters, 12/6/04),  "calpers shake-up
still reverberates" (lat, letters, 12/8/04), "executives
must be made accountable" (lat, letters, 1/3/05), "accountability
of ceos and boards of directors" (lat, letters, 4/29/05), "fear
will motivate corporate changes" (lat, letters, 5/12/05),  "weakness
in disney ex-directors' fraud suit" (lat, letters,
5/15/05); "proxy voting caveat" (wsj,
letters, 12/03/05), "institutional
investors' attention to governance wins approval"
(wsj, letters, 4/15/06), "401(k)s and costs to
savers" (lat, letters, 4/28/06), "don't
blame shareholders: they're just sitting ducks" (wsj, 6/6/06), "company
directors must be more accountable" (lat, letters, 8/6/06),
"'corporate democracy' ultimately means improved shareholder value"
(wsj, 1/04/07), "direct proxy access gaining
momentum" (national post, 4/14/07), "guest
commentary" (corporate governance news, 4/23/07), "pappas
votes help luby's survive second revolt by shareholders" (houston
business journal, 1/18/08), "e-proxy
fails to ignite proxy battles" (agenda, 3/10/08), "boeing
billions keep coming" (lat, letters, 1/7/20).
       
several books have mentioned the committee's
efforts, e.g., "a practical guide to sec proxy and compensation rules"
by goodman and olsen, "corporate governance"
by monks and minow, 
"the edgar online guide to
decoding financial statements: tips, tools and techniques for becoming a savvy
investor" by taulli, "meetings
of stockholders" by balotti, finkelstein & williams, "corporate
governance 2004: preparing for the next wave of disclosure & board changes"
by doty,  "house of plenty" by dawson and johnston, and "money
for nothing --- how the failure of corporate boards is ruining american
business and costing us trillions" by gillespie and zweig ("[a] grass
roots campaign ... success [that] has not been replicated. .... when
shareholders try to change a company's direction, sometimes commitment matters
more than wealth. ... [t]he current proxy access measures are direct descendants
of [petition for rulemaking 4-461]....")
  
       
you may view a copy of the committee's proxy
statement and fight letters ("luby's
needs watchdogs on its board of directors," "shareholders
need their own 'watchdogs' on the bod to mind the store and to make sure that
their concerns are heard," "what
is the bod's understanding of the concept of accountability,"
"now, more than ever, 'watchdogs'
are needed on the bod," "what
is the bod's concept of the 'golden rule'?") by clicking upon the
respective links.
 
       
shareholders expressed gratitude for the
committee's efforts and the committee expressed
its thanks to its supporters.
 
top
 




the
real problem with corporate governance



 
 
       
we have entered into an age of widespread investor skepticism over nearly all
aspects of corporate governance. scandals are sapping investor
confidence. with the financial shenanigans at enron, worldcom, global crossing, tyco,
adelphia, lucent, xerox, qwest,
ahold nv, peregrine and
other public companies permeating the news, many are seeking ways to improve corporate
governance and, in particular, director accountability to shareholders. solutions involving better disclosure and stiffer penalties miss the big
picture. additional disclosure has  not caused management and/or directors
to abandon
acts of greed and conflicts of
interests. tweaking rules and regulations at the margins will only minimally improve the quality
of corporate governance.
 
       
the powers-that-be will vigorously seek to maintain the status quo.
it took the sarcasm/wisdom of molly ivins to summarize the
situation. "if you look around on almost any level, you'll notice
that people who have special advantages almost always manage to convince
themselves that they are entitled to those advantages. ... [p]eople will just
get outraged if you try to correct even the most glaring inequities -- that
sense of entitlement to special privilege is really tricky. almost
everyone who has previously enjoyed an advantage and is suddenly forced onto a
level playing field will feel cheated, treated unfairly, singled out for
undeserved punishment." (working for change, 9/25/03, "greed and
grasso")
 
       
the real problem with corporate governance is the lack of an effective procedure
by which directors can be held personally accountable for their actions, e.g.,
voted out of office and replaced by candidates nominated by shareholders.  shareholders (the true owners of corporate america)
should have the legal right to nominate truly
independent director-candidates and cause the names of those candidates to
appear on the company's ballot.  "[s]hareholders have no
meaningful way to nominate or to elect candidates short of waging a costly proxy
contest." (the conference board, 1/9/03, "commission on public trust and
private enterprise - findings and recommendations")  for the most part,
incumbent directors have no  real concern
about their personal accountability to shareholders.  "[i]t is
especially difficult to remove a director for poor performance ... [n]on-performing
directors ... were allowed to stay because the chairman felt it was not worth
the effort or embarrassment to remove them.  ... '[o]ne of the most
difficult tasks confronting boards now is what to do with underperforming
directors'..." (globe and mail, 3/15/03, "the boardroom and its
cast of characters") "'the biggest obstacle to a
good board is arrogance,' raber [roger raber, president of the national
association of
corporate directors] said. 'with some directors, there is a sense of
entitlement. ... "i'm here as long as i want to be."'" (lat,
7/22/02,  "crisis in corporate america")
 
       
"the problems of the yahoo board are endemic in corporate america. shareholders put their
faith in and entrust their money to directors to manage the company and counter
a chief executive if need be. but when things get tough, boards become captive
of executives or bankers or they simply leave. the recent case of dynegy
illustrates this. rather than stay to fix the mess the directors created, the
entire dynegy board resigned when shareholders rejected its efforts to sell the
company. the reasons are interrelated. too often directors don't have enough
skin in the game to push the company in a strong direction. directors' pay
averages less than a $100,000 a year, typically far less than what they earn in
their full-time jobs. they do not own substantial stock in their companies and
face no risk if things go wrong. even if directors are given incentives to take
strong action, the corporate board is not set up for this type of
decision-making. directors work part time to manage the company. it's tough
getting any group to agree on anything, let alone to challenge chief executives.
boards thus naturally tend to rely on the top executives and advisers. board
collegiality and friendships among directors and with the chief executive often
also mean that no director takes a disruptive stance. all these factors work to
prevent directors from taking charge of a company or forging their own vision, a
sobering thought for those who advocate greater board power." (nyt,
9/20/11, dealb%k: "a weak board at yahoo stumbles in a series of
missteps")
 
       
"william donaldson, (former) chairman of the securities and exchange
commission ... compared the current system of electing corporate directors, in
which the incumbent board nominates a slate and the ballots it sends out have no
other candidates, to elections in the soviet union.  'it's not really an
election at all,' he said." (international heard tribune, 5/6/04,
"who cares if the bosses are angry?")
 
       
rich koppes, coordinator of stanford's institutional investors' forum and
fiduciary college, member of the advisory board of the national association of
corporate directors and former general counsel of the calpers, stated, "as a director
of three public companies.... too often, in my experience, boardrooms are full
of directors that still don't understand that they have a fiduciary duty
to shareholders at large. ... i think we have too much in boardrooms today a
feeling that you have kind of a divine right to continue on the board without
anybody challenging that assumption." (thecorporatecounsel.net,
5/21/03, webcast transcript "shareholder access to the ballot") 
hopefully, koppes does not sit silently, but timely informs his fellow bod members
that they do have fiduciary duties to shareholders.
 
       
"[a] large proportion of u.s.
 investors believe financial and accounting regulations governing publicly held
companies are still too lenient, according to a wall street journal
online/harris interactive personal-finance poll. the online survey of 1,248
investors … found that 55% believe corporate governance regulations are too
lenient, and that percentage jumps to 77% of investors ages 45-54. … this
skeptism about the financial practices of public companies has led almost a
third of investors to reduce or divest their holdings in a company due to poor
governance… a majority of american investors believe responsibility for
corporate governance lies primarily with the company's board of directors: …
but the poll shows nearly two-thirds of investors surveyed don't believe boards
of directors are effective in overseeing the companies they govern. … 
42% of those polled say punishment for poor corporate governance should be
directed at boards of directors… [s]ays robert fronk, senior vice president at
harris interactive. 'they're saying, someone needs to take personal
responsibility, someone needs to pay the price.'"  (wsj,
10/14/05, "investors are skeptical of success of sarbanes-oxley, poll
finds")

 

       
"investor complaints about executive pay are getting louder and angrier,
but ceos are likely to keep raking it in for some time to come. they think they
deserve their steep payouts even when their performance has been far from
stellar. … certainly, boards have become more independent in the past four
years…. yet, because ceos have influence over who gets on the board -- the
only board slate offered to shareholders is the one proposed by management --
directors are careful not to offend them. … nothing will change until
shareholders gain the ability to easily replace directors. call it the fear
factor: if directors knew they stood a good chance of losing their board seats
-- and the prestige and valuable business connections these provide -- unless
they aligned themselves with shareholders, they might stop forking over so much
and narrow the gap between what ceos and their managers and employees get. to
get there requires changing corporate laws and practices. as a first step …
shareholders gain the power to place director candidates on corporate ballots
and to initiate and adopt changes in corporate charters. under current rules,
shareholders can only pass nonbinding resolutions and must wage costly proxy
fights to nominate a dissident director slate." 
(wsj, 6/26/06, "sky-high payouts to top executives prove hard to
curb")

 
       
"[s]hareholders deserve some rights of ownership.  if they can't elect
the directors who represent their interests, what can they do?  moreover,
strong oversight by shareholders should reduce the need for regulatory
oversight." (wsj, 11/22/06, "pivotal fight looms for shareholder
democracy")

       
aficionados of corporate governance might view reports dealing with
director misconduct and preventive procedures at worldcom and enron
---  "restoring
trust" by richard c. breeden, corporate monitor, report
of investigation by the special investigative committee of the board of
directors of worldcom, inc. and /or final
report of neal batson, court-appointed examiner.
 
        
a.     
directors
are beholden to ceos and consensual
 
      
directors are very much beholden to
management and fellow directors, as opposed to shareholders!  the present system to select/nominate/retain corporate directors is rife with conflicts of
interests.
 
       
"instead of serving as watchdogs for shareholders who elect them, corporate
directors too often act as lapdogs for the executives who handpick them. at a
minimum, the breakdown of board accountability has resulted in stock losses for
investors. at worst, it has contributed to corporate wrongdoing." (usa
today, 4/27/03, editorial/opinion - "behind many errant ceos hide weak
corporate boards")
 
      
the problem is that beholden and consensual directors engage in "groupthink" and do not
make the best decisions on behalf of shareholders.  "the psychologist  irving janis invented the word 'groupthink' in 1972 to
describe the process in which a group makes foolish choices.  each member
of the group tailors his or her view to fit the consensus.  signs of
groupthink include the ignoring of expert opinion, selective use of evidence and
the illusion of omnipotence. ... the price of groupthink is that, at some point,
reality intrudes." (lat, 6/3/04, opinion)  "it isn't merely that
members of the group think alike but that they come to overvalue the harmonious
functioning of the group." (lat, 7/11/04, commentary: "'groupthink
isn't the cia's problem")  "numerous
studies show that good people can make bad decisions when acting in groups,
particularly in stressful situations.  …
('group-think' pressures can be mitigated by involving) more people, and
rotating in new people with fresh perspectives…. more critical eyes help root
out potential problems and facilitate solutions. …directors need to place a
high priority on the airing of objections…." (seattle times, 6/15/04,
"good corporate ethics start with
rooting out 'group think'")

       
"in his classic 1972 book, 'groupthink,' irving l. janis, the yale
psychologist, explained how panels of experts could make colossal mistakes.
people on these panels, he said, are forever worrying about their personal
relevance and effectiveness, and feel that if they deviate too far from the
consensus, they will not be given a serious role. they self-censor personal
doubts about the emerging group consensus if they cannot express these doubts in
a formal way that conforms with apparent assumptions held by the group. ... from
my own experience on expert panels, i know firsthand the pressures that people
— might i say mavericks? — may feel when questioning the group consensus.
... i felt the need to use restraint. while i warned ... i did so very gently,
and felt vulnerable expressing such quirky views. deviating too far from
consensus leaves one feeling potentially ostracized from the group, with the
risk that one may be terminated. ... i feared criticism for gratuitous alarmism.
and indeed, such criticism came. ... the notion that people are making huge
errors in judgment is not appealing. in addition, it seems that concerns about
professional stature may blind us to (what) ... we are witnessing.... we all
want to associate ourselves with dignified people and dignified ideas. ...
people compete for stature, and the ideas often just tag along." (nyt,
11/2/08, "challenging the crowd in whispers, not shouts")
 
       
"the firing of a ceo used to
be a rare event -- even the worst of them often managed to cling to power with
remarkable tenacity. in the past two years, however, ceo firings have become
commonplace. … what has happened here is a sea change in the way american
businesses are run. and it has happened in a stunningly short period of time.
just a few years ago, ceos still handpicked most members of their boards, and
most boards gave their ceos a long leash -- or no leash at all. today's boards
look very different. directors are picked by a nominating committee, not by the
ceo. and increasingly, shareholders and their advocates have some say in that
selection…. the end result: boards are much less beholden to their ceos, and
much more susceptible to outside pressure, than ever before. … add to that mix
the anger of shareholders who are upset about low returns and inflated ceo
compensation, and you have the makings of a revolution." (wsj, 8/23/06,
"leash gets shorter for beleaguered ceos") 
this story is overly optimistic, but still casts directors as, in effect,
benevolent dictators. however, since directors control the proxy machinery and,
thus, are not nominated or truly elected by shareholders, they remain
effectively unaccountable. there are over 14,000 corporations with publicly
traded securities.  events at a few
does not a sea change make.
 
               
1.   
shareholders should be concerned as to how board members magically appear
 
      
the process by which ceos, in effect, select members of boards of directors is seriously flawed. 
in order to mask details of the secretive process,
news releases may vaguely state that the persons were "appointed,"
"joined," "brought
on," "called," "chosen," "hired,"
"interviewed," "recommended" or "recruited."
why
are ceos permitted to "call" upon, "interview,"
"hire," "recommend" and/or "recruit" the persons
who are supposed to be the shareholders' "watchdogs" of his/her
activities?  even if shareholders know the details and
do not approve of the process by which board members are selected, for all
practical purposes, there is currently nothing shareholders can do to change it. 
those directors are very much
more beholden to the person who brought them to the
dance than to shareholders!
 
      
"wework
has brought in a slate of new board
members…. wework appointed four new independent directors…. businesses in financial distress often add
restructuring experts as independent members of their boards….
[a] 2021 study by academics at the university of california college
of the law, san francisco and tel aviv university[] … argued that despite their designation as independent, these directors
can still suffer from bias in crafting restructuring terms because they have
financial incentives to build reputations for being friendly to the companies
and lawyers that help them land similar gigs in the future." (wsj, 8/9/23,
"wework taps directors with
bankruptcy chops after board resignations;
the co-working company replaced directors who resigned with experts in large
financial restructurings as it raised doubt that it can stay in business")
directors are "brought in," "appointed" or "add[ed]."
and what do the shareholders have to do with this process of selecting their
representatives? managements (that ran the company to the ground) and the
lawyers they hire make the determination. this is what is called corporate
autocracy.

 
 
      
"during the last
four-and-one-half decades i have spent sitting on five public and 16 non-public
boards, i never once saw a board member being proposed by the nominating
committee. typically, one director alone along with the c.e.o., or, the c.e.o.
alone proposed nominees. the nominating committee merely vetted. that, as they
say, is life. /s/ phil
johnson"
(corporate governance leadership blog, 4/17/06, "sing it again, frank ...
that's life ") what action, if any, did mr. johnson take when he observed that corporate nominating committees were
being bypassed?  
 
      
"ms. teslik [former executive director, council of institutional investors] cites how difficult it is
for shareholders to elect a director other than those handpicked by management
--- even though the directors, in theory, represent the shareholders. 'our
system allows executives to pick the boards who are supposed to police them,'
she says." (wsj,
7/16/02,  "wall street rushes
toward washington, flees responsibility") for all practical
purposes, management and fellow directors select director-candidates and cause them to be "elected." 
management uses shareholders' assets to conduct proxy solicitation
efforts on behalf of the candidates selected by management and fellow directors. there is little likelihood that management will desire, select or
support
candidates who are inclined to ask "tough questions" on behalf of
the shareholders.  further, directors, who do not cooperate with management
and/or fellow directors, will  not be asked to serve
an additional term. directors know the score. yet, while dependent on management
and their fellow directors for their longevity, directors
still have a fiduciary duty to all shareholders to monitor management's
actions.
 
       
former tyco international director  wendy
lane discussed the director selection process.  "how did you get on
tyco's board? ... i went to a wharton conference, and  dennis (kozlowski) was
acting ceo in a case study.... we were role-playing a board meeting....
apparently he liked my answer.  he asked me onto the tyco board." 
(corporate board member, special legal issue 2003, "tyco director says,
'i've fallen off the cliff'")  
       
the newly minted ceo of tyco international decided to and did replace the entire bod. 
he used "hard-nosed salesmanship" to dispose of the former directors. 
one can only wonder what that euphemism really means. 
"it was (ed) breen's first day at tyco, and the new ceo had several
important visitors. … [s]even major shareholders, representing 15% of tyco's
ownership … made a simple demand: that breen replace the majority of the board
of directors right away. … breen decided to go further than that—and
replace the entire board. 'to reassure investors, we had to go overboard
on corporate governance,' he says.  but
the process required hard-nosed salesmanship. … breen asked the
directors to vote that none of the veterans of the kozlowski era could stand for
reelection at the next annual meeting in early 2003. … with the vote
deadlocked at 5-5, breen cast the deciding vote to replace the entire board."
 (fortune,
11/15/04, "mr. cleanup")  this
was not an instance of going "overboard on corporate governance," it was an
instance of going overboard. 
in effect, the entire bod abandoned the ship. 
tyco's stock price has subsequently increased, but does the end justify
the means with every member of the new bod beholden to breen?
 
       
"worldcom said it had not used an
executive search firm to attract the board members and declined to provide
information about how broad a pool of candidates it had been able to
assemble." (nyt, 8/30/03, "five are chosen to join board of a
reorganized worldcom") "utstarcom
inc. (internet protocol networking concern) … hired korn/ferry for a board
search…. korn/ferry … arranged interviews with prospects, who included  jeff
clarke and  allen lenzmeier. … utstarcom paid korn/ferry $75,000 after mr.
clarke, chief operating officer of computer
associates international inc., joined its board…. mr. lenzmeier, a best
buy co. vice chairman, took his directorship… utstarcom didn't pay the
$70,000 promised korn/ferry for placing him." (8/16/05, wsj,
"korn/ferry alleges theft of confidential client data by a former star
recruiter")  
 
       
"[n]ewly appointed director  jon f. 'jack'
hanson ... says mr. scrushy invited him to join its board because they casually
knew each other from serving ... on the board of the national football
foundation and college football hall of fame. several months before mr.
hanson got his healthsouth directorship, the company donated $425,000 to the
football foundation...." (wsj, 4/11/03, "board members had lucrative
links at healthsouth")  
 
       
"enron ceo  kenneth lay called to ask him to
fill a board seat expected to be vacant soon..." (wsj, 12/24/02, "ties
to two tainted firms haunt a top doctor")
"jeff rodek, ceo of software maker  hyperion solutions, interviewed
candidates for the company's board ….  rodek
… has  hired one new director and is looking for another." (cfo
magazine, october 2000, “corporate governance – empty seats on the
board")  
 
       
"williams h. webster … had until recently headed the
auditing committee of a company that was facing fraud accusations…. at the
center of the investigation and the suits … is … the company's chairman
and chief executive, who recruited mr. webster and other prominent washington
figures to serve on its board... 
the board members included  george mitchell, the former senate majority
leader, and  beth dozoretz, the former finance chairwoman of the democratic
national committee." (nyt, 10/31/02, "audit overseer cited problems
in previous post")  "ceos are scrambling ... to recruit fresh board
members..." (wsj, 11/19/02, "building a board that's independent,
strong and effective")  
 
       
"(question)
in your experience,
what kind of due diligence do potential directors normally do before accepting a
position? (answer by morrison & foerester
partner darryl rains) too
often very little. when a friend or longtime associate asks you to serve on a
board, it's sometimes difficult to ask probing questions."
(forbes,
2/17/05, "q&a: how directors can
shield themselves") note that
it was "asks you to serve" as opposed to "asks you to
apply." where did the "friend
or longtime associate" obtain the authority to invite someone to serve on a
bod? the idea that an election by
shareholders is only a mere formality is very ingrained into the mindset of the corporate and
news media.
 
       
"when john
j. mack began his effort to recruit and promote new talent at morgan
stanley, he did not have to stray too far a field — or off the fairway, for
that matter. two of the first
directors named to the firm's board last summer are members of mr. mack's own
club, the golf club of purchase in 
westchester

county

 … [w]ith chief executives under increasing pressure to have independent
boards, that old temptation to have a few golf pals on the board and in the
executive suite might be less acute. yet the practice appears to be alive and
well, if not as visible. …  mr.
mack has recruited other directors, as well as executives, who are diverse in
makeup and background, and share no recreational ties with the chairman." 
(nyt, 3/11/06, "a path to a seat on the board? try the
fairway") this is a blatant
example of a ceo "recruiting" his own bod members --- the persons who
are supposed to supervise him on behalf of shareholders. 
ethical handicaps seem to extend beyond the fairways.  the
boardroom has become the new 19th hole for good cheer and fellowship. 
the word to shareholders is: "four!"
       
"michael miles, a longtime ally of former morgan
stanley chief executive officer philip purcell, stepped down yesterday as
a director of the blue-chip securities firm. 
mr. miles … is one of a number of purcell allies who have left or are
expected to leave the board following mr. purcell's resignation…. 
john mack, who succeeded mr. purcell on june 30, brought in three new
directors last month. … as head of the nominating committee that chose new
directors, mr. miles helped cement mr. purcell's hold on the ceo job….  mr.
miles is the third purcell ally to leave the board since the resignation." 
(wsj, 9/7/05, "miles, ally of ousted ceo purcell, leaves morgan
stanley’s board")  did the new
ceo fire the directors who "stepped down"? 
it might have been instructive had the meaning and background facts of
"brought in" and "stepped down" been explored in detail. "brought in" seems to imply beholden to mack vis-à-vis
shareholders, to whom directors are supposed to owe a fiduciary duty. 
       
"michael a. miles, a morgan stanley director with close ties to the
former chief executive, philip j. purcell, has resigned from the board, the bank
said yesterday.  the move, which was
expected, is the latest signal that the new chief executive, john j. mack,
intends to reorganize a board that during the battle over mr. purcell's
leadership became a lightning rod for criticism and remains the target of
several shareholder lawsuits. … as head of morgan's nominating committee, mr.
miles was an architect of a board that included several former chief executives,
many of whom lived in the 

chicago

 suburbs, who defended mr. purcell in the years after the dean witter morgan
stanley merger." (nyt, 9/7/05, "morgan director resigns, a sign that a
reorganization is likely") "reorganize"
seems to mean the selection of directors who are beholden to the new ceo and,
thus, would be compliant.  and, if
they are not compliant, the directors could expect that the bod would be "reorganized" again.
       
"three more morgan stanley directors who served under former chief
executive philip purcell announced resignations, in a year-end coda to the
battle over the wall street firm's future that ended with the return of john
mack. the latest directors to step down are miles marsh, the lead outside
director; edward brennan, the former chief executive of sears, roebuck & co.
who had the strongest ties to mr. purcell; and john madigan, former chief
executive of tribune co. … mr. mack, a 
north carolina
 native, has recast the board, bringing in four outside directors, two of whom
have 

north carolina

 ties as well.  roy bostock, an advertising executive, like mr. mack graduated
from duke university

 and has served as a trustee. erskine bowles is president-elect of the university
 of 
north carolina. three former purcell-era directors left the board in september. with
yesterday's resignations, only four remain from the group of 10 outside
directors elected at the annual meeting in march. … [o]ne or more new
directors may be added next year to the total of nine…." (wsj, 12/22/05,
"morgan stanley loses 3 directors in latest exodus") 
is this an instance where a ceo informed directors that they are
"stepping down" so that the ceo can "recast" and "bring
in" his own set of compliant cronies as opposed to engaging in the charade
of a director nomination process and election by shareholders? 
where are all the trumanesque directors, who, on behalf of shareholders,
would dare to stand-up to the mcaurthuresque ceos?
"the resignations of edward a. brennan, john w. madigan and miles l.
marsh … are the latest sign of a fundamental reshaping of the board by the
firm's new chief executive, john j. mack. the departure … is an open
acknowledgment that all the control levers at morgan stanley are now firmly in
mr. mack's grip.  … mr. mack has
moved quickly to repopulate the board with executives more in his own
image." (nyt, 12/22/05, "three morgan directors resign; all were
allies of ex-chief")  "fundamental
reshaping," "repopulating," "control levers" and
"own image" sound so much more acceptable than bod lack of
accountability and usurpation of shareholder rights.
 
      
 "fannie mae appointed
an accounting expert to its board days before a regulatory report is expected to
criticize the company's directors for failing to ask tougher questions about how
the mortgage-finance giant kept its books. the government-sponsored provider of
funding for home loans said dennis beresford, an accounting professor at the 
university
 of 
georgia
, 

athens, is joining the board and taking over as chairman of the board's audit
committee. …. a fannie spokesman declined to comment on whether the expected
report from the company's main regulator, the office of federal housing
enterprise oversight, or ofheo, was a factor in the board changes. ofheo's
report, recently sent to fannie's management, is due to be made public tuesday.
the report is expected to blame the board and senior executives for failing to
ensure that fannie complied with accounting rules. … mr. beresford is a former
national director of accounting at ernst & young llp and former chairman of
the financial accounting standards board. he also is a director of
kimberly-clark corp. and legg mason inc." (wsj, 5/20/06, "fannie mae
names new director")  please see internal
 investigations, below.
 
       
"over the years, mr. (maurice r.) greenberg (former ceo of american
international group) connected with many of his outside directors in another
way: by making big donations through the starr foundation, a nonprofit
organization he controls, to institutions that some a.i.g. directors led or
belonged to. contributions
to such outfits surpassed $44 million from 1998 to 2003, the most recent figures
available. … according to the most recent filing, it had roughly $3.6 billion
in assets, mostly in a.i.g. shares. …did the foundation's contributions to the
directors' favored organizations influence them as the recent crisis unfolded at
a.i.g.?  none
of the directors would comment on that. … [s]hareholders have a right to
wonder if all those donations to the directors' favorite charities are clouding
their judgment." (nyt, 4/10/05, "charity begins at the board. just ask
a.i.g.")  did this involve an instance where the bod's fear that aig
would be criminally indicted (and, thus, become extinct) trump greed?  on
the other hand, was personal greed the trump card?  if aig ceased to exist,
those cushy bod jobs would do likewise.  "the six-paragraph letter ...
represents an opening salvo ... pitting the former chief executive (greenberg)
against the ... board members he picked." (wsj, 5/5/05, "greenberg
takes aig to task")  the ceo "picked" the bod members! 
there is not the barest pretext that shareholders are involved in the process,
except to rubber stamp those "picked" by the ceo --- the person
supposedly supervised by the bod. "when mr. (frank)  zarb left nasdaq in 2001,
mr. greenberg asked his friend to join aig's board, a plum directorship at one
of the nation's leading companies." (wsj, 5/20/05, "casualty of aig
mess: two financiers' long alliance")



 

       
"many more corporate directors are independent of management these days,
but boards have more work to do before they can persuade shareholders that they
are acting as good stewards, says julie h. daum, who leads the board practice at
the executive search firm spencer stuart
in new york. the firm says her practice conducts about 60 percent of all
board member searches in the united states. following are excerpts from a recent conversation: …
q. so the notion that directors
are just captives of c.e.o.'s is not based in reality? a.
… now companies have to put into their proxies where the idea for a new
director came from. i think boards also are very cognizant now of having
anything that can be perceived as a conflict. if you and i serve on a board
together, it probably means that neither of us should serve on another board
with each other. boards are very conscious of the concept of interlocking
boards. it used to be that's where the ideas for candidates came from. you
knew somebody from another board and you'd recommend them. q.
what is an example of a company where the independence of
directors has been questioned? a. home depot is a good example. the relationships among
directors, those were not situations where someone was getting compensated by
the other. but they were serving on the boards of other organizations. … q.
what do you think of the assertion by  bob nardelli, home
depot's c.e.o., that his board is the most independent in america? a. … but there's independence and then
there's independence. i could be your next-door neighbor and best friend, but
i qualify as independent because we don't have a business relationship. i'm
not serving on your board. you're not setting my compensation. we're not
doing consulting work together. we would meet the stock exchanges' criteria
for independence, but obviously we have a less-than-independent relationship.
that's what you can't quantify." (nyt, 8/27/06, "the pros and cons
of independent boards")


 

       
"over more than 20 years, duke (university)
transformed itself from a southern school to a premier national institution with
the help of a winning strategy: targeting rich students whose families could
help build up its endowment. … both schools (duke and brown
 university) had a behind-the-scenes power broker, a go-to man for prominent parents
seeking to fast-track their children's applications. duke had joel fleishman, 72 years old, a wine connoisseur who sits on boards
of companies run by duke donors and the parents of duke students.  …
celebrity students generally lag behind their classmates in academic honors. …
duke has acknowledged the existence of development admits. … 
mr. fleishman's friendships with duke donors gave him a valuable entrée
into businesses far a field from academia. take, for example, ralph lauren. two
of the famed designer's children, david and dylan, graduated from 
dalton

school
 in manhattan
in 1989 and 1992 respectively and enrolled at duke while mr. fleishman ran the
fund-raising campaign. a person familiar with their dalton

 records describes david as a 'b-plus' student with sat scores in the
1100s. dylan had better grades and sats in the 1200s. in that era, duke's
average sat score was close to 1350. …  in
1999, mr. fleishman became a director of polo ralph lauren inc. as of the
company's most-recent filing, he was earning $35,000 a year as a director plus
$7,500 as chairman of its compensation committee and $2,000 per meeting. he also
owned or held options to buy 37,500 shares of ralph lauren stock, worth at least
half a million dollars, public filings show. … mr. fleishman also sits on the
board of boston scientific corp., whose chairman, duke alumnus peter nicholas,
is one of duke's biggest donors. his three children graduated from the
university. mr. fleishman sits on more corporate boards "than a lot of
people, especially nonpresidents," says j. david ross, a former vice
president at duke. mr. ross says he believes the directorships weren't payback
for admissions."  (wsj, 9/9/06,
"how lowering the bar helps colleges prosper")

 

       
"google inc. chief executive  eric schmidt is joining apple computer
inc.'s board of directors…. schmidt was elected tuesday…." (reuters,
8/30/06, "apple board's search ends with google ceo") 
 "apple computer inc. said google chief executive eric schmidt
joined its board of directors…. some analysts interpreted the appointment …
as an event that could help apple…. " (wsj, 8/30/06, "google ceo
schmidt joins apple computer board") two
well respected financial publications differ as to whether  "joining"
is the equivalent of being appointed or being elected.
how could mere mortals,  e.g., shareholders, reasonably be expected to
recognize and correctly interpret this corporate governance obfuscated code?

 
       
"[m]r. (stanley) o'neal's board (at merrill lynch) is largely handpicked. he has
recruited people like  john d. finnegan, the chief executive of chubb and a
friend for more than 20 years. the two men worked together in the general motors
treasury department. mr. o'neal is also close to another director, alberto
cribiore, a private equity executive who runs his own firm, brera capital. in
the late 1990s, mr. cribiore came close to persuading mr. o'neal to join his
nascent private equity firm." (nyt, 10/27/07, "merrill lynch weighs
ouster of top officer")  with a $9 billion write-down of sub-prime
investments, the bod became somewhat less consensual.


       
"merrill lynch's board members dropped the ball during the almost-five-year
reign of the now-ousted stan o'neal. ... directors also should recognize that
their previous hands-off approach didn't work. mr. o'neal's ruthless response to
anyone who challenged his authority might have made sense as he consolidated his
position. still, it left him holding the firm's top four positions for a time:
chairman, chief executive, president and chief operating officer. ... the
directors now have to put one of their own in charge as interim nonexecutive
chairman. the nonexecutive chairman post is something they should consider
keeping. ... that might put off some potential ceo candidates. but merrill's
travails stem from inadequate oversight, and a ceo who insists on all the leeway
granted mr. o'neal might not be the right choice. the presence of a nonexecutive
chairman could reassure investors the board is back on the case." (wsj,
10/31/07, comment: "merrill
board's 2nd chance")



        "merrill's board was packed with
people picked by mr. o'neal, and he was reportedly someone who resisted
constructive criticism and stifled genuine debate. in this, he resembles plenty
of chief executives, and there's nothing in sarbanes-oxley to prevent it. but
it's not good governance or effective leadership. as a result, mr. o'neal and
his board may have failed to engage in the kind of debate that would have
prevented this tragedy. to be specific, what was merrill's board asking mr.
o'neal when merrill was earning record profits on the outsize success of its
huge investment in subprime mortgages and related collateralized debt and loan
obligations? i know it's hard to ask tough questions in the face of success.
it's not a strategy for winning popularity contests. but it's essential in the
worlds of business and investing. ... [r]eward is correlated with risk. you
can't earn massive returns without assuming tremendous risk. we now know that
was true for merrill. amid the big gains in its fixed-income operations, it was
assuming far more risk than anyone there apparently realized." (wsj,
10/31/07, "merrill's board needed to question success")
 

 
       
"fremont general corp., the santa monica (california) lender forced
to exit the sub-prime mortgage business, replaced its entire board of directors
except for its chief executive and president. stephen gordon, named
chairman and chief executive in november, brought in five new
directors...." (lat, 1/10/08, "fremont replaces most of its
board")

 
       
"the obama administration said monday that the embattled auto maker (general motors) aims to replace 'a majority of the board over the
coming months.' federal officials also confirmed the appointment of kent
kresa, a gm director since 2003, as its interim board chairman. mr. kresa,
71 years old, was ceo of defense contractor northrop grumman corp. between 1990
and 2003, and previously served on the board of chrysler corp. one person close
to the company described him as 'a safe choice,' because he was one of the few
gm directors who had run a major industrial company. ... the decision by
president barack obama's auto task force to replace most gm directors came
amid some pressure by company bondholders and other industry experts who had
advised the task force in recent weeks.... during one meeting, the board was
described as 'a collection of failed ceos,' and the group was blamed for not
prompting gm management to move faster in restructuring the company. ... some
governance experts consider gm's board fairly weak because it lacks individuals
with auto-industry expertise and includes several retirees without recent
corporate-management experience. ... it may be easier to remove directors than
to replace them, however. the government may encourage gm to add directors with
more automotive or industrial know-how, some observers believe." (wsj,
3/31/09, "gm will replace at least six others on board")
shareholders still have no say in the selection of director-candidates.
the more things change, the more they stay the same.
now, the us calvary is galloping to the rescue. 
however, the us calvary, with sabers held high, may lack pertinent experience.

 
       
"spencer stuart, one of the largest u.s. executive search firms, has advised or is advising board searches taking place
at several companies accepting treasury funding in recent months. those
companies include citigroup inc., american international group inc. and gmac
llc. (interim gm chairman kent) mr. kresa has a deep base of contacts after
several years on gm's board, a tenure as chief executive of northrop grumman
corp. that ended in 2003, and a stint as a director at chrysler. he had planned
to rely on his professional network to conduct the search. but officials at the
treasury, which has lent gm $15.4 billion, 'strongly' suggested that mr. kresa
choose spencer stuart for gm's board search, telling him that the search firm
'can do it quickly,' said a person close to the matter. they told mr. kresa he
would be contacted by tom neff, head of the firm's u.s.

 operations...." (wsj, 5/11/09, "gm hires search firm for new
board") did the government provide mr. neff with marching orders?
 
       
"a housecleaning at general electric co.'s board will remove many
long-term associates of former chief executive jeff immelt and aims to create a
board that is more closely aligned with ceo john flannery's strategy to
streamline the industrial giant." (wsj, 11/20/17, "ge
housecleaning will alter board's makeup company
hasn't decided which nine of 18 directors will lose their seats") who is in
charge if those who are allegedly supervised (management) can "remove"
the supposed supervisors (bod)? power to the 1%ers!
 "[g]e has repudiated its previous leadership with a zeal unprecedented in a
company of its size and stature. gone in the past 10 months are ... half the
board of directors." (fortune, 5/24/18, "what the hell happened at
ge?")

 
       
"a former
chairwoman of the securities and exchange commission was named on tuesday to the
board of morgan stanley, the latest in a series of moves the bank has made to
bolster its brokerage business. … ms. [mary] schapiro … had no
comment…." (6/26/18, nyt, "morgan
stanley adds former s.e.c. chairwoman to its board") no one explains what
"was named" means or by whom she "was named." it's corporate
magic.

 
       
"bed bath & beyond is overhauling its board of directors ... amid a
proxy battle.... [f]ive independent directors will step down and be
replaced." (4/23/19, wsj, bed bath & beyond overhauls board amid
activist pressure; five new directors appointed, co-founders to retire from
board") 
 and, what say did the shareholder have in this material change? zip.


  

               
2.   
ceos seek "consensual" directors and shorten the longevity of
directors who are otherwise  
 
        should the bod motto be "go along and get along or get out before we
throw you out"?  "too many boards are stuffed with yes men who question little that
their chief executives suggest. ... chief executives tended to dominate the
choice ... of board members (where search committees are usually encouraged to
look for 'consensual' candidates who will not rock the boat)...." (the
economist, 1/9/03, "corporate boards: the way we govern now") 
 
        
"it
was promoted as the chance of a lifetime: mom-and-pop investors could buy shares
in celebrity businessman donald trump's
first public company, trump hotels and casino resorts. their investments were
quickly depleted. the company known by trump’s initials, djt, crumbled into a
penny stock and filed for bankruptcy after less than a decade, costing
shareholders millions of dollars, even as other casino companies soared.  …
the company lost money every year of trump’s leadership, and its share price
suffered. … company decisions were, as in most public companies,
approved by a board of directors. none of the original directors responded to
requests for comment. trump wrote in his book ‘trump: surviving at the top'
that he ‘personally didn't
like answering to a board of directors.'
charles elson, the director of the john l. weinberg center for corporate
governance at the university of delaware, said that trump exemplified the­corporate-american
role once known as the 'imperial
ceo':
an unchallenged, dominant leader who single-handedly steered the company. 'the
ceo ran the show ... and the board was the creature of the ceo,'
elson said. 'these
days, it's
very different,'
he added, because of a shift toward greater oversight from company directors and
the increasing presence of activist shareholders. one
later director was close to trump: his daughter. ivanka trump was named to the
board of directors in 2007, when she was 26 and had been working for two years
at her father's
private company, the trump organization. the public company paid her $188,861 in
cash and stock awards that year, filings show. representatives for ivanka
trump declined to comment. ivanka and donald trump both resigned from the
company in 2009, after trump declared in a statement that he strongly disagreed
with bondholders who had been pushing the company to file again for bankruptcy."
(6/12/16, wp, 
"as its stock collapsed, trump’s firm gave him huge bonuses
and paid for his jet")
why not identify 
"the original directors"?
how much were they compensated for their stellar bod service? it will only be
different when the bod's
personal assets are on the line. countries headed by 
"imperial ceos" are known as kleptocracies. 
 
       
"[d]eparting director  andrea van de kamp --- who emerged last year as one of
(disney chairman
and ceo  michael d.) eisner's harsher board critics --- vehemently objected and accused
the chairman of orchestrating her removal … directors said the names of the
four leaving the board were submitted by the nominating committee, which was
acting on the recommendation from eisner." 
(lat, 1/31/03, "eisner critic losing seat on board of directors") 
"she argued that eisner's behavior undermines efforts to strengthen the
board's independence and 'gives the appearance that rubber-stamping michael's
decisions is an unwritten prerequisite for continued board membership.'"
(lat, 2/15/03, "exiting board member says eisner bullied her") 
"she recalled a meeting with him in the midst of the board turmoil ...
nominally over new ideas, where she said he recited every instance in her four
years as a board member where she disagreed with him. 'it appeared that michael
was focusing more on staying in power instead of focusing on the best interests
of the company,' she said." (nyt, 12/8/03, "criticism of disney chief
grows bolder")  "things got so testy between the two, according
to the book (‘disneywar: the battle for the magic

kingdom' by james b. stewart), that mr. eisner told ms. van de kamp,
'you're a
terrible director. you are so loyal to stanley (p. gold), it's like you've
carried his babies.' the comment stunned ms. van de kamp, who was not
reinstated to the board in a vote of 12 to 4, with 2 abstentions." (nyt,
2/10/05, "eisner said to be open to staying at disney") 
this guy definitely knows how to charm the ladies!  minnie is
especially fond of him.
       
"(roy o.)  disney ... accused eisner of maneuvering to have the board's nominating
committee leave his name off the slate of directors that will be elected in the
coming year --- 'effectively muzzling my voice.'" (lat, 12/1/03,
"roy disney quits, urges eisner to resign for good of company")  "in the last year, other board members (other than director roy e. disney)
critical of mr. eisner's management style either left or saw their influence
diminished. ... mr. (stanley p.) gold, who was once very influential on the
board, was stripped of crucial posts because of his status as the investment
adviser to mr. disney."  (nyt, 12/1/03, "leaving board, a disney
heir assails eisner")  "mr. eisner has proved himself a skilled
corporate politician who has been shrewd about using the idea of better
corporate governance as a shield against critics who threaten his reign."
(wsj, 12/1/03, "roy disney quits company board and calls on eisner to
resign")  "mr. gold's (letter) criticized the other directors for
serving as a rubber stamp for management, saying that they enacted policies that
muzzled dissenters and shielded mr. eisner from 'criticism and accountability.'
... 'unfortunately it has been extremely difficult to have debate on a board
which considers disagreement with management as
"destructive."'"  (nyt, 12/2/03, "2nd member of board
resigns at disney")  
       
"the university of delaware's  charles elson, another leading corporate-governance expert, would go even further. 
'that board is such a rat's nest of conflicts that the only thing to do is to
clean the whole thing out.  let is start all over again." 
(businessweek, 12/02/03, "stalking a wily prey at disney")  the
latter suggestion sounds great in theory.  however, implementing such a
plan still disenfranchises shareholders --- directors select a new ceo and
resign and, thereafter, the new ceo selects/appoints new directors, who would be
beholden to the new ceo.
       
"a prominent investor-advisory firm recommended against the re-election of
four walt disney co. board members
who sit on its governance committee, in response to the board's decision to give
chief executive robert iger the added
title of chairman. in a new report, institutional shareholder services inc.
accused disney's board of reversing 'an earlier commitment to independent board
leadership' by making mr. iger chairman—and criticized it for doing so—
without seeking shareholder input. the report also raised concerns about his
compensation. ... the board's decision to grant mr. iger the dual roles is 'an
about-face from governance reforms adopted following a highly public 'vote no'
campaign at disney in 2004,' the report said. that campaign, the report said,
resulted in a 45% 'withhold' vote on former disney chairman and ceo michael
eisner, who soon after stepped down as chairman. the company subsequently
adopted corporate-governance guidelines calling for an independent chairman,
'unless the board concludes that the best interest of shareholders would be
otherwise better served.' the board members that the report advised against
re-electing make up the governance committee: judith
estrin, aylwin lewis, robert matschullat and facebook inc. chief operating officer sheryl
sandberg. ... the report also questioned mr. iger's compensation, valued at
$31.4 million for 2011...." (3/2/12, wsj, "disney governance panel
assailed over iger's dual role") the king is dead, long live the king.


 
       
"after cablevision systems corp. chairman charles
f. dolan replaced three directors with four of his friends this week,
corporate governance experts, legal experts and investors cringed. … what made
charles dolan's actions all the more extraordinary was that they flew in the
face of a trend toward more board independence, prompted by accounting scandals
at such companies as worldcom inc., enron
corp. and adelphia
communications corp. … some investors said dolan's power play
was the latest reminder of the dangers of a system of dual-class shares, under
which special stock carries disproportionate voting clout. though dolan and his
family own less than 2% of cablevision's equity, special voting stock enables
them to call the shots. … critics say these dual-class structures leave equity
shareholders vulnerable to abuse…. [t]he new directors had the same fiduciary responsibilities as the ones they
replaced. analysts said it behooved those new directors to take a hard look.…
[t]he new directors would also be open to shareholder lawsuits because (of what)
their predecessors had just determined…" 
(lat, 3/4/05, "cablevision power play alarms wall street, governance experts")
 
       
"a tenet healthcare corp. director
who abruptly resigned last month has accused the company of failing to change
its corporate culture, stirring up old issues as the large hospital concern
struggles to put its house in order. ... tenet chairman  edward a. kangas and two
other directors counter that mr. (robert c.)  nakasone resigned after he was
asked to leave because he was disruptive and wasted the board's time. ... [t]he
company announced his resignation without giving a reason for it. ... repeated
efforts to revisit decisions and even 'to argue about the minutes' distracted
the board, hurt its efficiency and explains 'why we asked him to step off the
board,' mr. kangas said."  (wsj, 4/12/04, "tenet ex-director sees
no progress")  certain questions arise.  did tenet issue a
misleading explanation for the resignation?  why did the directors not
agree as to how the bod minutes would describe their past actions?  what is
inherently wrong about revisiting past decisions?  should it not be for the
shareholders to decide whether a director's efforts to protect their interests
are "disruptive and wasted the board's
time"?     
 
       
"last
week, the securities and exchange commission charged  healthsouth and its
chairman and chief executive,  richard m. scrushy with 'massive' accounting
fraud…. mr. scrushy confronted mr. (robert p.)  may … and told the director
he was going to 'fire' him …. unhappy with mr. may's efforts to replace
certain longtime board members...." (wsj, 3/25/03, "healthsouth turns to
outside help")    
 
       
"former director  e.t. summers iii, a
retired president of coca-cola of the southwest, notes he was asked to resign in
2001 after 'jud (alfred "jud" schroeder, major shareholder and
chairman of lancer) and i reached an agreement that i wasn't good for the board
because i was too independent.' besides, summers says, his advice was
ignored." (usa today, 8/20/03, "big problems bubble up for coke's
little partner lancer")  "too independent"?  hmmm.
 
       
"the former chief executive of  westar energy,
 david c. wittig, who has been
convicted of bank fraud and a former lieutenant have been indicted in what
federal prosecutors called a scheme to loot the company that pushed it to the
brink of bankruptcy with $3 billion in debt. ... the indictment charged that
through 'fraud and outright intimidation, mr. wittig and mr. lake devised a
scheme to loot the company of tens of millions of dollars,' ... it further
contends that the two men forced out board members who objected to executive
compensation plans..." (12/5/03, nyt, "former executive convicted of
bank fraud")  "a resignation letter ... dated march 28, 2001,
from  jane dresener sadaka (a former director of westar energy) ... was one of
dozens of westar documents made public by the kansas corporation commission
despite objections from the company.  ... sadaka ... said she resigned from
the board because management and other directors didn't share her concerns about
... what she believed were excessive salaries....  she also complained
that management failed to supply board members with sufficient information to
make decisions." (the topeka capital-journal, 6/28/02, "westar
management, salaries denounced")  ms. sadaka did  not utilize sec rule 14 to cause westar to inform its shareholders of
her concerns.  sec rule 14, schedule a --- information required in proxy statement,
item 7g states, "if a director has resigned ... because of disagreement ...
on any matter relating to ... operations, policies or practices, and  if the
director has furnished ... a letter describing such disagreements and requesting
that the matter be disclosed, the registrant  shall ... summarize the director's
description of the disagreement."  
       
"in a trial that began this month in kansas city,
federal prosecutors are seeking to seize the assets of mr. wittig, a kansan who
rose to stardom as an investment banker on wall street before returning nearly a
decade ago with multinational ambitions for westar. … mr. wittig says westar still owes him more than $40
million in compensation; mr. lake is seeking more than $16 million.  adam
hoffinger, mr. wittig's lawyer, said he expected to win the case since most of mr.
wittig's actions as chief executive were approved by westar's board." 
(nyt, 10/30/04, "this kansan made good, maybe too good, some
say")  "the good people of topeka

 don't much like david wittig, who stands accused of looting the local utility
in a case known as the ‘kansas enron.’ … like many staid utilities, westar
wanted to diversify into fast-growing, unregulated businesses.  in
1995, it tapped wittig to head corporate strategy. … but his deal making backfired… westar's highflying stock plunged, its rates rose and its debt load
raised bankruptcy concerns.  wittig
resigned at the end of 2002, after a grand jury had subpoenaed corporate
records. he demanded tens of millions in unpaid compensation. westar balked,
commissioning a 367-page internal report that detailed much of the alleged
wrongdoing in the indictment. … he used company resources to force out his
enemies on the board and to investigate a local reporter who was asking
uncomfortable questions, the indictment alleges. … [t]he case is no slam-dunk.
… wittig and 
lake
 contended the excesses at westar amounted to no more than poor corporate
governance, largely ratified by the board of directors." (chicago
tribune, 6/19/05, "kansas enron' case stirs wrath") 
sound familiar?  was the
ceo's game plan one of stacking the bod with compliant cronies and, when push
came to shove, blaming the bod for agreeing with the ceo's improper actions? 
perhaps, bods, if they feared any sting of accountability, would adopt the
mantra of "trust, but verify" when dealing with the hired help.
"a federal jury found former westar energy inc. chief executive officer
david wittig and another executive guilty of looting the electric utility of
millions of dollars. ... wittig and lake have denied the charges, saying that
their actions were legal, approved by the company's directors, and disclosed in
corporate filings." (wsj, 9/13/05, "jury convicts westar ex-officials
of looting millions from utility") one may wish to view an excerpted copy
of "report of the   special
committee to the board of directors."
       
"in a stunning reversal of a high-profile government prosecution, a federal
appeals court in 
denver
 overturned convictions of two former executives of westar energy inc., a
large 

kansas

 utility. the three-judge panel ruled that prosecutors presented insufficient
evidence to support convictions of former chief executive david wittig and former executive vice president douglas
lake, on charges of wire fraud, money laundering, conspiracy and
circumvention of internal financial controls.  ... in reversing the
convictions, the appellate court ruled that all the counts hinged on the
government's ability to prove that messrs. wittig and 
lake
 tried to hide from the securities and exchange commission their personal use of
corporate aircraft. however, the panel said, sec regulations only require the
reporting of such activity when it costs the company an amount above a certain
threshold.  because 'the government
offered no evidence that the additional cost to westar of either
defendant's personal travel ever exceeded this threshold . . . the jury could
not possibly determine that the reports' were false, the court said. the court
ruled that the defendants could not be retried on the fraud or money laundering
charges, but that they could be retried on the lesser charges of circumvention
of internal controls and conspiracy." (emphasis added.) (wsj, 1/6/07,
"convictions overturned in westar case") 
the court's opinion states, "the defendants sought from the district
court an instruction to the jury explaining that the proper consideration was
not the value of the travel to the defendants but the (much lower) additional
cost of the travel to westar. the court refused to give the instruction. ...
there was no evidence that the value of personal travel ever exceeded the
reporting threshold." (emphasis added.)  with
20-20 hindsight, one could observe that the prosecutors really blew it!
 
       
"the nyse governance structure and grasso's regulatory authority over the
nyse's directors created actual and apparent conflicts of interest. ¶ 25. 
grasso had the authority to select those who served on the compensation
committee.  he also regulated most of them.  this conflict allowed
grasso to influence directors who might have wanted to pay him less, and to
reward directors who would pay him more.  for example, one former
compensation committee member was confronted by grasso after he had privately
expressed concern to ashen about a component of grasso's proposed compensation
in 2002.  the director testified that 'he was a little taken [a]back that
there was an ear to the committees ... and that my hesitancy was reported
immediately.'  the committee member, who ultimately approved grasso's
proposed compensation for that year recalled thinking 'thank god i escaped that
one.  this man was also our regulator, and i'm a member of the new york
stock exchange ... and when he's kind of indirectly your supervisor or your
regulator, you have to be careful.'" (complaint, people of the state of new
york, etc. v.  richard a. grasso, et al., 5/24/04)
       
"john reed's plan to reform the new york stock exchange ...
(with) his handpicked board of directors is a bad way to start. ... the new
board ... (includes) robert shapiro, former ceo of monsanto....  shapiro
tapped reed to serve on the monsanto board and reed, in turn, asked shapiro to
the board of citicorp, the bank where reed was chief executive. ... [t]he
appointment smacked of 'cronyism'."  (cbs.marketwatch, 12/16/03,
"nyse board picks challenged")  "in the midst of the search
for a permanent chairman, mr. reed said, he impulsively offered the chief
executive job to mr. (john a.) thain.... mr. reed walked up to mr.
train, whom he knew as a fellow trustee of the massachusetts institute of
technology....  'i don't know what caused me to do it,' said mr.
reed....  mr. thain would have the power to veto other prospective
chairmen. ... '[t]he c.e.o. should not have a veto over the chairman of the
board,' mr. (charles m.) elson, who teaches corporate governance at the
university of delaware's business school, said.  (nyt, 12/21/03, "next
for the big board: to sue or not to sue?")  it appears that reed has admitted that he
did not have advance authorization from the bod to make the employment offer to thain.  did the
"handpicked" bod later ratify reed's impulsive act by its
silence?  (thain went on to become ceo of merrill lynch and, when the
bumbling herd stumbled over a cliff into the arms of bank of america, was
terminated.  it was reported that he reimbursed merrill lynch for the near
$1 million he spent to refurbish his office.)
 
       
prospective directors understand that their appointments to bods are conditional
upon the approval of the respective ceos.  "management still should be
consulted on the (nominating) committees' choices, experts say.  'i think
as a practical matter, few new directors would accept without knowing that the
ceo is enthusiastic about the decision,' says james ukropina, a los
angeles-based lawyer who has served on the boards of several public
companies.  'no one likes to go to the boardroom thinking they have been imposed
on the ceo, especially if the ceo is a responsible person.'"  (wsj,
10/27/03, "opening the board")  how, in the eyes of the
appointee, could a ceo approve the person's appointment and not be "a
responsible person"?  didn't that ceo have the perspicacity to
make/approve the appointment?
 
       
"and the directors inherited from compaq clearly know how to build
shareholder value. … less of an argument can be made for others, such as 
robert knowling jr.  a former telecom
executive, he was pushed out of  covad communication group shortly after (carly)
fiorina named him to the board.  at
the time, his allegiance seemed inclined far too much to fiorina, rather than to
hp's investors.  as he told businessweek at the time, 'i didn't
join hp.  i joined carly. if she left tomorrow, i'd resign tomorrow.'"
(businessweek, 2/17/05, "where the buck stops at hp")
 
       
some bods may be so beholden to the ceo that regulators have to put a gun to
their collective heads to get them to do what is in shareholders' best
interests.  "[t]he securities
and exchange commission's staff found that  fannie had violated accounting rules
and would have to restate results for the past four years. in a securities
filing yesterday, fannie said its financial statements from 2001 through the
third quarter 'no longer should be relied upon' because they were prepared
with practices that didn't comply with generally accepted accounting principles. 
fannie previously had estimated that the restatement will require it to
recognize losses on derivative contracts, used for hedging interest-rate risks,
of about $9 billion…. [s]ome directors were hesitant to ditch the widely
respected mr. (franklin d.) raines, who had carefully cultivated personal
relationships with the directors over many years … taking them to dinner at a
four seasons hotel in washington

 on the eve of board meetings.  the
directors came to no conclusions about mr. raines's fate thursday, but agreed to
hold a formal meeting on sunday. … the board met for most of sunday.  directors
… still didn't come to a conclusion on whether to force mr. raines out.  one
idea advanced by mr. raines, according to a person close to the discussions, was
for him to announce a retirement effective at some later date, which would have
created the appearance that he wasn't to blame for the accounting fiasco. 
a final decision didn't come until tuesday, when mr. falcon (office of
federal housing enterprise oversight director armando
falcon jr.) told the board that without action he would issue a formal
declaration that fannie was 'significantly undercapitalized,' a move that
would allow the regulator to force changes in management and operations whether
or not the board went along. mr. raines was out within hours… " (wsj,
12/23/04, "after fannie shake-up, regulators focus on pay") 
it's amazing what a little schmoozing and a few dinners at a four seasons
hotel can buy these days!  (fannie was subsequently placed into a
conservatorship where it was forbidden to continue to make political
contributions and to conduct lobbying efforts.) 
 
       
"how can you have independent directors when the board chairwoman feels
free to order investigators to spy on the directors? if you dissent on this
board, we'll nail you. … if i were a board member of any company, i would seek
a promise from my company that it would not seek access to my confidential
telephone or other records without my permission, even if i vote the wrong way
or am suspected of disclosing secrets. if company officials think i violated the
law, they can call the cops." (nyt, 9/7/06, "don't
like a director? spy on him
") 
       
"[t]he board reviewed the results of an extensive investigation into press
leaks that was undertaken by new board chairman patricia
dunn…. the report, which relied in part on private telephone records,
fingered george keyworth, a longtime
director and former science adviser to president reagan, as the source of many
of the leaks about board deliberations. a boardroom showdown ensued, during
which the board voted to ask mr. keyworth to resign, and he refused, saying he
was elected by the shareholders. venture capitalist tom perkins, a friend of mr. keyworth, quit the board on the spot in
anger. … in response, the hewlett-packard
board plans … that mr. keyworth will not be nominated for re-election to the
board at its annual meeting next march. … ms. dunn said she regularly informed
the board of the investigation, but provided few details, at the investigators'
request. … outside board members have long leaked information to the media,
often because they're at odds with the ceo and want to promote their own views.
… as it became clear the board was going to ask mr. keyworth to leave, mr.
perkins got angry. … he also attacked ms. dunn, saying, 'pattie, you
betrayed me. you and i had an agreement we would handle this offline without
disclosing the name of the leaker.' (ms. dunn says she never had such an
agreement. 'i always knew it would require advice of counsel. counsel was
explicit the matter needed to go before the full board,' she says.)
finally, mr. perkins rose from his seat, slammed his briefcase shut, and said, 'i quit and i'm leaving.' … the board then began a discussion of its
responsibility to disclose the event. the law requires that when a director
resigns, the company has to disclose whether it was the result of a fundamental
disagreement. … mr. perkins reportedly said: 'just don't make it for
personal reasons. i don't want people to speculate about my health.' board
members say they concluded mr. perkins had no disagreement with the company,
only with ms. dunn. therefore they decided they had no obligation to file
details with the sec. instead, the board issued a statement on may 19 that
simply said mr. perkins had resigned, effective immediately. …. mr. perkins
was concerned with the way his resignation was portrayed by the company,
however, and subsequently contacted the sec with his concerns, according to
people familiar with the situation. mr. perkins has also been critical of the
investigation, which he suggested involved illegal surveillance. board members
acknowledge some discomfort with the methods used by the private investigator
who obtained the phone records, but h-p says it was assured by the investigators
that the methods were legal." (wsj, 9/6/06, "directors
cut h-p board clash over leaks triggers angry resignation") 
does it make sense for tom to have committed hara
kiri, as opposed to staying on the bod and fighting, when george, his friend
and fellow director, was being sent to the pillory? 
assuming that the bod provided any hearing of the allegations against
george, he could have defended against his removal on the ground that the bod
had acted with "unclean hands" in acquiring its alleged
proof.  what is the value of the
private investigator's assurances?  would
anyone expect an admission of illegal activities?  the
other message is that directors are under pressure to conform and keep quiet, or
else…. 
       
"former  hewlett-packard co. director tom perkins, who helped expose the
company's spying scandal last year, said in a cbs '60 minutes' interview that he
regretted his 'emotional' resignation from the board." (lat,
11/3/07, "hp board member regret resignation")  does that mean
that he regrets the way he acted when he resigned, but not that he did it? 
or, does it mean that he regrets abandoning his friend and fellow director in in
his time of need?  
       
perkins sent a letter to
hewlett-packard wherein he set forth his version of the events surrounding his
resignation, his follow-up efforts and various allegations of misconduct.
       
"h-p moved to distance itself
from the growing scandal, which centers on the use of 'pretexting' to
obtain directors' private phone records in an effort to identify the source of
the leaks. pretexting, or posing as a person in order to obtain private phone or
other information about them, is illegal in 

california

. … h-p spokesman mike moeller said the company told the investigators
conducting its internal probe that only legal means were to be used to
obtain information. he added that h-p didn't know pretexting would be involved.
'we have determined pretexting will not be used in any future investigation
if we have to do another one of these,' mr. moeller said. h-p declined to
disclose the name of the private-investigation firm it retained or the 'pretexting'
firm that firm employed as a subcontractor. … in its sec filing yesterday, h-p
said it has decided not to renominate mr. keyworth for another term as director.
the company is scheduled to hold its next board elections in march 2007. … two
members of the h-p board said earlier this week that the board asked for the
company's leak investigation to be reviewed after the fact by the law firm of wilson
sonsini goodrich & rosati, which has long represented h-p's board. the
law firm had concluded that the methods used were legal, these board members
say. but the law firm says it made no such conclusion on its own; it simply
reported that the private-investigation firm involved and that firm's lawyers
claimed their methods were legal. larry sonsini, the attorney for h-p's board,
yesterday declined to comment." (wsj, 9/7/06, "h-p faces probe over
its inquiry into board leaks; 

california

 seeks to determine whether method of tracing directors' calls violated
law")  isn't it strange to
have so much faith in one's investigator's competence/integrity to
specifically request that only legal means be employed? 
when does a high-powered law firm reasonably rely, in matter crucial to its client,
upon the favorable legal opinion of other (and, likely, lesser powered) law firm
of their client's investigator?  for
what has the bod paid?  a major
issue remains whether and to what extent there is a semblance of due process in
the board room before the death penalty is imposed upon a member who is invited,
but refuses, to resign.
       
"[t]he relationship between mr. perkins and mr. sonsini's firm has
grown strained. a wilson sonsini lawyer, boris feldman, accused mr. perkins of
discussing internal hewlett-packard deliberations with others last month. the
lawyer went on to demand that he name those he spoke to and what documents he
gave them. mr. perkins's response was just as rough. mr. dinh
… accused the law firm of conflicts of interest. he accused the company of
'sanitizing' the minutes of the board meeting in which mr. perkins resigned.
he told the company that mr. perkins was a victim of possible fraud, identity
theft and misappropriation of personal records.  …
a spokesman for the attorney general said that two possible felony charges were
being considered: the unauthorized use of personal identifying information for
unlawful purposes and the unauthorized access of a computer database. …the
search warrant affidavit, on file in marin

county
 in california, where mr. perkins lives in an expansive hilltop home with ocean views, also
reveals that the attorney general and at&t are considering civil lawsuits as
well." (nyt, 9/7/06, "leak, inquiry and resignation rock a
boardroom")

 
       
sometimes, ceos make consensual directors disappear. 
"by acceding to some activist demands, companies can
often avoid a nasty proxy fight. hollinger international … did that
late last year. shareholders like (president of hedge fund providence capital, herbert)
denton

 … wanted three of the firms' directors to step down. 
at a breakfast meeting at michael's restaurant in 
new york city
 last november, (ceo gordon) paris
 asked 

denton

 for time to convince the directors not to seek reelection. 
… the directors agreed to step down…." (forbes, 7/13/06, "how
to fight off shareholder activists")
 
       
"in the restrained world of america's corporate boardrooms, the letter sent earlier this week to five independent
directors of affiliated computer services
inc. was the equivalent of a back-alley smackdown. ... acs chairman darwin
deason, a flamboyant entrepreneur who built the company, teamed up with 
cerberus capital management lp during the buyout frenzy earlier this year to
take the company private. some investors objected early to the $6.2 billion
proposal, reasoning that the board could get a more lucrative offer. but such a
bid never materialized, and earlier this week cerberus pulled its offer, citing
turmoil in credit markets. ... acs management along with some of its biggest
shareholders, including oppenheimer funds, blamed the independent directors for
allowing the deal to slip out of their hands -- by refusing to set a vote on the
bid before pursuing alternatives. the directors say they had a duty to look for
other potential bidders, given that cerberus's proposed deal included the
participation of acs's chief insider: company founder mr. deason, who controls
42% of its shares and still exerts strong influence. ... the dispute is all the
more extraordinary given the close, even cozy, relations mr. deason once enjoyed
with a number of the independent directors -- robert b. holland iii, j.
livingston kosberg, frank a. rossi, dennis mccuistion and joseph p.
o'neill. several of them enjoyed business or personal ties with mr. deason
in past years. ... the confrontation began tuesday during a six-hour board
meeting, when mr. deason demanded the directors resign immediately. he
threatened to nominate a new slate of independent directors for election at the
next shareholder meeting, in may, if they refused... he also said he would issue
a news release accusing them of neglecting their duties if they didn't comply by
yesterday, these people said. ... the directors responded in their own sharply
worded letter: 'your ultimatum: resign in one hour or i will go to the press and
smear your reputations -- was a remarkable piece of bullying and thuggery, and
it almost worked.' the five directors said they would be willing to resign, but
only after vetting their successors.  late
yesterday, the independent directors filed a lawsuit against mr. deason and
other acs executives in delaware chancery court asking for a declaratory
judgment that they haven't breached their fiduciary duties."  (wsj,
11/2/07, "a failed deal at acs sets off a board brawl")  guess
who will ultimately have the honor of paying for the high costs of this school
yard squabbling?

 
      
"nearly
half of williams
cos. board members quit thursday after they failed to
oust the company's
chief executive following its collapsed merger deal with rival pipeline operator
energy transfer equity
lp….the resignations came during a closed-door session in which the
bloc sought to replace chief executive alan armstrong, who they felt was
ill-suited to lead an independent williams as it sets out a new course, the
people said.
chairman frank macinnis was among those who resigned, as were a pair of
activist hedge-fund investors, keith meister and eric mandelblatt,
who joined the 13-member board following a public campaign in 2014, the people
said. all three had championed the merger with energy transfer, which mr.
armstrong had opposed and continued to oppose even after it was agreed. … last
week, a delaware judge ruled that energy transfer could walk away from the
takeover…. williams's
board met thursday to discuss the company’s strategy going forward,
the people said. the discussion turned to whether mr. armstrong was the best
person to remain at the helm. the directors not including mr. armstrong were
split evenly, with six supporting mr. armstrong and six opposed. mr. macinnis,
who had been williams's
chairman since 2011, was opposed to mr. armstrong remaining as ceo, but resigned
largely for personal reasons…. five others followed suit, including laura
sugg, a former executive at conocophillips; ralph izzo, ceo of
utility giant public service enterprise group inc.; and steven nance,
president of a privately held oil and gas company. all three had been supportive
of the merger." 
(7/1/16, wsj, 
"nearly
half of williams directors resign")
why did the ceo prevail when the director-vote was tied? did the newly departed
leave with some benefits?
 
      
"over the years, board 'independence' has become a new area of emphasis.
one key point relating to this topic, though, is almost invariably overlooked:
director compensation has now soared to a level that inevitably makes pay a
subconscious factor affecting the behavior of many non-wealthy members. think,
for a moment, of the director earning $250,000-300,000 for board meetings
consuming a pleasant couple of days six or so times a year. frequently, the
possession of one such directorship bestows on its holder three to four times
the annual median income of u.s. households. ... to earn this princely
sum, i commuted to maine four times a year.) and job security now? it’s
fabulous. board members may get politely ignored, but they seldom get fired.
instead, generous age limits – usually 70 or higher – act as the standard
method for the genteel ejection of directors. 
is it any wonder that a non-wealthy director ('nwd') now hopes – or
even yearns – to be asked to join a second board, thereby vaulting into the
$500,000-600,000 class? to achieve this goal, the nwd will need help. the ceo of
a company searching for board members will almost certainly check with the nwd's
current ceo as to whether nwd is a 'good' director. 'good,' of course, is a code
word. if the nwd has seriously challenged his/her present ceo's compensation or
acquisition dreams, his or her candidacy will silently die. when seeking
directors, ceos don't look for pit bulls. it’s the cocker spaniel that gets
taken home. despite the illogic of it all, the director for whom fees are
important – indeed, craved – is almost universally classified as
'independent' while many directors possessing fortunes very substantially linked
to the welfare of the corporation are deemed lacking in independence."
(2/22/20, berkshire-hathaway inc. 2019 letter to shareholders by warren buffet) 



  

               
3.   
bods and management engage in
reciprocal enrichment at shareholders' expense  
 
           
does one hand wash the other? 
do ceos and directors say to one another, in substance, "i won't tell on
you (to shareholders), if you don't tell on
me"?  a conflict of interests arises when directors set their own compensation,
e.g., cash, stock
options.  it is just another conflict of interest for which there is no
real accountability.
 
                       
a.    ceos
get theirs
 
       
"as outrage mounts over executive paychecks, federal regulators are pushing
for clearer disclosure of the pay received by the board members who approve ceo
pay. corporate governance watchdogs fret that ceos use lucrative pay packages to
co-opt board members. … the typical director of a mid-sized company made
$104,000, while median pay for the director of a small company was $82,000.
still, that's not bad for a part-time job that requires attending a handful of
meetings a year. … [t]he typical director devoted 3.7 hours a week to board
duties. … office depot inc. … will pay directors $250,000 this year in cash,
stock and options. …[c]ritics say big paychecks can discourage directors from
asking tough questions. '$250,000 a year is a lot of money for a part-time job,'
said michelle leder, who runs footnoted.org,
a web site that examines company filings." (palm beach post, 6/4/06,
"spotlight starts to shine on board members")


 
       
"given human nature, few expect executives themselves to lobby for
lower pay.  and because boards seem
reluctant to rein in compensation, some critics conclude that the system is
irreparably broken. … his (james d. sinegal of costco wholesale)
pay package seems a throwback to another era, especially when compared with the
lavish compensation of henry r. silverman of cendant. 
… (each member) of costco's compensation committee … makes $30,000 a
year for serving on the board and receives options on 12,000 shares of stock, as
all costco directors do. … if mr. sinegal's compensation is skinny, then
corpulent is the word that comes to mind when considering the pay bestowed on
mr. silverman, the chairman and chief executive of cendant, the travel, real
estate and direct marketing concern. … along with other cendant directors, the
members of the compensation committee receive $160,000 a year, half in cash and
half in cendant stock, which is put into a deferred compensation plan. the
company has also bought a $1 million life insurance policy for each director, as
well as a $100,000 term life policy. … [c]hairman of the compensation
committee, makes an extra $20,000, while the other members of the committee make
$10,000 each, again divided equally between shares and cash." 
(nyt, 4/4/04, "two pay packages, two different galaxies")  
 

       
"a new study by academics at baruch

college, part of the city university of new york … confirmed other academic research
showing that options are very often granted to executives just before good news
about the company is disclosed or directly after bad news. … the study also
found that … timing opportunism was more pronounced when directors on the
compensation committee received a larger proportion of stock options in their
pay package. … [a] heavier reliance on stock options in the pay of independent
directors more effectively aligns their interests not with the shareholders to
whom they have a duty, but with top management.  … 
the trouble, at least from a shareholder's perspective, is that stock
options are growing as a percentage of the compensation that outside directors
receive for serving on a board. … the securities and exchange commission has
recently started investigating the timing of stock option grants…." 
(nyt, 12/12/04, "are options seducing directors, too?")

 

       
"the mergers (sbc and at&t, procter & gamble
and gillette) are almost certain to win shareholder approval. … [b]oth
deals demonstrate a problem that is all too common to mergers: that executives
are conducting extensive merger negotiations without adequate participation from
company directors.  the fear, of
course, is that corporate executives, who have oodles to gain from mergers, have
too much say about the terms, structure and consummation of the transactions.
when management is at the controls, as often seems to be the case, directors are
asked mostly to rubber-stamp the deals. … ‘we've all read a great deal about
the importance of having independent directors, but it doesn't make any
difference whether the directors are independent, non-independent or from the
planet mars unless they are really going to get involved in transactions of this
magnitude,’ said james p. melican, president of proxy governance.
 …  mr.
melican, an executive vice president at international paper from 1991 to 2003,
was involved in many of that company's mergers. … typically, he said,
directors are called to an urgent meeting on a sunday afternoon and are told
that the deal must be done quickly, to avoid news of it leaking out. ‘there is
a lot of very subtle pressure applied on directors to come along and vote
unanimously,’ he said. ‘the lawyers sit there and say: "you recognize
if you don't go along when we file the proxy with the s.e.c., the s.e.c. will
require that we make that disclosure. and because there are going to be
shareholder lawsuits, you can pretty much assume you'll be in depositions for
many years."' "management's control of the merger process is
especially rife with potential conflicts, mr. melican said, when executives of
the acquired company are promised high-ranking jobs at the combined entity,
postmerger. … in any deal, mr. melican says, boards have to get in early. …
as soon as a board of directors hears a c.e.o. say 'maybe the best solution is
to sell the company,' they ought to get involved." …  asking
tough questions about a proposed merger may not win smiles from the c.e.o. 
but hey, that's what being a fiduciary means."  (6/26/05,
nyt, "a merger? anyone tell the board?") 
perhaps, if the bods were more involved, such might only assure a bigger
payoff and/or continued employment for bod members. 
or, the bod might directly hire non-conflicted negotiators with detailed
instructions to keep shareholders' interests first and a compensation/bonus
structure for those negotiators based upon benefits obtained from the merger by
shareholders.  where there is a will, there is a way!

 


 

       
calpers is "concerned by the timing of a decision in may by pacificcare's
board to boost payout that executives would get if the company was sold. 
at the time of the board's decision, pacificcare had been talking for five
months with  united-health group inc. ... about a possible purchase.  the
$8.1-billion deal was announced seven weeks after the compensation change. ...
typically a board would know whether high-level merger talks had been occurring
for months...."  (lat, 11/15/05, "calpers seeks probe of
pacificcare")  who suggested the compensation adjustment? 
when?  upon what need for change was it based?  what are the odds that
the bod's decision was based upon a "fairness" or consultant's
opinion, which issued by someone who was well-paid by management?
 
       
"hank paulson, goldman's ceo,
came under fire for the firm's environmental policies -- not as a corporate
predator despoiling the earth, but for saving it at shareholders' expense. 
steven milloy … claimed that goldman's policies are … designed to advance
mr. paulson's personal causes. he objected to goldman's gift of 680,000 acres in
chile

 to the  wildlife conservation society, calling it a conflict of interest because
mr. paulson is chairman of the nature conservancy, which works with the society,
and has a daughter, merritt, who sits on the society's board of advisors. …
according to several accounts, mr. paulson batted away the charges with a simple
defense: the board did it, not me. he was not even part of the discussions of
the chilean land deal. … it's ludicrous to suggest that goldman's board acted
alone, as if directors didn't know of mr. paulson's involvement with the
conservancy or his advocacy of environmental causes. no one who makes it into
the board room of a place like goldman is unfamiliar with the time-honored
strategy of gaining influence by showing interest in the ceo's interests, be
they golf or global warming. why wouldn't directors rubber-stamp mr. paulson's
green causes? … much corporate philanthropy is far more aligned with their
(ceos) social ambitions than with shareholder interests. there are no studies to
prove this, of course. but the society pages hold a clue: it's the ceo who is
toasted at benefits and photographed for posterity. how often is the source of
the funds -- the pockets of shareholders -- even mentioned?" (wsj, 4/4/06,
"green nosing")
       
"goldman sachs group inc. is getting flak for a good deed: its
donation of 680,000 acres of remote chilean forest in 2004 to a conservation
group. the free enterprise action fund, a tiny mutual fund with a conservative
political bent, says the gift hasn't benefited chile

 or goldman shareholders. the fund petitioned the wall street firm on friday to
have its board review the gift as part of a broader study of goldman projects
supporting environmental causes, and seeks a shareholder vote on the proposal.
… henry paulson, goldman's then-chief executive and now u.s. treasury
secretary, defended the donation at goldman's annual meeting on march 31, saying
it was something 'goldman sachs wanted to do.' … goldman acquired and then
donated the land to the wildlife
conservation society, whose outside advisers and trustees include mr.
paulson's son, henry merritt paulson. …[t]hat's a conflict. at the meeting,
mr. paulson said he knew of the deal but recused himself from the decision,
leaving it to the board." (wsj,
10/28/06, "rain on parade") 
of all the cheap gin joints in this world, goldman picked the right one
without any direction.  paulson's
underlying assumption is that whatever goldman wants is proper. 
 
       
"the private-equity buyout boom has found critics in congress and among
some investors recently.  now the country's most important court for corporate
law has raised questions about some deals. i n recent back-to-back opinions, the
delaware court of chancery criticized two publicly listed companies that have
agreed to sell themselves to private investors. the rulings expressed concern
that topps co. and lear corp.
hadn't disclosed enough information to shareholders about possible incentives
the companies' managements may have to agree to the deals. ... the author of
both opinions, 43-year-old vice chancellor leo e. strine jr., is a colorful
figure who has emerged as something of a public face of the court. ... in the
case of lear, an auto-parts maker that billionaire financier carl icahn is
seeking to buy for $2.9 billion, mr. strine faulted the company's board for
letting chief executive robert e. rossiter negotiate the deal with mr. icahn on
his own. ...  the delaware court's
increased scrutiny of possible conflicts comes amid rising complaints, and more
lawsuits, criticizing buyout deals for allegedly enriching corporate executives
at the expense of the shareholders. ... in the current buyout craze, many buyout
firms retain the management by offering rich pay packages and a stake in the
newly private entity. these deals are being challenged in the courts by
shareholders who allege that they are getting a meager payout for the company.
they say boards are accepting deals based on factors other than the
best-available price. in addition, shareholders are accusing boards of running
into the friendly arms of private-equity buyers to escape activist hedge funds,
who are trying to oust them through proxy battles. in the case of topps, the 

new york

 producer of trading cards, collectibles and candy, shareholders have accused
the board of breaching its duties to get the highest price for the company....
'when directors bias the process against one bidder and toward another not in a
reasoned effort to maximize advantage for the stockholders, but to tilt the
process toward the bidder more likely to continue current management, they
commit a breach of fiduciary duty,' mr. strine warned in his topps
opinion." (wsj, 7/12/07, "court faults buyouts") 
either bods have no shame or consider the company's shareholders to be
powerless persons whose intelligence needs insulting. 

 
        
not only do ceos get theirs, but, when they do wrong, shareholders foot
the bill.
"ho-hum,
another week, another multimillion-dollar settlement between regulators and a
behemoth bank acting badly.  … as
has become all too common in these cases, not one individual was identified as
being responsible for the activities. once again, shareholders are shouldering
the costs of unethical behavior they had nothing to do with. … a different
proposal comes in a new book by claire a. hill and richard w. painter,
professors at the university of minnesota law school. in 'better bankers, better
banks,' they argue for making financial executives personally liable for a
portion of any fines and fraud-based judgments a bank enters into, including
legal settlements. … if bankers aren’t willing to institute a system
involving personal liability, regulators and judges could require it as part of
their settlements or rulings, ms. hill said in an interview." (2/6/16, nyt, "fining bankers, not shareholders,
for banks’

 misconduct") the
problem is that, if directors encourage policies to hold ceos personally
responsible, someone might get the idea of holding directors personally
responsible.

  

                       
b.    reciprocal
enrichment
 
       
"excessive pay means top executives have had too much influence over their
boards of directors. if that's the case, bad ceos are able to hang on to their
jobs long after they should be driven out. in a new study titled pay for
failure: the compensation committees responsible, corporate library
researchers paul hodgson and rick marshall focus on 11 large corporations that
paid their ceos more than $15 million over the last two years even though their
stocks had plummeted. … [t]he researchers found that incentive plans used
performance targets that were too easy to hit. few of the plans, for example,
required that the company's performance be measured against its industry peers.
… [c]orporate directors typically aim to set ceo pay at levels above the
industry average. … if pay has to be above average but performance does not,
pay will ratchet upward every year even if a company languishes. … why do
corporate boards, which are supposed to represent shareholders, keep pushing
executive pay up? it's a matter of mutual back-scratching, as another recent
study confirmed. it is titled ceo compensation, director compensation, and
firm performance: evidence of cronyism? the authors are john k. wald,
professor at the smeal college of business at 
pennsylvania

state

university, and rutgers

business school

 professors ivan brick and oded palmon. they found that companies paying ceos
excessive amounts also pay directors excessive amounts. most important:
companies that pay too much also tend to perform worse than their peers."
(philadelphia inquirer, 5/28/06, "when pay
keeps going up even if performance does not")
 
       
"trying to counter prosecution claims that mr. kozlowski was exceptionally
extravagant with company money, mr. campriello showed jurors an expense report
mr. (john) fort submitted for his attendance at a single three-day board
meeting.  he billed the company (tyco) for more than $16,000, including $14,807 for round-trip airfare from houston. 'that's what it costs to fly from 
houston
 to new york

 and back?' mr. campriello asked 'this is the way we traveled,' mr. fort
said."  (nyt, 2/2/05,
"director's fee didn't violate tyco policy, witness says")  does
anyone doubt that so-called expense reimbursement information should be included
on proxy statements?  permitting extravagant expenses is the morale
equivalent of bribery.

 
       
"fannie mae increased the fees it pays its directors for attending
meetings by as much as 150%, raised their annual stock-based compensation and
gave each a one-time, lump-sum payout of about $192,000 in restricted stock late
last year...  fannie chairman and chief executive franklin d. raines
received salary, bonus and other compensation last year ... that was 61% more
than ... he collected for 2002...."  (wsj, 4/29/04, "fannie mae
lifts fees and payouts for its directors")  such vague reporting makes
it sound as if fannie mae is the person who decided to enlarge the pay
packages.  however, fannie mae is not a person.  either mr. raines
and/or the bod members themselves raised the bod's compensation.


 
       
"just
when you thought you had seen the most outrageous transfer of shareholder
wealth to executives through stock options, along comes a company that tops
them all.  the
broadcom corporation … shareholders are being asked to vote on a
company proposal to increase by 12 million the number of shares authorized for
grants under its 1998 stock incentive plan. in addition, a 'yes' vote
will expand the types of stock awards that the company can offer executives and
employees, as well as grant the compensation committee the right to reprice
underwater options at any time. this objectionable repricing practice removes
the risk for executives and employees that outside shareholders incur when their
stock falls. … the plan's cost is equal to 12.2 percent of broadcom's
enterprise value… and would dilute existing shareholders' interests by 3.7
percent if put in place.  had the
proposed plan been in place last year, it would have cost shareholders an amount
equal to about 75 percent of the company's revenue, the firm said. 
broadcom lost almost $1 billion in 2003. its retained earnings totaled a
negative $6.7 billion at year-end. … the 2003 repricing allowed the exchange
of 20 million options, with an average price of $51, for 18 million options at
about $35, giving broadcom insiders a windfall of $250 million…. 
broadcom directors are among the highest-paid in the country…;
they receive $450,000 a year in options and cash and an additional 100,000
options granted every four years that would be worth about $2.5 million if
awarded today. the average director at companies of similar size received
$140,000 a year…."  (nyt,
4/18/04, "bubble lives on at broadcom, where options still rain down")
 
       
how can a very well paid director/consultant say, "no," to a ceo who is wise
enough to recognize his/her unique abilities and to pay handsome compensation to
engage that director's services? 
who among us thinks that at least $36,666.66 per month is not enough to
buy a rubber stamp? 
"joshua m. berman had until 29 february 2000 been affiliated
with a law firm that served as outside counsel to the company and had since 1
march 2000 been engaged by the company to render legal, regulatory and other
professional services.”  
“mr. berman was a director of tyco until december 5, 2002. 
from
march 1, 2000 through july 31, 2002, mr. berman was engaged to render legal and
other services.  during this period, tyco compensated mr. berman at an annual
rate of $360,000 and provided mr. berman with health benefits, secretarial
assistance, a cell phone and electronic security services for his homes. 
… 
board remuneration for fiscal 2003 was set at $80,000, payable at the
monthly rate of $6,666.66 for each full month on the board … and 20,000 stock
options that will vest one year after issuance.” (various post-scandal tyco sec filings) 
“(mark) belnick's lawyer, reid weingarten, said … 
joshua berman, a director and former partner at  kramer levin naftalis
& frankel, consistently opposed belnick.  weingarten said the two clashed
over several issues, including the amount of tyco business sent to kramer levin
for which berman received referral fees." 
(new york law journal, 5/7/04, "trial
under way for tyco ex-gc mark belnick") 
"[q]uestions have been raised about tyco paying millions of dollars in
legal fees to the former law firm of board member joshua berman, a tyco vice
president. …. mr. berman left the new york firm, kramer levin, in february
2000, but has been a tyco executive since 1997." 
(ap, 7/702, "as
board probes tyco, cynics point to conflicts --- some members have
received sweet deals")  "mr. berman, a lawyer who served on tyco's board
for 35 years, said that his $30,000 monthly payments were authorized by  l.
dennis kozlowski, tyco's former chief executive, and were not approved by
the board or disclosed in filings with the united states securities and exchange
commission."  (bloomberg,
6/16/04, "ex-tyco director testifies that he was secretly paid")
 
        "dissident
shareholders question (george)  mitchell's ability to oversee eisner because of this
vocal support of the executive.  he
also has drawn fire from critics for having business ties to disney in the past
while sitting on the board.  …
critics argue that the move is merely cosmetic and that nothing short of his
departure from the company would end the controversy." 
(3/4/04, lat, "disney's eisner loses top post, stays as ceo") 
"mitchell's law firm, piper rudnick, has received more than $2.1 million in
fees and expenses from disney....  those payments ended two years ago amid
an outcry from corporate governance experts.  while serving as a director,
mitchell has received about $300,000 in fees as a paid consultant to disney,
which terminated the arrangement in late 2001." (3/4/04, lat, "naming
of mitchell draws criticism: independence of new chairman, who had sided with
eisner, is called into question.")  "mr.
mitchell, 70, … who has little business experience, said … yesterday that he
had no desire to play the corporate strategist, as many chairmen do. 
instead, he sees his main job as negotiating among factions of unhappy
investors, other board members and michael d. eisner, the chief executive who
lost the chairman's title in the wake of a resounding no-confidence vote at the
company's shareholder meeting on wednesday. … mr. mitchell's appointment is
not sitting well with many of the investors … nor with corporate governance
experts. they complained that not only does mr. mitchell have negligible
corporate experience, but they say he is too closely allied to mr. eisner and
his appointment does little to address investor discontent with mr. eisner's
management of the company. …  mr. mitchell takes umbrage at the notion he is beholden
to mr. eisner.  he said he had only
had three social dinners with mr. eisner at most. … mr. eisner actually
approached mr. mitchell in 1995 to gauge his interest in joining disney as
president. 'i watched him in the senate and i heard a speech he gave and i was
blown away,' mr. eisner said. … mr. mitchell said because the decision was
made only on wednesday, the duties of the job had not been completely defined. 
but he said the setup and his lack of business experience should not
impede his ability to oversee mr. eisner." (nyt, 3/5/04, "for a diplomat,
task is quelling disney's unrest")  "beholden"
is a much broader concept than "social dinners." 
mitchell, a person who admits to having little business experience, has
eisner to thank for his eight-year relationship with disney, associated
compensation, etc.  the most beholden directors
may live in states of denial.    
       
"[a]fter mitchell stopped receiving the fees from disney, he continued to earn
them from other boards on which he sat.  and that has prompted some governance
experts and investment fund officials to question his sincerity toward reform
and sensitivity to appearances. … 
[t]he practice has drawn fire from some investors and corporate
governance activists. their concern is that directors may have competing
loyalties between the shareholders they are supposed to serve and the executives
who put them on the payroll. … 
mitchell said: 'i met and consulted with the ceo and with other members
of disney management on international business operations and made several trips
on such matters, including visits to tokyo and paris.' 
several former high-level disney executives familiar with the company's
international operations said they never crossed paths with mitchell in any of
their overseas business.  … 
disney … wouldn't elaborate on mitchell's consulting duties, saying the
information was 'proprietary.'" 
(lat, 3/29/04, "mitchell
consult work is criticized")
 
       
some ceo's know how to win friends and influence directors using shareholder
assets.  "[a]s sovereign
bancorp's chief executive, jay s.
sidhu has … become a national force in community banking by repeatedly
triumphing over rebellious directors and shareholders. …  people
familiar with the board say mr. sidhu has excluded directors from important deal
deliberations or waits until the last minute to brief them. some investors say
his public statements about acquisition plans are misleading. today, mr. sidhu
has a board of supportive directors who have scant banking experience, are
compensated unusually well and, in some cases, enjoy access to sovereign loans
and business opportunities. … sovereign directors used to receive as much as
$313,127 each a year, including bonuses tied to management's board-approved
bonuses, relational estimates. that's about $100,000 more than what directors at
citigroup inc., the world's largest bank, receive. following pressure from
relational, sovereign in august lowered directors' pay to between $142,000 and
$182,000. while that's more than directors at similar banks get, sovereign
justifies the pay by noting that its directors meet 14 times a year, five more
times than its peer average. sovereign has had business dealings with and made
increasing loans to its directors in recent years. … sovereign rents office
space from a real-estate firm owned by director cameron c. troilo sr., the compensation committee's chairman. 
in the monday filing, the bank said payments to the company are expected to
total $487,454 this year. sovereign added that the troilo leases all have been
at market rates. mr. troilo didn't return calls. in late 1999, the bank loaned
$3.5 million to mr. troilo so he could buy a lawrenceville, n.j., bank building
from sovereign for $2.8 million, upgrade it, and lease some of it back to the
bank. to help secure the loan, mr. troilo used another sovereign-mortgaged
property, in pennsylvania, that he also rented to the bank. sovereign rejected a competing investor
group's offer of just over $3 million. the monday filing said mr. troilo's bid
was better because it included 'no financing, inspection or due diligence'
conditions."  (wsj,
11/25/05, "boardroom survivor: behind sovereign's growth: a chief
who plays hardball")  hmmm! 
now, directors only receive $13,000 (182,000/14) per meeting.  
why would troilo, as a reasonable real estate investor, waive
"inspection" and/or "due diligence"? 
was sovereign concerned that its building could not withstand
"inspection or due diligence"?  was
any such concern worth $200,000 ($3 - $2.8 million)? 
upon what objective criteria was that decision made and by whom?  
but, after all, it is just another instance of shareholder assets being
considered as chump change!
       
"loans to sovereign (bancorp) directors and executive officers have risen to $94.1
million, from $4.7 million six years ago. the bank offers no relevant disclosure
about the loans, including terms, interest rates or performance. relational
(investors) discovered the full extent of them only by cross-referencing
sovereign's securities and exchange commission filings with records at the
office of thrift supervision. in its most recent quarterly sec filing, sovereign
left off about $24 million worth of loans. sovereign says the sec filings
excluded credit extensions that haven't been drawn down. … sovereign and its
subsidiaries for years have paid office-space rent to one of its directors, cameron
troilo. the payments skyrocketed to $618,700 in 2001, from $68,544 in 1996.
since 2001, however, sovereign's filings have included no specific figures, just
vague reassurances. mr. troilo's independence is unaffected, its latest filing
says, because ‘the amount of rent paid ... was not material’ to sovereign or
the director." (wsj, 11/2/05, "long & short: sovereign bancorp's
takeover deal looks like a dis to shareholders")

 
       
''consider visteon, the auto parts maker spun off from ford in 2000. … visteon is in a difficult financial condition, to put it politely.
wall street is skeptical that a three-year turnaround plan will work, and fitch
has cut its bond rating to triple c, which is low even for junk bonds. …
last year, visteon's stock price fell by 36 percent. so far this year it is
down another 27 percent. but there is little pain at the top. michael
f. johnston … got a 50 percent increase in total compensation last year,
to $7.7 million. …[i]t also shows that the board thinks he is doing a
wonderful job. … the board explains the payouts to top management by saying
they are based on performance and comparisons with the pay of bosses at similar
companies. but there is no mention of internal equity -- of the justice of
paying a lot to bosses when workers and investors are suffering. … [t]his
board has decided to give itself a raise this year. base pay goes up $10,000, to
$70,000, and -- if shareholders approve at next month's annual meeting --
directors will get $70,000 a year in stock, up from $10,000. perhaps board
members think they deserve an increase because their past stock grants keep
losing value.''  (nyt, 4/14/06, ''at
visteon, bonuses defy gravity'')  did
the bod and management engage in reciprocal
enrichment at shareholders' expense?
 
       
"critics have long questioned the outsize pay packages and lucrative share
sales of countrywide financial corp.'s chairman and chief executive, angelo
mozilo. but outside members of the company's board also have above-average
compensation, and three of them have sold more than $2 million of countrywide
shares apiece since mid-2006. ... they face tricky choices in deciding how much
to challenge 68-year-old mr. mozilo, who co-founded the company 38 years ago.
... countrywide's nonemployee directors collect fees, shares that they must hold
for at least a year, and perks that include health insurance and spousal travel,
according to the latest proxy statement. their total compensation ranged from
$344,988 to $477,824 in 2006, according to the statement. (that excludes
compensation of as much as $71,000 that some of the directors get for being on
the board of countrywide's savings bank.) the pay range is above median total
compensation for directors of the 200-largest u.s.
concerns, which was $204,975 in 2006, according to the national association of
corporate directors. countrywide said directors review their compensation
annually with the help of an independent pay consultant.... countrywide rewards
board members so well that 'at some point, you cross the line between paying for
services provided and a very lucrative thing where board members aren't going to
challenge management,' says mark reilly, a partner at 3c, compensation consulting consortium. 'i do think they have crossed the line.' ... corporate
library has long argued that countrywide's board has done a poor job of
designing mr. mozilo's pay package, guaranteeing him too much compensation
regardless of performance. ... pearl meyer & partners, a new york
compensation consulting firm, was the independent adviser to the board's
compensation committee during the board's 2004 contract-renewal talks with mr.
mozilo. the consultants urged directors to slim his hefty contract, partly by
revamping his annual bonus formula.... directors kept the formula and decided to
replace the consultancy....." (wsj,
11/3/07, "countrywide directors' dilemma")  "mr.
(harley w.) snyder, 75, is countrywide's lead director. 
institutional shareholders who have tried to engage the countrywide board on
issues like mr. mozilo's pay say that mr. snyder, who has been a board member
since 1991, prevents such dialogues from occurring. one complaint was that he
does not share letters from stockholders with other members of the
board."  (nyt, 11/11/07, "countrywide's chief salesman and
defender")  shareholders could easily cure the latter complaint by sending a
copy of the letter to each other director.

 
        
"a surprising number of embattled ceos, forced out for poor performance or
legal problems, find a warm reception from outside corporate boards on which
they sit. charles prince, for
instance, who stepped down under fire as citigroup
inc.'s ceo in 2007, is a five-year member of the johnson & johnson board. corporate-governance policies at
j&j and many other u.s. companies require outside directors to offer to
resign if their "professional status" changes— meaning they lose a
post, take a new one or retire. the rules are in place to allow boards to retain
an appropriate mix of retired and active executives and push out members who no
longer have the time for outside directorships because of more demanding new
jobs. ... still, many governance watchers and veteran directors say boards
rarely accept a resignation after a member loses a ceo spot—no matter the
reason. ... the median direct compensation for directors at the top 200
companies on the standard & poor's 500 is $228,058, according to a study
released this year by the national association of corporate directors. ...
another former chief who kept a directorship is richard
syron, ousted as head of freddie mac in 2008 when the u.s. government
seized the mortgage giant. he recently received a warning that he may face civil
action from the securities and exchange commission as part of its investigation
into whether freddie mac properly disclosed its exposure to subprime loans. ...
genzyme corp., where mr. syron held a board seat, rejected his offer to resign.
mr. syron didn't have to defend his actions to fellow board members. ... to be
sure, boards occasionally drop a member after leaving a ceo post under fire.
advanced micro devices inc. accepted the resignation of david
edmondson in february 2006, the same month that he admitted inflating his
educational background and quit the helm of radioshack corp. amd declined to
comment." (6/6/11, wsj, "staying on boards after humble exit")
it's just part of the lack of accountability that is currently so pervasive in
our society. i just could not resist the temptation. the devil made me do it.
but, everyone lies. the other dude done it. it was my poor upbringing. etc. etc.
then, there is reciprocal back scratching. it would be so embarrassing at the
country club to encounter a removed former fellow director. 



       
b.      the director clique
 
       
additional conflicts of interest are caused by the existence of a director
clique.  
 
       
"[a]n inner sanctum of
friends, colleagues and partners ... sit on corporate boards together. ... [t]hat
creates the potential for serious conflicts of interest and negates what is
supposed to be an independent watchdog in corporate america.... [t]he degree to
which america's boards are connected shows that a lot of power is concentrated
in relatively few hands." (usa today, 11/25/02, "web of board members
ties together corporate america")  membership in the director clique is by invitation only. 
"'getting on a board is like being
invited into a secret club,' notes james kristie, editor of directors &
boards magazine.  'there's a collegiality that's required, so you aren't going to
be invited in unless you've demonstrated that you can work within the system and
the club.  no one wants a wild card.'" (usa today, 11/1/02, "good old boys' network still
rules corporate boards")  "[t]here has developed a cadre of
'professional directors' who serve on numerous boards in their 'retirement
years.' ... for these individuals a board fee of $50,000 to $100,000 per board
amounts to a considerable retirement stipend.  it's not surprising that
their objective is to get along." (wsj, 2/18/03, "manager's journal
--- corporate boards: a director's cut")
 
       
statistical analyses can go just so far in detecting links between directors. 
"[a]n analysis of more than 2,000 corporate boards and 22,000 board members
by the corporatelibrary shows.... 82 directors on the boards of s&p 500
companies sit on the boards of four or more other companies ... 171 of s&p
500 companies have such [stacked with directors who sit together on another
company's board] interlocks...." (usa today, 7/30/04, "corporate
boards get a little less interlocked")  is this a false sample? 
what about the 13,500+ non-s&p 500 companies?  what about relationships
between directors through private companies, private charities and/or private
country and/or yacht clubs?
 
       
"[b]oards of directors are notoriously social organizations, where the goal
is  not to maximize profits but to avoid embarrassment while maintaining social
cohesion within the board and the larger corporate community.  for
directors, it is simply bad form to nitpick over a couple of million dollars
with another member of the club, particularly one who helps set director fees or
serves on the compensation committee of other corporations." (washington post, 4/30/03, "a rigged market for ceos")
 
       
even legendary investor warren e. buffett was  not immune to the
collegiality.  he recently wrote to the shareholders of
berkshire hathaway inc. on the subject of director passivity.  "warren buffett ...
confessed ... after sitting on 19
boards in the past 40 years: 'too often i was silent when management made
proposals that i judged to be counter to the interests of shareholders.' 
in those cases, 'collegiality trumped independence,' buffett said.  a
certain social atmosphere presides in boardrooms where it becomes impolitic to
challenge the chief executive, he wrote." (cbs marketwatch,
3/8/03, "buffett chides corporate boards")  was he admitting to passivity or
breaches of fiduciary duty to shareholders?  "berkshire's seven-member
board includes buffett's wife, susan; his 48-year-old son, howard; and three
executives who have business ties to the company." (lat, 5/5/03,
"buffett applauds wall street settlement")  "one
governance-rating firm, institutional shareholders services inc., rated 
berkshire hathaway a paltry 1.5 points out of a possible 100."  (wsj,
11/14/03, "in tough times for ceos, they head to warren buffett's
table")  mr. buffett is reputed to be the best of the best! 
thus, shareholders have  no reason to expect better representation from any other director.
       
"warren buffett told investigators that he asked the top executive of a berkshire
hathaway inc. insurance unit questions several times about a contentious
transaction with  american international group inc. but that he never learned any
details, people close to the matter say. … among the questions regulators
wanted answered, which wasn't done under oath, was how much detail mr. buffet
learned about the transaction, done in 2000 between the 
berkshire
 unit, general reinsurance, and aig."  (wsj,
4/12/05, "buffett didn't get deal details") 
what does this mean?  buffet,
the best of the best, found it necessary to ask a subordinate multiple times
about a sizable transaction and walked away without getting the "details." 
why did he find it necessary to ask in this first place? 
was he suspicious when he had to ask a second time? 
what about the third time?  did
the subordinate still retain his job?  is
there a letter of reprimand in the file?  what
does the subordinate say he communicated to buffet?  did
buffet ask anyone else in his employ when his "top executive"
could/would not spill the beans?  why
was the questioning of buffet not done under oath? 
well, since he was questioned by regulators, if the truth not be told,
there is always the obstruction of justice route.  hopefully, buffet does better
where he serves in the capacity of a corporate director. "mr. (ronald)

ferguson (then ceo of general re) has told investigators that he did provide
details to mr. buffet.... after his talk with mr. buffet, mr. ferguson wrote an
e-mail to joseph brandon, then general re executive vice president, describing
the conversation with mr. buffet, saying that he asked mr. buffet whether the
deal was proper.  mr. ferguson reported that mr. buffet said the deal was
proper, but not by a large margin.  mr. buffet told regulators that didn't
happen. ... mr. buffet told regulators that he asked mr. brandon several times
whether general re's accounting on the deal was okay, but didn't learn
details." (wsj, 4/13/05, "aig, general re officials knew of deal's
risk")  did ferguson and buffet discuss how small "not by a large
margin" actually was and why?  did ferguson want to know?  if
not, why not?  was a copy of the email transmitted to buffet when it was
written?  did buffet read it and not respond? when did buffet first
question brandon?  what triggered the question?  if brandon was not
answering buffet, perhaps buffet could have asked his external auditors? 
on the other hand, if one is suspicious, why alert the external auditors to look
carefully at what might be a minefield?  perhaps the issue of a director's
fiduciary duty to shareholders was lost in an ethical haze?


 
       
in march 2003, arthur levitt, chairman of the sec from 1993 to 2001, made
some astonishing comments at the cfo rising conference.  he stated, in
part, "i've sat on enough boards and audit committees to understand the
kind of culture of seduction that characterizes many boards.  it's a game
that many ceos played and played well by seducing their boards with perks and
private attention and contributions to favorite philanthropies, and meetings
that were short on substance and long on fluff.  the boards became
willing accomplices.  and it's part of the american personality to go along
and become more fraternal rather than more vigilant."  (cfo
magazine, may 2003, "you are the guardians")  mr. levitt did all that board sitting
 before
1993.  from 1993 to 2001, as chairman of the sec, what did he do or attempt to
do to cure the specific problem?  also, it appears that mr.
levitt is claiming that it would be un-american to require directors to be vigilant on
behalf of shareholders.
 
       
directors who served at failed companies may rate a red badge of courage and
additional opportunities to employ their varied talents. 
"former board members of scandal-hit companies such as  enron and

worldcom once seem destined to become corporate pariahs, viewed as inept or
worse. … rather than being shunned, some have retained board memberships at
other publicly traded companies and, in some cases, even added to them…. 
[m]ore than 20 individuals who were on the boards of enron corp.,
worldcom inc., adelphia communications corp., and global crossing ltd before the
firms filed for bankruptcy protection … currently hold over 50 board seats of
u.s. publicly traded companies. … [d]irectors of companies that enter into
bankruptcy proceedings are required to disclose this fact to any new board they
join for the following five years. 
in some cases, however, companies have stopped passing on this
information in proxy materials distributed to shareholders…." (reuters,
7/25/04, "scandal
firms' former directors in demand") 
this
may be another example of the principle of collective unaccountability
--- everyone was culpable, thus, no one was culpable.
       
"the fates of failed executives such as bernie ebbers and ken lay are well
known.  but what about the directors of companies like enron, worldcom,
adelphia communications, global crossing, waste management, tyco international
and others who oversaw the implosion of hundreds of billions in market
capitalization?  in many cases, they got better jobs. ... but many
companies don't make it easy for shareholders to find out where their directors
have been.  sprint nextel's biography for  william e. conway, for instance,
mentions nothing about his stint at enron."  (forbes, 11/17/05,
"teflon directors")

 
       

"john l. thornton (of goldman sachs
group) ... is an old prep-school pal of mr. ford's, someone with whom he shares
several friends and even more interests. ... mr. thornton was appointed to the
ford board at the recommendation of the company's chief executive and chairman
...." (nyt, 12/8/02, "ford and goldman, so cozy at the top") 
"the
ford motor company agreed yesterday to settle a lawsuit that accused its chief
executive of improperly accepting shares of the initial public offering of the
goldman sachs group, which agreed to pay $13.4 million under the deal.
the lawsuit … said the chief executive and chairman, william clay ford jr.,
received an allocation of 400,000 shares in 1999 because he was the chairman of
ford, which had deep banking ties with goldman sachs. the suit said mr. ford's
acceptance of the shares was a 'usurpation of an opportunity that belonged to
the company'.... 
after shareholders complained in late 2002, the company formed a
committee that concluded that mr. ford had not acted improperly. 
… 
mr. ford's purchase in may 1999 of 400,000 shares of goldman sachs, the
largest allocation to an individual, drew attention after a lawyer for ford
shareholders wrote to the company's board, demanding an investigation. … since
1996, goldman has earned more than $90 million in fees from ford. 
the shareholders demanded that mr. ford return any profits
and pay damages to the company for the lost investment opportunity. 
when mr. ford bought the shares, goldman's co-chief operating officer,
john thornton, sat on ford's board. … ford's board formed a committee of independent
directors, which determined in february 2003 that  no wrongdoing had
occurred. 
nevertheless, mr. ford immediately sold his goldman shares and
gave the $4.5 million in profits to charity. 
… the defendants said that as chairman, mr. ford had no significant
say in the awarding of investment banking business. they also said … that mr.
ford had a long personal banking relationship with the firm. ‘shares in the
goldman i.p.o. were offered to mr. ford by goldman … not as an inducement for future
business from ford motor company,’ the settlement said. (nyt, 11/04/04,
"ford settles investors' suit over i.p.o. of goldman") 
goldman, not mr. ford, is to pay $13.4 million when shareholders demanded
return of mr. ford’s profit of $4.5 million.  mr. ford probably claimed a
tax deduction for his charitable donation. 
one can only wonder what the shareholders’ attorneys learned during
their discovery efforts and whether the settlement agreement deals with
confidentiality and return/destruction of documents produced during discovery. 
the net result was that goldman returned a small part of the $90 million
that it has received from ford and, possibly, its charges for the next service
that it renders on behalf of ford will take that payment into account. 
and, how does one determine that "no wrongdoing had occurred"? 
"ford motor's outside directors found that chairman ford's decision to
accept the goldman ipo allocation didn't violate ford motor policies."
(wsj, 11/4/04, "ford, goldman settle an ipo lawsuit")  perhaps,
ford did not have a specific "policy" on the subject.  thus, mr.
ford did not violate the non-existent policy.  therefore, "no wrongdoing
had occurred."
 
       
"a tribune study of the most recent annual reports from the 20 largest u.s.

 corporate foundations revealed they gave nearly $25 million to non-profit
groups for which one or more directors was an employee, trustee or held another
leadership position. in some cases, 10 percent or more of all donations went to
these organizations. 
add in grants by the foundations of the two chicago-based companies that
rank among the nation's 50 largest foundations, and the total reaches almost $30
million--an average of more than $102,000 each for the 287 directors at the 22
companies. … how such donations affect what goes on in a director's mind is
impossible to know. companies, directors and non-profits routinely stress the
importance of philanthropy and say the donations don't affect board members'
independence. critics, however, say big donations can create a clubby atmosphere
that may make directors less likely to aggressively challenge management. …
the tribune study likely understates the extent of these donations. although
foundations detail their donations in annual tax filings with the internal
revenue service, companies are not required to disclose most non-profit
affiliations of their directors, making it problematic for investors to know the
full extent of such connections. … it's no secret in boardrooms that some
directors are active in soliciting donations for their favorite charities,
several corporate directors said. 
'it is really, "you give to my favorite charity, and i'll give to
your favorite charity,"' said alice peterson, a former sears, roebuck and
co. and pepsico inc. executive and a longtime corporate board member." 
(chicago tribune, 3/27/05, "boards face a conflict of giving --- gifts from
corporate foundations to entities with ties to directors raise concerns about
loss of independence")
 
       
incumbent directors use company shares contained in the employee stock ownership
plan ("esop") to keep one another in power.  "management has
used the esop shares to vote in concert with the stock controlled by  roy f.
farmer, the 87 year old chairman of the company....  farmers, who are
members of the board, along with other directors ... hold voting control over
about 53% of  farmer bros. stock, including (8% of the shares in) the esop."
(lat, 12/6/03, "investor sues farmer bros.")
 
       
"earlier this year, scott sipprelle, a disgruntled investor and former
morgan executive, sent board members and investors a critique of  morgan stanley
that included a diagram of all the directors' overlapping relationships. 
among other points, he suggested that their independence was compromised because
several are members of the  augusta national gold club, home of the
masters." (wsj, 3/31/05, "purcell's close ties to board complicate
dissidents' mission")  four!  "the titans of business will gather this
week, but it won't be at a summit on wall street. the coming-together will be at
a town in 

georgia

 where the main attraction is a 'gentleman's club' exclusive enough to garner
members by invitation only. augusta national golf club, which openly and proudly
discriminates against women, will produce its masters golf tournament with
considerable help from the masters of corporate america

. … it's hard to imagine this kind of corporate involvement with a club that
flaunted its race discrimination. … a look at the relationships at augusta
provides a picture of how boards of
directors perpetuate themselves and choose only the already chosen. … fully
1,000 corporations and other national institutions have ceos, senior executives,
board members, or former officers who wear the green jacket of 

augusta

 in an interlocking matrix that is breathtaking. … this situation perpetuates
the exclusion of women.  it also makes a mockery of board independence, now
required to protect stockholders and the public from cronyism in financial
dealings. the cronyism that perpetuates gender bias against employees is every
bit as harmful, and ought to be stopped just as forcefully." (wsj, 4/7/05,
commentary: “green jacket cronies”)
       
"morgan stanley is one of few companies that require a 75 percent
vote by directors to replace a chief executive…. at nearly all other
companies, a simple majority will do. … it remains to be seen whether the
close relationships that many of the directors have with mr. (philip j.) purcell
will color their judgment in any way.  indeed,
morgan stanley bankers, not to mention the dissident executives, have accused
the board of coddling him. it is packed with former chief executives, many from
the chicago

 area, where mr. purcell lives. some have golfed together; others have worked
for one another.  …
in recent years, the board has become more diversified… but its core members
remain remarkably monolithic - and the ties that bind them go well beyond the
shared experience of mr. (michael a.) miles and mr. (edward a.)
brennan (ceos who were targets of revolts at kraft and sears, respectively).
 first,
there is the kraft connection. mr. miles, the chairman of the nominating
committee and … recruited two former executives who worked for him at kraft in
the mid-1980's: miles l. marsh and c. robert kidder. 
then there is the mckinsey connection. four directors were partners at
mckinsey, the management consulting firm, as was mr. purcell himself.  and
finally, there is the fact that a number of directors, notably mr. brennan and
mr. miles, serve together on boards at other companies.  …
 mr.
miles, for example, serves on six boards, including that of the amr corporation,
where he serves alongside mr. purcell and mr. brennan. mr. brennan also serves
on six boards, and charles f. knight, a former chief executive of emerson
electric, sits on five, including those of sbc communications (where he serves
with another morgan stanley director, laura d'andrea tyson, a former top
economist in the clinton

 administration) and anheuser-busch, where he serves with mr. jacob. … morgan
stanley's directors say their work as former corporate executives underscores
their independent thinking and trumps any ties they may have with one another.
… others say such ties are not harmful if they are disclosed.  in a recent note
to clients, martin lipton, the takeover lawyer at wachtell, lipton, rosen
& katz who also advises companies on governance matters, criticized the new
class of institutional investors and academic gadflies who say social and
philanthropic ties among directors may compromise their independence. 'these
types of requirement are the antithesis of the kind of collegiality and
relationship with the c.e.o. that is necessary for the board and c.e.o. together
to promote the appropriate tone at the top,' he wrote. 'the concept of the board
as remote strangers and as the agency for discipline of management, rather than
as partner of management in setting the strategic course for the
corporation is contrary to all prior experience and will not lead to better
performance.'  strong words, to be sure, especially considering that mr.
lipton advised mr. brennan during his battle with shareholders.  mr. lipton also
famously earned $20 million for two weeks of work when he advised mr. miles and
kraft on its 1988 merger with philip morris, and he is now advising the
independent directors at morgan stanley on a range of matters, including their
strategy for dealing with their antagonists.  one
point made by the retired executives is that until recently, no director -
including mr. purcell - had ever operated a line of business for a securities
firm. that set morgan stanley apart from nearly every other wall street
firm."  (nyt,
4/24/05, "the ties that bind at morgan stanley")   the bod
as a "partner of management"?  (partners have fiduciary duties to
one another.)  so much for the concept that bods have undivided loyalty to
represent the interests of shareholders!  who is watching the supposed
watchdogs of management?  do conflicts of interest disappear if they are
disclosed to shareholders who have no effective means to remedy the
situation?  
       
"when morgan stanley directors received a letter from a group of retired
executives who argued for the ouster of philip j. purcell, their first call for
help when to the superlawyer  martin lipton. already
on the payroll as an adviser  to the board of governance, mr. lipton
quickly donned a number of other legal hats - advising the board, mr. purcell
and the company itself on tactics, legalities and, most controversially,
severance pay to departing executives. ... once mr. purcell stepped down, a
compensation specialist at wachtell, adam d. chinn, in tandem with the board's
compensation committee, draft the controversial severance packages that awarded
mr. purcell $113 million.... 
in
fact, mr. chinn's reputation for cobbling together generous severance awards
for departing chief executives is such that the contracts are known as
chinn-ups.  as a result of these
payouts, the board has been sued by shareholders and received irate letters from
institutional investors who have decried the packages as a violation of the very
governance practices mr. lipton was hired to improve. … in the battle over mr.
purcell's leadership, many morgan stanley executives were never quite clear
about mr. lipton's role. several said they frequently asked each other: was he
advising the board? mr. purcell?  or
both?  the answer, people close to
the board said, is that mr. lipton was, first and foremost, an adviser to the
board. when it became clear that mr. purcell would depart, he hired his own
lawyer to negotiate. while the very best governance practices would argue for
the hiring of separate counsel on the compensation packages, time and
confidentiality considerations led the board to stick with wachtell. … 
while shareholder gadflies have criticized mr. lipton for being an
apologist for corporate management, that assertion misses the point - that mr.
lipton's fiduciary responsibility is to best represent and advocate in support
of his client's interests." (nyt, 7/28/05, "a lawyer's many
roles")  lipton may be the
"best … in support of his client’s interests," but he seems to
have difficulty determining who his clients are. 
if lipton represented only the bod and, thus, the shareholders, his
fiduciary duty was to get the executive to leave for the lowest amount. 
it is fair to assume that he, at the least, did not discourage the bod
from appointing chinn while knowing that he (chinn) does chinn-ups. 
lipton and chinn are members of the same law firm. 
lipton probably benefits from each fee chinn earns for the firm. 
the bod tries to justify its act of hiring chinn by claiming "time
and confidentiality" considerations.  "time"? 
does lipton's rolodex contain the name of at least one competent
non-wachtell attorney who has a reputation for being parsimonious when dealing
with executive payoffs?  couldn't
lipton have asked chinn for a referral?  "confidentiality"? 
did the bod not know that attorneys, even non-wachtell attorneys, have a
duty to maintain confidentiality?
       
"morgan stanley chief executive philip purcell risked being ousted in a
proxy fight the next spring, the highfields (capital management lp, a hedge
fund) managers said.  … the meeting
with highfields was the last significant event before directors and mr. purcell
decided he should step down…. the tale serves as a caution for boards in an
era when their role in corporate governance is drawing more scrutiny. the damage
from delay when directors fail to spread their antennae widely is especially
great at a wall street securities firm like morgan stanley, where the most
valuable assets can walk out the door and never return. … one director even
sought to squelch a doubter on the board.  at a mid-march board meeting,  laura
d'andrea tyson, a former 
clinton
 administration economic official who is dean of the london

business

school, said directors should take the criticism of mr. purcell's record more
seriously. director  charles knight, former ceo of emerson electric co.,  rebuked
ms. tyson, calling her comment inappropriate … the board took steps to
interview more employees. … mr. knight, the director who had  clashed with ms.
tyson in march, and klaus zumwinkel, chairman of the management board of 

germany's deutsche post ag, said they supported mr. purcell and didn't see any reason
to discuss the matter since the board had already decided on it…. the attempt
to cut off debate bothered some other directors, people familiar with the
meeting say. once messrs. knight and zumwinkel left, the discussion turned more
freewheeling. … … some institutional shareholders are discussing an effort
to vote out the directors at next spring's annual meeting." 
(wsj, 8/5/05, "delayed reaction at morgan stanley, board
slowly faced its purcell problem"  nothing
gets a bod's attention more than a credible threat of an old fashioned proxy
fight.  knight's conduct is
reminiscent of that of a school yard bully who made it to the big time. 
institutional shareholders do much "discussing an effort to out the
directions," but, when push came to shove, they faded. 
knight and zumwinkel, who should be their first targets, need not lose
any sleep.
 

       
"morgan stanley said yesterday that one of its three newly elected directors, roy
j. bostock, had a family connection to a hedge fund that does business with
the firm. mr. bostock's son-in-law, daniel
waters, is a partner and head of the client advisory group at frontpoint
partners, a 

greenwich, 
conn., fund that has been a client of a morgan stanley subsidiary.  last
year, frontpoint paid morgan stanley about $5 million in fees for brokerage and
other services. so far this year, the fund has paid $4.8 million.… family ties
between outside directors and the companies on whose boards they sit tend to
raise concerns among governance watchdogs.  they
generally worry that the indirect connections can impair the directors'
abilities to serve as independent advocates for shareholder interests.” (dow
jones, 8/24/05, "morgan director has ties to hedge fund") 
bostock’s career has been with "advertising
and marketing services" firms. 
(forbes.com)  $5 million per year is a lot of business.
"a
company subsidiary is prime broker for several frontpoint funds…" (morgan
stanley sec 8k 8/17/05)  what efforts, if any, were made by that $5 million
per year customer to place a friendly face on morgan's bod?  how much
direct and/or referral business, if any, does morgan generate for frontpoint? 
is this what is meant by "the ties that bind"? 
if this is what morgan stanley does when it is under a corporate
governance microscope, imagine what might occur when the spot light turns
elsewhere --- business as usual.


 

       
"the home depot board has
awarded him (ceo robert l. nardelli)
$245 million in his five years there. yet during that time, the company's stock
has slid 12 percent while shares of its archrival, lowe's,
have climbed 173 percent.  why would
a company award a chief executive that much money at a time when the company's
shareholders are arguably faring far less well? … [t]he reason (is) … the
clubbiness of the six-member committee of the company's board that recommends
mr. nardelli's pay.  two of those
members have ties to mr. nardelli's former employer, general electric. one used
mr. nardelli's lawyer in negotiating his own salary. and three either sat on
other boards with home depot's influential lead director, kenneth g. langone, or were former executives at companies with
significant business relationships with mr. langone. in addition, five of the
six members of the compensation committee are active or former chief executives,
including one whose compensation dwarfs mr. nardelli's. governance experts say
people who are or have been in the top job have a harder time saying no to the
salary demands of fellow chief executives. moreover, chief executives indirectly
benefit from one another's pay increases because compensation packages are often
based on surveys detailing what their peers are earning. to its critics, the
panel exemplifies the close personal and professional ties among board members
and executives at many companies — ties that can make it harder for a board to
restrain executive pay. they say this can occur even though all of a board's
compensation committee members technically meet the legal definition of
independent, as is the case at home depot.  …
the many connections among home depot's directors cause some critics to ask
whether the nominating committee is failing in finding truly 'independent' board
members. … the net may not have been cast much farther than mr. langone's
circle of friends and associates… [t]he home depot board decided … mr.
nardelli, who had no retail experience, should (become ceo). 
… and when it appeared that mr. nardelli might not hit one of the few
performance goals the board had set to cause payment of a long-term incentive
plan, the board lowered the goalposts…."  (nyt,
5.24/06, "gilded paychecks | ties that bind: with links to board, chief saw
his pay soar")

 

       
"in the latest version of management musical chairs, outside directors are
moving inside as chief executive officers.  more
than a dozen 

u.s.

 companies have installed independent board members as permanent ceos since late
2004. ...  several factors are
spurring such appointments, recruiters and management consultants say. boards
are quicker to fire poorly performing ceos, often before potential internal
successors are ready for the job. many of these companies have deep-seated
problems, making it harder to recruit outsiders. and increasingly, there's a
deep pool of outside executives in the boardroom. 
... some investors disagree. they contend that a chief chosen from the
board signals cronyism and weak succession planning. a director's comfort with a
colleague obscures 'a clear view of the individual's suitability to be a
successful ceo,' says richard breeden, an activist investor and former chairman
of the securities and exchange commission." 
(wsj, 2/4/08, "should companies pick ceos
from their boards?")

 

       
"gen. tommy r. franks, the
former chief of the public broadcasting system and the publisher of a spanish
newspaper would seem to have nothing in common — except for one thing. they
all sit on the board of bank of america. but as they and 13 of their colleagues
meet wednesday to discuss how to steer the bank through its troubled merger with
merrill lynch, they are likely to be united by something else: a reluctance to
undermine the bank's embattled chief executive, kenneth
d. lewis. ... their (shareholder) scrutiny has also turned an unusual
spotlight on the oversight role played by the board members, many of whom were
picked by mr. lewis from several companies that the bank, based in charlotte, 
n.c., absorbed as he molded it into a sprawling financial giant. ... bank of
america's board is an eclectic group, and it will grow larger this week when it
adds three members from the board of merrill. the bank's two most powerful
directors, o. temple sloan jr. and meredith
r. spangler, are close to mr. lewis's predecessor, hugh l. mccoll jr., who
began building the company into the banking giant that it is today. ... aside
from mr. lewis, only two people on the board — the former chief of fleetboston
and a former senior executive of mbna — have roots in banking. while wall
street is rife with tales of bank and brokerage directors who deferred to
executives seeking faster growth through ever-riskier business, bank of
america's shareholder advocates have grown increasingly concerned about the
board's ability to understand financial risks and rein in managers. ... while
critics charge that bank of america's board has been little more than a rubber
stamp in the empire-building campaign of mr. lewis, others describe it as
independent and willing to push back against the chief executive. members of the
board, many of whom are paid upward of $200,000 a year for their service,
declined to comment or did not return calls. ... its members are expected to
vote wednesday on the addition of three directors from merrill lynch.... their
approval would raise the number of board members to 20, and would tighten the
web that already binds many of the board's current representatives. ... yet some
board members are connected in other ways that reveal strong cross-pollinations
with other company boards. ...  'if
institutional investors choose to re-elect the board, then they should stop
blaming the bank,' said orin kramer, a hedge fund manager and chairman of the 

new jersey

 pension fund. 'they should look in the mirror.'" 
(nyt, 1/28/09, "bank of america

 board under gun from critics") 
this bod is a prime candidate for group-think --- a few members might be
familiar with finance and the well-compensated rest might be too afraid to admit
their ignorance.


 

         c.     
directors have been asleep at the wheel

 
       
nothing could get the attention of directors more than the prospect of being
held personally accountable for their lack of diligence in performing their
duties to shareholders.
 
       
"shareholders worried about runaway executive pay are likely to be stunned
by the findings of a new study that shows many board directors still have no
idea how much their ceos would collect if they retire, are fired or bought out. 
board members also acknowledge they are struggling to rein in bloated
executive compensation, but are counting on investors to lead the cause to knock
it down.  those conclusions aren't a
decade old, but are part of a recent survey from the consulting firm pricewaterhousecoopers
and the corporate board member magazine, which culled responses of more
than 1,300 directors at u.s.

 companies. its bottom line: directors still don't have as much control over
corporate dealings that many believe is needed to curb supersized compensation.
... while more boards are independent of management, there are still plenty of
cases of directors using flawed judgment or kowtowing to demanding executives
who are pushing their own agendas. ... part of the problem, it seems, is that
boards are still controlled by ceos, with 50 percent of directors surveyed
saying that board leadership flows from the company's top executive who is also
board chairman. those individuals, therefore, set the agenda as well as the flow
of information at board meetings and among members. ... in the area of
compensation, two-thirds of responding directors believe that u.s.

 company boards are having trouble controlling pay. separately, a third believe
that stockholders are the group most likely to get pay pared down. 
but it is hard to reduce pay when the directors themselves don't know how
much they've even agreed to pay executives.  less
than half of those surveyed said their boards use tally sheets to add up total
compensation, and about one in five directors said that they didn't know what
the ceo would collect if he or she is terminated, retires or should there be a
change in control." (ap, 2/4/07, "corporate directors are out of the
loop")
 
       
"for the first time, directors are going to have to disclose -- and justify
-- the size of these exit and pension packages when proxy season rolls around
this spring. among the bigger shockers in these filings are the tallies showing
how much money executives will cart away if they are terminated or agree to a
merger. ...  buried in these figures
is one of the most contentious items in all of payland: the 'tax gross-up.'  that
is the amount shareholders must pay to cover excise taxes arising when a top
manager pulls the ripcord on his or her golden parachute. ... michael kesner,
principal at deloitte consulting in chicago

 (said,) 'boards are now just getting a sense of how big that number is. people
are surprised.'  how can the same
directors who supposedly o.k.'d the provisions be in the dark about their size?
...  if directors are surprised by
gross-ups, you can imagine how stockholders will react. and given how ubiquitous
gross-ups are -- surveys say 75 percent of chief executives have such
arrangements with their companies -- the shocks could be far and wide. ...  training
the spotlight on gross-ups may help stamp them out. as long as they were kept
under wraps, directors didn't have to justify them to angry shareholders."
(nyt, 2/4/07, "the
c.e.o.'s parachute cost what?")
 


 



       
"on oct. 24, merrill lynch announced its biggest write-down ever, an $8.4 billion
charge that also represents the biggest known loss in wall street history. six
days later, its chief executive, e. stanley o’neal, retired from the company he had run since 2002.
...  underlying
the situation at merrill is the nagging question of what a wall street board is
expected to know about complex financial markets where asset values can shift
drastically and where many directors are not in the business of managing
trillion-dollar balance sheets — or perhaps have little experience in doing
so. ... [s]ome corporate governance experts say directors are responsible for
the quality of the executive ranks and for risk-control oversight. directors
should know what independent risk controls are in place, who is overseeing that
function ... and whether they have a firm grasp on the scope of the operations.
... after every market crisis ... there has been public hand-wringing over how
much involvement directors should have in acting as a check against management.
case law, lawyers say, has affirmed that directors have to be informed and make
sure that obvious red flags are not ignored.  ...
there were certainly some red flags waving in front of directors. one issue
should have been the revolving door of talent in the upper echelons of the
firm.... and, like everyone else, directors knew about the bank's very public
shift into riskier business areas, which until this summer were delivering
handsome profits. merrill had become the top issuer of collateralized debt
obligations in the marketplace, and its profitability soared; fixed-income
revenue in the second quarter was up 201 percent. according to some analysts,
the billion-dollar size of those profits — and the soaring return on equity
— should have caused directors to ask whether the risks being taken to
generate higher profits warranted better controls. ... analysts say that
directors should have asked about the exposures and, more important, what might
happen to those exposures under various financial scenarios, including a
collapse of the mortgage market. ... in july, when credit markets worsened and
merrill faced escalating losses ... merrill's potential losses did not reflect
the heavy levels that they ultimately reached in october. management realized
that there was a structural problem, and merrill announced on sept. 10 that it
was creating a new job — chief risk officer, a post merrill hadn't had before,
even though it is common practice on wall street to have someone in that role.
... regardless of what ratings agencies had to say about the securities merrill
and others were juggling, many investors, especially hedge funds, had been
pointing out the flaws in the structured finance market. william ackmann at pershing square

 and david einhorn at greenlight
capital, for example, sounded the alarm for more than a year, noting that aaa
ratings on less than aaa products did not make sense." (nyt, 11/4/07,
"where did the buck stop at merrill?") 
is it too much to ask that directors keep themselves informed of issues
covered in the news media? 
did ml directors wonder who was dumb enough to grant mortgages to persons
in california

 who purchased homes priced over $1 million with a low or no down payment, but
were engaged in low paid employment and unable to speak english?  did
ml directors feel that packaging such loans enhanced investment quality?
       
"boards sometimes have a shockingly poor grasp of the quality and
performance of their companies' leaders. it is difficult to understand how a
properly evaluated leader could have been honored, as (stan) o'neal was, with a
$46 million performance-based payout as recently as 2006, then be out of
a job for incompetence in 2007. the most plausible explanation is that the
question of whether a company has a good or poor leader remains disturbingly
nebulous for boards. a 'star ceo' seems to be, regrettably, more a social
construction of the media and company pr efforts than a knowable reality –
except, perhaps, with the benefit of hindsight." (wsj, 11/7/07, "wall
street must learn from the boss's downfall")  bods
might anticipate such contingencies by insisting that ceos agree to compensation
clawbacks.

 

 



       
"in recent months, owners of many financial stocks have lost billions
because the directors who represent them were clueless about risky mortgage
operations or toxic loans held by their companies. then last week, shareholders
lost the only shot they had at firing incompetent directors when the securities
and exchange commission voted to prevent investors from nominating their own
board candidates.  after the s.e.c.'s
vote, beleaguered shareholders of merrill lynch,
bear stearns, e*trade
financial and others will have the same directors at the wheel who
drove them off the cliff this year.  ...
certainly the losses generated over the last few months by major financial firms
indicate that something is very wrong with the boards of these companies. these
directors either knew of the risks their managers were taking and blessed them,
did not know of them at all, or were advised of them and were unable to rein in
the executives in charge.  mr. (richard
h.) moore (the treasurer of north carolina) noted that these boards happily paid enormous sums to executives when mortgage
desks were coining money. 'this is post-enron, when boards should have
understood that you cannot base compensation on short-term profits alone, and
yet they continued to sign executive employment agreements with no claw-back
provisions,' he said. 'that to me is a per se breach of fiduciary duty.' a look
at boards of companies with some of the biggest write-downs shows few members
with expertise in mortgage trading or even in the securities business.  ...
  frederick e. rowe jr.,
money manager at greenbrier partners in dallas and president of investors for
director accountability, said the merrill board is diverse and politically
correct but lacks the experience for the complex financial world. ... 'the board
asked the right questions, exercised diligence and acted
aggressively on the basis of the information that was presented to
it,' a merrill spokeswoman said. 'no board, however, can be expected to act on
the basis of information not known to it, and even the most responsible and
diligent board cannot prevent every serious problem that a company may face.'  with
so few capable directors who hold themselves accountable to owners at public
companies, is it any wonder that pension investors are turning to alternatives
like private equity? those managers act like
owners." (nyt, 12/2/07, "s.e.c. sends investors to the children's
table")  merrill's vague
statement leaves many questions unanswered --- what were the "right
questions"? what acts constituted the exercise of "diligence"? 
what did the bod do to act "aggressively"? 
what was "the information"? 
who presented it?  when it
all of the foregoing occur?  what
"information" did the bod not know?   why
did the bod not know the "information"? 

 



       
"as a former chief executive officer of gillette co. and nabisco inc., james
m. kilts knows a thing or two about dealing with corporate boards. so when
mr. kilts gave a keynote speech at a corporate-governance conference last april,
he decided to share some of what he has learned over the years. the advice was
surprisingly simple. 'tell the truth,' mr. kilts told the crowd of executives,
directors, corporate-governance gurus and others. ceos, he said, must be open
with their board about a range of issues, from the failure of strategic plans to
unsavory business practices within the organization. such a recommendation may
seem obvious, but people who have spent time in corporate boardrooms say honest
communication is often lacking between ceos and their fellow directors. ...
we're talking here about the ceos who try to solve problems themselves without
keeping the rest of the board informed of new developments. or the ceos who are
reluctant to admit mistakes -- and may massage the truth to make things appear
better than they are. 'many times it's the thing not said, or overly optimistic
positioning, that gets ceos in trouble,' says mr. kilts.... 
why is it so tough for ceos to keep the board informed in a timely
manner? simply enough, ceos want to appear to be in control, experts say. it can
be hard for them to concede defeat or to admit they don't have all the answers.
... ceos can also be reluctant to admit that things are not progressing as
expected, or that a change in plans may be warranted. this is especially true
when it comes to the executive's vision for the company. ... of course, it can
be hard to get up the courage to tell the board something it may not want to
hear."  (wsj, 1/14/08, "why
ceos need to be honest with their boards") 
is this an apology for bod
sleepiness?  a competent bod member should be aware that ceos have
large egos and tend to obfuscate and, thus, the bod should probe accordingly.

 



       
"another sunday night, another ad hoc bank rescue rooted in no discernible
principle. ... not a single one of citigroup's senior managers and
directors will be let go as a condition of taxpayer assistance that now totals
close to $350 billion. 'citi never sleeps,' says the bank's advertising slogan.
but its directors apparently do. while ceo vikram pandit can argue that
many of citi's problems were created before he arrived in 2007, most board
members have no such excuse. former treasury secretary robert rubin has
served on the citi board for a decade. for much of that time he was chairman of
the executive committee, collecting tens of millions to massage the beltway
crowd, though apparently not for asking tough questions about risk management.
the writers at the deal journal blog remind us of one particularly egregious
massaging, when mr. rubin tried to use political muscle to prop up enron, a
valued citi client. mr. rubin asked a treasury official to lean on credit-rating
agencies to maintain a more positive rating than enron deserved. ... chairman
sir win bischoff has held senior positions at citi since 2000. six other
directors have served for more than 10 years -- including former cia director john
deutch, time warner chairman richard parsons, foundation executive franklin
thomas, former at&t ceo c. michael armstrong, alcoa chairman alain
belda, and former chevron chairman kenneth derr. when taxpayers are
being asked to provide the equivalent of $1,000 each in guarantees on citi's
dubious investments, how can these men possibly say they deserve to remain on
the board? all the more so given that citi's board has lately been airing dirty
laundry about mr. bischoff's role and leaking petty grievances. the directors
all but started a run on the bank themselves, even as the bank assured the world
it was sturdy enough to withstand any losses. ... while other banks can claim to
be victims of the current panic, citi is at least a three-time loser. the same
directors were at the helm in 2005 when the fed suspended citi's ability to make
acquisitions because of the bank's failure to adhere to regulatory and ethical
standards. citi also needed resuscitation after the sovereign debt disaster of
the 1980s, and it required an orchestrated private rescue in the 1990s. such a
record of persistent failure suggests a larger -- you might even call it
'systemic' -- management problem...."  (wsj
- opinion, 11/25/08, "citi's taxpayer parachute --- why are robert rubin
and other directors still employed?")  there
was not
one mention of shareholders and their supposed right, but lack of ability, to
remove the dead-weight! 


        
"under fire for his role in the near-collapse of citigroup
inc., robert rubin said its
problems were due to the buckling financial system, not its own mistakes, and
that his role was peripheral to the bank's main operations even though he was
one of its highest-paid officials. ... mr. rubin, senior counselor and a
director at citigroup, acknowledged that he was involved in a board decision to
ramp up risk-taking in 2004 and 2005, even though he was warning publicly that
investors were taking too much risk. he said if executives had executed the plan
properly, the bank's losses would have been less. its troubles have put the
former treasury secretary in the awkward position of having to justify $115
million in pay since 1999, excluding stock options, while explaining citigroup's
$20 billion in losses over the past year and a government bailout of at least
$45 billion. ... from the time mr. rubin joined citigroup in october 1999 ...
the bank has lurched from crisis to crisis, first with regulatory authorities,
then with investors who grumbled that the bank lacked a strong strategy and was
bloated. ... mr. rubin said it is a company's risk-management executives who are
responsible for avoiding problems like the ones citigroup faces. ...  still,
mr. rubin was deeply involved in a decision in late 2004 and early 2005 to take
on more risk to boost flagging profit growth, according to people familiar with
the discussions. they say he would comment that citigroup's competitors were
taking more risks, leading to higher profits. colleagues deferred to him, as the
only board member with experience as a trader or risk manager. 'i knew what a
cdo was,' mr. rubin said, referring to collateralized debt obligations,
instruments tied to mortgages and other debt that led to many of citigroup's
losses. mr. rubin said the decision to increase risk followed a presentation to
the board by a consultant who said the bank had committed less of the capital on
its balance sheet, on a risk-adjusted basis, than competitors. ... he said
success would have been based on having 'the right people, the right oversight,
the right technology.' ... he said the citigroup board could bear some
responsibility. 'maybe there are things, in the context of the facts we knew
then, we should have done differently,' he said." (wsj, 11/29/08,
"rubin, under fire, defends his role at citi") 
the big bucks, but not the "buck," stopped at rubin's desk. how
much did the bod pay the "consultant" who told them if citi did things
"right," it would result in gains? 
did the "consultant" describe the potential problems if things
were not done "right"?  what
was the "plan"?  how should
the "plan" have been implemented differently? 
perhaps, the bod minutes would set forth some details. 
how much less would "losses" have been? 
what factors were considered in rubin's alternative loss analysis? what
are the "facts" that the bod knew? 
what "things" should the bod have done differently? 
did the bod request or receive interim progress reports? 
for payment of a few hundred thousand dollars to the right pr firm, rubin
and other directors similarly situated could have their public images burnished
and their disastrous decisions expunged.  it
would not be necessary to blame others and the fickle financial markets, but it
has become the american way.

         "analysts say that
managerial problems plagued the citi empire and that its board, which might have
imposed some order, became little more than a rubber stamp during the weill era.
'

sandy

 surrounded himself with yes men,' says mr. (chris) whalen (editor of the
institutional risk analyst). 'he never wanted anyone second-guessing him.'"
(nyt, 1/3/10, "citi's creator, alone with his regrets")

 



        
"[w]hat's the rationale for not firing the boards? bank
directors presided over a disaster in a collective stupor, yet unaccountably
continue to hold on to their seats.... at bofa, the board of directors
includes several current or retired business executives, a college president and

gen. tommy franks, architect of the brilliantly executed iraq

 war. my favorite director is jackie m.
ward, a retired software executive who also serves on five other boards.
these companies paid her total annual compensation of more than $1.5 million in
cash and stock last year, according to their latest disclosure statements. the
six corporations scheduled a total of 52 board meetings over that time, so she
got $28,840 per meeting. ...i don't mean to pick on ms. ward, who for all i know
is still a business dynamo at the age of 70. yet given that she chairs the bofa
board's committee on asset quality, which is ground zero of the company's
implosion, might the institution not have been better served if she had focused
on this one thing?"  (lat,
2/19/09, "we already own the banks -- shouldn't we run them?")
 
        
"you might think that board members overseeing businesses that cratered in
the credit crisis would be disqualified from serving as directors at other
public companies. you would, however, be wrong. directors who were supposedly
minding the store as disaster struck at companies like countrywide financial,
washington mutual or fannie mae have not all been banished from other
boardrooms. in many cases, directors just seem to skate away from company woes
that occurred on their watch. ... [f]ew in this crowd have acknowledged
culpability. taxpayers and shareholders, meanwhile, who had nothing to do with
the problems, are left holding the bag. ... [t]hey continue to get work as
directors at other companies.  ...
this is not to say that these directors are not performing their duties. indeed,
some would argue that directors who have witnessed at close range the collapse
of a company may learn a great deal from that experience and bring to their
boardroom activities an increased sense of responsibility. but it is hard to
blame shareholders for wondering whose side directors are on, given the broad
failures by many board members to recognize and rein in risk-taking at so many
companies. as fiduciaries for the owners of the companies on whose boards they
serve, directors have a duty to act in shareholders' interests. after all, they
are the shareholders' representatives, and they are charged with ensuring that
their companies are operated soundly and with long-term profitability in mind.
yet it doesn't always seem to work out that way. ... the main reason for
director dysfunction is that board members have little fear of being fired for
incompetence or sleepwalking through meetings. because of the way director
elections are structured, board members can win their seats if they receive just
one vote of support. and even if a majority of shareholders withholds support
from directors at annual elections, the directors who are singled out are often
allowed to stay. shareholders interested in ousting a director or two must mount
an expensive proxy fight to do so." (nyt, 12/27/09, "what iceberg?
just glide to the next boardroom")
 
           
"when chief executives take outside directorships, are they spreading
themselves too thin? some institutional investors think so. there are 118 top
officers of fortune 1000 companies who sit on at least three boards, including
their employer's.... critics say many senior executives are too 'overboarded' to
do their jobs and monitor management elsewhere. ... some investors are actively
objecting to executives' multiple directorships. calpers and the uaw
retiree medical benefits trust ... say they likely will oppose board
re-elections at 2012 annual shareholder meetings of several dozen ceos with more
than one outside board seat. ... senior executives used to eagerly accept
directorships to broaden their business perspective. but the time demands of
board service have risen sharply. a single directorship required an average
commitment of 228 hours in 2011, up sharply from 210 in 2006, according
to surveys by the national association of corporate directors.
boards, meanwhile, are rewarding members more handsomely. among companies in the
standard & poor's 500-stock index, average annual compensation for directors
exceeded $232,000 in 2010, up 8% from $215,000 the year before, according
to a 2011 study by recruiting firm spencer stuart." (2/29/12, wsj,
"are executives overboarded?") wsj reader comment: "taking on
overloaded directors is one of many lesser-known tactics that help consolidate
power in managers. overloaded directors come to meetings unprepared, mind
wandering and without the full attention necessary to make complex,
company-specific decisions. in those cases, they often end up deferring judgment
to management and rubber-stamping decisions, which defeats the purpose of the
board to begin with." one might just follow the money --- $232,000 for 228
hours of "being there" with minimal accountability. few professionals
garner $1,000 per hour. 
 
       
"it's
distressingly common for directors of public companies to skate away from
liability when corporate misconduct occurs on their watch. that's why a recent
ruling by a federal judge hearing two cases against wells fargo's officers and
directors is both unusual and welcome. the cases were filed against the bank by
shareholders seeking to recover losses that were sustained, they say, in the
wake of wells fargo's widespread creation of fake or unauthorized accounts — a
scandal that has besieged the bank, hurt its shares and caused the ouster of its
chief executive last year. the defendants in the case recently ruled on by the
judge are 15 current or former directors and four current or former officers. it
is a so-called derivative action, brought on behalf of wells fargo on the
grounds that it was harmed by the improprieties. … [j]on s. tigar, the judge
hearing the cases in united states district court in san francisco … allowed
the case to go forward so the plaintiffs would have a chance to prove their
allegations. [the] ruling sent a clear message to public company officers and
directors: be vigilant for bad behavior in your operations, or else. the
court concluded that the complaint's allegations had plausibly suggested that a
majority of the wells fargo directors had 'consciously disregarded an obligation
to be reasonably informed about the business and its risks or consciously
disregarded the duty to monitor and oversee the business.' …
the judge didn't stop at wells fargo's directors. he was also tough on
some of the bank’s executives, stating that these defendants must have known
about the improper account-opening practices because they had access to internal
information, including data about the company's promotion of in-house products
to clients, known as cross-selling. … [i]n their lawsuit the plaintiffs contend that each of the
directors they have sued either led or was a member of a board committee
'responsible for oversight of the allegedly fraudulent banking practices.' the
committees are audit and examination; corporate responsibility; governance and
nominating; human resources; and risk." (11/3/17, nyt, "bringing
accountability to the wells fargo boardroom") don't hold your breath.




 



               
1.    unprepared
for bod meetings

 



       
"[a]ccording to a survey conducted by harvard business school ... and
boston consulting group ... only 56 percent of the ceos reported that directors
were well-prepared for board meetings.  even fewer --- just 40 percent ---
said directors made efforts to learn about the company outside of board
meetings...."  (on board, 6/04, "shareholder activism intensifies
spotlight on sec director nomination proposal")  even so, the other
44% and 60%, respectively, walk to the bank with their lucrative pay packages,
but, if and when it ever comes to issues of director accountability,
they'll claim lack of sufficient knowledge to be held culpable. 

 



       
"prosecutors rewrote their opening script for the retrial of  l. dennis
kozlowski and  mark h. swartz…  'this
case is the story of how two men - the defendants in this case - stole $150
million from a company named tyco and that corporation's owners, its
shareholders,' said owen heimer, an assistant 
manhattan
 district attorney, during his opening statement in new york state supreme court
in manhattan. 'these defendants ran tyco, but they did not own tyco.' … he also seemed to
try to minimize the role of directors as watchdogs over the company, saying that
they had no way to be privy to the company's records because 'they did not work
at tyco.  they had no access to the
day-to-day.  they had occasional
meetings.'  he also said that the
defendants 'controlled the flow of information' to the directors, whom he
described as 'part timers.'"  (nyt,
1/27/05, "prosecutors rewrite script in new trial of 2 at tyco") 
the bod did not approve the alleged thefts as bod members were asleep at the
wheel by not doing their homework?

 



       
"'i (general motors ceo rick wagoner) get good support from
the board,' he said, breaking into a long explanation of the role of corporate
directors. 'we say, "here's what we're going to do and here's the time
frame," and they say, "let us know how it comes out."  they're not
making the calls about what to do next. if they do that, they don't need
me.'" 
(detroit news, 11/25/05, "gm:
strike at 
delphi
 is unlikely") 
in order words, the bod is compliant and does not even bother to
challenge the ceo's assumptions.

 



       
"despite corporate reform legislation,  74 percent of boards say that the
ceo is still primarily responsible for setting the agenda for board meetings,
according to the 'what directors think' study conducted by
pricewaterhousecoopers llp and corporate board member magazine. further, 10
percent say that the ceo is responsible for establishing meeting agendas for the
audit, compensation, and governance/nominating committees… in this new world
of board independence, the survey shows that boards aren't taking control over
their own business. almost half (47 percent) of respondents believe board
leadership should emanate from the ceo versus a non-executive chairman or lead
director.  … other key findings of
the survey include:  recent news
coverage of directors' personal liability for corporate downfalls has made
directors more cautious but doesn't appear to be scaring them away from the
boardroom. … in this era of catastrophes, both natural and manmade, boards
need to be more involved in risk management. more than half (51 percent) of
those surveyed said they do not have an action plan in place if their company
faced a major crisis, and another 8 percent were not sure. … the fourth annual
survey measures the opinions of 1,103 directors serving on the boards of the top
2,000 publicly traded companies listed on the new york stock exchange, nasdaq
stock market and the american stock exchange." (press release, 10/17/05,
"ceos still reluctant to hand over reins to boards, pricewaterhousecoopers/corporate board member study finds")

 



       
"mr. (ronnie)  parker and three senior executives had signed juicy deals….
these golden parachutes represented more than twice the company's fiscal 2003
earnings -- and could potentially force pizza inn into bankruptcy again. … 
ramon phillips, a pizza inn director and former executive, says he received the
accords the night before the board approved them and lacked time to fully weigh
their financial impact. he adds that as far as he can recall, the full board
never previously discussed 'putting in grandiose golden parachutes.'" 
(wsj, 10/17/05, "in for the long haul: more
activist investors are winning board seats and helping companies revamp their
governance practices") 
sometimes articles reveal more in what they fail to cover. 
did phillips complain about the "night before"
delivery? 
did he seek to postpone the bod's decision until the matter could be
adequately considered and discussed? 
how did phillips ultimately vote on the matter? 
does his admission provide ammunition for shareholder legal action
against the bod? 
how frequently do these "night before" deliveries occur in
corporate 
america
? 
should they not represent a red flag to reasonably intelligent bod
members?

 

           
"citigroup agreed to pay $208 million to settle the case. the
s.e.c.'s complaint involved citigroup's asset management arm and its in-house
mutual fund operation, smith barney fund management. … [t]he smith barney
funds began exploring alternatives to their transfer agent, the first data
corporation. ... first data had been the transfer agent to the smith barney
funds for a decade. … none of the funds' directors were affiliated with the
fund company except the chairman, heath b. mclendon, an officer of citigroup
asset management. …  fearful that
it might lose the smith barney business, first data … offered a $25 million 'fee concession' to citigroup if it renewed. 
… first data offered yet more concessions… citigroup estimated that
it would earn profits of $258 million over five years under the rebate deal.
take note: under the arrangement, the rebates would go not to the funds but
to citigroup. … because the concessions were going to citigroup and not
its funds, deloitte (& touche consulting) questioned the deal and said that
it 'may not be legally viable,' according to the s.e.c.'s complaint.  but
citigroup went ahead. it made its own trust company the transfer agent and gave
first data a secondary role, as so-called subtransfer agent. 
that way, the rebates did not go directly to citigroup asset management,
but to its affiliated transfer agent. ... the chairman did not inform the
directors of … the full extent of the rebates to citigroup, the s.e.c.
said, and the memo to the directors stated that the arrangement was in the best
interest of the funds. … under the terms of the settlement, the firm also
agreed that if one of its affiliates wants to act as transfer agent for
any of its mutual funds, the adviser to the funds must also seek competitive
bids from outside transfer agents. an independent monitor must oversee the
bidding. … as the commission said in its complaint, citigroup kept the deal
going until sept. 30, 2004, well after conflicts of interest at mutual funds had
appeared on the national radar screen.  just
another reason investors should be wary of those who claim that the free markets
- not regulators - are best at making conflicts go away."  (nyt,
6/5/05, "what's good for business, if no one else") 
let's summarize: the clients' (smith barney funds) fiduciary
(citigroup) causes a service provider (first data) to its clients to reduce fees
for processing the clients' business, but the fiduciary pockets the amount of
the reduction.  the fiduciary's
(citigroup) auditors inform the fiduciary that it is acting improperly. 
the probably highly-paid and little worked so-called independent
directors (also fiduciaries of the client) are informed that some of the cost
reductions would not reach the clients' pockets, but use their rubber stamps
to approve the deal.  why did the
settlement not require competitive bids regardless of the nature of the transfer
agent arrangement?  if those
directors knew that the full benefits were not getting to the funds from the
memo and/or public media comments, they were on inquiry notice,  i.e., if one sees
smoke, one has a duty to locate the fire, and should be, at least, stripped of
their past compensation and relieved of their directorships. 
it is more likely that the directors will remain in office and vote
themselves additional compensation.  unfortunately,
in far too many instances, that has become the "american way" of
doing business. 

 



       
"the board, it (an  internal report of krispy kreme doughnuts inc.)
said, approved big acquisitions based on little more than what it called
'back-of-the-envelope' calculations by executives, failed to oversee management
with 'an appropriately skeptical eye,' and was 'distracted' by the company's
apparent success and mr. (scott) livengood's charisma."  (wsj,
8/11/05, "report shows how krispy kreme sweetened results")  the
bod did not inquire as to why kkd employed four cfos within a short period and
functioned without a general counsel during its first two years as a public
company.  perhaps, they'll assert the "twinkie defense."

 



       
"lawyer edward greenspan's occasionally heated cross-examination of
former hollinger international inc. board member marie-josee kravis
centered on why she did not ask any questions of (conrad) black at the
time of the accused fraud.  ...
federal prosecutors have described the noncompete payments, which ensured that
executives would not resume business in the same markets where they were selling
off newspapers, as outright thefts from hollinger international and shareholders
that totaled $60 million.  ... kravis
and another board member, former u.s. ambassador to germany richard burt,
have testified for the prosecution about how they were duped into approving
asset sales that included payments to black and two other former executives on
trial. a fourth executive is accused of helping arrange the payments. 
the former board members said the payments to executives were sometimes
left out of oral presentations to hollinger's board or were glossed over. in
every case, kravis said, she was told by black and other executives that the
buyers had demanded the noncompete agreements from executives. 
greenspan cited 11 company documents through 2003 that he said kravis
would have read as a board member in which the noncompete agreements were at
least partially spelled out. yet she had gone along and approved the deals, he
said.  ...  at
a few points in the testimony, when asked to review documents in which the
payments were revealed, kravis responded: 'i missed it.' 'from the chairman of
the board to the ordinary shareholder, they relied on you, correct?' greenspan
asked, referring to her fiduciary duty as an independent company director. 
'well, they relied on everyone on the board,' kravis replied." (lat,
5/1/07, "temper flares at black trial") 
is this another version of the "if we all screwed-up, none of us
screwed-up" argument ---- the modern version of accountability and
survivability? if so, does it provide incentive to directors or prospective
directors not to want to serve with the best and brightest, but with the dumb
and dimmest.  


       
"(former
illinois gov. james r.)
thompson
seemed relaxed as he took the witness stand in the very courthouse where he was
once the chief prosecutor. his record as a corruption-busting 
u.s.
 attorney in 
chicago
 was the springboard for his four terms as governor of illinois. assistant u.s. atty. eric h. sussman asked thompson whether he had been
familiar with the newspaper industry before joining hollinger's board. 
'just as the subject of it,' thompson quipped. he said he gradually learned
about the business side of the industry during his time on the board of
directors. thompson eventually became the chairman of the board's audit
committee, which was supposed to scrutinize related-party transactions — deals
in which hollinger was doing business with a firm in which someone in
hollinger's management had a financial stake... sussman asked thompson whether
anyone in hollinger international management had told him that $2 million in
noncompete money from the american trucker deal was being funneled to the
canadian company. 'no,' thompson said. ... thompson was asked whether top
management should have made the audit committee aware that the money was going
to hollinger inc. 'yes, because it was a related party transaction,' he
said." (lat, 5/2/07, "ex-governor testifies in hollinger trial") 
did hollinger require all directors annually to complete related-party
transaction disclosure forms to place the information into its proxy statements?    



       
"[d]efense lawyers tried time and again to portray mr. (james r.) thompson,
who was chairman of the audit committee, as inept or not paying attention to
detail. ...  mr. (edward) greenspan
questioned mr. thompson about why he had failed to take note of memos, e-mail
messages and, chiefly, government filings that seemed to show that he, his two
colleagues on the audit committee, and other directors knew that mr. black and
other executives had received large amounts of money as hollinger made deals to
expand further into the united states.  ...
mr. thompson said that the documents, especially government filings, were loaded
with jargon and ran dozens of pages long, often with single-spaced type.  'i
would skim them,' mr. thompson testified.  asked whether he had read the
documents in detail, word for word, mr. thompson responded that he had not,
instead glancing over them for critical information that would stand out. 'i
should have, but i did not,' he said.  mr.
greenspan, just before wrapping up his questioning, then suggested that mr.
thompson and other audit committee members 'conveniently forgot' details of the
deals, and their own roles in approving them, 'when questions started being
asked.' ... mr. greenspan said there had been at least 11 times when mr.
thompson and his colleagues on the audit committee should have spotted the
questioned payments.  'you didn't see
it?' mr. greenspan asked.  'right,'
mr. thompson answered."  (nyt,
5/3/07, "ex-governor assailed as inept in trial of conrad black") 
interesting defense!  however,
would directors not breach their own fiduciary duties to the company if
they aid and abet the ceo to breach his/her fiduciary duty? 
when does an ultra vires theory emerge?  are
thieves relieved of responsibility for their actions when incompetent
supervisors render their approval?  evidently, thompson does not consider
big side payments as "critical information."  pity the poor
people of illinois for all those laws signed by thompson that he only
"skimmed" before signing.


         
"the image etched by (james)
thompson's two days of testimony isn't pretty. he skimmed over key
disclosures that might have alerted him to the scheme allegedly masterminded by
(conrad) black. a change in the hollinger's corporate constitution required at
least one member of the audit committee to be a financial expert. thompson, the
committee's chairman, kept holding meetings even though no one on the committee
met the new requirement. lawyers for black and other defendants pushed a line of
questioning that implied thompson was dazzled by the perquisites of being on
black's board: a dinner at which british prime minister tony blair spoke;
flights on the corporate jet; and belonging to a board studded with statesmen,
including henry kissinger. in one instance, it dawned on thompson that $28
million in payments to black, his partner david radler and two others for their
role in a big transaction might be out of line. he asked for a comparison with
other newspaper deals. at the next meeting, no comparison was provided, but
thompson okd the payments anyway and commended them to the full board. ...  had
enron happened earlier, thompson might have taken his hollinger duties more
seriously and sniffed out conflicts of interest. tips were everywhere, even in
hollinger's public disclosures. 'did you want it in bigger print? did you want
it in neon?' defense lawyer patrick tuite
derisively asked last week, when thompson said no one at hollinger had alerted
him." (chicago tribune, 5/6/07, "curtain falls on dismal final
act")


 



               
2.   
allowing improper compensation and/or pay without performance

 

           
"[t]he bonus is a symptom of a larger problem that has so enraged main
street: a sense that on wall street, even big mistakes have no
consequences." (nyt, 4/5/10, "now to explain the party favors")
 
          
"having a director with the stamina to repeatedly ride a bicycle up
some of the highest peaks in the french alps would seem to be a bonus in times
of such stress. yet lance armstrong, the seven-time winner of the tour de france,
did not attend a single meeting of his fellow morgans (hotel group)
directors last year, the proxy states. early this year, mr. armstrong gave up
his seat on the board after collecting more than $70,000 in fees and company
stock in 2007.  through a spokesman,
the company said: 'lance armstrong was a valued member of our board of
directors. during mr. armstrong's service, he was engaged and readily
available to the c.e.o. and other directors for consultation on various issues
and projects.'" (nyt, 4/20/08, "the absentee director") 
some people do not understand the difference between contractual terms in
a consulting agreement, e.g., be available, and the fiduciary duties of a
director.  the existence of a phantom employee might result in a federal
indictment.  the existence of a phantom director is greeted with a
yawn.  are there two parallel ethical universes?
 

 



       
"[b]ig investors are treating excess compensation as a reliable index that
something serious may be wrong.  in
particular, it’s often a sign that a company’s board of directors is
catering to the c.e.o.’s whims rather than supervising him." (the new
yorker, 2/13/06, "overcompensating")

 



       
for years, bods have been compliant in bestowing undeserved
riches on ceos.  directors claim that they rely upon the advice of
"consultants" to determine levels of what is supposedly competitive
compensation.  however, the bods fail to
inform shareholders that the "consultants" are hired by the ceo to
render the opinions and that the ceos also engaged the services of the same
"consultants" on other company projects.  do the directors not
know that they should/could directly engage the services of truly independent compensation
specialists in making their determinations?  are they unable to recognize
the obvious conflict of interests that, most likely, produce biased
information?  in some instances when directors engage the services of
"independent" consultants, ceos are permitted to engage other
compensation consultants on behalf of the company to support the ceo's
outlandish demands.  the reality is that the company, i.e., shareholders'
assets, pays for advocates on behalf of the ceo's personal financial
interests.  will directors ever personally pay a price for their own malfeasance?


       
"members of congress are looking into the potential conflicts among
executive compensation consulting firms that do other lucrative work for the
companies whose pay they help devise. ... mr. (henry
a.) waxman (chairman of the house
committee on oversight and government reform ) asked the consulting firms to
identify which companies among the nation's 250 largest they had provided both
executive pay consulting and other services for and to disclose total revenues
received for each type of service. mr. waxman asked that the companies supply
the information by may 29. ... but the consultants charged with advising on pay
were often employed by large companies providing other services — like
actuarial work on company pensions and the outsourcing of employee benefit
programs — to those same corporations. contracts for these services often
generated significantly more revenue than those involving advice on executive
pay. ... the potential for conflicts among pay consultants is reminiscent of
those in the late 1990s among accounting firms that performed lucrative
consulting services related to information technology and tax issues for the
same companies whose financial results they were charged with certifying. ...
[i]n overhauling its disclosure rules on executive pay last year, the s.e.c. did
not require companies to disclose details that would signal potential conflicts
among consultants, like the type of other work done by these consultants or the
revenues earned under those arrangements. the commission did require public
companies to identify the consulting firm or firms hired to help devise
executive pay standards, however.  ...
when discussing its pay practices in its proxy filings in recent years, verizon
(communications) routinely said that they were devised by an
'independent outside consultant' that reported to the board. although the
consultant was not identified, it was hewitt
associates, a company that did extensive work for the company in other
areas, generating significant revenues." (nyt, 5/11/07, "panel to look
at conflicts in consulting")  one
need not wonder why congress has scheduled hearings to determine whether the sec
is adequately protecting investors' best interests.

 



       
"a deal is a deal, unless it's a severance agreement for a departing
executive.  then the terms are subject to last-minute reinterpretation.... 
mel karmazin from  viacom inc. and  steven heyer from  coca-cola ... decided to
leave after it became very evident they would never ascend to the post of chief
executive. ... [b]oth executives were allowed to resign with full severance
benefits -- worth about $30 million to karmazin and up to $25 million to heyer
-- even though it's dubious that the nature of their departures qualified for
such generosity under the terms of their contracts. ... [a]ny attempt at
controlling severance amounts will accomplish little if corporate directors
cannot be relied upon to stand firm at the crucial moment." 
(associated press, 7/12/04, "boards don't have good reason to cash out
resigning executives") 

 



       
"nortel's board has come under scrutiny for allowing nortel's improper
accounting to go on, and for approving substantial bonuses for top executives
even as the audit committee was investigating the company's
accounting."  (wsj, 5/27/04, "former minister in canada
joins nortel's board")  the minister better pray that he is not
entering into a den of sinners.  "mr. owens, a member of nortel's
board for the past two years, defended the board's approval of various bonus
programs that paid out hundreds of millions of dollars to senior executives and
staffers since the start of last year. ... bonuses under one of the programs
were paid out because of nortel's apparent return to profitability in the first
half of 2003, but that profit will be changed to a loss in the coming
restatement.  mr. owens said he will examine all of the bonus payouts, and
nortel's board and management will 'do the right thing,' but he later declined
to say whether nortel may seek to recoup any funds."  (wsj, 6/3/04,
"nortel may face more restatements")  what's $200 million of
other people's money?  it appears that the bod has decided that "doing
the right thing" does not include seeking to recoup funds mistakenly paid
for non-performance.  since directors are effectively not accountable for
their actions, why should shareholders expect that directors would act to recoup
their assets?  "nortel say if 'the board determines that bonuses have
been paid to individuals who have acted improperly, if fully intends to
seek recovery.' ... because of that profitable first quarter, most employees
received payments equivalent of 10% to 25% of their annual salaries from
nortel's bonus plan.  top managers earned between two and four times
their salaries...."  (wsj, 7/2/04, "reversing the charges: nortel
board finds accounting tricks behind '03 profits")  does that mean
employees and "top managers," who unjustly received bonuses
based upon the erroneous earnings numbers and did not "act
improperly," will still be allowed to keep the bonus money?  the bod
should attempt to recover all the funds based upon, at a minimum, the theory of unjust
enrichment.  "nortel said 12 of the company's most senior executives
will take the unusual step of returning $8.6 million in bonuses they were paid
based on the erroneous accounting. ... it is rare for senior executives to
voluntarily refund bonuses following an earnings restatements, several pay
specialists said. ... [t]he board also will seek repayment of bonuses paid to
executives who have already been ousted."  (wsj, 1/12/05, "nortel
unveils new accounting flubs")  what about the thousands of others who
received hundreds of millions of bonus money?  did the 12, with a wink and
a nod or more, receive assurances that nortel will award them $8.6 million in
stock options or future bonuses?  how vigorously will the bod pursue the
bonus money paid to "ousted executives"?


       
"nortel also announced tuesday that five longtime directors,
including its chairman, lynton wilson, would not seek re-election. mr. (william)
owens (current ceo) said that the decisions were not related to criticism by
some investors.  'with the
restatement behind us, it was time to turn a page and have some new members,'
mr. owens said. "  (nyt,
1/12/05, "executives of nortel will repay bonuses") 
is this not reminiscent of tyco international? 
tyco’s bod appointed a new ceo, who, in effect, fired the bod members
and, then, selected their successors.  the
successor-directors became beholden to the new ceo. 
this is known as merry-go-round corporate governance, where shareholders
are just a minor inconvenience.

 



       
members of the board of directors on the  new york stock exchange, like so many
other others, have been asleep at the competence wheel and/or declined to
recognize obvious conflicts of interest.  "how did successive boards of
the new york stock exchange, filled with senior executive from every major wall
street firm and such companies as viacom, phillip morris and aol time warner,
allow the exchange to pay its chief executive,  richard a. grasso, a king's
ransom?  the answer seems to be that  most board members saw the post as an
honor, but not one that required much attention. ... but not even h. carl
mccall, the former new york comptroller, who is chairman of the board's
compensation committee, had understood how much money was involved.  and he
had signed the contract of behalf of the board."  (nyt, 9/14/03,
"even on wall street, it seems, the fine print goes unread")  one can only wonder about the quality of mr. mccall's efforts when
he served as comptroller of the state of new york.  "did the board
understand the tremendous complexities that were sending grasso's pay to the
sky? ... one former director, in fact, refers to this body as being a 'jerk-off
board' that didn't pay a whole lot of attention to anything. ... one former
director remembers that in 2002, when he first learned how much grasso was paid,
he said, 'holly s--t,' except, he adds, 'my language was a lot stronger than
that.'" (fortune, 2/9/04, "nyse dick grasso's pay: the
sequel")  however, grasso's generous compensation may have had less to
do with director negligence than one might at first assume.  "he (grasso)
controlled the composition of the board and its agenda." (nyt, 12/30/03,
"how grasso's rule kept nyse on top but hid deep troubles")  "the new york
stock exchange's charitable contributions to organizations affiliated with
members of the board's compensation committee have climbed 63-fold since 1995 as
chairman richard grasso's pay soared." (lat, 9/15/03, "nyse
donations rocketed for charities linked to pay panelists")  "grasso's
pay was set by board members and compensation committee members whom he
personally picked for their jobs. no one is suggesting any quid pro quo...."
(washington post, 9/15/03, "trust is trading in short supply") 
"experts in corporate governance have criticized the close ties that mr.
grasso had with some directors, including kenneth g. langone.  a longtime
personal friend of mr. grasso's and a fellow director of home depot, mr. langone
was chairman of the n.y.s.e. board's compensation committee from 1999 to june of
this year.  it was during that period that mr. grasso signed the two
contracts that would award him close to $200 million."  (nyt,
12/21/03, "next for the big board: to sue or not to sue?")  on september 17, grasso tendered his resignation.  questions remain ---
will grasso keep the entire $140 million and/or obtain more?  will the directors, who authorized
the payment(s), be held personally accountable or will their resignations be the
total remedy for the damages that they have caused?  "mr. reed (nyse
interim chairman) sent a letter yesterday to state and federal regulators
recommending that they pursue legal action mr. grasso. ... 'serious harm has
been inflicted on the exchange by unreasonable compensation of the previous
chairman and c.e.o., and by the failure of governance and fiduciary
responsibility that led to the compensation excesses as well as other injuries,'
he wrote." (nyt, 1/9/04, "big board speaks out
against former chairman....")  did mr. reed recommend action against
current or former nyse directors?  why is it that the nyse cannot or will
not clean up its own mess rather than ask the government to do it at taxpayer
expense?  "'the current board, by merely sending the report to me in
the mail, has not fulfilled the entirety of its fiduciary obligation,' (new york
attorney general eliot)  spitzer said." (bloomberg news, 1/14/04,
"spitzer may target old nyse board")  "[i]f charges are
filed, grasso would have the ability to drag in prominent chief
executives who approved the compensation, either as liable parties or as
witnesses.  involving such well-known executives ... would possibly
embarrass some of the exchange's most prominent listed
companies...."  (reuters, 1/27/04,
"ex-nyse head grasso has legal leverage -- experts")  are
"prominent" and "well-known" establishment code words used
to designate those persons who are entitled to be shielded from accountability for their
actions?  the nyse "said thursday that it will not sue its former ceo
and chairman over his lavish pay package...." (associated press, 2/6/04,
"nyse won't sue former ceo grasso")  no mention was made as to
whether legal action would be undertaken against former members of the bod who
authorized the payments.  current members of the nyse bod should be
concerned as to whether they are exposing themselves to legal liability for
failing to pursue viable causes of actions against grasso and/or their
predecessors on the bod.  so, hey, what's $187 million of other people's
money among friends and/or
colleagues?


       
it's
just a matter of fun and games.  "richard a. grasso is no longer a member
of wall street's most exclusive public club, the new york stock exchange, but he
still belongs to its most secretive society,  kappa beta phi… at its annual
black-tie dinner on jan. 15 at the st. regis hotel, mr. grasso was not only in
attendance, but the butt of a series of jokes about his $139.5 million pay
package as chairman and chief executive of the exchange. … laughing with mr.
grasso were several former directors of the stock exchange who granted him that
pay … drawing some of the biggest guffaws were a series of songs poking fun at
mr. grasso's pay. in many ways, it was a night for bygones to be bygones.
several executives closely associated with last year's scandal over mr. grasso's
pay observed the evening's festivities. among the leading players were kenneth
g. langone, a friend of mr. grasso's who was chairman of the exchange's
compensation committee from 1999 to 2003, and martin lipton, a founding
partner of wachtell lipton rosen & katz, the powerful wall street law
firm, who drew public criticism for offering personal legal advice to mr. grasso
while also serving as the stock exchange's top legal counselor. …despite the
zingers, there were no bruised feelings, according to bankers who attended. …
still, bankers remain reluctant to discuss the organization in detail. '"it's a secret society,"' said one wall street chief executive
and member. ‘"i can't tell you any more, or it wouldn't be
secret."'"   (nyt,
2/6/04, "if only for a night, wall st. fallen idol is one of the boys") 
boys will be boys!


       
"and
in september 2003, just days before mr. grasso was ousted, martin lipton, the
powerful wall street lawyer, advised mr. grasso not to forgo the additional $48
million he was owed, advice that would seem to clash with mr. lipton's position
as chief counsel to the exchange's corporate governance committee." (nyt,
2/3/05, "report details huge pay deal grasso set up")  where's
the ethics committee of the new york state bar when it is needed? 
does that committee only go against the small-fry?

 
           
    

"the new york stock exchange's directors said thursday that they would
seek
to stay another year, disappointing exchange critics who hoped at least some new
faces would be elected to the board in june. … [t]he nyse last month for the
first time invited investors to nominate director candidates and received 110
nominations. 
but on thursday, former secretary of state madeleine albright, who
chairs the board's nominating and governance committee, said the 'unexpected
large response has made it difficult for the board to give proper consideration
to all the individuals' in time for the june annual meeting of nyse seat
owners." 
(lat, 4/2/04, "nyse board seeks to extend term") 
was this an example of poor planning or what? 
the nyse sought nominations from march 11 to 23, 2004 and planned to
narrow the field by april 1, 2004. 
what contingency plans were in place when the invitation for nominations
was issued? 
is this an indication of competence or, more properly, lack thereof at
the highest levels?  
unfortunately, at the bod level, name recognition still trumps
competence. 
since ms. albright was not up to the task, the nyse could have listed the
names of all 110 nominees and let its members make their own determination.


      
"the big board doesn't want a trial airing more dirty laundry. … some
former nyse directors are maneuvering to broker a settlement, which would avoid
a lawsuit spotlighting their approval of his pay. … [f]ormer
compensation-committee members have urged mr. spitzer to ask former merrill
lynch & co. chairman david komansky and viacom inc. president mel
karmazin -- themselves former compensation-committee members -- to lobby mr.
grasso to settle. …. the consulting firm, hewitt associates, gave nyse
directors a plan in 1996 that used pay at 'peer' companies as benchmarks for
paying nyse officials. these peers included merrill lynch, citicorp inc., aetna
life and others with much bigger revenues and payrolls. 'company size is
unimportant,' the report argued, because the nyse wanted to 'retain world class
executive talent.'  regulators want to know whether employees who directly
reported to mr. grasso set the mandate for hewitt that led to the selection of
the peer companies…." (wsj, 4/20/04, "grasso takes more heat on
pay")  why were the services of
the consultant required?  was a nyse
executive employee threatening to leave due to inadequate compensation?  "when he asked mr. grasso if he light be leaving for a job in
washington, mr. grasso replied, 'not a chance in a million....i've got the best
job in the world,' according to mr. langone." (wsj, 6/15/04, "langone
says nyse wasn't misled on pay of ex-chief grasso")  was the nyse unable to hire someone due to an inadequate
compensation offer?  did the
directors, who served on the compensation committee, directly hire and task the
consultant to prepare the report?   did
nyse executives cause the consulting firm to be compensated for other services
on behalf of the nyse?  pursuant to
nyse-think, would not any executive who the nyse might hire or retain be "world class executive talent" simply by virtue of being employed by the
nyse?  does it make sense to allow grasso to take possession of $140
million of retirement funds if the alleged objective was to give him incentive
to stay on the job?


       
"big board officials have indicated privately that they would be content if
mr. grasso returned as little as $50 million....  [r]egulators ... began
investigating the matter jan. 8, when big board directors sent them the results
of an internal inquiry.  that report, prepared by a former federal
prosecutor, concluded that $120 million of the money mr. grasso had drawn from
his retirement package was inappropriate." (wsj, 4/27/04, "grasso,
spitzer keep door open for a deal despite tough talk")  hey, what's a
mere $70 million giveaway of other people's money among rich friends and
business associates? 
is it just chump change?  was the internal inquiry badly flawed?  if
the nyse did not believe that the report was accurate, why was it provided to
the attorney general?
       
look
at who is now calling the kettle black!  "some of wall street's top
executives … have complained that mr. reed may have misrepresented his
ultimate purpose in commissioning an exhaustive document on the origins of mr.
grasso's hefty pay package. 
instead of using it to prepare himself for negotiations with mr. grasso,
mr. reed gave the document, called the webb report, after dan k. webb, the
powerful chicago lawyer that headed its preparation, to mr. spitzer, the new
york attorney general, who along with federal regulators has been investigating
the matter for months. 
… 
fond of the backroom deal worked out among like-minded men, many of them
found mr. reed's decision to go straight to mr. spitzer an abrupt departure from
their preferred way of conducting business." 
(nyt, 5/1/04, "a meddlesome priest of sorts on wall street") 
is this an example of what goes around comes around? 



       
when
will nyse members seriously consider whether those former nyse directors should
compensate the members for breaches of fiduciary duty?  true aficionados
of corporate governance might wish to view an annotated and excerpted version
of the "report to the new york stock
exchange on investigation relating to the compensation of richard a. grasso,"
but are able to view the entire searchable 142 page webb
report.  "lawyers who have seen the (webb) report say that
one of its primary conclusions is that mr. grasso, fearful that a new stock
exchange board would not allow him to withdraw the $139.5 million, planned to
renegotiate his contract so that he could take out his accumulated pension and
deferred savings. … still, while it may be easy to convince a jury that mr.
grasso was overcompensated, it may be considerably harder to show that mr.
grasso, and not the corporate executives who approved his pay, was responsible
for it."  (nyt, 6/13/04,
"need a superlawyer? take a number")  "the report withholds
names, but the general impression is that these hard-charging executives turned
to mush when considering mr. grasso's pay.  according to the report, one
told mr. webb's investigators that the package for the year 2000 'blew him
away,' and that, in hindsight, he 'maybe should not have agreed to a
compensation award that high.'  but 'he went with the flow and did not
object, as he didn't want to be the first to speak out.'  no profile in
courage. ... in general, most outside directors don't have the time, the
staffing or the access to information to do a thorough job overseeing the
company.  and often, they don't have the inclination either." 
(wsj, 2/23/05, "calling ebbers and other ceos to account")  this
is a lessen about the peter principle and one of the greatest pleasures in life
--- spending other people's money!  


       
"new
york attorney general eliot spitzer intends to limit the defendants in a planned
lawsuit to recover pay from former new york stock exchange chief dick grasso to
just mr. grasso and a few others, sparing most of the wall street and corporate
titans who have served as big board directors…. 
in addition to mr. grasso himself, a target of the civil action likely
would be kenneth langone, the chief executive of invemed associates llc, who
headed the nyse's compensation committee from 1999 to 2003. 
another likely target: former big board corporate-services chief frank
ashen. …  mr. spitzer's strategy
for now spares not only the financial and corporate executives, but also mr.
spitzer's fellow new york democrat carl mccall, who served on the big board's
compensation committee....  [t]he
case could become uncomfortable for the other directors.  mr.
grasso could sue the exchange and the directors himself, and at least some
likely would be called as witnesses to testify about their role in approving mr.
grasso's pay if a suit by mr. spitzer went to trial. … mr. ashen was the
nyse's executive vice president of corporate services, which included human
resources, until last september, and the staff liaison to the compensation
committee.  after he left that post,
he received a consulting contract with the big board."  (wsj, 5/21/04, "spitzer to take narrow aim in grasso
suit")  sunshine is the best
disinfectant.  hopefully, spitzer
will sue and grasso will counter-sue.  then,
the public will learn whether the nyse functioned like a banana republic with a
tinhorn dictator.

  "'this case demonstrates everything that can go
wrong in setting executive compensation,' mr. spitzer said in a statement. 'the
lack of proper information, the stifling of internal debate, the failure of
board members to conduct proper inquiry and the unabashed pursuit of personal
gain resulted in a wholly inappropriate and illegal compensation package.' ….
frank z. ashen, one of the key figures in the ongoing dispute over the pay
package of mr. grasso, has reached a deal with state regulators to settle
charges that he played an inappropriate role in setting mr. grasso's
compensation….  mr. spitzer also
settled with mercer human resource consulting, which had provided analysis to
the nyse compensation committee when it was determining mr. grasso's pay. 
mr. spitzer said both mr. ashen and mercer 'admitted providing
information to the board that was inaccurate and incomplete.' … in light of
the last-minute deal, mr. ashen, who was the big board's head of human resources
during mr. grasso's tenure there, is likely to cooperate with regulators in
pursuing their case, said a person familiar with the matter. 
mr. ashen will also return $1.3 million to the nyse, the suit
revealed." (wsj, 5/24/04, "spitzer sues grasso, langone in effort to
recover some pay")  is it such a surprise that, when the bod's sources of
information were not hired and paid for by the bod, the information provided to
the bod favored those who paid the bills and provided other economic
opportunities?  will ashen's
current consulting contract with the nyse present a credibility problem? 
perhaps, his compensation will be increased pending his testimony on
behalf of the nyse?   "mercer admitted that its report on grasso's final
pay package …did not adhere to the exchange's typical methods for determining
executive pay.  under the settlement
… mercer will return the fees it charged the nyse in 2003, totaling
$440,275…." (associated press, 5/24/04, "n.y.
attorney general sues ex-nyse head")  did mercer human
resource consulting perform other work, on behalf the nyse that should be
scrutinized?  did mercer human resource consulting perform work, on behalf
of others than the nyse, that should be scrutinized?  "the
lawsuit … contends, for example, that mr. grasso gave favorable treatment to
wall street firms by not pursuing allegations of conflicts of interest involving
research analysts during the period when the executives of those firms were
approving his pay. … in agreeing to pay back $1.3 million, mr. ashen
effectively is giving up much of the $1.9 million in bonuses he earned from 2000
to 2003, the bulk of which was approved by mr. grasso." 
(nyt, 5/25/04, "suit seeks return of $100 million given to grasso") 
ashen does his dastardly deeds, keeps his salary and $600,000 in bonus. 
were there executives of nyse members who wanted to serve on the bod in order to
obtain favorable regulatory consideration for their firms from the nyse? 
don't
they share any culpability?
        "by
leaving the board out of his suit, though, he’s given directors everywhere an
all-purpose defense.  to wit, i was
too dumb, lazy, clueless, indifferent, gullible etc. to know what i was doing.
… mr. grasso … will drag them into court, forcing them to choose between
pleading gullibility, inattention and incompetence or undermining mr.
spitzer’s case."  (wsj,
526/04, opinion – business world, "bored of directors") 
"as to the aug. 7 vote on the contract
extension, directors months earlier had received copies of two reports by the
law firm of vedder price kaufman & kammholz, an outside consultant hired to
analyze the still-developing proposal for grasso's contract extension. … [i]ts
reports contained most of the final numbers and raised serious questions in
plain english about the propriety of such a massive and early cash-out. 
the huge payout to grasso would be 'rare and inconsistent' with the
nyse's supposed goal of giving grasso an incentive to stay on the job, vedder
price said. it added that the proposal raised ‘due diligence issues’ and
would make it hard to recover the funds if grasso ever resigned without good
reason or was fired for cause." (lat, 5/31/04, "grasso suit not cut
and dried case")
       
"mr. mccall … joined the compensation panel and became its chairman in june
2003. 
a year earlier, mr. grasso proposed a new employment contract that would
allow him to pocket $139.5 million in deferred pay and benefits immediately, and
called for another $48 million in benefit payments and $9.6 million in salary
and bonuses in the next four years. … mr. mccall met with … an adviser from
mercer human resource consulting inc. to discuss mercer's report on the
proposal. … [t]he 15-page report unambiguously stated that mr. grasso
would receive $139.5 million immediately and repeatedly noted he would be paid
another $7.1 million a year for four years from a nyse benefit program. it also
repeatedly mentions additional unspecified payments from another program and
twice listed the actual proposed sums -- a total of more than $12 million in
four years. all told, the report lists payments totaling nearly $41 million-plus
between 2004 and 2007 -- nearly all of the $48 million. 
on july 14, 2003, mr. mccall’s compensation committee voted to
recommend that the full board approve the grasso proposal at its aug. 7 meeting.
… on aug. 27, mr. mccall signed a contract with mr. grasso on behalf of
the nyse. … in a letter to mr. mccall on sept. 2, the securities and exchange
commission demanded information about the contract. … in the days that
followed, mr. mccall repeatedly said he didn't know about the $48 million figure
until mr. grasso told him about it as the nyse prepared a response to the sec. 
he indicated that he felt blindsided. .... on sept. 25, mr. mccall resigned from
the nyse's board so the exchange could 'move forward without being encumbered by
the past.'" (wsj, 6/2/04, "did spitzer go easy on fellow democrat in
grasso pay suit?") 
did mccall make efforts to cause other directors to be provided with a
copy of the mercer report? 
if not, why? 
did the nyse and grasso engage separate and independent legal counsel in
drafting grasso’s employment contract? 
did any director look at a draft of grasso’s employment contract before
august 27, 2003? 
before august 27, did any director make an effort to rescind the vote on
august 7?  was mccall misled or a misleader? 
assuming the latter, what could have been his motive for lending such
assistance to grasso?  in november 2002, mccall was out of work after
serving nine (9) years as comptroller of the state of new york.  he was the
unsuccessful democratic nominee for governor of the state of new york.  in
early 2003, mccall became "vice chairman and managing director" of a
small private-equity fund.  in march 2003, he became a director of tyco
international ltd. and, according to forbes.com, is "a director of new
plan, a real estate investment corporation and standard commercial corporation,
one of the world's largest leaf tobacco dealers."  could it be
beneficial to one's nascent career path to be nice to the powers-that-be?
       
"the webb report, which the exchange turned over to mr. spitzer, but
hasn’t been made public, hadn’t been provided to messrs. grasso and langone
despite their requests to see it. 
the judge said he wanted to review the report before deciding whether to
release all or parts of it to the public. … nyse chairman john reed said last
year that the release of the webb report could be 'highly embarrassing' to the
exchange. 
at yesterday’s hearing, an nyse lawyer said the report shouldn’t be
released because it was an attorney work product for a client." 
(wsj, 1/26/05, "nyse is ordered to provide grasso report on pay
deal") 
now, there is no valid reason to keep the content from the public. 
grasso’s litigation team will use every "highly embarrassing"
detail. 
as an aside, it appears that attorneys must be very careful when involved
with internal investigations. 
what were the expectations of the attorneys who prepared the webb report
with respect to its eventual distribution when they delivered a copy to the
nyse?  did
spitzer subpoena a copy of the webb report from the nyse or did the nyse
voluntarily provide a copy? 
did the attorneys who prepared the webb report object when they learned
that the nyse provided a copy to spitzer? 
did the nyse and spitzer enter into a confidentiality agreement with
respect to the content of the webb report?  see, internal
investigations are riddled with conflicts of interest.


       
"carl mccall, the former new york state comptroller who headed the nyse
board's compensation committee in 2003 when it approved mr. grasso's
most-lucrative contract, signed without fully understanding or reading all of
it. ...  in addition to not fully reading the 2003 contract, the (webb)
report said, mr. mccall asked an nyse staffer to give him a written description
of the document to use in briefing the full nyse board, but then didn't review
it.  when he made his presentation to the board, 'by most accounts [he]
struggled in explaining' the contract...." (wsj, 2/3/05, "nyse report
shows excesses under grasso")  when does one start using the phrase
"reckless disregard" to describe his conduct as a director?


       
"mr. mccall's notes said he realized that the board was in the dark when he
started chairing the nyse's compensation committee in june 2003. ... the
indicate that many board members were 'shocked' when mr. mccall gave them a
'heads up' on the size of mr. grasso's pay package." (wsj, 4/28/06,
"grasso pay package 'shocked' board")  did the bod, after this
"shock" and with some "awe," remain "in the dark"
when they approved grasso's pay
package?
       
"henry m. paulson jr., the
chairman of goldman sachs and a member of the
exchange's compensation committee, was grilling mr. grasso about the propriety
of drawing down such an enormous amount and suggested that he seek legal advice.
so mr. grasso said he would call martin
lipton, a veteran manhattan

 lawyer and the big board's chief counsel on governance matters.  would
it be legal, mr. grasso subsequently asked mr. lipton, to just withdraw the $140
million if the exchange's board approved it?  mr. grasso told mr. lipton
that he worried that a less accommodating board might not support such a move,
according to an account of the conversation that mr. lipton recently provided to


new york

state

 prosecutors. … then mr. lipton, a founding partner of wachtell lipton rosen
& katz and a longtime adviser to chief executives on the hot seat, dangled
another, hardball option in front of mr. grasso. if a new board resisted a
payout, mr. lipton advised, mr. grasso could just sue the board to get his
$140 million. … mr. lipton, who has said in correspondence with an
acquaintance that he was only acting as mr. grasso's friend in the matter and
not as his lawyer…  on aug. 27, mr.
grasso signed a contract authorizing the $140 million.  that
afternoon, the big board issued a press release disclosing the payout. mr.
lipton drafted portions of the release and corrected typographical errors. he
also kept close tabs on the ensuing media uproar.  'what
is your assessment,' mr. lipton wrote in an e-mail message to a public relations
executive at the big board. 'i think w.s.j. and n.y.t. as expected. ft and lex
not so good,' he said, referring to the lex column of the financial times. by
sept. 2 … mr. mccall told the board that mr. grasso was owed an additional $48
million…. mr. grasso offered to forgo the additional money, even though mr.
lipton and mr. langone advised him against doing so.  the
next day, when questions arose within the exchange over any residual tax
liabilities mr. grasso might accrue, and that the stock exchange might have to
pay, on the $48 million he declined, mr. lipton weighed in. 'i had my tax lawyer
look at the question,' he wrote in an e-mail message to a stock exchange lawyer.
'it appears rag does not have a problem.' as critics began questioning whether
mr. lipton's advice to mr. grasso conflicted with his duties to the big board
itself, mr. lipton wrote an e-mail message to richard painter, a law professor
at the university of illinois law school, explaining his role in the stock
exchange scandal.  in the message,
which prosecutors introduced during his deposition, mr. lipton denied that
advising mr. grasso represented a conflict. 'the real story is that i did
not represent dick grasso in connection with his compensation nor did i
represent the exchange or its board,' he wrote. 'as a friend i did advise dick
with respect to his taking his accumulated benefits and the related public
disclosure.'" (nyt, 6/25/06, "the winding road

 to grasso's huge payday") 
 some attorneys don’t realize when
it's time for them to head for the pasture. 
it would be interesting to observe lipton's and the "tax
lawyer's" billing slips, if any, with regard to the matters mentioned,
above.  an interesting scenario might
be that grasso successfully defends against the case brought the state of new york, but the nyse brings a malpractice action against lipton, which seeks, at
least, $140 million.
 

       
finally, after a forest has been cut to supply paper to feed the litigation
monster, the court has its say. "this court must agree with mr. grasso that
it is impossible for the court to determine on this motion what mr. grasso
actually knew about what the board members knew. …  mr.
grasso's duty is to be fully informed and to see to it that the board was fully
informed. he failed in this duty. …  this
court also finds this affirmative defense of neglect to be shocking. that a
fiduciary of any institution, profit or not for-profit, could honestly admit
that he was unaware of a liability of over $100 million, or even over $36
million, is a clear violation of the duty of care. the fact that it was a
liability to an insider (chairman and ceo) is even more shocking and a clear
violation of the duty of loyalty. … [t]he court is acknowledging the
fundamental duty of each member of a board to understand the business of the
company upon whose board they sit."  (10/18/06,
supreme court memorandum and decision in people of the state of new york

 v. grasso)  directors should take
note.


  
      
"two independent morgan stanley  directors interviewed a number of
senior executives throughout the firm yesterday, in an effort to gauge sentiment
at the divided wall street house.  the
talks, unorthodox by any measure, signal a growing concern on the part of the
board that it needs to become more involved as the discontent over philip j.
purcell's leadership shows little sign of waning. … the company declined to
disclose the identity of the directors or the executives they met.  mr.
purcell … and his executive team chose the list of executives who were to meet
with board members. who the board met with is important, given that a number of
senior executives in the bank's institutional securities division are critical
of mr. purcell's leadership."  (nyt,
4/27/05, "2 morgan stanley directors gauge the firm's discontent") 
which directors did the interviewing is very important as some
"independent" directors may be more independent than others.  it
should be unorthodox if members of a bod have not gathered information directly
from management.  does anyone expect
that a ceo would not filter information that he/she provides to the bod? 
perhaps, if the bod had long ago gathered information, with unfettered
access to management, there would not be such current discontent.

       
"a pension fund that holds shares of morgan stanley has sued the giant
investment bank's directors, claiming they wasted corporate assets through
'grotesque mismanagement,' including paying more than $100 million to two
departing executives. the suit, filed … by the  central laborers' pension
fund,
calls the estimated total payouts in cash and benefits to former chief executive
philip purcell and co-president stephen crawford excessive and designed to 'buy
their silence and cooperation' to protect the directors." 
(newsday, 7/20/05, "pension fund sues morgan stanley")  is
it not enough to prove corporate waste through "excessive" payments? 
it will be interesting to learn what evidence will be used to prove the allegation of "buying their
silence and cooperation." 


       
"a big pennsylvania

 pension fund lambasted morgan stanley's
board for awarding lavish pay guarantees to departed and current executives and
called for immediate governance changes. … the 

pennsylvania

 group is the third pension-fund investor in recent days to signal publicly that
it wants changes in how the wall street firm's board is elected and makes
decisions.  last week pension officials of the american federation of state,
county, and municipal employees, whose members own about 4% of morgan's shares
valued at more than $2 billion, asked for a meeting with board members to
discuss reforms. they have tentatively set a meeting for mid-august.  richard
ferlauto, director of pension and benefit policy for afscme, is seeking to
organize other investors, too; he is circulating a letter encouraging other
pension funds to 'engage the board' around the governance measures, saying,
'active shareholder involvement can only enhance these discussions.' … a
morgan spokesman said the board 'appreciates the opportunity to have a
constructive dialogue with the company's shareholders.' … as is the case with
most other u.s.

 corporations, morgan stanley allows directors to be elected with a plurality of
votes cast.  that means any board member who is unopposed will get elected as
long as a single vote is cast.  shareholders may cast a 'withhold' vote on a
candidate as a gesture of no-confidence, but that doesn't block the director's
election." (wsj, 7/22/05, "third fund demands changes in morgan
stanley's pay policies")  a
creativity maven once said, "if you (these pension funds) always
think the way you have always thought, you will always get what you always got
--- the same old, same old.  when
will pension funds learn that filing a bare-bones proxy statement and making 30
solicitation telephone calls would be more effective in causing positive change
than seeking the same old, same old?

 



           
"don tyson took in millions in poorly disclosed perks; $84,000 in lawn
care.  ... [t]he perks don tyson (senior chairman of tyson foods, inc.)
received were striking even in an era of lavish executive compensation. 
... the company agreed to pay $1.5 million to settle the charges. ... [b]oard
members were unaware of the 'nature and scope' of the benefits and didn't know
about certain amounts because mr. tyson failed to include the full amount when
he filled out a corporate questionnaire."  (wsj, 4/29/05, "in sec
complaint, tale of chicken mogul feathering his nest")  didn't one of
those chicken-farming bod members think of asking the accounting department or
the internal audit department to fill out a questionnaire to cross-check the
veracity of tyson's statements?  someone authorized the various
payments.  then, again, there are "questionnaires" and there are
"questionnaires."  
 from  the shareholders' viewpoint, don tyson takes benefits of which of
the bod was not aware (and, thus, unauthorized) and the shareholders' assets are
taxed an additional $1.5 million.  were members of the bod's compensation
committee held accountable?

 

       
"for ivan g. seidenberg, chief
executive of verizon communications,
2005 was a very good year. as head of the telecommunications giant, mr.
seidenberg received $19.4 million in salary, bonus, restricted stock and other
compensation, 48 percent more than in the previous year.  others
with a stake in verizon did not fare so well. shareholders watched their stock
fall 26 percent, bondholders lost value as credit agencies downgraded the
company's debt and pensions for 50,000 managers were frozen at year-end. when
verizon closed the books last year, it reported an earnings decline of 5.5
percent. and yet, according to the committee of verizon's board that determines
his compensation … mr. seidenberg's package … was devised with the help of
an 'outside consultant' who reports to the committee. the independence of this
'outside consultant' is open to question. although neither verizon officials nor
its directors identify its compensation consultant, people briefed on the
relationship say it is hewitt associates….
hewitt does much more for verizon than advise it on compensation matters.
verizon is one of hewitt's biggest customers in the far more profitable
businesses of running the company's employee benefit plans, providing actuarial
services to its pension plans and advising it on human resources management. …
hewitt has received more than half a billion dollars in revenue from verizon and
its predecessor companies since 1997.  in
other words, the very firm that helps verizon's directors decide what to pay its
executives has a long and lucrative relationship with the company, maintained at
the behest of the executives whose pay it recommends. this is the secretive,
prosperous and often conflicted world of compensation consultants, who are
charged with helping corporate boards determine executive pay that is
appropriate and fair, and who are often cited as the unbiased advisers whenever
shareholders criticize a company's pay as excessive.  …
[c]orporate governance experts say, the conflicts bedeviling some of the large
consulting firms help explain why in good times or bad, executive pay in 

america

 reaches dizzying heights each year. … consultants help select the companies
to be used in peer groups for comparison purposes in judging an executive's
performance. picking a group of companies that will be easy to outperform is one
way to ensure that executives can clear performance hurdles. another is to
structure an executive's pay so that it is always at or near the top of those in
his industry regardless of his company's performance. this pushes up pay simply
when others in the industry do well. … last year, verizon's directors
described the compensation adviser as an 'independent, outside
consultant.' in this year's proxy, the word 'independent' is missing. the
securities and exchange commission has proposed rules on compensation disclosure
that would require compensation consultants to be identified. but the rules
would not force companies to disclose details of other services provided by the
consulting firm or its affiliates. … the conference board, a nonprofit
organization that conducts research and conferences for business leaders, issued
a report in january suggesting, among other practices, that boards hire their
own compensation consultants, who have not done work for the company or its
current management. … but according to consultants and directors, compensation
committees typically employ a consultant who also works with a human resources
executive, the company's chief executive and the chief financial officer. in
many cases, a company's chief executive is present at meetings where the
compensation consultant and the human resources executive hash out the terms of
a package." (nyt, 4/11/06, "outside advice on boss's pay may not be so
independent")  does anyone
serious contend that bods have not been fully aware of and tolerated this
blatant conflict of interest since day 1?  bod
members know where their bread is buttered and how easily a disgruntled ceo can
remove their benefits.  in the
interim, shareholders pay the price.


       
"when asked about this conflict of interest, the consulting firm (to
verizon) explained that it had 'strict policies in place to ensure the
independence and objectivity of all our consultants.' 
please stop laughing.  …
consultants believe they can make objective decisions about the companies that
indirectly employ them, just as legislators believe that campaign contributions
don't influence their votes. … research suggests that decision-makers don't
realize just how easily and often their objectivity is compromised.  the
human brain knows many tricks that allow it to consider evidence, weigh facts
and still reach precisely the conclusion it favors. …  much
of what happens in the brain is not evident to the brain itself, and thus people
are better at playing these sorts of tricks on themselves than at catching
themselves in the act. … research shows that while people underestimate the
influence of self-interest on their own judgments and decisions, they
overestimate its influence on others. … because the brain cannot see itself
fooling itself, the only reliable method for avoiding bias is to avoid the
situations that produce it."  (nyt,
4/16/06, "i'm o.k., you're biased")

 



       
''everybody knows that executive compensation at many companies has been
obscene. what everybody does not know is how obscene is now. …
consider the owners of analog devices,
a semiconductor maker in 
norwood, 
mass. … jerald g. fishman, the chief executive, had backed up his truck to
corporate headquarters late last year and loaded up the $144.7 million that he
was owed in deferred compensation. …. analog devices' compensation committee
said it took into account his 'strong leadership in guiding a.d.i. through the
downturn in the semiconductor industry, his position as a leading executive in
the semiconductor industry and a.d.i.'s performance over the past fiscal year
relative to its peer companies.' as for linking pay to performance, the
committee said mr. fishman's bonus was calculated based on the company's
operating profit before tax as a percentage of its revenue. but the company also
excluded restructuring charges from the figure used to calculate the bonus. too
bad shareholders' returns can't be similarly adjusted to exclude the
restructuring charges their companies take. mr. fishman, bless his soul, did
decide to turn back the options that his board had planned to give him in 2006.
perhaps he concluded that his $144.7 million in deferred compensation, his
$931,000 salary, his bonus of $414,000, his 400,000 options at a strike price of
$37.70 each, and the $2.85 million he received from the exercise of 95,000
options in fiscal 2005 were enough to feed and clothe his family. as
shareholders are learning, executive pay today is like the iceberg that sank the
titanic: scary on the surface, but scarier below it.'' (nyt, 2/19/06, ''a 'holy
cow' moment in payland'') 
the bod's compensation criteria seem much less than objective. 
does "strong leadership" mean that he is a ceo who can bench
press 500 pounds and bullies the bod and employees? 
does ''leading executive'' mean that he leads in compensation chutzpah?
 how
relative is ''relative''?

 

       
"because of what the company called an 'improper interpretation' of his
employment contract, sheldon g. adelson, chairman, chief executive and treasurer of the las
vegas sands corporation, received $3.6 million in salary and bonus last
year, almost $1 million more than prescribed under the company's performance
plan. … the compensation committee of the board conceded that it had made an
error. but it said that 'the outstanding performance of the company in 2005'
justified the extra money, and it allowed the executives to keep it. … as
executive pay packages have rocketed in recent years, their defenders have
contended that because most are tied to company performance, they are both
earned and deserved. but as the las vegas sands example shows, investors who
plow through company filings often find that executive compensation exceeds the
amounts allowed under the performance targets set by the directors.  …
it is the equivalent of moving the goalposts to shorten the field…. some
employment agreements actually stipulate that they will provide bonuses even if
company performance declines. … while bonus and other incentive pay figures
are included in company filings, shareholders hoping to calculate precisely what
performance objectives executives must meet to receive such pay can be
confounded. … company officials often explain the practice by saying that
too-specific information on performance hurdles can give away corporate secrets
or invite rival organizations to lure executives away by offering them contract
terms that are easier to achieve. compensation experts counter that lists of
vague hurdles may allow carefully chosen measurements to be met in both fair
weather and foul. … back at the las vegas sands … unearned bonuses are …
striking because they cannot be justified as performance-based under the tax
code. the extra bonuses therefore were not deductible as a business expense,
making them more costly for shareholders.  …
[o]f the four-man compensation committee of las vegas sands' board … mr. (irwin)
chafetz and mr. (charles)
forman have extensive affiliations, either present or past, with mr.
adelson's interface group, they are considered independent directors according
to new york stock exchange standards." (nyt, 6/1/06, "big bonuses
still flow, even if bosses miss goals")

 

       
"over the last three years, former (kb
home) ceo bruce karatz made
$232.6 million in compensation. ... karatz, 61, retired under pressure last
month after an internal investigation found that he picked stock option grant
dates that inflated the value to himself and other executives. ... compensation
experts point to two features in his contract that helped guarantee outsized
earnings.  the ... significant, was a
clause that promised karatz a bonus between 1% and 2% of kb's
earnings before taxes.... tying compensation to pretax profit without other
restrictions all but guarantees massive payouts at a company of kb's size....
karatz may also have benefited from a friendly board of directors, in particular
the five-man compensation committee, which is led by occidental petroleum
chairman and chief executive ray irani. 
irani is no stranger to high pay. ... also on the committee are two other
chief executives: leslie moonves of cbs corp., who earned $22.8 million in 2005, and j.
terrence lanni, chairman and ceo of casino company mgm mirage, who earned
$9.6 million and was granted options with a potential value of $35.5 million.
... amy borrus, deputy director at
the council of institutional investors, faulted kb home's board for not
ensuring that karatz's pay was more in line with what other home builder ceos
received. 'this suggests a board that was asleep at the switch,' she said. 'if
your ceo is earning that much more than all of his peers, you might want to take
a look at why that is, and whether it's justified.' ... in the aftermath of
karatz's resignation, some of kb's biggest stakeholders say they intend to look
closely at the company's compensation plan as soon as it's available."
(lat, 12/17/06, "how kb home ceo's pay went through the roof")

 

       
"robert nardelli's demise as
chief executive of home depot resulted, in part, from his failure to
understand how profoundly the job of ceo has changed in recent years. ... as
failures go, mr. nardelli's isn't half bad. he walked away with an exit package
of $210 million....  much of the
package is due to the rich employment contract he negotiated with the home depot
board before leaving general electric co., where he was one of three
finalists to succeed jack welch. mr.
welch convinced his board to give all three finalists large batches of stock
options, telling board members they would have to make good on only one man's
options, one director says. upon leaving ge, the board was told, the two
runners-up likely would use those awards to negotiate pay at their next jobs --
which is exactly what mr. nardelli and james
mcnerney, who is now ceo of boeing, did. (wsj, 1/4/07, "executive's
fatal flaw: failing to understand new demands on ceos") 
what if out-the-back jack was wrong as to the size of the two losers'
egos and each remained at ge?  granting
stock options for desired performance differs greatly from granting stock
options with the hope that the two losers would never exercise them. 
was jack a business maven or an
evil genius?

 

       
"mr. (jesse) brill, who has been publishing newsletters about
corporate law since the 1970s ... suggested directors include current and future
compensation, and dubbed the result a 'tally sheet.' then he aggressively
promoted the notion to the 30,000 readers of his newsletters and web sites, who
include corporate lawyers, pay consultants and directors. ... 'people thought it
was jesse's little fixation,' says john olson, a senior partner at law
firm gibson, dunn & crutcher llp, who advises corporate boards. ...
[h]e (olsen) urged a board he was advising to develop a tally sheet. ...
directors were shocked at the numbers." (wsj, 3/13/07, "how five new
players aid movement to limit ceo pay") 
it is shocking that directors do not know what they are permitting the hired
help to take from assets of shareholders.  shocking,
but probably par for the course.
 


 



       
"all u.s. companies, not just those in finance, should consider limiting compensation
packages that reward excessive risk-taking by executives, a senior regulatory
official said tuesday. the comment by john white, director of the securities and
exchange commission's division of corporation finance, comes as large
executive-pay packages fall under greater scrutiny in the wake of the taxpayer
bailout of wall street firms. ... several regulators around the globe have said
lucrative pay packages helped fuel aggressive risk-taking by financial
executives. ... mr. white said in a speech to a new orleans

 conference tuesday that all compensation committees, when setting performance
targets, should consider 'the particular risks an executive might be
incentivized to take to meet the target.' he said they should weigh 'what
congress might want' prudent corporate boards to do." (wsj, 10/22/08,
"sec calls on every firm to review pay")  what
about what shareholders vis-à-vis congress might want? 
why, at this late stage of the game, should it be necessary for the sec
to remind bods of what should be part of bods' basic fiduciary duties?



 

       
"capping a week of scrutiny for bank
of america, new york attorney general andrew
m. cuomo took another swing on wednesday at uncovering which of the bank’s
executives knew about large losses and bonus payouts at merrill lynch just
before the two banks merged last year.  in
an unusual move that could herald closer examination of corporate boards, mr.
cuomo issued subpoenas to five current and former directors of the bank as part
of his continuing inquiry into its hastily arranged takeover of merrill, a
person briefed on the investigation said. ... [t]he directors who had received
subpoenas included members of the firm's audit committee, which was responsible
for reviewing significant legal matters, including the takeover of merrill. ...
the subpoenaed board members include william
barnet iii, a real estate executive and the mayor of spartanburg, s.c.; john
t. collins, a venture capital investor based in boston; tommy
r. franks, the retired four-star army general; walter
e. massey, the former president of morehouse college in atlanta; and thomas
j. may, head of the boston utility company nstar.... mr. cuomo's office
wants to know whether bank of america's board knew of additional losses
discovered at merrill after the merger was signed, as well as billions of
dollars in bonus payments made to merrill executives before the deal closed. 
based on earlier interviews with the bank's executives, investigators
believe the bank's audit committee and other directors might have known about
losses and bonus payments before shareholders voted to approve the deal in early
december... 'a big unanswered question as we look back on the financial crisis
is — where were the boards?' mr. cuomo said in an e-mail message. 'did the
boards of directors of our largest financial institutions protect the rights of
shareholders, were they misled, or were they little more than rubber stamps for
management’s decision-making?' ... this week, judge jed s. rakoff rejected a settlement that would have put an end
to a securities and exchange commission investigation into possible securities
violations by the bank in the merrill deal. in his ruling, the judge criticized
the s.e.c. for not holding individuals at bank of america accountable. the
ruling could pave the way for a public court battle between the bank and the
s.e.c. early next year. it is rare for prosecutors to subpoena members of a
company's board in a criminal case. ... mr. cuomo’s office plans to issue
subpoenas to all 15 board members in the coming weeks.... investigators plan to
ask the directors how much they knew about merrill's losses, and what role they
played in decisions about disclosing information to shareholders...." 
(nyt, 9/17/09, "cuomo is said to issue subpoenas in merrill
case")  will the bod lawyer-up
and claim their 5th amendment rights? 
time will tell.  cuomo might
share his findings with the sec and enable the sec to better do its job.
 
       
"[o]n friday, before they left for the holiday weekend, the sec released a
bevy of comment letters, many of which focus on compensation disclosures in the
2009 crop of proxies. one ... between the sec and the washington
post co. which is dated july 16, but only became available on friday. ... in
the letter, the company's associate general counsel, nicole maddrey, says ...
'the more detailed approach proposed by the staff could have made it easier for
an investor to understand the relationship between the bonus amounts paid to our
named executive officers and our reported financial results for 2008.' ...  the
letter is in response to this letter sent back in may to ceo don
graham which questions how the earnings target used to set bonuses was
$31.90, but the actual reported earnings were $6.89 per share. the difference
between the two numbers is a bevy of 'unusual items' that were excluded to get
to the much higher number. what's particularly interesting here is that warren
buffett — long a critic of overly complicated pay structures that use
unusual targets – is not just a board member and major investor — he's the
lead director." (footnoted.org, 10/12/09, " sec tells wapo to do
better job explaining its comp…") 

 


                     
a.   
improper backdating of stock options

 

       
"[t]he repeated grants before sharp stock gains raise the question of
whether the grants were actually awarded later, then backdated to the more
favorable time, or otherwise gamed. … it isn't yet clear how backdating may
have been carried out. grants typically are approved in writing by directors,
and it's possible that in some cases documents were altered. … it's also possible that executives took advantage of directors'
inattentiveness to secure retroactively priced grants, or directors may have
knowingly approved a grant carrying an earlier date. … under accounting rules
that were long in effect until recently, issuing a below-market option should
trigger extra compensation expense, reducing a company's net income. companies
that failed to record that expense may have to restate their financial results,
in some cases going back many years. backdating also could run afoul of complex
tax laws, requiring companies and individual to pay back taxes and
penalties."  (wsj,
5/22/06, "matter of timing: five more companies show questionable
options pattern")  "[s]omewhere along the way, there was a leap
of rationalization among … the corporate directors who oversee pay…. this
puzzling state of affairs has led  jack ciesielski of the analyst’s accounting
observer and others to ponder a key question: how is it some executives were
given control over grant dates in the first place? 
… a central tenet under the old accounting rules for stock
compensation, and the reason companies fought so hard against change, was that
options had no value or cost if their exercise price was exactly equal to the
current share price. … avoiding that potential expense was a hard-wired policy
at most companies. but what appears to have occurred at the companies …
amounts to wanting it both ways: backdating options to boost their value to the
recipient without recording a corresponding cost that would hurt earnings. …
[t]he sequence of events here seems to veer from a simple world view to one of
relativity: 
— executives wanted the freedom to choose their own grant dates for
options…. nothing wrong so far. 
— in some cases, that privilege was interpreted to mean executives
could choose a point in the past when the stock was lower and then use that as
the exercise price for their options. that’s a nice power to have … but not
illegal. — to avoid recording an expense for the intrinsic value of those
options, someone had to decide it was o.k. to not only choose a stock price from
the past, but to borrow the date as well and call that the 'grant date,' as if
to suggest the grant actually occurred back then too. now it starts to sounds
disingenuous 
the legitimacy of this last act depends on your definition of 'grant.' if
you choose a literal definition, whereby the grant represents an actual action
in the present, then the day on which you decide the exercise price of an option
is always the grant date — not some moment in the past you used as a reference
point." (ap, 5/16/06, "companies embroiled in backdating
scandal")

 

       
"as the scandal widens involving stock options that may have been
manipulated to enrich top executives, investors are wondering anew whether
corporate directors have been complicit or negligent in allowing questionable
practices yet again. with a single vote, the directors of cyberonics
inc. are said to have approved options grants that netted the chief
executive a paper profit of $2.3 million overnight. … a growing number of
public companies --- there are at least 31 --- are being investigated by the
securities and exchange commission or federal prosecutors for possible improper
backdating of options grants to executives. 
but in a new twist, the cyberonics case is said to have involved a
different sort of timing: not backdating options to a low point in the company's
stock price, but granting them shortly after the company received positive news
certain to boost the share price. … regulators and shareholder advocates have
decried what they see as a trend in recent years toward autocratic chief
executives, their decisions rubber-stamped by docile directors. … now again,
in the stock options debacle, some company boards _ specifically their
compensation committees _ may have relinquished their duty to oversee how their
top executives were paid. … [b]ackdating, even if the actual practice wasn't
illegal, may have broken the law if there wasn't proper disclosure to investors
or the options weren't accounted for properly." (ap, 6/9/06, "boards
under scrutiny over stock options")

 

       
"why does united-health group ceo william
w. mcguire remain in his job? it's a question that has baffled corporate
governance experts since the wall street journal reported in march that
unitedhealth and other companies might have backdated options grants for
officers to boost compensation. in the post-sarbanes-oxley world, boards are
acting on the first whiffs of legal or ethical lapses. … while boards at
companies that have pushed out executives appear not to have known about the
alleged backdating, unitedhealth's board allowed mcguire to pick his options
grant dates. to dump him would be to admit that some wrongdoing occurred -- a
position that could increase the legal risks for directors themselves. instead,
they're hunkering down. … going back to 1994, mcguire has
received grants that coincided with lows in the stock. if backdating occurred,
it appears that unitedhealth's board may have known about the practice and
approved it. according to mcguire's 1999 employment contract, he could choose
the grant dates and notify the compensation committee. legal experts say board
awareness would bolster his case that the grants were proper. but even if the
board approved the timing of mcguire's options, that would not absolve him or
unitedhealth's directors entirely. while backdating itself isn't illegal, it
must be disclosed to shareholders and accounted for properly. … [d]irectors
aware of backdating could face charges related to the lack of disclosure and for
overstating earnings. … unitedhealth … said it might restate earnings for
the years 2003-05 by up to $286 million after review of earlier options
grants." businessweek, 7/10/06, "a
board with its back to the wall --- unitedhealth directors aren't ready to oust
embattled ceo mcguire. here's why")
       
"with options under scrutiny at more than 80 companies so far, regulators
and prosecutors haven't the resources to conduct full-blown forensic probes of
every company. they often rely on companies' own internal inquiries to do the
initial digging that helps authorities decide whom to pursue most vigorously. in
addition, the companies themselves rely on these internal probes, either to show
the public they've been diligent or to defend against shareholder suits. … unitedhealth
(group inc.) shows a variety of ties among directors or between
directors and executives. … and mr. (richard
t.) burke, who is on the special
committee investigating option grants, was himself s member of the board
committee that made options grants for a time in the early 1990s. … as with
any probe of options grants, investigators are likely to be keenly interested in
the history of interactions between major recipients such as dr. (william)
mcguire and the compensation-committee members who approved the
grants. unitedhealth has described those members as independent. a close look
shows various ties … might raise questions about how arms-length they could
be." (wsj, 8/11/06, "in internal probes of stock options, conflicts
abound: directors' ties can complicate job of assuring the public investigation
is thorough; sorting it out at unitedhealth")

 

       
"prosecutors accused 43-year-old gregory
reyes, the ceo of brocade
communications systems inc. until january 2005, of backdating options he
doled out as a "committee of one" to hundreds of employees, boosting
the potential value of the options and concealing millions of dollars of
compensation expenses from shareholders.  …
the sec's complaint said mr. reyes's
own options, which were granted by the company's board, not the one-man
committee, also were backdated. but the agency's complaint doesn't explain who
was responsible, or how the backdating occurred." (wsj, 7/21/06,
"brocade ex-ceo, 2 others charged in options probe") 
''options are not inherently bad, of course.  options
do not cause crookedness. but the easy money that they represented for companies
and executives, especially when the awards were not accounted for as a cost or
monitored by investors, seems to have encouraged some corporate chiselers to
take advantage of their shareholders, whom they never had to face.'' (nyt,
7/23/06, ''at the options buffet, some got a bigger helping'') 
or, monitored by audit committees of bods!
 


 

       
"[a]n affidavit by a federal bureau
of investigation agent, unsealed in 

brooklyn
, 
n.y.

, … and a related civil complaint filed by the securities and exchange
commission offer an unusually detailed account of how a blatant backdating
scheme allegedly went on for years in the top ranks of a large corporation. the
sec alleged that (former ceo) mr. (kobi)
alexander looked back at comverse's
(technology inc.) past stock trading and cherry-picked dates for the
options grants when the price was low, making the options more valuable. (former
senior general counsel) mr. (william f.)
sorin then allegedly misled members
of the board compensation committee by getting them to sign paperwork with the
prior grant dates already filled out, the government charged. … as is the
practice at many companies, the compensation committee of the board approved
stock-option grants at comverse. approvals weren't official, according to
federal authorities, until the committee members voted on them or signed
documents indicating their assent. … mr. sorin, who was responsible for
interactions with the compensation committee, in effect tricked it. mr. sorin
first would call committee members to say options-granting paperwork was on its
way. he or an assistant would send members written 'consent' forms to approve
the grants, which bore the selected dates and said the options were to be
granted 'as of' those dates, the sec said. the account said committee members
would sign the forms, which didn't contain any place for them to indicate when
they signed -- the only date on the forms being the earlier date that had been
chosen. … [t]wo compensation-committee members … assumed the
'as of' date on the consent forms they later received was the day mr. sorin had
called them. it was not…. [t]he two committee members … didn't realize
the grant carried a lower trading price and that they 'did not intend to grant
in-the-money options.' one member of the compensation committee for an extended
period was mr. alexander's sister,  shaula yemini." (wsj, 8/10/06,
"stock-options criminal charge: slush fund and fake employees; u.s.

 accuses 3 ex-executives at comverse technology of long-running scheme
scrambling to avoid detection")  bod
members are paid to know, not assume.  further, bod members, who are sisters of
the ceos, should no longer trust their brothers.


       
"comverse technology inc.'s
former senior general counsel was sentenced to one year and one day in prison,
the first corporate executive to be sentenced for an options-related crime since
the wave of options-backdating cases started early last year. at a hearing in
federal court in 

brooklyn
, 
n.y., 
u.s.

 district judge nicholas g. garaufis also sentenced william f. sorin, 58 years old, to three years of supervised release
after completing his prison term.  he
had faced up to five years in prison. ... the judge ordered mr. sorin to pay
$51.8 million in restitution...."  (wsj,
5/11/07, "former comverse official receives prison term in options
case")  was the potential 5 year
sentence reduced to 1 year and made contingent upon repayment of $51.8 million? 
perhaps, he provided prosecutors with information concerning the actions of bod
members.  or, perhaps, the prosecutors did not ask.




 

       
"in theory, directors are supposed to help keep wayward practices like
options backdating in check at most companies, but at mercury
(interactive) it was the directors themselves — who received a
final seal of approval from the company’s compensation committee — who kept
the backdating ball rolling.  …
mercury’s pay practices — and the actions of the three outside directors on
its compensation and audit committees — have come under scrutiny. … [i]t
appears to be the first time that members of an entire compensation or audit
committee could face civil charges in the wake of a financial scandal. …
mercury … gave the board or compensation committee the right to set the number
and strike price for all grants, in keeping with normal practice in corporate 

america

. … mercury’s internal investigators found that from january 1996 to april
2002, a vast majority of option grants to all employees — from entry-level
hires to the company’s top five officers — had been intentionally backdated.
… theoretically, a corporation relies on its board for advice and for help in
appropriately governing its affairs. and, theoretically, board committees need
to function independently of one another in order to carry out their oversight
responsibilities most effectively. corporate governance experts say that having
audit and compensation committees made up of the same members raises the
possibility of serious conflicts of interest. mercury, of course, had audit and
compensation committees that mirrored each other. the same three men — dr. (giora)
yaron, mr. (igal)
kohavi and mr. (yair) shamir — were the
only members of both committees from october 1996 to july 2002. they were
mercury’s only outside directors at that time.  …
if mercury’s overlapping committee structures raised the possibility of
conflicts of interest on the company’s board, some governance experts also say
that the structure gave audit and compensation committee members plenty of
information to help them monitor potential wrongdoing at the company — if they
chose to do so." (nyt, 8/27/06, "who signed off on those
options?")

 

       
"board members were not just blissfully ignorant or willfully blind
bystanders when they backdated stock option grants for corporate executives,
according to a new study. some 1,400 outside directors themselves may have
received manipulated grants over the past decade. ... the study, sponsored by
the harvard law school program on corporate governance, also raises serious
questions about corporate governance if the outside directors, who are supposed
to act as a final backstop against bad practices, received — and in many cases
may have even approved — fraudulent option grants. ... they concluded that
board members at about 460 companies, or seven percent of all publicly traded
companies, probably received manipulated options. about 1,400 outside directors,
or about 4.6 percent of board members, probably benefited from manipulated
option grants. ... the new research also helps debunk the common belief that
outside directors would be immune to receiving manipulated stock options because
their grants were typically awarded around the time of a company’s annual
meeting. in fact, about 29 percent of the time, a company’s directors were
granted stock options on the same date as those given to executives... 'if the
facts permit, and i want to emphasize that all of our enforcement cases are very
fact-specific, it wouldn't surprise me to see charges brought against outside
directors,' roel c. campos, an s.e.c.
commissioner, said last august." (nyt, 12/18/06, "study finds outside
directors also got backdated options") 
sure?!

 

       
"for companies that played games with employee stock options, the possible
penalties are growing. new rulings (tyson foods, maxim integrated products) in delaware

 indicate that directors would be personally liable if options were wrongly
issued. and the internal revenue service has decided that employees who
innocently cashed in backdated options in 2006 face a soaring tax bill. the
agency has given companies two weeks to decide whether to pick up the tax for
the workers. that means directors must decide whether to spend corporate assets
on bailing out workers, possibly angering shareholders, or leave the workers to
shoulder huge tax bills. in two rulings issued this month, chancellor william b.
chandler iii of the delaware chancery court made it clear that the backdating of
options was illegal. that was no surprise, but he went on to say that the same
applied to ''spring loading,'' the practice of issuing options just before the
release of good news. 'it is difficult to conceive of an instance, consistent
with the concept of loyalty and good faith, in which a fiduciary may declare
that an option is granted at '"market rate"' and simultaneously
withhold that both the fiduciary and the recipient knew at the time that those
options would quickly be worth much more,' chancellor chandler wrote. that
decision creates the possibility of significant liability for directors,
particularly those on compensation committees. issuing options is an area over
which they had specific authority. ... he also ruled that companies could not
use the statute of limitations to avoid such suits. even if the options were
issued years ago, the fact that the directors hid the practice means that they
can be sued now, when the facts have come out. ... directors of companies that
issued backdated or spring-loaded options may now try to shift the blame. one
can imagine directors contending they were deceived by executives or by
corporate counsel, and that they, not the directors, should pay. personal
liability, in other words, can concentrate a director's mind." 
(nyt, 2/16/07, "option lies may be costly for directors") 
and, if the directors are held personally liable for their acts, will
they seek and receive indemnity and defense costs from their companies and their
companies' insurers?

 



                      
b.    
retention bonuses in bankruptcy proceedings


 



       
"when corporations do well, the bosses do much, much better than the
workers. but what happens if everything goes wrong? the dana
corporation, an auto parts maker, is facing lawsuits claiming that it
manipulated its books to hide rising costs before it filed for bankruptcy early
this year. it is considering reducing or eliminating retiree health benefits.
but at the same time, the bosses, including the chief executive, michael
j. burns, want guaranteed multimillion-dollar payouts. … it is remarkable
that when unexpected good news makes a chief executive's options worth hundreds
of millions more than was anticipated, no board ever considers reducing future
payments to compensate for the windfall. … those complaining say that dana
ignored a provision of the bankruptcy law passed by congress last year. that
bill … contained a section that was supposed to prevent companies from
rewarding top executives with rich retention payments while others were
suffering. to pay a retention bonus, the company must show that the executive is
'essential to the survival of the business' and that he or she has a bona fide
competing offer from another company offering at least the same pay. even then,
the law puts limits on the amount. there is no claim that mr. burns or his
colleagues have other job offers, and some creditors heap scorn on the idea,
questioning, in the words of a lawyer for one group of creditors, whether
competitors are 'actively seeking members of a management team that led dana to
financial distress.' the company evidently deems the new section of the law
irrelevant, and figures that so long as it does not call a retention payment by
that name, it can hand out big bonuses based on no more success than getting
through the bankruptcy process, even if shareholders and creditors are wiped
out. 
it wants the judge to bow to the business judgment of the company's
board. … the issue is whether the new bankruptcy law will mean anything at
all, or whether it will be another law that sounded good but was easily
evaded.'' (nyt, 8/18/06, ''it's
the law, but is the law meaningless?
'') 
next,
we'll be hearing about retention bonuses for directors.

 

              
3.   
unwilling to challenge management

 

       
"facing repeated questions about what would happen to wells fargo &
co.'s top executives in the wake of its sales-practice scandal, chief
executive john stumpf gave much the same answer: it is up to the bank's
board. but that wasn't enough for obviously irritated members of the senate
banking committee who blasted mr. stumpf on tuesday. they made clear they think
the board, which has known about the bank's 'cross-selling' problems since 2013,
should have acted more quickly to clean up the mess—especially on deciding
whether to claw back compensation from top executives. … wells fargo's
15-member board includes a former federal reserve governor, a former ceo of
accounting firm deloitte touche tohmatsu and two former cabinet secretaries.
like other corporate boards, they are tasked with acting as a check on the
company's management and with overseeing the company's risk management,
disclosures, compensation practices and compliance with laws and regulations.
… some governance experts also said the board should examine the 'tone at the
top' set by mr. stumpf. while he accepted 'full responsibility' tuesday for the
bank's misdeeds, earlier he had pinned the blame for the affair on bad
employees, telling the wall street journal that "there was no incentive to
do bad things." he didn't directly answer questions from senators about
whether any senior wells fargo executives had been fired over the matter. carrie
tolstedt, who oversaw retail banking, has announced plans to retire at
year's end after 27 years at the bank. mr. stumpf said it was up to the board's
human-resources committee to decide whether to claw back part of ms. tolstedt's
pay. but sen. elizabeth warren (d., mass.) said that it isn't as if mr.
stumpf is separate from the board—he is the board's chairman, though he
doesn't serve on the human resources committee." (9/21/16, wsj, "directors
at wells come under fire")


 
       
"[t]he central detail of this one remains astonishing.  somehow, the rigases
persuaded a network of commercial banks to lend to them more than $3 billion
that not only the family, but also adelphia, a public company with public
shareholders, would be liable for repaying. … adelphia's independent directors
approved the 'co-borrowing' loans. … the blurriest part of all was adelphia's
board, which supposedly represented the public: a majority of the directors were
family members. … in 1996 … the enabling agreement stated openly that the
family would use some of the money to purchase stock, and any director who
bothered to read it would have known that. … why would the directors let
the rigases borrow on the shareholders' credit? … and according to the
minutes of a special board meeting on aug. 23, 1999, at which additional
co-borrowings were authorized, the rigases not only made plain that they
intended to keep buying stock, but, indeed, the directors also encouraged them.
… [m]aterials distributed at a board meeting in october 2000 … said, 'rigas family to purchase $250 mm’ of an adelphia stock offering.  another
page disclosed that the rigases were drawing an identical $250 million of the
co-borrowing. … such details almost put too fine a point on it.  corporate
directors weren't in the habit of challenging management, certainly not on a
board where the founding family had a majority of seats. and the interests
of the outside directors were, in many cases, somewhat tied to the company's. 
erland kailbourne, a prominent civic booster in buffalo, was a rigas family
friend and a promoter of adelphia's plans to build a skyscraper downtown there. 
two other directors, dennis coyle and les gelber, were executives at florida
power and light, adelphia's partner in some cable systems in florida. 
f.p.l.
wanted out, and it was hoping that adelphia would eventually buy its share,
which it did.  (alvin) davis, the lawyer (for three of the outside directors),
said that those directors relied on the independence of the board's audit
committee.  but by then the audit committee consisted of only pete metros, a john
rigas chum from upstate new york, and tim rigas, who was the chairman of it.  no
minutes of the audit committee meetings have been produced, and it isn't clear
that the committee formally met.  in other words, metros seems to have been a
rubber stamp allowing the company's chief financial officer to supervise
himself." (nyt, 2/1/04, "the company they kept") 
of course, external auditors, the bankers, investment bankers, outside
legal counsel publicly expressed shock when adelphia imploded and filed for
bankruptcy protection.  where have all the stand-up people gone?  "although
the board had approved the co-borrowing arrangement, using it to buy company
securities hadn't been cleared, mr. (dennis) coyle (former director)
testified." (wsj, 3/04/04, "former director of adelphia testifies in
case")  what did the bod do to verify that the use of loan proceeds
would be restricted?  did they review the loan documents?  did the bod ask
the lenders what, if any, monitoring would be put in place with respect to the loan
proceeds?  $3 billion is still a lot of money!  "a
federal jury convicted adelphia founder john rigas and his son timothy, who had
been the cable-tv company's chief financial officer, of fraud.  the elder
mr. rigas said he had relied on adelphia's board and its outside
accountants and lawyers to warn him of any potential abuses."  (wsj,
7/9/04, "ceos from enron to sotheby's blame scandals on underling's; too
busy for all the details?")

 

       
"federal regulators released a scathing report wednesday on the corporate
culture that fostered improper accounting at freddie mac, the same day
that the company had agreed to pay a $125 million penalty....  the report
of the office of federal housing enterprise oversight ... is much harsher than
previous reports in its assessment of freddie mac's ... board members. ... the
report ... traces the problems to the mid-1990's....  the report strongly
suggests that the board knew about efforts to smooth earnings. ... '[m]anagement
carefully reviewed the board's minutes to ensure that there were no references
to earnings management,'.... the board also did not investigate potential
weaknesses of the company's accounting functions ... although there were warning
signs that the accounting staff was inadequate to its task....  'the
special examination is led to the conclusion that the board of directors of
freddie mac played no meaningful role in the oversight of the critically
important area of accounting policies and practices, as required by law and
regulation.'"  (nyt, 12/11/03, "report says freddie mac's lax
oversight led to scandal")  who among us believes that even 1-cent of
the "$125 million penalty" will be paid from the personal assets of
the directors?  who believes that any of the directors will even be shunned
at their respective country clubs for what they have done or, more accurately, what they have failed to do on
behalf of shareholders?
       
"accounting improprieties beginning
in 2000 led freddie mac to restate by $5 billion its financial results for that
year, 2001 and the first three quarters of 2002.  two former chief
executives at the company were defenestrated during three months last year and
two investigations concluded that freddie mac flouted accounting rules and
disclosure standards to smooth earnings growth. the company is still late in its
financial reporting.  you would
think that shareholders would be howling for the heads of the freddie mac
directors who were snoring in the boardroom. 
…  gregory p. taxin, chief
executive of glass lewis & company, an institutional advisory firm in san
francisco, says he is puzzled by the apparent lack of outrage from freddie mac
shareholders. 'this is another situation where the deficiencies in the corporate
democracy system are quite evident,' he said. 'this is a board that flubbed it
horribly over the last 12 months, and yet they will all be re-elected, maybe
with little protest.'  an
investigation into freddie mac's practices by the office of federal housing
enterprise oversight, the federal agency that oversees it, was scathing about
the board's performance. … glass lewis is advising freddie mac shareholders to
withhold votes from 10 directors who served on the company's board when its
oversight was lax.  four of the
directors standing for re-election have served recently on freddie mac's audit
committee, which can certainly be said to have failed in its duties. 
these directors are michelle engler, a lawyer and trustee of jnl investor
series trust, an investment company; shaun f. o'malley, a former chairman of
price waterhouse, the accounting firm; ronald f. poe, president of a private
real estate investment firm; and william j. turner, founder of signature capital
inc., a venture capital firm.  if
re-elected, all will continue to serve on the audit committee at freddie mac. 
…  that directors of
freddie mac, who failed rather spectacularly in their responsibility to
shareholders, would not take themselves out of the running for re-election
simply shows that shame is not a dominant gene in corporate america's dna. 
…  major mutual fund
companies are among the biggest shareholders of freddie mac. 
the capital research and management company, investment adviser to the
american funds group, owns 5.8 percent. putnam investment management owns 3.6
percent, and fidelity management and research holds 2.6 percent. investors who
own shares of funds run by these companies should watch how they vote on
wednesday."  (nyt, 3/28/04,
"freddie mac: sounds of silence")
       
"leland brendsel, ousted as freddie mac's chief executive because of
widespread accounting problems, is suing the company's federal regulator over
$53.7 million in withheld compensation, charging the office of federal housing
enterprise oversight with overstepping its enforcement powers. … 
ofheo told freddie mac in june 2003 to freeze pay and benefits for mr.
brendsel and two other top executives who were forced out after an internal
investigation uncovered widespread accounting problems. 
the probe found company executives committed numerous errors and
intentionally violated certain accounting rules in an attempt to make freddie's
earnings appear less volatile by pushing extraordinary earnings growth in the
early part of this decade into later years. 
a multiyear reaudit of the company's books resulted in a $5.1 billion after-tax
increase to earnings from 2000 to 2002.  freddie's board fired one executive and asked
mr. brendsel and former chief financial officer vaughn clarke to step down.
messrs. brendsel and clarke were allowed to keep lucrative severance packages
that would have otherwise been forfeited if either was terminated 'for cause,'
but under ofheo's orders the money has been frozen pending the final outcome of
the agency's investigation and cases against the two executives." (wsj,
5/20/04, "freddie's ex-ceo seeks withheld pay") 
either the former ceo knew of the book cooking or should have known.  he was being paid the big bucks to perform some service to
the corporation.  but, the bod may
have negotiated one of those wimpy ceo employment agreements that only allows for
termination of the ceo’s employment “for cause” when the ceo is caught
with a smoking gun in his hand. 
"fan and fred have one sweet arrangement.  because they are assumed to
enjoy the backing of the federal government, they can borrow at below-market
rates.  this implicit subsidy is supposed to reduce mortgage rates and
increase homeownership.  but, as study after study has demonstrated, their
activities have only a tiny impact on mortgage rates; and they retain as much as
50% of the subsidy for their own purposes, such as compensating
executives." (wsj, 7/16/04, opinion: review & outlook, "hudwinked")  of course, the
directors neither know of the existence nor have read any of those
studies.  how many people could enjoy homeownership in lieu of those
"lucrative severance packages"?  "[a]
u.s. federal judge ruled that the government regulator of freddie mac can't stop
the company from handing over $60 million in severance to its ousted chief
executive. the judged ruled that the office of federal housing enterprise
oversight overstepped its authority when it sought to have the payment withheld
from former ... ceo leland brendsel.  brendsel, along with other
executives, left the mortgage finance company last year in the wake of a $5
billion accounting scandal. the ofheo is also seeking to strip its former chief
financial officer vaughn clarke of his severance compensation." (forbes.com,
8/31/04, "judge says freddie mac can pay
ex-ceo $60 million")  just because a judge has said freddie mac can
legally do
so, does not mean that the directors should do so.

 

       
"mr. (robert j.)  o'connell (former ceo of massmutual financial group) had
forbidden senior executives from directly communicating with board
members...." (wsj, 8/19/05, "inside massmutual scandal, an angry wife
sparks probes")  chain-of-command arguments aside, such a policy
should set off red flags to a competent bod that knew of it.  intelligent
bod members might quickly learn of such a policy if they attempt to communicate
with senior management, but receive a response from only the ceo.
       
on the other hand, when bods muster up the courage to challenge a ceo, bods
should act in a competent manner.  "amid
allegations of extramarital affairs with female employees, illegal activity in
trading accounts, and the misuse of company aircraft, robert j. o’connell was unceremoniously fired as chief executive
of the massachusetts mutual life
insurance company for cause by
its directors in june of 2005. … in a rebuke of the board, some of its
directors, as well as its outside counsel, a three-person arbitration panel
has found that the board did not terminate mr. o’connell 'for cause.'  the
panel said that mr. o'connell did not breach his fiduciary duties to massmutual
and that he was owed benefits he had been previously denied. his lawyers
estimate he could be repaid as much as $50 million. … but the massmutual
episode could illustrate how boards, in an effort to appear tough on corporate
malfeasance, might need to pay more attention to the process of dismissal.
…[t]he arbitration panel acknowledged that while mr. o’connell did,
in fact, have affairs with two female employees; made millions in profit in a
deferred compensation account by trading using closing prices from the day
before, and perhaps even stepped over the line in use of the company aircraft,
none of these acts constituted 'willful gross misconduct' on his part or
resulted in 'material harm' to the company. … in its appeal, massmutual argues
that the chairman of the panel, william s. sessions, failed to disclose that he was terminated from
the f.b.i. for misusing assets and personnel. … during an investigation that
year, several issues arose, including mr. o'connell's amendment of the
company’s nepotism policy to allow his children to be employed there; the
alleged excessive use of the company aircraft by the o'connell family and a
2003 health problem that o'connell had failed to inform the board about.
nevertheless, the investigation concluded that there was not enough evidence to
support the existence of an inappropriate relationship between mr. o'connell
and ms. alfano. (a later investigation found that mr. o'connell had affairs
with two other female employees.) the board took no action against mr.
o'connell and, in april 2004, signed a letter agreeing not to reopen the
investigation unless there was new evidence of an affair and then only with the
full approval of the board. the board did make changes to the company's
transportation policy. … james r. birle,
a director, contacted dennis block of the law firm cadwalader wickersham &
taft, in early february 2005. mr. block began conducting interviews of
employees, although his firm was not formally retained by the governance
committee until later that year. 'block's investigation was unauthorized by
the full board of directors and based on stale evidence,' the arbitration panel
said in its findings. furthermore, the investigation breached the terms of the
april 2004 agreement and 'presented to the board of directors the selective,
biased statements of o'connell's chief detractors and unfairly prejudiced
the process to remove o'connell,' the panel concluded." 
(nyt, 10/21/06, "firing chief was wrong, panel says") 
"willful gross negligence" is an oxymoron! 
who, in their right mind, would entered an agreement containing such a
phase?  did the lawyers
drafting/reviewing it advise the bod not to sign?  where was the paper
trail of warnings to the ceo?  why enter into an agreement to end an
investigation?  why not give the ceo full notice and opportunity to
defend against the allegations at a bod meeting --- at least the bod would
receive a preview of the ceos purported defenses and might have obtained more
ammunition to support their "for cause" case? 
who agreed to submit the matter to "arbitration"? 
how were the arbitrators selected?  did
the attorneys do their homework to learn the arbitrators' backgrounds? 
what were the rules pertaining to the arbitration?  for
a critique on resolving disputes between public investors and securities firms
by means of arbitration see securities
dispute arbitration.

 

       
"when a director raised questions about the propriety of mr. fastow
personally profiting from his role running ljm, mr. skilling told the board's
compensation committee, according to mr. fastow, that 'andy fastow has put $1
million into the game. he should get profits because he has skin in the game.'
the board approved the deal."  (nyt,
3/8/06, "enron executive points a finger at former chiefs") 
was the bod concerned that it waived its conflicts-of-interest policy to
approve the arrangement?   did
the bod understand that the purpose of ljm was to camouflage enron’s losses? 
did the bod inquire as to whether fastow was provided with any assurances
that he would "get profits" as opposed to be subject to economic
risks?  did the bod establish an
effective system whereby it would monitor the situation? 
if so, did the bod monitor the situation?  "fastow described
numerous meetings at which enron directors signed off on deals involving the
partnerships he created. … when the first partnership, dubbed ljm1 … was
created in 1999, the board approved a special waiver of a company
conflict-of-interest policy to enable fastow to serve as head of ljm while
retaining his position as enron's chief financial officer. when enron's board of
directors discussed possible problems the arrangement could pose for the
company, at the top of the list was what fastow called 'the wall street journal
risk' — the danger that the news media would get wind of it and subject the
company to harsh scrutiny. 'whether it were right or wrong, it would look
terrible,' fastow testified." (lat, 3/8/06, "fastow tells of
deception at enron")

 

       
"sun microsystems uses ernst & young llp as its independent
auditor, and ernst's agreement to audit sun's books, the proxy reads, is
'subject to alternative dispute resolution procedures and an exclusion of
punitive damages.' translation: if sun runs into accounting problems and thinks
a botched audit by ernst is to blame, it is barred from taking the accounting
firm to court. instead, sun has to go through mediation and arbitration. it also
can't seek any damages beyond the actual, compensatory damages related to
ernst's conduct. ernst placed these provisions in its audit agreement with sun
to try to limit its liability should something go wrong. … audit 'engagement'
agreements between a company and its auditor aren't public documents, so the
liability caps aren't widely known about, though some observers fear they could
jeopardize an auditor's performance and independence. … as a result, some
investors are pushing companies to spell out these provisions and make their
implications crystal clear. 'i think a lot of people agree that more disclosure
on this would be warranted,' says ted white, deputy director of the council of
institutional investors. …  lynn
turner, the departing chairman of sun's audit committee and a former securities
and exchange commission chief accountant, says investors need "greater
transparency" in evaluating these provisions. 'since all four accounting
firms are demanding the companies include these liability cap clauses in their
contracts,' he said, 'audit-committee chairs, including myself, are faced with a
fait accompli when asked to sign
them.' …  'how do we find out how
widespread this is?' mr. white of the council of institutional investors asks.
'we're not even convinced that audit committees necessarily know about
this.'" (wsj, 11/28/05, "auditing 'liability caps' face fire") 
is the implication of the article that bods are too timid to inquire
whether the company has entered into such a limited liability agreement and/or
bods, acting through its audit committee, do not have the authority to restrict
ceos from causing the company to enter into such agreements? 
for detailed comments on the problems associated with and criticisms of
the current arbitration process in customer-brokerage firm securities disputes,
please see http://www.lgesquire.com/lg_links.html.

 

       
''hurricane katrina was powerful enough to blow a loophole in rules laid down by
the board of  … forest city enterprises.  all but one of the company's independent
directors approved a $1 million gift to the tulane university katrina relief
fund…. why did the other director, scott
s. cowen, abstain? well, he happens to be the president of tulane. 

forest

city's corporate governance guidelines prohibit 'substantial charitable
contributions to organizations to which a director is affiliated.'  but the board
made an exception after determining that the gift would not compromise mr.
cowen's independence, the proxy said.'' (nyt, 4/2/06, ''openers: suits;
hurricanes don’t count'')  since $1
million would not compromise mr. cowen's independence, it appears that $1
million just does not buy what it used it.  or,
perhaps, the article should be entered under the category of "rules are for
fools"?  on the other hand, perhaps, bods establish stringent
conflict-of-interest and independence rules to claim bragging rights and for
public consumption, but waive those rules when an item of back scratching
personal interest arises.

 

       
"early in 2005, ms. (mary) forté
(former chief executive officer of zale
corp.) moved to cultivate a higher-income clientele. … pamela romano, who
headed zales jewelers for seven years, told ms. forté it was a mistake to move
so radically…. through a sympathetic board member, ms. romano asked to talk to
the board of directors. the board, however, refused, saying it didn't
want to meddle, according to people close to the situation. ms. romano left the
company shortly afterward, in early 2005. betsy burton, a board member and
zale's interim chief executive, says the board didn't understand the
magnitude of the changes proposed by ms. forté. "everything that was told
the board sounded like a solid plan...it was perceived as more of a subtle
change as opposed to what was in actuality a very radical change," she
said. ms. forté says the board was fully briefed on the new strategy. … in
january, ms. forté was asked to resign, just four months after signing a
one-year employment contract that included a severance agreement worth more than
$8.5 million in cash and stock. ms. burton says ms. forté was on thin ice even
before christmas because the company missed earnings guidance and sales plans
for numerous quarters. … since taking charge, ms. burton has scrapped
much of last year's strategy." (wsj, 6/26/06, "chasing upscale
customers tarnishes mass-market jeweler zale corp.'s botched revamp prompted
ceo's ouster and merger bid from rival") 
it appears that the bod refused to understand the situation by making
sure that it did not hear dissenting views. 
also, the bod, after numerous misses, awarded big bucks to the ceo. 
folks, it's the new american way!

 

       
"corporate boards are in desperate need of some help snooping on the
executives they are supposed to oversee. chief executives have been carousing
behind their backs, canoodling with private-equity firms ... about buyout deals. 
these transactions stand to be lucrative for top managers, who typically
keep their jobs and are awarded new equity along the way. ... that is because
the chiefs are in a position to exploit their own office and ownership positions
to pursue deals that serve them best.  a
few executives are pursuing deals for weeks or months without alerting their
boards. others are subtly threatening to quit if a company isn't sold and
delivered back to their buyout buddies. ... now, after years of rubber-stamping
buyout recommendations, both boards and shareholders are beginning to challenge
the terms they're receiving in these deals. the end game for shareholders is
simple -- getting the best price possible. ... some of these players will
eventually have to answer to the courts. ... boards are supposed to neutralize
those advantages by controlling the flow of information to their ceos, while
keeping them on a short leash. ... [c]onsider a 2005 transaction that caught the
eye of the 
delaware
 courts -- a nearly $1 billion buyout of technology firm ss&c technologies inc. by the carlyle group and the 

windsor
, 
conn., tech company's largest shareholder and ceo, william stone. as described in company filings, mr. stone began
soliciting offers for the company, and even hired a set of advisers to set up
meetings with six potential buyers. the company went on to sign nondisclosure
agreements with the private-equity groups. it took more than a month before the
company's board knew any of this, according to filings. ... in an interview, mr.
stone said, 'our process was transparent. we're not hiding anything from our
board members. ss&c got the highest price in its history.' ... a
high-profile firing might nonetheless be the only way to get through to the next
crop of executive free-lancers and canoodlers. nothing else seems to be
working." (wsj, 1/30/07, "fine line of selling, selling out, the
firm")  are we supposed to
believe that ceos do not understand the concept of conflict of interest and bods
do not have any means to educate them?  that
does not speak well for bods.  ethical
considerations are only a burden of the plebian masses that, unlike ceos, have
not learned the personal benefits of "thinking out-of-the-box."

 

       
"how does this business (private equity) make so much money?  are
there really a huge number of mispriced securities out there?  are there
really a vast number of corporations whose stock is wildly underpriced so that
private equity can buy them at above-market prices and then make money after a
little spiffing up and wiping clean? maybe so, but this defies the basis of the
whole theory of efficient markets. ... or maybe it's that the deals are often
done with the help of the acquired entity, where managers know exactly how to
change the company and make it worth more, but want to put that knowledge to
work only if they can reap immense rewards from the repair job.  that often
seems to be what's happening." (nyt, 7/1/07, "what is this thing
called private equity?")  directors have a fiduciary duty to ask
management for details of contemplated "spiffing up and wiping clean"
and why it is not already being done for the benefit of current shareholders.

 

       
"the dark side of henry t. nicholas
iii's life is on display as never before -- inviting questions about how he
ever won such free rein to run a prominent public company. mr. nicholas
co-founded broadcom corp. in 1991 and led the 

irvine
, 
calif.

, semiconductor company for more than a decade in a frantic, zany style. ...
now, two criminal indictments provide a more troubling view of mr. nicholas's
years at the top. one of them, filed by federal prosecutors in california, accuses him of orchestrating financial frauds from 1999 to 2002 related to the
timing of stock-option awards. the other accuses him of buying and distributing
cocaine, ecstasy and other controlled substances, starting in early 1999. ... so
why did so many people accept mr. nicholas in his heyday as the right man for
the job? ... the company was growing so fast in the late 1990s that employees
wanted to regard the 6-foot-6 mr. nicholas as a messianic leader. ... some
former employees talk about the 'cult of nick' as something that seemed good for
the company. ... what's more, mr. nicholas owned about a third of the company's
voting stock, as did co-founder henry
samueli. as long as the two founders liked their own leadership styles,
analysts say, anyone challenging them had no hope of succeeding. one of
broadcom's independent directors, werner
wolfen, talked candidly about those constraints in a 2004 interview with me.
early board meetings were 'kind of futile,' he recalled. ... wider lessons
abound for any company with a brilliant but unconventional ceo. such leaders can
help a company defy conventional wisdom and achieve great things in a hurry. but
their bravado may mask personal turmoil that ultimately can hurt the business.
in such situations, directors need back-channel sources to help them gauge a
ceo's conduct and effectiveness in all aspects of the job. it isn't enough to
look at quarterly financial results and accept board presentations by the ceo as
the final word on everything. ... effective boards should provide such adult
supervision long before a crisis is obvious. and if everything gets too
unstable, boards need to be ready to dislodge such a boss before the entire
company faces the risk of ruin. mr. wolfen said this week that he didn't hear
any complaints from broadcom employees about mr. nicholas's style during boom
times. but its leadership was clearly struggling in 2002 to deal with the tech
slump. so in late 2002, outside directors decided that a new ceo was warranted.
mr. samueli, the co-founder, in a 2004 interview, confirmed that he reluctantly
agreed. at that point, mr. wolfen held an eye-opening series of conversations
with several of broadcom's top lieutenants." (wsj, 6/11/08, "downfall
of zany broadcom co-founder  offers a
lesson for corporate boards")  so-called
independent directors should have "back-channel sources" under all
circumstances.  however, why should
he/she bother if corrective action would be "kind of futile"? 
a prospective director's due diligence should reveal that potential
futility.  on the other hand, why not
just collect the big buck fees and other perks while going with the flow and
knowing, in the real world, there is no such thing as director accountability if
things go wrong?

 



       
"nine of them are retired. four are over 75 years old. one is a theater
producer, another a former navy admiral. only two have direct experience in the
financial-services industry. meet the lehman
brothers holdings external board directors, a group of 10 people who,
perhaps unknowingly, carried the health of the world's financial system on their
shoulders the past 18 months. ... [o]ne can't help but wonder how and why this
board let its longtime chairman and patron, richard fuld jr., cling to both hope and power. perhaps it was
because mr. fuld wanted it that way. ... [i]t is telling that news accounts of
lehman's capital-raising efforts focused entirely on the efforts of mr. fuld,
and make nary a mention of the 10 other members of lehman's board. who was on
this board? until the 2008 arrival of former us bancorp chief jerry
grundhofer, the group was lacking in current financial-knowledge firepower.
a number of the members did have past financial-markets expertise, but most of
their working lives were tied to a different era, one before massive
securitization, credit-default swaps, derivatives trading, and all the risks
those products created.  the board's
members include john macomber, 80 ...
john akers, 74 ... thomas a. cruikshank, 77 ... henry
kaufman, 81 ... sir christopher gent,
60 ... roger s. berlind, 75 ... roland
hernandez, 50; michael ainslie,
64 ... and marsha johnson evans,
61.... how much was lehman's board monitoring the company's risk as it began
accumulating its portfolio of real-estate assets and securities? in 2006 and
2007, the board's risk committee met twice each year, according to sec filings.
...  'lehman brothers has a very
qualified board,' said a person close to the board, who noted that risk was
discussed at four risk-committee meetings, as well as 25 board meetings in
2008." (wsj, 9/18/08, "where was lehman board? --- firm's external
directors had relied on experiences of a bygone financial era") 
"risk" may have been "discussed," but what exactly was said? 
perhaps, the bod never discussed in
re first alliance mortgage co. or the bod suffered a collective "senior moment" if it was
discussed.


       
"on friday, december 8 (2006), the u.s. court of appeals for the ninth
circuit decided in re first alliance mortgage co. ... first alliance
mortgage company, a non-prime mortgage lender, had been driven into bankruptcy
in the aftermath of lawsuits and investigations relating to allegations of
unfair and deceptive business practices. lehman brothers, inc. had extended
credit to first alliance and underwritten and managed its asset-backed
securities. a class of borrowers sued lehman in a 



california



federal court for aiding and abetting first alliance's 'fraud' and for violation
of the state's unfair competition law. the plaintiffs claimed that lehman was
aware of and assisted first alliance in its conduct. ... lehman defended on the
grounds that it was not an active participant in the allegedly fraudulent
practices and that it assisted first alliance's business generally, but not the
specific practices. ¶ following a jury verdict (6/16/03), the district court
awarded the plaintiffs over $5 million in damages on the aiding and abetting
claim. ... lehman appealed the damages award, arguing, among other things, that
the borrowers did not prove systematic fraud on a class-wide basis, that the
jury was improperly instructed on the elements of aiding and abetting fraud and
that there was insufficient evidence to establish aiding and abetting liability.
the ninth circuit affirmed the judgment against lehman on the basis that lehman's
internal reports indicated direct knowledge of first 



alliance's questionable business practices. the court also rejected lehman's claim
that it had assisted first alliance's business but not its fraud,
holding that such a distinction is irrelevant when a company's whole business is
'built like a house of cards on a fraudulent enterprise.' (underline emphasis
added.) the court, however, did remand the case for a recalculation of the
damages amount." (american bar association, section of litigation,
"ninth circuit decides first alliance
mortgage case")  "plaintiffs'
attorneys had focused on internal memos, especially a lehman due-diligence
report that said first alliance required its employees 'to leave your ethics
at the door.'" (emphasis added.) (lat, 9/18/08, "lehman bros. was big,
early supporter of subprime lending") 
"internal reports contained
unfavorable descriptions of first alliance's business practices, including
references to unethical practices and a disturbing record of loans generated to
senior citizens. nevertheless, in 1996 lehman agreed to extend first alliance a
$25 million warehouse line of credit. during 1996 and 1997, lehman co-managed
four asset-backed securitization transactions for first alliance."
(emphasis added.)  in re first alliance mortgage co., 471 f.3d 977
(9th cir. 2006)  what precautions, if any, did the "risk
committee" take
to make sure that lehman would not enter into relationships with others who
engaged in "questionable business practices"?  

 


       
"these days it's impossible to avoid news stories about the financial
crisis.... yet one very important question has gotten little attention: where
were the boards of directors of the companies that helped create this mess?
boards of directors set the guidelines and compensation levels, and in the end
are ultimately responsible for the performance of their ceos and companies. they
have a clear-cut fiduciary responsibility to provide oversight. we should not
ignore their roles in contributing to this financial meltdown. behind the ceo of
every freddie mac, bear stearns or lehman brothers who led their company down a
path toward financial ruin, there was a board of directors that sat by silently
and let it happen. the boards at these failed companies should have more
thoroughly challenged management about the types of investments the companies
were making, how much they were borrowing, and the types of standards being used
to assess the creditworthiness of those to whom they were making loans. while
the ceos run their companies' day-to-day activities, the boards have an
obligation to make sure there are enough safeguards in place that the ceos can't
sink their ships, such as requiring more active oversight of the activities and
investments being made by management and assuring that the board has a thorough
understanding of the risks, both long term and short term, presented by those
activities and investments. apparently, these boards faltered in this respect.
... [p]oliticians in 

washington

 would be wise to adjust their focus upward -- where the true power lies -- and
set greater levels of accountability for boards, requiring more stringent
oversight by those who are empowered to set the ground rules for american
companies." (wsj, 10/25/08, opinion: "where were the
boards?")  yeah! yeah! yeah!  ceo, bods and politicians are now
expressing politically correct views on corporate governance, but watch the
small print if and when they propose
purported solutions.  no one will destroy their own rice bowl.

 


       
"president-elect barack obama's newly appointed chief of staff, rahm
emanuel, served on the board of directors of the federal mortgage firm freddie
mac at a time when scandal was brewing at the troubled agency.... [t]he
entire board was later accused by the office of federal housing enterprise
oversight (ofheo) of having 'failed in its duty to follow up on matters brought
to its attention.' ... the spokesperson said that while on the board, emanuel
'believed that freddie mac needed to address concerns raised by congressional
critics.' ... the actions by freddie mac are cited by some economists as the
beginning of the country's economic meltdown. ... the oversight report said the
board had been apprised of the suspect accounting tactics but 'failed to make
reasonable inquiries of management.'"  (abc
news, 11/7/08, "emanuel was director of freddie mac during scandal")
the admission as to his belief makes a case for reckless disregard rather
than plain-vanilla negligence.  after
learning of the "concerns," what did he try do to remedy the
situation?  did he forcefully
speak-out or just silently slither to the bank with his lucrative compensation package?
       
"before its portfolio of bad loans helped trigger the housing crisis,
mortgage giant  freddie mac  was the focus of a major accounting scandal that led
to a management shake-up, huge fines and scalding condemnation of passive
directors. one of those board members was rahm
emanuel, now chief of staff to president obama. emanuel earned at least $320,000
for his 14-month stint at freddie mac. emanuel plays a critical role in
addressing the nation's mortgage woes and fulfilling the administration's pledge
to impose responsibility on the financial world -- the type of responsibility
that appeared to be absent at freddie mac. ... 

clinton

 appointed him to the freddie mac board in february 2000. the board met no more
than six times a year. ... emanuel and other new directors qualified for more
than $300,000 in stock and options plus a $20,000 annual fee.... during
emanuel's stint on the board, freddie mac executives told the board of a plan to
use accounting techniques to maximize profits that the government-chartered firm
was reaping from risky investments.... the report by armando falcon jr.,
director of the office of federal housing enterprise oversight, found that the
goal was to shift earnings into the future, ensuring that freddie mac would
appear profitable for years. falcon noted that this action boosted executives'
subsequent annual bonuses. falcon criticized the board for its acquiescence,
saying it 'became complacent' and 'failed to make adequate inquiries of
management and obtain sufficient information upon which to make decisions.' ...
many of those same risky investment practices eventually brought the firm to the
brink of insolvency and led to its seizure last year. ... because of freddie's
federal charter, the board in emanuel's day was a hybrid of directors elected by
shareholders and those appointed by the president. ... falcon found that
presidential appointees played no 'meaningful role' in overseeing the company
and recommended that their positions be eliminated. ... the obama administration
rejected a tribune request under the freedom of information act to review
freddie mac board minutes and correspondence during emanuel's time as a
director." (lat, 3/26/09, "obama aide had stint at freddie") 
is this another example of the peter principle? 



 



        
"why do smart people make bad decisions? with congress grilling bank ceos
wednesday, it's a timely question. ... sydney
finkelstein, a professor at dartmouth's tuck school of business, has studied
decision-making, and tried to track down some answers in a new book he's
co-authored called 'think again: why good leaders make bad decisions and how to
keep it from happening to you.' mr. finkelstein and his co-authors looked at
research in neuroscience and psychology as well as management. he talked with
the journal recently; here are edited excerpts of the conversation. ... another
idea is around governance. i've studied boards for --- it must be 15 or 20 years
now. i'm completely convinced that the biggest differentiator between high
quality boards and weaker boards is the extent to which they actually engage in
real debate." (wsj, 2/13/09, "why good managers make bad
decisions")

 


            "the
shockingly poor financial management of general
motors and chrysler weakened their case for a government bailout, but
officials feared letting the automakers collapse would severely harm the u.s.
economy, the former head of the obama administration's auto task force says.
... [s]teven rattner said he was alarmed by the 'stunningly poor
management' at the detroit

 companies and that gm had 'perhaps the weakest finance operation any of us had
ever seen in a major company.' gm's board of directors was 'utterly docile in
the face of mounting evidence of a looming disaster' and former gm chairman and
chief executive rick wagoner set a tone of 'friendly arrogance' that permeated
the company, rattner wrote." (ap, 11/212/09, "us
 task force shocked by state of gm, chrysler") 
so goes general motors, so goes the our county?


 


            "[w]hat
happens to the corporate directors who were supposed to be watching over
management? usually, nothing. they are likely to be named in shareholder suits,
but those suits are usually settled out of court, and the insurance company, or
the company itself, pays the bill. if it cannot be proved that the directors
actually took part in the fraud, they almost certainly will escape with no
penalty beyond a tarnished reputation. that reality made it all the more
surprising this week when the s.e.c. filed civil charges against three former
outside directors of a military contractor, dhb
industries, which sells body armor to the military and to law enforcement
agencies. ... the paucity of director cases since the passage of the
sarbanes-oxley law in 2002 has served as an indication that the s.e.c. is
mindful of the complaints companies made back then. the law required that boards
have audit committees formed of independent directors, and set forth a number of
duties for those directors. some company officials worried that the requirement
would make it harder to attract and keep directors, who would fear liability if
they somehow made a mistake or overlooked some minor detail. that has not
happened. instead the commission has chosen not to proceed in cases in which
there was anything less than severe recklessness. if directors relied on experts
like law firms or auditing firms, they have received the benefit of the doubt.
no outside directors of financial firms were named as defendants in cases the
s.e.c. filed that stemmed from the credit crisis. instead, some critics claim
that audit committees of boards have turned into check-the-box groups who
mechanically follow procedures aimed at assuring compliance with the law, but
may not be actually taking the time to oversee the company. ...that there was a
fraud at dhb industries is not news. the former chief executive, david
h. brooks, and the former chief operating officer, sandra hatfield, were convicted last september of fraud and are
awaiting sentencing by a federal judge. the former chief financial officer, dawn
schlegel, pleaded guilty. the company is in bankruptcy and has restated its
financials, admitting among other things that it greatly overvalued inventory.
it has agreed to settle s.e.c. charges as soon as it receives approval of the
bankruptcy court. ... the s.e.c. alleges that he (brooks) used another company
he controlled to overbill dhb industries and siphon $10 million out of the
company when it was enjoying a surge of orders for body armor after the sept.
11, 2001, attacks. he is also said by the commission to have
"misappropriated millions from the company through the use of company
credit cards and checks to pay for personal expenses, including luxury cars,
jewelry, extravagant vacations, prostitutes and his horse racing empire."
the directors, jerome krantz, cary chasin
and gary nadelman, were counted as
independent members of the board's audit committee, even though they were all
old friends and long island neighbors of mr. brooks. mr. krantz was the
company's insurance agent, and mr. chasin was a former company employee. one
major objective of the sarbanes-oxley law was to allow boards to escape the
domination of powerful chief executives. the s.e.c. says that did not happen
here. when accusations of wrongdoing were made, the board allowed mr. brooks to
control investigations of his own conduct. when the law firm that conducted one
investigation concluded it had been misled and resigned, the directors
"merely echoed brooks's sentiment" that the lawyer was spineless and
disloyal, the s.e.c. stated. the company went through two auditing firms that
resigned, one of which quit after the company forged an audit letter so it could
issue its annual report, according to the s.e.c. when one of the firms disavowed
its earlier audits, the company hired two separate firms to redo the audits,
without telling either firm about the other. it evidently hoped that one auditor
or another would sign off on the numbers. when the company's controller
concluded its inventory was overvalued, he first told his superiors and then
told the auditor, which notified the audit committee and said it should arrange
for an independent investigation. there was no investigation, but mr. krantz is
said to have been outraged that the controller violated protocol by telling the
audit firm instead of the committee. the controller was fired. none of the
directors settled the s.e.c. cases, which seek injunctions and would bar them
from serving as directors of public companies. the suits also seek to reclaim
profits the directors made from selling shares when the company's stock briefly
became popular with investors. ... instead, passage of that law seems to have
been a bonanza for outside directors. after the law took effect, a consensus
developed that better pay was needed to attract quality directors, and director
pay shot up. the increases stopped coming during the financial crisis, but pay
began rising again last year, particularly at smaller companies. ... even at
small companies, the pay for outside directors is now in the six figures, which
is not bad for part-time work. it would certainly be understandable if some
directors hesitated to risk their positions by challenging a powerful chief
executive. if it takes a case this egregious to provoke an s.e.c. action against
outside directors, the bar may be set too high." (3/3/11, nyt, "for
boards, s.e.c. keeps the bar low
")
 

 


           
"reforms such as sarbanes-oxley have improved corporate governance by
preventing chief executive officers from stacking boards of directors with their
friends and allies. but a more subtle bias still plagues many boardrooms—one
that policy changes and legislation can't combat. it's called choice-supportive
bias—the tendency people have to defend a choice even if it is clear that
they've made a bad decision…. the bias arises not from an intent to deceive
but rather from an unconscious need to protect one's sense of self. in a new
study published in the strategic management journal, we investigated whether
choice-supportive bias affects corporate directors and, if so, what harm it does
to companies. while the proverbial person in the street appears to be easy prey
for choice-supportive bias, we theorized that directors' education and business
experience might protect them. unfortunately, that's not the case. … we found
that directors who helped choose a ceo were unusually reluctant to replace that
executive. put another way, the more directors on the board were involved in the
ceo choice, the lower the chance that a ceo would be fired in the year after two
consecutive years of underperformance. such directors also tended to overpay the
ceo relative to his or her peers despite poor performance. one implication is
that some board turnover after hiring a new ceo is healthy. … [r]eplacing just
one of the directors who helped hire the ceo increases the chances of removing
the ceo by about 20% within the year following two years of poor
performance." (12/13/19, wsj, "boards may have a hidden bias toward the ceos
they chose; if the directors picked the chief, they are less inclined to fire
after poor performance, study says")




 
               
4.    reliance
upon suspect information

 

       
some directors seem to recklessly blind themselves.

 



       
"as far as john bogle (76-year-old founder of the vanguard
group inc.) is concerned, most corporate executives simply don't live up to
their promises or earn their exorbitant pay.  …
 so how did we get into this mess
where it's normal for chief executives to pocket millions of dollars in salary,
benefits and personal perks in return for lackluster leadership?  …
[t]he compensation committee to turn(s) to an understanding outside consultant,
who invariably says the ceo deserves a raise.  'no
consulting firm, as far as i know, has ever stayed in business by recommending
that ceos get less money. there are only two types of clients these compensation
consultants don't want to offend: actual clients and potential clients.'"
(dallas morning news, 5/6/06, "exorbitant
ceo pay 'doesn't wash'") 

 



       
"[t]he consultants feed data to compensation committees piecemeal,
reporting what other companies are offering in supplementary pensions one day,
the trend on bonuses a few days later, the value of stock options a week after
that. the directors, in turn, set the different components of their own chief
executive's pay package in equally disjointed fashion. … governance experts
say the full board increasingly wants a better handle on compensation committee
deliberations. many directors fear that they will all be held accountable for
egregious pay packages.  'the dick
grasso situation has made a lot of directors more cognizant of the need to get
the total picture, see how all the pieces - the base salary, restricted stock,
options, perks, retirement benefits - add up,' said  eleanor bloxham, president
of the  corporate governance alliance, a consulting firm in westerville,
ohio." (nyt, 4/3/05, "my big fat c.e.o. paycheck") 
how asleep at the wheel could directors be that they do not bother to add
the separate elements of pay packages to ceos? 
one would assume that they did not get where they are by being totally
incompetent.  how about beholden or
planning ahead for some reciprocity? 

 



       
"disney's directors were presented with the results of an in-depth review
by investment banks and lawyers hired by  disney after comcast
announced that it was interested in acquiring the company.  it is expected
that the board would reject the bid...." (nyt, 2/16/04, "disney board
rejects bid from comcast as too low")  does "hired by
disney" mean, in substance, "selected by ceo michael eisner" and
with the implicit understanding that there will be more employment and fees for
those investment banks and lawyers from disney if their findings keep eisner in
power?  if so, some directors are not capable of recognizing a blatant
conflict of interest.


       
"[c]ourt documents were unsealed in a case in delaware related to mr.
eisner's firing of  michael ovitz, the former hollywood agent who received a
$140 million severance package after he was ousted as president in december
1996.  among the documents, which disney's lawyers had hoped to keep sealed
... is a ... report that suggests that disney's board did not properly oversee
the hiring and firing of mr. ovitz." (nyt, 2/26/04, "pension fund and
proxy firm join critics of disney chief")  so, what's the big
deal?  didn't it happen a long time ago?  wasn't it only $140
million of shareholder assets?  aren't directors allowed to miss a small
item here and there?  weren't the attorneys just doing their duty by
shielding directors from the release of embarrassing information?  to whom
the attorneys felt they owed such a duty remains to be learned.  "the documents paint an unflattering portrait of mr. eisner's seemingly unilateral
move to bring mr. ovitz in, and later to award him a rich severance
package."  (wsj, 2/26/04, "disney shareholders' revolt
widens")  does "unilateral" mean that the bod had little or
no participation in the decisions?  "in her report, (deborah a.)
demott said eisner decided to hire ovitz as disney president before consulting
the company's board of directors.  the two men decided during an august
1995 hike in aspen, colo., that ovitz should join disney.  before board
approval, demott said, remodeling began on ovitz's future office and appraisals
were sought for his corporate jet.  the board signed off in late september."
(lat, 2/28/04, "as spender, ovitz was $6-million man") 
"documents unsealed recently in the delaware case suggest that when eisner
decided to hire ovitz as disney's president, he did  not consult the full board
and that a committee of directors spent about 10 minutes reviewing the
employment contract before recommending that it be approved." (lat,
9/20/04, "ovitz case haunts disney board")  "former walt disney co. board members stanley p.
gold and roy e. disney have been ordered to give new depositions in a
shareholder lawsuit against the company over the brief tenure of former company
president michael ovitz.  … (there
are) perceived inconsistencies between their testimony before they resigned and
their subsequent criticism of the disney board. … roy disney gave a deposition
in the case last june, and gold testified last october. both said they had fully
supported eisner's courting of ovitz.  they also said they had supported
the move to terminate ovitz on a no-fault basis. 
after their resignations last fall, gold and roy disney embarked on a
campaign to oust eisner and attacked the disney board for being eisner's 'rubber
stamp' during a period that included ovitz's brief stint as company president."
(lat, 6/2/04, "new testimony on ovitz ordered") 
those in glass houses….  "michael ovitz asked a judge to
dismiss investor claims ... because, he argues, investors can't prove that the
former talent agent violated any legal obligations by accepting the compensation
and severance packages offered by disney chief executive michael eisner and
approved by the company's board." (lat, 7/1/04, "ovitz seeks to
dismiss disney investor's suit")  hmmm.  if ovitz gets off the
$140 million hook, whose money would be at risk to pay the potential judgment? 
"the plaintiffs are seeking about $200 million in damages ... with any
reward to be covered by insurance. ... mr. eisner said that shortly after
mr. ovitz's hiring in august 1995, he began to school the new executive
in disney's mission for the near future. ...  mr.  eisner saw disney as a
company that needed to focus on ongoing operations, not hunt for new deals. ...
mr. eisner said that mr. ovitz didn't seem to hear the message, focusing on
attempted acquisitions."  (wsj, 11/17/04, "disney's eisner paints
his own picture of ovitz")  before ovitz was hired, did any
member of the disney bod ask the basic question, "mr. ovitz, what do you see
as the future for disney and, if you are selected for the position, your role in
that future?"  what's "due diligence"?  


       
"george j.
mitchell, a hands-on negotiator in international peace talks, preferred to
rely on trusted advisers when it came to hiring and firing michael s. ovitz as
president nearly 10 years ago. … mr. mitchell maintained that  mr. ovitz's
hiring was not a 'fait accompli' when the board first met as a group to consider
his employment  on sept. 26, 1995, even though a month earlier mr. eisner had
offered mr. ovitz the job, approved the terms of his employment agreement,
notified the media, held a lunch and engaged him in disney
projects.  … [h]e could not recall
anyone's asking for an independent evaluation.  ‘there
was a substantive discussion; there were questions asked,’ mr. mitchell said,
adding he was one of those who asked why mr. ovitz was being given three million
options. two members of the compensation committee explained that the options
were necessary to induce mr. ovitz to leave the company he founded, creative
artists agency, where he was said to earn up to $25 million a year.  at
disney, his annual compensation was to be $1 million a year plus a discretionary
bonus of up to $10 million.  mr.
mitchell said the board never asked for a separate investigation of mr. ovitz's
earnings at the agency." (nyt, 11/24/04, "chairman
tells of shared authority on ovitz") 
"the committee did not see … an analysis of the contract, the
exercise price on the options, a spreadsheet indicating what it might cost
disney to make good on the non-fault termination, or anything to indicate what
comparable executives in comparable jobs were being paid.  instead,
the committee members approved ovitz’s contract 'subject to such reasonable
further negotiations within the framework of the terms and conditions described'
as eisner might approve. …unfortunately, among the trifling details left
unresolved in ovitz’s contract and to be negotiated subject to eisner’s
approval was the circumstance that might give rise to a non-fault termination.
what eisner and ovitz negotiated between them turned out to be a substantial
departure from what had been summarized for the compensation committee."  (corporate
board member, november/december 2004, "the ghost of michael ovitz still
haunts the disney board")  are these the foot prints of "a
hands-on" kind of guy?


       
"(richard a.) nunis said that prior to ovitz's ouster, he and other board
members weren't briefed about the reasons eisner decided to grant ovitz a
'non-fault termination' that allowed him to receive the severance.  he also
acknowledged that he and his colleagues didn't know specifically how much ovitz
might be entitled to under the contract."  (bloomberg, 11/29/04,
"disney's nunis says he backed eisner on ovitz firing") 
"richard a. nunis, the ex-chairman of disney's parks and resorts and a
former disney director, said he told chief executive michael eisner that he
fully supported the decision to fire ovitz in a phone conversation a few days
before it was announced publicly in mid-december 1996.  nunis said that
phone conversation was the first time eisner told him that ovitz was being
terminated. ... nunis said he was pleased to learn from eisner in the summer of
1995 that disney planned to hire ovitz as it president.  eisner telephoned
him a few days before the hiring was announced publicly, nunis said. ... nunis
said he believed it was the responsibility of disney's compensation committee to
approve ovitz's pay package and then report those results to the full
board."  (ap, 11/29/04, "ex-disney director testifies on
ovitz")  it seems that eisner used the divide and conquer technique to
control the bod.   evidently, nunis did not understand eisner's fait
accompli style of corporate governance or his own fiduciary duty to
shareholders and got out his rubber stamp.


       
a written legal opinion and some objective legal advice might have saved
shareholders of disney at least $140 million. 
"sanford m. litvack, disney's former chief of corporate operations
and chief legal officer, said … mr. ovitz's contract only allowed him to be
fired for cause if he committed gross negligence or malfeasance.  …
'he was guilty of not being able to do the job.' … mr. litvack said he
didn’t do any legal research on the issue….  mr.
litvack said that he discussed the matter with in-house disney lawyers and
outside counsel, but never asked for a formal written opinion on the matter."  (wsj,
12/1/04, "disney ex-officer says ovitz couldn’t be fired 'for
cause'")  according to black
law dictionary, "gross negligence," unless contractually defined,
is, in part, “the intentional failure to perform a manifest duty in reckless
disregard of the consequences as affecting the life or property of another.” 
disney could have hired a legal maven to write a letter to ovitz: (1)
informing him as to his contractual obligations to disney and industry standards
of performance, that he was “not being able to do the job” and his severe
negative impact on disney; (2) suggesting means by which to cure his
"inability," e.g., go to charm school; and, (3) warning that disney
would consider continued failure to cure "not being able to do the
job" as "gross negligence."  where
was the bod in protecting at least $140 million of shareholder assets? 
"after reviewing mr. ovitz's contract, which did not
define what conduct would amount to gross negligence and malfeasance, mr.
litvack said, he concluded that the complaints against mr. ovitz did not rise to
the level of wrongdoing needed to deny him the severance. … mr. litvack said
he had consulted other lawyers within disney's legal department on the
termination question, but he had not asked any lawyer outside the company to
conduct a formal review or examine employment-law cases to reaffirm his opinion.
… mr. litvack said he had talked to morton a. pierce, a partner at the 

new york

 law firm dewey ballantine, about mr. ovitz's termination.  he
said he had used mr. pierce as a sounding board to 'bounce things off' about
legal issues involving disney.  the
defense produced mr. pierce's records, which show that he billed disney for 24
hours of work related to mr. ovitz's firing." 
(bloomberg, 12/1/04, "ex-disney lawyer defends ovitz payment") 
did litvack have a hand in drafting the ovitz’s employment contract
where key terms were not defined?  it
appears that "pierce’s records" evidence only that disney was billed
for "24 hours of work" vis-à-vis what pierce allegedly did or
advised.  however, litvack "had
not asked any lawyer outside the company to conduct a formal review or examine
employment-law cases to reaffirm his opinion."  did disney ask for a
legal audit of the charges?  was  "the keystone cops"
a disney production?


       
disney seems to have hedged its bets with its legal strategy.  if the
evidence reveals that the bod was asleep at the wheel and  that ovitz's
hiring and firing was presented to the bod by eisner as a fait accompli,
directors may, now, claim that eisner had authority to hire and fire without bod
consent.  "sidney poitier ... serve(d) for nine years as a walt
disney co. director. ... poitier ... said he believed it was within eisner's
purview as chief executive to fire ovitz without board approval." (lat,
12/8/04, "actor's life in spotlight in disney's ovitz
trial")  did he suppose that the bod dealt with issues involving
ovitz's hiring and firing as the bod had nothing better to do?  what else
did he believe was "within eisner's purview ... without board
approval"?


       
"yes, the $140 million severance package was 'breathtaking.' but no,
it did not constitute an outright breach of duty by disney's board of directors,
a judge in 

delaware

 ruled today.  …. the lawsuit has
highlighted just how much responsibility shareholders want corporate directors
to assume. … by exonerating the directors, the decision suggests some limits
to the liability, and vulnerability, of corporate boards for bad management
decisions.  … ‘they must act in
good faith to make informed decisions on behalf of the shareholders, untainted
by self-interest,’ he (judge chandler) added. …  a
court should judge directors on their intentions, not on their results.
that kind of judgment should rest with the market: shareholders can sell
their stock, customers can go elsewhere. otherwise, directors may make all
their decisions with an eye toward minimizing risk. … 'are there aspects of
ovitz's hiring that reflect the absence of ideal corporate governance?' he
wrote. 'certainly, and i hope that this case will serve to inform stockholders,
directors and officers of how the company's fiduciaries underperformed.'"
(nyt, 8/9/05, "judge rules for walt disney directors in ovitz case") 
"shareholders can sell their stock," but not a mention that
shareholders should have a viable means to replace directors through the proxy
process.  now that shareholders have
been informed that the bod "underperformed," how can they be held
accountable for their "bad management."
 


       
ironically,
another chancery court judge, in denying roy e. disney’s request to publicly
disclose documents that he obtained pursuant to a shareholder’s inspection
rights, recently stated, "there are other avenues for bringing directors to
account for their mismanagement, most notably by contesting elections and by
instituting derivative litigation." (roy e. disney v. the walter disney
company, 

delaware

 chancery court, case no. 380 2004, opinion on remand 6/20/05, page 13) 
 in the real world, those "avenues" are currently
insurmountably barricaded.




       
"a trial court judge erred in ruling
that walt disney co. directors did not violate their fiduciary duties in the
hiring and firing of former 
hollywood
 superagent michael ovitz, an attorney for disney shareholders told the state
supreme court on wednesday. attorney steven schulman argued that chancellor
william chandler iii … chandler imposed an unfair burden of proof on the
plaintiffs in ruling that they failed to rebut the presumptions afforded
corporate directors under the business judgment rule, schulman said.  schulman
argued that the plaintiffs had overcome that presumption by establishing that
disney directors had acted with 'gross negligence' in not scrutinizing ovitz's
employment and no-fault termination agreements, but that chandler improperly
required the plaintiffs to prove by a preponderance of evidence that the
directors had acted in 'bad faith' or an 'absence of due care.' 

chandler

 also erred in absolving the disney directors of liability based on their
individual actions rather than collective action, and wrongly concluded that
former disney ceo michael eisner had the authority to hire and terminate his
longtime friend without the board's approval, the plaintiffs argued. 
'the question is, in this case, did the board have a duty to act?' said
schulman, adding that chandler's conclusion that the business judgment rule
applied to eisner and other corporate officers, not just disney's directors, had
no basis in delaware law. (ap, 1/26/06, "judge erred, attorney says in
disney appeal")  "[c]omments
prompted questions from the bench. chief justice myron t. steele asked 'should
we ignore the rule of law' no matter how 'careful the fact-finding?' justice
henry dupont ridgely asked whether the directors 'could have been a little
tougher in negotiations.' and justice jack b. jacobs questioned the failure of
the disney compensation committee to fully inform the board about the
consequences of a nonfault termination of mr. ovitz." (nyt, 1/26/06,
"disney shareholders ask court to reverse ovitz pay decision")

 



       
"you may not know frederic w. cook, but if you are a shareholder or
employee who has watched executive pay rocket in recent years, you are likely to
be acquainted with his work. … in corporate boardrooms across america, cook
& company is renowned and relied upon when pay is in play. … mr.
cook’s willingness to attach his formidable name to the business
roundtable’s study exonerating corporate compensation practices suggests that
he is friend, not foe, to executives on the receiving end of lottery-sized
payouts.  … the business is very
profitable, but analysts say that large firms often use pay consulting as a loss
leader so they can snare more lucrative consulting contracts. any consultant
that pushes back on executive pay packages runs the risk of putting other
consulting contracts at risk. … in that context, some consultants say, the new
s.e.c. disclosure rules would have been more robust if, in addition to mandating
disclosure of the consulting firm’s identity, they also required a rundown of
other services a firm provides to each of its clients. but they do not. pressure
to do more business with a compensation client, some consultants say, has given
advisers an incentive to push the boundaries of executive pay practices. …
[i]n testimony before congress last year on the subject of executive
compensation, mr. cook argued that a bill to try to rein in pay — the
protection against executive compensation abuse act — was undesirable. mr.
cook used most of his testimony to criticize news-media reports on executive
pay." (nyt, 10/15/06, "corporate america’s pay pal") 
does anyone believe that, without this article, bods might never have
realized the apparent conflict-of-interest in allowing ceos to hire consultants
to opine to the bod upon the ceo's salary levels?

 



       
"chief executives of three financial companies who received outsize pay
packages even as their shareholders lost billions in the spreading credit crisis
are scheduled to testify before congress on friday.... after combing through
thousands of documents, members of the house oversight and government reform
committee, led by henry a. waxman, democrat
of california, will pose pay questions to angelo mozilo, the head of countrywide
financial.... members of the companies' boards will also testify
about practices they used to devise the executives' pay and exit packages.
documents uncovered by the committee's investigation included minutes of board
meetings and internal e-mail messages discussing pay practices. among them were
documents that showed countrywide seeking out a second opinion after a
compensation consultant hired by its board said mr. mozilo's compensation was
inflated.  the second consultant, john
england at towers perrin, appeared to serve as 'mr. mozilo's personal adviser,
with the goal of achieving "maximum opportunity" for him,' the
committee's memo said. towers perrin created a more lucrative package for mr.
mozilo than the previous consultant had recommended.... joseph p. conway, a
spokesman for towers perrin said, in a statement ... that countrywide's board
made the final determination on mr. mozilo’s pay.  ...
last december the committee heard testimony about the potential for conflicts of
interest among compensation consultants that are hired by company boards even as
they receive lucrative contracts from the executives whose pay they help design.
... 'the way these severance packages are constructed, the executive can't
lose,' said james reda, an independent compensation consultant in 

new york city

. 'that has to change. there has to be more risk involved.' ... later that
month, after being invited to testify before the oversight committee, mr. mozilo
agreed to give up $37.5 million in severance pay, consulting fees and
perquisites such as use of the company jet." 
(nyt, 3/7/08, "panel to review payouts given by troubled
firms")  who paid for the second
consultant?  was the towers perrin
informed that there was a first consultant and the first consultant's
recommendations?  did the bod ever
question why a second consultant was necessary? 
did the bod compare the recommendations and the bases for each? 
"the report says two compensation consultants hired in recent years
urged the board to cut back on certain aspects of mr. mozilo's compensation. the
first was pay consulting firm pearl meyer
& partners inc., which advised countrywide in 2004 when it was
discussing an extension of mr. mozilo's contract. ... a second consultant, exequity
llp, in 2006 recommended reductions in mr. mozilo's compensation.... after
the board's compensation committee proposed making those cuts ... countrywide
management hired another consulting firm, towers
perrin, to review the board's proposal. though the firm was being paid by
countrywide, mr. mozilo regarded the towers perrin representative, john england,
as his own adviser, emails reviewed by the committee staff suggest. 'the board
made a number of revisions to accommodate mr. mozilo and mr. 

england

,' the report says. among other things, the board put larger companies into the
peer group used to gauge mr. mozilo's pay...." (wsj, 3/7/08, "house report says countrywide's mozilo 
resisted pay cuts")  did
the bod wonder about the independence of a consultant hired by
"management"?

 

 

       
"corporate executives play a critical role in advising directors and
shareholders on the merits of taking the companies they run private.  yet
these same managers stand to make so much personally from participating in
leveraged buyouts that it's difficult to see how they can offer objective
advice.  private-equity
firms often shower executives with incentives to stay and either bring the
company back to the public markets or sell it. to shareholders, this process is
mostly opaque.  once
a company goes private, there's no duty to disclose all of the goodies being
lavished on managers who stuck around. only if a company later goes public does
this come to light. that means investors must wait to assess the inducements
that may have been dangled in front of executives who participated in many
recent giant leveraged buyouts. ... these potential conflicts aren't always
apparent.  as
the urge to go private reaches a frenzy, shareholders should scrutinize the
incentives managers may reap by cozying up to private-equity bosses." (wsj,
11/18/06, "on going private: investors beware --- same officials advising holders
on merits of lbo may stand to profit big") 
what goodies are bestowed upon the directors to bless the transaction? 
a latino description might be applicable --- "vendidos!"

 

       
some directors may have immaculate pedigrees, know their social graces, graduate
from well-known institutions of higher learning, become members of the most
prestigious/elite organizations, gain riches beyond belief, but are total blind
to conflicts of interest and lack common sense. "in april 2001, directors
of utility fpl group inc. faced a sticky problem. a few months earlier, they'd awarded
top executives $62 million in bonuses linked to a merger.... now the deal had
fallen apart and shareholders were clamoring to get the money back. ... after
three years and millions in legal bills, executives returned $9 million, based
largely on a technicality. insurers paid another $12.5 million. the fpl saga
is an object lesson in why companies rarely recoup money paid to executives for
results they didn't actually achieve. although the concept seems simple, at
least from an ethical point of view, so-called 'clawbacks' of executive pay are
in practice disruptive, divisive and difficult to pull off. in addition to a
murky legal environment, the process is complicated by compensation contracts
and insurance provisions. most boards don't try recovering the money. those that
do often get mired in years of litigation. ... fpl's clawback tale began in
december 2000 when shareholders approved the company's $8 billion merger with entergy
corp. the approval triggered payment of $92 million in cash bonuses to nearly
700 managers. like many companies, juno beach, fla.-based fpl, the parent of florida power & light co., had a 'change of control' provision
in its compensation plan, designed to retain top talent during a merger or
acquisition. fpl's provision was unusually liberal. it took effect even if fpl
shareholders ended up owning a significant majority of the merged company. fpl
also required the payments to be made when shareholders approved a deal, rather
than waiting for it to be completed. two-thirds of the money went to fpl's top
eight officers. the chairman and ceo at the time, james l. broadhead, received the biggest chunk -- $22.6 million. ...
 in april 2001, the two companies
called off the deal. former fpl director marshall
criser says it was only after the deal collapsed that he realized the merger
bonuses had already been paid. mr. criser, a lawyer, says he expected the board
to ask mr. broadhead and others to return the money.   ...
some directors upset about the payments felt they had no grounds to demand
repayment, says willard dover, a
lawyer and former fpl director. mr. dover says some directors also feared
hurting relations with mr. broadhead and other officers, given the close ties
between the executives and the board. mr. dover himself used to hunt with
an fpl executive. at least three independent directors were friends of mr.
broadhead.... mr. broadhead and fpl's general counsel, who also received
the bonus, asserted publicly and to directors that the payments were justified
by language in the compensation plans. ... in may 2001, they (fpl directors)
formed a committee to review the payments. directors relied heavily on advice
from the company's management. to staff the committee, mr. broadhead recommended
mr. dover and two other directors, and the board agreed. the committee also
hired a law firm recommended by fpl's general counsel. after eight months of
work, the committee replaced the law firm, citing an appearance of a conflict of
interest. in court documents, the directors said they were unaware that the
firm, steel hector & davis, had
earlier had the job of reviewing and approving the controversial compensation
plan. after 16 months of study, the board decided in september 2002 not to
pursue repayment of the bonuses. ... meanwhile, the judge hearing the
shareholder suits ruled against the company in a key preliminary ruling. in
january 2004, florida district judge alan gold ... noted that the board's committee had been
hand-picked by mr. broadhead, and that two of the three members had initially
approved the awards as part of the compensation committee. the judge also
questioned the independence of fpl's first set of lawyers. the ruling
prompted fpl's board and executives to settle the shareholder suit in late 2004.
mr. broadhead and other executives agreed to repay $22.25 million of their $62
million. of that, the executives paid $9.75 million according to court
documents; insurers covered the rest. ... [t]he long drama prompted changes. in
a series of amendments starting in 2001, fpl's board revised the
change-of-control provision to take effect only after a merger is completed. it
cut potential bonuses in half and made it harder to trigger such a
payment." (wsj, 11/20/06, "check, please
---companies discover it's hard to reclaim pay from executives --- even in case of malfeasance, 'clawbacks' are divisive and the rules murky ---the
merger that never was")  if
this is an "object lesson," shareholders are in deep trouble. 
merger bonus incentives induce the urge-to-merge and result in conflicts
of interest.

 

       
also, please see "'fairness
opinions' are unfair," below.


       
"[f]ew management actions have done as good a job of destroying value as
have mergers and acquisitions. some work out fine, but many do not. ... so why
are public companies willing to pay more? an answer may come from the journal of
finance article, written by jarrad harford of the 
university
 of 
washington
 and kai li of the 

university
 of 
british columbia

. they found that corporate managers are often richer after a bad merger than
they were before. ... among mergers that left shareholders worse off than
before, the managers emerged wealthier for the experience in three-quarters of
the deals. ...  pay
consultants advising boards on pay for chief executives typically start by
calculating the compensation at comparable companies.  a big merger can
catapult a company into a bigger size category, making the old
executive-compensation package appear to be very low compared with the new set
of comparable companies.  so the bosses get big raises long before it is
clear whether the merger is going to work out well. ... [t]he clear advantages
to management of mergers -- even if they do not help the shareholders -- mean
that the board should be involved in merger discussions from the beginning. ...
[s]ome clever consultant will discover this paper and conclude that the answer
is clear: give management 20 percent of the company to assure they will be
adequately motivated to keep the interests of shareholders in mind. (nyt,
4/20/07, "owners lose as bosses win in bad mergers
") 
this absolutely shocking --- some ceos are no better than rip-off artists
and some consultants blindly crunch numbers, while bods act like
ostriches.  truly shocking!

 



               
5.    no shame

  



       
"[d]irectors
are up for election to the xerox
board…  three of them, brushed by
the company's accounting scandal during the late 1990's, should spare themselves
the embarrassment and back down.  xerox
… settled a huge and ugly civil accounting fraud case last year…. xerox
improperly recognized equipment sales of $3 billion, regulators concluded, 'to
polish its reputation on wall street and boost the company's stock price.' …
[t]he three members of the audit committee who were charged with overseeing the
company's accounting during the years the misstatements were made remain on the
board.  they are 
 hilmar kopper,
former chief executive of deutsche bank and a xerox director since 1991;  n. j.
nicholas jr., a director since 1987 and a former president of time warner; and

john e. pepper, former chief executive of procter & gamble and vice
president for finance and administration at yale university. mr. pepper, a xerox
director since 1990, is the audit committee's chairman. … not only did these
people miss what regulators called a $3 billion accounting fraud, they were all
on the audit committee in 2001 when it fired kpmg, its accounting firm at the
time, after kpmg raised red flags about xerox's books. … 
the fact that these men have agreed to stand for re-election after such a
dismal performance is yet another example of people in positions of power
refusing to take responsibility for anything. … time for the shareholders to
take charge.  all three men are up
for election.  all three should get the boot." (nyt, 5/16/04, "don't
they know it's time to go?")  those
three directors were re-nominated by their fellow directors under current rules
and regulations.  what does the  new york times propose as the means by
which shareholder "take charge" and give the errant directors "the
boot"?



 



       
"mercury interactive corp. …
said three of its top executives (chief executive  amnon landan, chief financial
officer  douglas smith and general counsel  susan skaer) resigned after a company
investigation found that they had manipulated the value of stock options for six
years.  its shares plunged 27%.  …the
company also said that it had named giora
yaron chairman…. the committee (of directors formed in june to investigate
the options, after the sec began an inquiry) also determined that three board
members — igal kohavi, yair shamir
and yaron — should have questioned whether six option grants the board
unanimously approved were properly dated.  those
members should not have relied on management to give them proper documentation
for the grants…." (bloomberg news, 11/3/05, “executives at mercury
interactive step down") 
27% of shareholder value up in smoke, but no mention as to whether the
errant directors will be held accountable and, if so, when and in what manner. 
however, we do know that, after receiving criticism from his fellow directors, but before
all that smoke cleared, yaron was promoted. 
go, figure!

 



       
''shareholders are too removed from the boardrooms of the companies they own,
and what happened at enron is a fine reminder of why they should agitate
for power in director elections. …. but while being on the bridge during such
a shipwreck would be a career-ender for most, directors are different from you
and me. even those involved in notorious corporate debacles can still find a
warm welcome in the occasional boardroom. … the securities and exchange
commission tries to bar directors that it feels are unfit to serve because they
have been involved in securities law violations. … a spokesman for the
commission said that it does not keep records of how many of the requests were
granted by the courts. the s.e.c. has sought bars for enron officers, but not
its directors. late last year, the s.e.c. notified three directors and audit
committee members at hollinger international, saying that they may be
sued for their failure to spot fraud…. two of them, richard r. burt, a
former 
united states
 ambassador to 

germany

 and former national security correspondent for the new york times, and marie-josee
kravis, a senior fellow at the hudson institute, a conservative research
organization, are directors at other public companies. … when problems erupt,
it is nigh to impossible, of course, for shareholders of public companies to
tell whether their directors were asleep at the switch or being actively misled.
some directors, however, manage to hit the trifecta by serving on boards of
several companies that experience problems. …. companies don't always
volunteer that their directors were on the scene of a corporate governance mess
elsewhere. … [r]eforms are not likely to come, alas, unless more shareholders
yell about their exclusion from boardroom elections. proxy season is upon us.
for directors who put their shareholders second, withhold should be the word.'' 
(nyt, 1/29/06, ''sticky
scandals, teflon directors'')  after shareholders have "agitated" and/or
"yelled" and/or "withheld," but nothing really changes, what
more could shareholders do?

 



       
some director may be awake
at the wheel, but they
are at the wrong wheel. 
could this be another means by which ceos control bods? 
"by 'studying a board's membership, structure and relevance to the
core business, you can divine a great deal about the company as a whole' says bi
publisher and business commentator  ralph d. ward. as an example, the board of
beleaguered auto giant  general motors at first glance checks off all the boxes
for good governance. it has strong committees, very impressive board resumes
(directors include merrill lynch ceo  stanley o'neal and ex-ernst & young ceo

philip laskaway), and all independent members save for ceo/chair  rick
wagoner.
but closer analysis shows 'some dry rot in the boardroom.'  half of the gm
board's directors have 'retired, former or emeritus in their titles.' further,
the directors may be blue-chip corporate statesmen, but 'none seem to have any
experience actually making or marketing cars.' ward notes that too many
corporations have boards with 'no seeming relationship to the company's
needs.'" (boardroominsider, 11/05, "how
smart analysts read the boardroom 'tea
leaves'") 
has anyone else wondered what industry specific knowledge qualified  madeline
albright to serve on the bod of the nyse?

 



       
"the mere mention of 'chainsaw' al
dunlap sends shudders among corporate directors. ... with the benefit of a
decade's hindsight, charles thayer -- one of the board members who hired dunlap --
recently talked about lessons learned at a 

florida

 chapter meeting of the national association of corporate directors. ... but in
1994, sunbeam needed 'dramatic action,' which led to the hiring of
dunlap, a turnaround specialist who earned his 'chainsaw' nickname from deep
cuts at troubled companies. thayer, who was on sunbeam's board from 1990 to
1997, says there are lessons about ceo succession that can be learned from
sunbeam. though he backed dunlap to become ceo, thayer says they had different
philosophies about running the business -- one reason thayer left sunbeam as
dunlap came on board. dunlap's mentality was to fix it and sell it, not to
rebuild the company. the flaw, thayer said, is 'you've only got one exit
strategy.' ... dunlap, fresh from his 'turnaround' at scott paper, was hired to
lead sunbeam in 1996.  'we managed to get the most notorious turnaround
artist in the country,' thayer said.  dunlap, who detailed his strategy in
his book mean business, had become a wall street sensation.  at
scott paper, he pumped the stock by chopping thousands of jobs and selling off
assets. ... he tried the same formula at sunbeam. ...  the
biggest lesson?  be careful about
going for the quick fix.  as sunbeam shows, the price for a community,
employees and even board members can be costly."
(sun-sentinel, 12/14/06, "looking for a new boss? don't do what
sunbeam did with 'chainsaw al'")  that's
great!  the directors knowingly hired
someone with a "different philosophy" and abandoned ship.  they
could have hired "ming the merciless"!

 



           
"it is easy to catalog the ways bob
nardelli failed home depot's shareholders. but the home-improvement
giant's directors also botched things by abetting his poor stewardship. ... not
only did the directors twiddle their thumbs for seven years as mr. nardelli
destroyed value ... but as thanks for this whopping underperformance, directors
have showered him with a $210 million payoff.  sure,
some of this is deferred compensation, but it still amounts to one of the
greatest payments for failure ever. ... two directors have the most to answer
for. ken langone, who runs the board's governance committee, has a poor
track record for reining in greedy bosses. he was head of the new york stock
exchange's compensation committee that awarded dick grasso much of his
controversial pay. mr. langone declined to comment. second is bonnie
hill, who runs home depot's compensation committee. she sits on five public
company boards, is active in numerous civic organizations and runs a company
with her husband. she can argue that her attendance record is stellar and that
there are no inherent conflicts in her multiple duties. but can she really stay
on top of all these jobs? mr. nardelli's departure is good news for investors.
but, unless the other directors who supported his regime can come up with a good
defense, they should go, too." (wsj, 1/4/07, "nardelli's failures are many") wrong! 
less-than-effective directors do not simply recognize the errors of their
ways and leave as they have no shame.  disgruntled shareholders need a low
cost and efficient means by which to show them the door.

 



       
"the chief executive of moody's corp. told directors last year that the
credit-ratings firm's push to increase profitability posed a 'risk' to the
quality of the ratings process....  the
moody's ceo,  

raymond
mcdaniel,
insisted to (congressional) committee members wednesday that moody's ratings
weren't influenced by the bottom line.  but
company documents suggested that he and other moody's executives were torn
between maintaining the integrity of the ratings process and easing standards in
an effort to win more business." (wsj, 10/23/08, "moody's ceo warned
profit push posed a risk to quality of ratings") ceos fail to fess-up even
when faced with documentary evidence, which contradicts their statements.
accountability?  where were the
adults at the party?  what was the bod's response --- "go for
it"?  let the cover-up begin! 


 
       
"when david m. poppe (sequoia
fund) sat down a little over a week ago to write a letter to his investors,
he knew he was taking an unusual step. ... his letter ... implored his firm's
investors to vote against the re-election of one of goldman sachs's most
prominent board members, james a. johnson, a
former chief executive of fannie
mae. mr. poppe characterized mr. johnson's tenure as being
"at the center of several egregious corporate governance debacles."
mr. johnson also is a board member of target, and mr. poppe
also advises his investors to vote against his re-election if he is nominated
again. it may be surprising that the former chief of fannie mae still remains
the director of a public company as prominent as goldman sachs and target. but perhaps more surprising, many other
executives who had tumultuous reigns are also board members of major public
companies: charles o. prince iii,
the former chief executive of citigroup, who resigned
under pressure in 2007 amid huge write-downs at the bank, is a director of xerox and johnson & johnson. e. stanley o'neal,
the former chief executive of merrill lynch on whose
watch the firm loaded up on subprime debt that almost bankrupted the company, is
a director of the aluminum giant alcoa. and a number of
other prominent executives could soon be added to that head-scratching list. eduardo
castro-wright, a vice chairman at wal-mart
stores who oversaw the company's mexico unit and was identified by a former
executive there as being part of a bribery scandal that was recently uncovered
by the new york times, is a director at metlife.
...mr. johnson stepped down in 1999 (from fannie mae), but there has long been a
debate about whether he was responsible for creating the culture that led to
fannie mae's failure. in fairness to mr. johnson, the vast majority of losses
racked up by fannie were the results of loans bought after he departed. mr.
poppe also cited mr. johnson's board memberships at the unitedhealth group, in
which the company's chief settled claims of backdating stock options, and kb home, in which its
chief was convicted of felony charges for backdating. ... [i]n both cases, mr.
johnson was on the compensation committee. "what does that say?" he
asked. he then recounted a famous line from warren e. buffett:
'"i've been on 19 boards and they put me on one comp committee — and they
regretted it. they're looking for cocker spaniels, not dobermans."' ...
does an executive's failed history at one company automatically disqualify him
from serving on the boards of others? (nyt, 4/23/12, "'tainted,' but still
serving on corporate boards") gee folks, isn't america great --- no
accountability! it is a place where business "friendships" counts more
than competence. it's the home of the dysfunctional family restaurant.









 




   
6.   
failure to understand or use financial statement analysis



       
are  

directors too busy to read the publicly available securities filings and/or unable to
understand the vague and ambiguous statements made on their behalf?  sticking one's head in the sand may no longer be a
viable defense.  corporate directors and prospective directors, performing "due
diligence" before accepting directorships, should become financial-statement literate.
with minimal training in financial statement analysis and use of publicly
available information, directors should be able to detect various financial shenanigans and financial
distress years before the stocks of those companies plummet or the companies entered into bankruptcy court proceedings. 
(see, e.g., financial statement analysis.)  however, even armed with indications of questionable accounting, financial
mismanagement and/or operational problems, bods would probably continue to trust
the contrary protestations of management as opposed to believing their own eyes.

 



           
"citigroup inc. ... appears to be getting started on a restructuring of
its board. the banking giant said in a statement on its web site that its board
'is actively seeking new directors' and is placing a 'particular emphasis on
expertise in finance and investments.'  the board has been criticized by
shareholders and, in private, by some citigroup executives. they are frustrated
with the board's failure to sound the alarm as the bank piled up risks in the
years before the credit crunch hit, saddling citigroup with more than $20
billion in losses since last summer. the board has few members with experience
in financial services. only two outside directors ... have any banking
background. ... robert e. rubin, the former treasury secretary who is chairman
of citigroup's executive committee, has been singled out for sharp attacks. some
investors and executives say mr. rubin ... deserves blame for citigroup's larger
appetite for risk-taking. he also has drawn fire for his eight-figure pay
package.  mr. rubin ... has defended
his role by noting that he isn't responsible for risk-management or trading
functions. ...  citigroup said it was
disclosing the search in response to inquiries from shareholders about the
expected departures of a number of directors." 
(wsj, 4/1/08, "citi seeks finance-savvy directors") 
is citigroup just now realizing the value of bod members with "experience
in financial services"?  "in his
speech, mr. obama noted that there was no point trying to best mr. mccain in
matters of experience, that what counted was good judgment. 
very true.  how can one have
the latter without the former is a question for the rest of us to
consider."  (wsj, 4/1/08,
"does obama understand defeat?")


           
"if shareholders were to rise up en masse, the tremors among financial
firms would be intense. most of the other big u.s.
subprime players have board elections in the next few weeks. some have already
replaced chief executives or other top officials, in an effort to put troubles
behind them. could directors be next? ...  but
even though shareholders in the
 u.s.
 could toss out lots of bank directors, don't look for that to happen. a
union-led effort to trace culpability into the boardroom is running into
skepticism from investment heavyweights. ... after the business scandals of 2001
and 2002, some corporate boards were remade top to bottom, so new management
could make a fresh start. a prominent case was  tyco international, where all the
directors quit soon after the 2002 ouster of ceo dennis kozlowski, who was later
convicted of fraud.  but morgan
stanley and its kind aren't tyco. the financial sector's stumbles are mostly
about managers' hubris, sloppy analysis and a poor awareness of what happens
when bull markets end. those are pretty standard failings on wall street -- and
they're a long way short of systemic fraud. as the riskmetrics analysts say in a credit-crunch report to be released
next week: 'investors don't appear to be interested in turning directors into
scapegoats for credit-related problems.' directors
can spot some trouble early, but they can't protect against everything. their
main recourses are to ask tough questions, replace problem bosses and help build
better safeguards, all of which are happening at the more-resilient banks.
kicking out legions of directors just means that a new generation of boardroom
novices has to learn those lessons afresh.  frustrated
investors might be better served by asking how banks can build stronger boards
in the future." (wsj, 4/2/08, "wall street housecleaning may bypass
boardroom") is blaming
"credit-related problems" an excuse for bods that were unable or
unwilling to recognize the trend toward "managers' hurbris, sloppy analysis
and a poor awareness of what happens when bull markets end"?
bods are in place to catch "pretty standard failings" as well
as "systemic fraud."  shareholders
can ask, "how banks can build stronger banks in the future," until the
cows come home, but that is futile without an efficient and low cost means to
nominate director candidates.


           
"citigroup's announcement on monday that it plans to stress finance and
investing know-how in filling upcoming openings on its board of directors could
be the tip of an iceberg. ... loading a board with financial people, even at a
financial-services company, makes for a bad mix, according to (milan) moravec (chief executive
officer of moravec & associates, a management consulting firm). 'you'll have
a bunch of technical experts who are not really very good at communicating with
one another or at bringing about the right levels of constructive conflict and
differences of opinion,' he said. 'they'll be likely to make the same kinds of
poor decisions that were made before.' indeed,
having too many finance experts could undermine one of a board's chief
functions, which is to ask 'the dumb question,' according to keith
hall, a former cfo of lending tree
who now sits on three boards (public company, private company, and non-profit
organization). asking and answering such questions could have insulated
companies from exposure to the subprime mortgage meltdown, he suggested. ...
hall told cfo.com, 'if a board had an environment supportive of members asking
dumb questions, they might have asked, "'what are all these alphabet
soup-like things like cdos?  how do
they really work?'" if you had probed further, could it have been revealed
whether there was proper documentation of the underlying instruments supporting
these mortgages? perhaps the most important dumb question would be, "'what
were the facts behind these subprime loans?'"" a different point of
view was offered by ramon weil, a
professor of accounting in the university
 of 
chicago's graduate business school who has done research on the roles of finance
executives on corporate boards. he said citigroup's strategy is appropriate
because it's a financial services company. at a manufacturing company, say,
someone whose expertise is largely in finance rather than in manufacturing might
not have much to offer as a member of the general board. theoretically such a
person is needed for the audit committee, but weil pointed to problems there as
well. 'the most surprising thing in my research has been how many cfos don't
know diddly-squat about accounting,' he said. 'i'm suspect of cfos on boards who
have never been involved with accounting. they know about financial markets,
earnings reports, borrowing, and dividend policy, but they tend not to be real
helpful on audit committees about the kinds of accounting issues that have
gotten so many companies in trouble.'" (cfo.com,
4/4/08, "are cfos fit for outside board seats?") what
were "the smart questions," if any, that the citigroup's bod asked?
if a director is only
capable of asking "the dumb question," is he/she able to understand
the answers? 

 



      
"nortel networks corp. … had a profit of $40 million, its first
positive quarterly result in four years. …  but
the profits turned out to be illusory. … [t]he company inaccurately employed
an accounting maneuver to make it look profitable, when in fact it wasn't. …. [t]he alleged manipulation centered
on the misuse of an accounting entry known as accrued liabilities.  accrued
liabilities derive from the charges companies often take for matters such as
merger costs, write-downs and, in nortel's case, contractual liabilities.

…
some former employees and critics say  board members, many of whom were former
ambassadors and canadian corporate leaders,  should have spotted the accounting
problems earlier."  (wsj,
7/2/04, reversing the charges: nortel board finds accounting tricks behind '03
profits; a telecom star manipulated its reserves, hid losses, an investigation
discovers; how to empty the cookie jar")



 



       
corporate directors and prospective directors may not reasonably rely upon
securities analysts to inform them of questionable accounting practices and/or
financial distress.  "howard m. schilit, an accounting expert who runs the center for
financial research and analysis, an independent research firm, scoffed at
the excuse that analysts could not have detected problems at enron. 'everybody
is saying, "they hid from us," he said, but beginning in march 2000,
he added, there were a string of warning signs in enron's public securities
filings. the problem, mr.
schilit said, is that analysts who question the value of a popular
company are branded as controversial. 'if you want to move up the hierarchy of
the wall street establishment, you don't rock the boat,' he said." (nyt,
2/28/02, "wall st. analysts faulted on enron")  "john c. hueston, a well-regarded — and aggressive — prosecutor
from southern california

 … advocated charging mr. lay with making false statements…. 
he (hueston) interviewed securities analysts, seeking to
understand what mr. lay had conveyed to the marketplace. he was shocked to find
that most of them had not bothered to look closely at enron's securities
filings and were taking enron's statements 'virtually at face value.'" (nyt, 6/4/06, "the
enron case that almost wasn't")

 



       
"[w]hen it comes to earnings, the bottom line is important, but it is the
quality of that number that really counts. so, rather than talk to management
... stick to the facts -- or, as the case may be, numbers. ... in the wake of
the government's efforts to help clean up corporate america

 ... there is no shortage of red flags to be found. the underlying problems
haven't changed, but ... as anybody who spends time poking around the underbelly
of financial statements knows, just because something is disclosed doesn't mean
it is right; it simply means the company has dropped more bread crumbs, which
... could come in handy for financial sleuths...." (wsj, 4/7/07, "these
days, detective skills are key to gauging a stock")  


        


       
"indian regulators and police are trying to unravel how the chairman of satyam
computer services ltd., who has admitted to falsifying corporate figures,
may have managed for years to fool his top financial officer and the company's
audit committee. ... some corporate-governance experts have faulted satyam's
audit committee. some contend it didn't have adequate expertise under u.s.
securities and exchange commission standards and that it appeared to miss clues
of wrongdoing. ... as it is required to do, the committee reviewed satyam's
quarterly and annual financial statements as well as internal controls...."
(wsj, 1/14/09, "satyam probe scrutinizes cfo, audit committee")  those
clues might have become apparent had the bod utilized  financial statement
analysis.  


       
"'the proposed acquisitions have two complicated aspects -- unrelated
diversification, and related party transactions,' said krishna
palepu, a satyam director and a harvard
business school professor of corporate governance who participated in the
meeting by phone conference.... mr. palepu, who also resigned from the board in
december, said ... that he had fulfilled his responsibilities on the board fully
and appropriately." (wsj, 1/16/09, "satyam minutes show directors
raised questions")  did he? 
professor palepu is the co-author of business analysis & valuation
--- using financial statements,
which has long been one our recommended readings.  did he prepare or cause to be prepared an analysis of satyam's financial
statements based upon the techniques set forth in his book? if not, why
not? if so, what did he learn and when did he learn it?



 


       
"groupon inc, the online coupon
company that floated just months ago in the strongest ipo in years, has had
recurring accounting problems that critics say show a need for more financial
sophistication on its board. ... groupon has asked an external auditor to look
into the causes of its internal control weakness and has said it will beef up
its own finance staff. but corporate governance experts questioned the financial
background of the groupon board's audit committee, which is supposed to oversee
both its auditor and the company's own accountants. ... members of the audit
committee declined comment.  groupon
already had been criticized by some analysts and investors for aggressive
accounting before it went public in november. under questioning by the u.s.
securities and exchange commission and accounting experts, groupon changed its
accounting practices twice before the initial public offering. ... 'groupon
needs a new audit committee with much more financial expertise,' said james
post, a management professor at boston university. ... groupon's audit committee
is not lacking business experience. it includes heavy-hitters such as howard
schultz, chief executive of starbucks corp. its audit committee chairman, ted
leonsis, is a former aol executive and chief executive of monumental sports
& entertainment, owner of several professional sports teams. the third
member, kevin efrusy, is an entrepreneur and founder of ironplanet, an
online market for heavy equipment. ceos are a plus for audit committees because
they have the stature to ask tough questions of a company's management and
auditors, corporate governance experts said. but they can be overburdened in the
role of audit committee chairman, one of the most demanding on a corporate
board. heading groupon's audit committee is not leonsis's only board duty. he is
also on the technology committee of alcatel-lucent sa and the boards of
clearspring technologies, american express co, rosetta stone inc, nutrisystem
inc, georgetown university and two charities, according to a bio on monumental's
website. ... groupon's directors, including its audit committee, have been named
as defendants in multiple lawsuits filed against the company since it disclosed
its control weaknesses on march 30. groupon's shares are down by more than a
third from their ipo price of $20....shoring up audit committees was a key goal
of 2002's sarbanes-oxley accounting reform act, passed by congress after
accounting scandals at worldcom and enron. to make audit committees better
financial watchdogs, the act required them to be independent from management and
made clear they had the authority to hire their own accounting advisers.
...originally limited to people with accounting or finance experience, the sec
changed the rules to include chief executives who had supervised finance or
accounting staff. groupon has said leonsis meets the sec's definition of a
financial expert. even so, groupon would benefit from having at least one person
on the audit committee with deeper finance experience, such as an accountant or
chief financial officer, corporate governance experts said." (4/12/12,
reuters, "analysis: groupon accounting problems put spotlight on board
") it is like one who feels he/she is fluent in a foreign language as
he/she can ask the right questions with the right accent, but is utterly unable
to understand the native speaker's response.



 

               
7.    failure
to understand transaction

 

        "a bankruptcy-court examiner
said dynegy inc.'s board breached its
fiduciary duty with an asset reshuffling that benefited billionaire carl icahn
and other shareholders at the expense of creditors. ... the restructuring,
executed before dynegy's subsidiary filed for bankruptcy protection in november,
was a 'fraudulent transfer' that moved 'hundreds of millions of dollars away
from dynegy's creditors in favor of its stockholders,' said the examiner, susheel
kirpalani, in a 173-page report. ... mr. kirpalani said that while some
directors 'did not even understand' that movement of the assets would shield
shareholders at creditors' expense, others did. those included mr. (carl) icahn's board
representatives, vincent intrieri and
samuel merksamer. ... dynegy moved
assets related to coal-powered plants from the subsidiary, dynegy holdings llc,
to the parent in september ahead of the subsidiary's bankruptcy filing. that
left the subsidiary's bondholders that were owed roughly $4 billion without a
claim on those assets. dynegy holdings is dynegy inc.'s main operating arm.
dynegy inc. then put the holding company and related subsidiaries in bankruptcy
court, a move that hurt bondholders [dynegy holdings llc] of without affecting
the parent's shareholders. those shareholders include mr. icahn, with two seats
on the company's board.... in his report, mr. kirpalani said dynegy has several
potential defenses against the 'fraudulent transfer' claims. dynegy's
transfer of the assets was made with an intent to 'hinder and delay—but not
necessarily defraud' the company's creditors, he said. in addition, he
suggested some on the dynegy inc. board weren't aware that complicated
transactions ahead of the holding company's bankruptcy would prove problematic. 
some directors 'did not appreciate that what may be good for dynegy's
ultimate parent, dynegy inc. may not be good for dynegy inc.'s insolvent
subsidiary, dynegy holdings,' mr. kirpalani said. 'in light of the conduct of all
but one of the members of the board of dynegy inc. as of sept. 1, 2011…any
plan that provides for these individuals to continue as directors would not be
consistent with the interests of creditors and with public policy,' mr.
kirpalani said. the movement of the assets capped a series of complicated
maneuvers that rearranged dynegy's corporate structure last summer. ... dynegy's
restructuring efforts began in earnest in april 2011, when the company hired law
firm white & case llp and investment bank lazard ltd. to advise on ways to reduce the company's heavy debt
load. ... in the end, mr. kirpalani said he believed a 'key motivation' behind
moving the coal-fired-plant assets was to lower the value of the holding
company's bonds and force creditors to do a deal because they would fear not
being repaid. the end result took hundreds of millions of dollars from creditors
and sent the value to parent-company shareholders, mr. kirpalani said."
(3/9/12, wsj, "dynegy asset shuffle called 'fraudulent'") the plan was
not too complex for a reasonable intelligent/diligent director to understand ---
isolate and extinguish/diminish the subsidiary's bondholders' claims against
only the subsidiary's current assets, while the parent (and its shareholders)
walked with the subsidiary's former (previously transferred upstream) assets.
what advice did white & case  llp and lazard ltd. provide to the (numb-skull
members of the) bod? what did "one of the members of the board" do
that the trustee recommends his/her retention? how can one intend to hinder and
delay, but not intend to defraud?

       
"dynegy said friday its board had 'fully believed' that dynegy holdings
llc, the subsidiary that held the coal-powered plants that were transferred, was
solvent when it made the transfer. dynegy said the allegation that the transfer
of assets was fraudulent is wrong and that, in fact, the company believed it was
helping reduce the debt of the subsidiary with the transfer and an exchange
offer. the company added that a third-party expert delivered a valuation for the
power-plant assets..." (wsj,
3/19/12, "dynegy disputes examiner's report on
transfer") it would be interesting to learn more about the
"third-party expert," especially whether he/she was supposedly
"independent."
       
"the three directors who oversee risk at jpmorgan
chase & co. include a museum head who sat on american international group inc.'s governance committee in 2008,
the grandson of a billionaire and the chief executive officer of a company that
makes flight controls and work boots. 


what the risk
committee of the biggest u.s. lender lacks, and what the five next largest
competitors have, are directors who worked at a bank or as financial risk
managers. the only member with any wall street experience, james crown, hasn't been employed in the industry for more than 25
years.  ... the bank has been under
siege since ceo jamie dimon said may
10 that the firm's chief investment office suffered a $2 billion loss trading
credit derivatives. he later called it 'a risk 101 mistake.' ... crown, 58, who
is president of chicago-based henry crown
& co. and lead director of defense contractor general dynamics corp., sits on the risk committee with ellen
futter and david cote. futter, 62, is president of the american museum of natural history in new york, and cote, 59, is ceo
of honeywell international inc.  the
committee, which met seven times last year and hasn't changed its composition
since 2008, approves the bank's risk- appetite policy and oversees the chief
risk officer.... jpmorgan, with $1.13 trillion of deposits, is the only one of
the six largest u.s. lenders that doesn't have a former banker, regulator or
finance professor on its risk committee.  ...
futter, a former president of barnard
college in new york, joined the jpmorgan board in 1997. her re-election this
year was opposed by washington-based investor group change
to win and shareholder advocate glass
lewis & co. over her previous experience on the boards of aig and
bristol-myers squibb co.  futter
headed the audit committee of bristol-myers, a new york-based drugmaker, during
an accounting scandal that began in 1999 and that the company settled for $300
million to avoid criminal prosecution. she also served on aig's compliance and
governance committees, resigning in july 2008 before the insurer took a $182.3
billion bailout from the u.s. government. ... futter was criticized in
newspapers and industry publications after she joined aig's board for accepting
a $36.5 million donation for the museum from a charity run by then-ceo maurice
'hank' greenberg.  jpmorgan is a
corporate sponsor of the museum and gave $1.5 million for an exhibit about
water, according to the organization's 2008 annual report. dimon's family
foundation donated $25,000 in 2009, according to tax filings.  ...
the board reviewed the bank's charitable donations and determined that
"none of them create a material relationship" that would impede the
independence or judgment of its directors, according to company disclosures.
futter has received personal loans from jpmorgan, according to the company's
proxy statement, and was awarded $245,000 in cash and stock for her work on the
board last year. the bank didn't disclose the amount of the loans. ... crown,
who heads the risk committee, helps manage his family's privately owned
chicago-based investment firm. his grandfather, henry crown, amassed a fortune
in hotels, railroads and meatpacking and once owned a stake in the empire state
building. ... the younger crown, who worked at bond-trading firm salomon
brothers inc. for five years until 1985, was a member of the search committee
that chose dimon to head bank one corp., acquired by jpmorgan in 2004. dimon and
crown's father, lester, are overseers of the harvard business school club of
chicago. ... crown's risk-management experience comes from his directorships at
general dynamics and sausage maker sara lee corp. and his position at his
family's investment firm, according to bank filings. crown, who was awarded
$300,000 for his board work last year....


cote, who joined
jpmorgan's board in 2007, has been chairman and ceo of morris township, new
jersey-based honeywell since 2002. ... honeywell has received loans and
financial advisory services from jpmorgan, according to securities filings. the
bank said it purchased building safety, security equipment and maintenance
services from honeywell, all of which were considered immaterial. ... 'there's
nothing about their professional track record, nothing about their personal
experience that suggests that they would have known the right questions to ask
the chief risk officer that would have eliminated any of the potential dangers
involved in this trading strategy,' said (richard) clayton (iii), whose group
opposed futter for re-election to the board this year."  (5/24/12,
bloomberg, "jpmorgan gave risk oversight to museum head who sat on aig
board") dumb! dumb! dumb! will anyone be held accountable? no! no! no!
interrelationships that tolerate such mind-numbing incompetence will eventually
doom any business. stay tuned.



        
d.     
"certain
relationships and related transactions"
 
      
directors have their own way of obtaining public
welfare assistance --- they take it from their public shareholders.  many directors erroneously believe that they are immune to the
temptations that are inherent with conflicts of interest and will rationalize
(with the help of expensive legal talent) the supposed propriety of their
acts.   conflicts of interest are still conflicts of interest whether or not they are
disclosed in obscure filings with the sec. 
conflicts
of interest are prevalent in the
corporate world as there is very little, if anything, that shareholders can do
to prevent being represented by conflicted directors.  formal disclosure
only serves to rub salt into shareholders' financial wounds.

 



       
various sec rules require companies to disclose what is euphemistically labeled
"certain relationships and related transactions," i.e., conflicts of
interest.  companies usually require directors to complete a questionnaire
setting forth that information on an annual basis.  sometimes, bods
determine that the information is not "material" and do not publicly reveal
it.   

 



       
"one
issue worth examining: if companies are doing business with directors or their
firms, and how much. an analysis of the 30 companies that make up the dow jones
industrial average, for example, found that at least 22 had such dealings, known
as related-party transactions, with directors or executives last year; another
two said they might, but the dealings didn't meet disclosure thresholds. …
five years ago, only 18 companies reported at least one transaction. …
although companies routinely downplay the importance of these dealings, saying
they don't affect the directors' independent judgment, some experts said they
are not necessarily benign. … traditionally, the concern comes when
transactions occur with directors, with experts worrying that they will
compromise their independent judgment. … for investors, assessing the effect
of these dealings is difficult. they're not in the boardroom to see how
directors interact and when they might be pulling their punches." (chicago
tribune, 8/28/05, "

independence

 and the ties that bind")   "a study ... by independent research firm
 ratefinancials, inc. shows that
nearly 40% of standard & poor's 500 component companies have business
arrangements with parties that have ties to the companies or their
management." (wsj, 12/3/04, "'related-party' deals abound at
companies: firms say arrangements are vetted by their boards; critics express
concern") 

 



       
"irwin russell, (michael) eisner's (then disney ceo and
chairman of the board) personal lawyer … also objected to the new boss (michael
ovitz). nevertheless, as chairman of the compensation committee, he
wound up negotiating the terms of ovitz's employment. … negotiations with
ovitz … went on for six weeks or so.… his employment agreement was still not
complete when the disney compensation committee met on september 26, 1995, to
vote on it.  the meeting lasted an
hour, and the full board met after that. … they also spent some time
discussing and finally agreeing to pay committee chairman  irwin russell a
$250,000 fee for negotiating the contract." (corporate board member,
november/december 2004, "the ghost of michael ovitz still haunts the disney
board")  wait one cotton-picking
minute!  russell is eisner's
personal attorney and eisner wants to hire ovitz. 
russell is the chairman of the compensation committee. 
russell is paid a director's fees to chair the committee. 
russell is hired to negotiate with ovitz. 
russell is paid $250,000 for 6 weeks of work. 
(it would be interesting to review the legal representation agreement
with russell, learn the date when it was signed, observe the associated billing
time slips and research comparable rates of other attorneys in the los angeles

 area.)  russell, the negotiator,
presented a proposed "not complete" contract to russell, chairman of
the committee.  the committee
approved contract and, thus, the negotiation work of russell, and recommended it
to the full bod for approval.  the
bod, on which both russell and eisner sat, approved the "not complete"
contract and the fee payment of $250,000 to russell. 
how many masters can one director serve? 
lack of true independence comes with a price --- usually paid by
shareholders!  "when asked about a potential conflict of interest in
having mr. eisner's personal lawyer, irwin russell, negotiate mr. ovitz's
contract and then later negotiate mr. eisner's contract,  mr. (george)
 mitchell
said there was no need because mr. russell was trustworthy." (nyt,
11/24/04, "chairman tells of shared
authority on ovitz")  club fed is
populated with those who were once considered "trustworthy."
       
"the securities and exchange commission reached a settlement with the walt
disney company yesterday over the company's failure to disclose fully its
relationships with board members.... the order cited instances of relatives of
four directors working for disney,
with shareholders not being told.  for example, the wife of a director, john
bryson, started to work in 1999 for a company in which disney had a 50
percent interest, at a salary of more than $1 million.  her husband joined
the disney board in 2000 as an independent director....  [t]he children of
three directors - reveta bowers, stanley p. gold and raymond l.
watson - all worked at disney, earning salaries that ranged from slightly
more than $60,000 a year to more than $150,000. ... disney paid air shamrock, an
airline owned by roy e. disney, for mr. disney's travel while he was vice
chairman of the board and an officer."  (nyt, 12/21/04, "disney
settles s.e.c. complaint on directors")   was gold's kid not
allowed to work for shamrock as shamrock had rules concerning nepotism? 
was it not safe for disney to travel via public carrier?  not to
worry.  there is always a seemingly rational explanation when directors
(and their families) pig out at the corporate golden trough.  on the other
hand, eisner would probably see no problem by benefiting his directors
with disney's money.

 



       
"board members and senior executives of marsh & mclennan,
the giant insurance broker that has been accused of cheating customers, put
millions of dollars into a partnership that profited by buying companies from
marsh and investing in companies that work with marsh. … [i]t is unusual for a
company's directors, who represent the interests of shareholders, to invest in
company-managed private funds alongside the executives they are supposed to
supervise. … experts on corporate governance have complained that marsh's
board … is extremely weak and has not taken leadership as the insurance
broker's legal problems worsen. … marsh & mclennan … has not disclosed
which outside directors invested in it, or how much money they put up. … marsh
has also not disclosed the fund's returns or its costs. … the disclosures
about trident may only add to a perception that marsh, which advertises itself
as a trusted adviser for insurance buyers and mutual fund investors, has had
conflicts. …  in an october 1999
partnership agreement, it said that trident and marsh might have both potential
and actual conflicts. … the potential conflicts of interest fell into several
categories. because they had personal stakes in trident and received fees for
its success, marsh executives stood to profit by providing low estimates or
otherwise understating matters if trident bought companies from marsh. 
in essence, the executives would be selling marsh's property to
themselves.  in addition, marsh
itself might be able to make money on its trident stake at the expense of its
clients by encouraging those clients to buy insurance from companies in which
trident had invested. …  despite
the concerns about possible conflicts, trident and marsh conducted several deals
together."  (nyt, 10/21/04,
"broker's directors used partnerships for private profits")

 



       
"sleazy deals ... --- krispy kreme, what happened!? ... a more
troubling transaction is the 2003 deal in which the chain bought back six stores
... that were partly owned by krispy kreme's former chairman and current
director,  joseph mcaleer.  it paid a total of $67 million, or $11 million
per store --- which is more than three times what it paid for many other
shops."  (fortune, 11/1/04, "krispy kreme is in the hole ---
again")

 



        "the
best buy company said yesterday that a director,  mark c. thompson,
resigned from its board on may 4, citing a conflict of interest. 
mr. thompson had a personal-service agreement with  ernst & young, the
company's auditor, during part of the time he served as a director….  mr. thompson, a former senior vice president of the charles
schwab corporation, served on the audit committee of best buy's board
from march 2000 to august 2003.  he
was paid $377,500 by ernst & young from december 2000 to april 2004…. mr.
thompson did not disclose his work for ernst & young until the day he
resigned, according to best buy's report." 
(bloomberg news, 5/15/04, "best buy director quits") 
is this beyond dumb?  at the
least, best buy should take legal action for the return of all accounting fees
paid to ernst & young  and director fees paid to thompson during the relevant
period. were the directors ever asked to complete
a questionnaire that should have revealed such a blatant conflict of interest? 
"[t]hompson, was
sitting on the boards of the three companies (korn/ferry international, best buy
co., teletech holdings inc.) while working (consulting) for ernst & young.
… mr. thompson was one of four outside directors comprising korn/ferry's
nominating and governance committee when he decided against standing for board
re-election last fall. … korn/ferry separately paid a firm chaired by mr.
thompson, network public broadcast international, saratoga, calif., $234,000
between late 2000 and mid-2002….  before
this week, korn/ferry hadn't publicly disclosed the payments received by mr.
thompson, who joined its board in 2000, on the grounds they weren't material.
…  'we didn't know anything' about
ernst's payments to mr. thompson's firm until best buy's filing last month, he
(don spetner, korn/ferry senior vice president) added." 
(wsj, 6/8/04, "ernst & young faces informal sec inquiry of
consultant's pay")  was thompson an honor student at the lay & ebbers school
of ethics?  of course, none of the
payments had any "material" impact on anyone's decision-making
process.  also, the disclosures did
not have a "material" impact on thompson's decisions not to run for
re-election to the three bods.  we will next be told that there's some choice oceanfront
property still available for sale in arizona.



       
"ernst & young llp agreed to pay $2.8 million to settle
securities and exchange commission allegations that it compromised its
independence by engaging in separate business dealings with a director of three
of its client companies. the new york-based accounting firm was also censured.
it settled the sec's administrative proceeding without admitting or denying the
allegations. the sec said ernst & young paid $377,500 between october 2002
and may 2004 to mark c. thompson for hosting interviews with business leaders
that were packaged into cds and audio books. at the time, mr. thompson was
serving on the boards of three companies that were e&y clients and voted to
retain e&y as the companies' auditor, according to the sec. mr. thompson
also sat on one company's audit committee, which is responsible for hiring,
firing and overseeing outside auditors. ... e&y spokesman ... said in a
statement that the firm has revised its independence policies and procedures.
... mr. thompson, without admitting or denying the sec's claims, agreed to
return $123,917 of his directors' fees, including interest...."
(8/7/08, wsj, "e&y settles sec case in $2.8 million pact") 
what about the $377,500 that e&y paid him? 
suspension of ethics pays?  well,
perhaps, thompson had a few attorneys fees. 
what policy changes did e&y make? 





       
"two
trustees for one of the world's largest retirement systems, tiaa-cref,
have resigned over their relationship with a business venture they formed with
tiaa-cref's independent auditor ernst & young.… the two trustees, professor steven a. ross
of the college retirement equities fund (cref) and william h. waltrip of
the teachers insurance and annuity association of america (tiaa), resigned from
their respective boards effective nov. 30, 2004. 
in august of 2003 ernst entered into an agreement with a company owned by
the two trustees, among others, and a majority of which was owned by ross. 
the venture was created to develop intellectual property and other
services to value corporate stock options." 
(cbs marketwatch, 12/4/04, "two tiaa-cref trustees
resign")  are we seeing a pattern with ernst? 
perhaps,
ethics 101 should have been a required course.  "the saga marks
another embarrassment for ernst....  in april, the sec suspected the big
four accounting firm ... because of a 1990s business venture with audit client
peoplesoft inc. ...  tiaa-cref said neither mr. ross nor mr. waldrip disclosed
their ernst relationship on their officer-and-trustee questionnaires for 2003 or
2004, which contained questions about whether either had an affiliation with
ernst.  mr. ross, a finance professor at massachusetts institute of
technology and a director at freddie mac, and mr. waldrip, a former chairman and
ceo of bausch & lomb inc., didn't return phone calls."  (wsj,
12/6/04, "tiaa-cref faces question on governance")  were there
other required disclosures by the dynamic duo that were not made elsewhere?

 



         


directors' financial
interests may be extremely complex and not easily determined from publicly
available reports filed with the sec.


        in 2001,
 christopher j. pappas and  harris j. pappas (collectively "pappas")
became directors, substantial shareholders, subordinated lenders and the ceo, coo and
president of luby's, while they continued to own and operate their own
restaurants ("pappas-affiliates"), a privately-held organization.  ernest pekmezaris ("pekmezaris") was the chief financial
officer ("cfo") of pappas-affiliates and became the cfo of luby's.


       
luby's
entered into the affiliate services agreement ("agreement") with the
pappas-affiliates.  peter tropoli
("tropoli"), senior vice president-administration, signed the agreement on
behalf of luby's.  frank
markantonis ("markantonis"), who later became a director of luby's,
represented the pappas-entities in that transaction. 
luby's disclosed, "peter a. tropoli, the senior vice
president-administration of the company, is an attorney who, from time to time,
has provided litigation services to entities controlled by christopher j. pappas
and harris j. pappas.  mr. tropoli
is the stepson of frank markantonis, a director of the company," and that
markantonis's "principal client is pappas restaurants, inc." 
a search of the internet revealed that, on march 19, 2001, the houston
business journal reported that both tropoli and markantonis were jointly
representing the pappas-entities in the same disputed contested matter. 
state of texas bar records showed that both tropoli and markantonis
shared the same address and telephone number. 
another internet website indicated the both pappases, pekmezaris and
tropoli contributed at least $5,000 each to the same political candidate.


       
the
finance and audit committee of luby's was to "review" the agreement and
related dealings.  director  ronald
k. calgaard ("calgaard") was the chairman of the finance and audit
committee.  he also was employed by
and a director of  austin calvert & flavin, inc., which received compensation
for providing investment services to luby's. 
pekmezaris, as cfo of luby's, selected the provider and reviewed the
quality of those investment advisory services.


       
thus,
luby's created obvious conflicts of interests: (1) pappas-affiliates, owned by
directors pappas, had financial dealings with luby's; and, (2) a pattern of
circular supervision was created, i.e., under the advisory agreement, pekmexaris,
cfo of both luby's and pappas-affiliates, reviewed the acts of the employer of
the chairman of the audit committee, and, under the agreement, the chairman of
the audit committee "reviewed" pekmexaris's acts as cfo of luby's.


       
the
committee extensively complained to both luby's and its external auditors, ernst
& young, as to the relationships and extent of related public disclosures. 
calgaard has since resigned his directorship from luby's.


       
some of the committee's yahoo! message board posts,
e.g., "would caesar's wife blush?," "who's watching the
store?," "torn between two lubers," "freudian
slippage," "good enough for mickey mouse," might be of interest. 

 



       
 "fog
cutter capital group on friday gave andrew wiederhorn, its
prison-bound chief executive officer, a deal perhaps unprecedented in the
post-enron era of corporate reform: a continued position atop the company's
organization chart with full salary even as he spends 18 months in federal
prison.  wiederhorn
also received a $2 million 'leave of absence' payment…. the new compensation
package, including the payment and annual salary of $350,000, amounts to $4,611
a day of wiederhorn's confinement before time reduced for good behavior. 
the $2 million leave of absence payment also matches exactly the sum
wiederhorn agreed thursday to pay in restitution to victims of the capital
consultants scam.  wiederhorn also
remains eligible for an annual bonus. wiederhorn pleaded guilty to two felony
counts in u.s. district court after the investigation into the collapse of
portland money manager capital consultants. … the moves were approved by the
company's six-member board of directors, which includes wiederhorn and several
directors with close ties to him. …  corporate
boards are put in place primarily to watch out for shareholders' interests. …
wiederhorn, his wife and close associates own or control nearly 60 percent of
fog cutter's stock.  institutional
investors in the company include charles schwab, deutsche bank and axa rosenberg
investment management. … wiederhorn admitted to filing a false tax return and
paying an illegal gratuity to jeffrey grayson, former ceo of capital
consultants. grayson's firm was a major lender to wilshire credit corp., one of
several companies then controlled by wiederhorn…. 
capital consultants, which managed union pension money, collapsed in
september 2000, costing its clients about $350 million. the largest of capital
consultants' failed loans was $160 million to wilshire credit. … the claims
against wiederhorn did not involve fog cutter…." 
(oregonian, 6/5/04, "ceo heads to prison with full pay,
bonus")  perhaps, in
determining the fairness of the arrangement, shareholders should consider the
new set of business/financial skills that wiederhorn will be able to develop
while in prison.  another bonus to
shareholders will be his enhanced networking opportunities. 
as the business roundtable strives to protect the directors at the top 100 so-called
"squeaky-clean" companies, it should consider the lack of accountability of
directors at the other 13,900 companies.


       
"andrew wiederhorn spent more than a year in prison after pleading guilty
to two felonies related to a financial scandal. he recently returned to his 

portland
, 
ore.

, mansion, his wife, six children and the helm of his investment company (fog
cutter capital group inc.).  now he's waging a war over something he didn't
get back -- his membership in the prestigious multnomah athletic club. … in
the late 1990s ... mr. wiederhorn couldn't pay back $160 million borrowed from a
pension-fund money manager called capital consultants. as it turns out, the
government says capital was a fraud. it seized the firm, but not before capital
had lost $350 million belonging to investors, including union pension funds. ...
mr. wiederhorn continued to prosper. he started fog cutter capital…. after a
five-year investigation into the collapse of capital consultants, mr. wiederhorn
pleaded guilty to filing a false tax return and for paying the head of capital
an 'illegal gratuity.' (wilshire forgave capital's chief $3.4 million in
personal loan guarantees, violating a federal law that bars giving 'anything of
value' to a pension-fund adviser.) mr. wiederhorn calls these violations
technical and says he was just following the advice of lawyers and
accountants."  (wsj, 5/22/06,
"how not to curry favor with a club: say it's full of crooks")
 




       

"federal
authorities have been investigating andrew wiederhorn, chief executive of the
company that owns the fatburger … as part of an inquiry into allegations of
securities and wire fraud, money laundering and attempted tax evasion…. from
october 2017 — the date of fat brands' initial public offering — to
may 2019, about $5 million from the company or its subsidiaries went to cover
various wiederhorn credit card balances…." (lat, 2/19/22, "feds probe accusations against family behind fatburger") where
were the auditors? where was the bod? were they out chewing the fat at some
greasy-spoon-burger stand? 





 




       
"[e]ven those companies disclosing family ties aren't uniformly giving
investors information about those ties, sometimes opting to hold back exact
compensation figures or even names. … walgreen listed nine employees
related to board members or executives in the drugstore chain's 2005 proxy. …
walgreen didn't say how long these relatives have been on the payroll, and its
2004 proxy contains no such disclosure. it didn't name the relatives or give the
titles of their executive relations, either. … citigroup's 2004 proxy
disclosed for the first time that it employed several relatives of executives
and directors. the financial-services company didn't say whether the relatives
had worked for citigroup prior to 2003. but a wall street journal article at the
time pointed out that six employees related to chief executive charles prince or
other executives or directors were each paid more than $200,000." 
(wsj, 12/13/05, "disclosing the family ties that bind")



 




       
"when marsh (supermarkets
inc.) … hired merrill lynch & co. to explore a sale….   [a]
dozen interviews and a review of marsh's regulatory filings suggest another
problem: at least three of the seven ostensibly 'independent' members of the
10-person board had financial or family ties that might have made them reluctant
to challenge chairman and ceo don marsh on important decisions. 
for example, the chairman of the compensation committee is restaurateur 
stephen m. huse, whose daughter kimberly is married to don's son, company
executive arthur marsh. the company does not mention the relationship between
huse and the marsh family in proxy statements or other regulatory filings.  the
other two members of the compensation committee ---  j. michael blakley, ceo of
indianapolis building contractor the blakley corp.; and  james k. risk iii, ceo
of lafayette electrical equipment distributor kirby risk corp.--collectively
received nearly $2 million in business from the company over the past five
years. corporate governance experts look askance at doling out lucrative
business to board members, saying it can lead them to acquiesce to decisions
they otherwise might question. …nasdaq adopted rules in november 2003 designed
to curtail boardroom cronyism. the rules don't permit family members to sit on
compensation committees, though they don't define whether that includes people
who aren't direct relatives, such as huse. … the proxy statement shows don
marsh is far from the only marsh family member taking home a substantial
paycheck. don's son david, the company president, received $477,000 in salary
and bonus last year. in addition, seven others who are marshes or married to
marshes collectively earned $1.6 million last year, the proxy statement shows.
for example, former spokeswoman jodi marsh, who is in the process of divorcing
david marsh, earned $163,077." 
(ibj, 2/4/06, "the ties that bind?")


 




       
"five of the seven directors are listed in the company's proxy statement
under the heading of having 'certain relationships and related transactions'
with image (entertainment inc.), even though those five are also billed as
'independent directors,' or those without other ties to the company. …
determining whether a director is independent is a subject of debate. some
boards have argued that having directors with some ties to the business is a
good thing, because it ensures these directors truly understand the company
whose board they sit on. governance watchdogs say such ties are conflicts that
cloud the ability of directors to give impartial counsel." (wsj, 9/6/06,
"determining board independence

 debate heats up about outside directors' ties to image entertainment") 
who decides the meaning of the word "some"?  further, if
"some ties" is "a good thing," many more ties must be
better.  reductio ad absurdum! 



 




       
"should lawyers serve on corporate boards? the practice has declined in
recent years as scrutiny of board members has increased and law firms have grown
wary of potential liability. but some firms permit the practice, which can have
client-development benefits. recently, the issue has come to a head in a matter
involving topps co., a 

new york

 producer of trading cards, collectibles and candy. jack
nusbaum is a topps director and the chairman of the company's main outside
law firm, willkie farr & gallagher
llp. he has been criticized in public letters by another board member about the
dual roles. the protesting board member, arnaud
ajdler, is a managing director of an investment firm that is a large
shareholder in the company. the firm opposes a takeover offer of topps from a
buyout group. mr. nusbaum supports the deal. in public documents, mr. ajdler has
said willkie farr stands to make more than $2 million in legal fees from a deal."
 (wsj, 6/13/07, "dual role of
topps director revives old conflict debate") 
details of the "legal fees" agreement might be interesting, e.g., a contingency fee based upon the dealing closing, which would be a real
conflict on interest.


 




       
"during fiscal 2008, the compensation committee determined that maintaining
a lease on a private airplane was no longer a cost-effective method for
providing business-related transportation to our named executive officers and
directors. the airplane was used only for business-related travel, and personal
use was not permitted. with the termination of the lease on the airplane, it
also became increasingly difficult and cost prohibitive to access our canadian
fish camp. consequently, the fish camp, which was only used for business
entertainment purposes, was offered for sale during 2008. the only offer to
purchase the fish camp came from terry l.
haines, our former chief executive officer and president. ultimately we
negotiated with mr. haines to sell the fish camp for a purchase price of $55,000
and the transaction closed during fiscal year 2009." 
 proxy statement, a. schulman
inc. filed 11/24/08.  bod gone fishin'?





 


       
e.      lame excuses

 



       
ira milstein, a 76-year-old attorney who is well known within corporate
governance circles, has criticized the ability and tendency of ceos to control
the flow of corporate information that reaches boards of directors. 
"'think of how unreasonable it is that the ceo can decide today what goes
to the board,' he said."  (reuters, 7/13/03, "ceo pay,
courts now hottest button")  the unspoken assumptions are: (1) members
of boards of directors do not have the intelligence to recognize that they may
be making decisions based upon insufficient and/or inaccurate information; (2) intimidated by ceos, they are reckless in exercising their fiduciary
duties; (3) they are too timid to complain about the situation to the ceo and fellow
directors; and/or (4) if their complaints go unheeded, they are unable resign and request
that their written complaints be published in the company's next proxy
statement.  the
responsibility to be informed and to take appropriate action lies with the directors.


       
"the new york attorney general ... (is making efforts) to determine whether
mr. (j. ezra) merkin had defrauded universities and charities when
he invested their money with mr. madoff.... many of the institutions are now
suing mr. merkin, claiming that they lost millions of dollars when he had
invested money with mr. madoff without telling them. ... [m]r. merkin collected
over $40 million a year in fees from them to support his lavish lifestyle. ... [v]ictims
include yeshiva university, where mr. merkin was a trustee. ... when yeshiva
university expressed concerns over possible conflicts about investing with mr.
merkin since he was a trustee, ira m. millstein, the respected corporate
governance lawyer, blessed the relationship so long as it was disclosed."
nyt, 1/16/09, "inquiry started of financier who invested with
madoff")  this gives new meaning to the word "it." 
which part of the "relationship" did milstein "bless"? 
how about full disclosure?

 

       
(nyse chairman john) "reed ... has his own embarrassment to deal with. ...
[h]e got the webb report [internal report relating to grasso's compensation] and
declined to release it.  the only reason that he has hinted at has been
lame:  there are things in there that might embarrass certain
people."  (fortune, 2/9/04, nyse dick grasso's pay: the sequel")

 



       
“regulators preparing a lawsuit against richard a. grasso, the former
chairman of the new york stock exchange, may question the validity of the board
vote that gave him the right to a $139.5 million payout, according to lawyers
who have been briefed on the investigation. 
…  at issue is a
contentious board meeting on aug. 7, when directors took up the issue of mr.
grasso's compensation even though it had been added to the agenda only that
morning.  … despite the absence of
several board members well versed in the details of mr. grasso's pay package and
the absence of the exchange's compensation consultants, board members voted to
give him the right to withdraw $139.5 million in pension and deferred salary
payments before retiring. prosecutors are also examining whether mr. grasso or
others close to him may have manipulated the decision-making process so that his
package appeared on the meeting's agenda at the last minute, said a lawyer in
mr. spitzer's office who has been briefed on the investigation. … 
[t]hey are questioning whether the exchange's corporate bylaws may have
been violated by the compensation committee's decision on the morning of aug. 7
to put the question of mr. grasso's pay on the agenda for the full board meeting
later that day.  … [d]irectors who
attended the meeting said that they had no advance warning that the question of
whether mr. grasso should receive $139.5 million would be up for discussion. 
… prosecutors are now expected to contend that the late addition to the
agenda left directors inadequately prepared to debate a matter with such deep
financial, legal and operational ramifications for the exchange. 
moreover, three directors with the expertise to raise questions
pertaining to the complex financial details were not in attendance. according to
public minutes, two new members of the compensation committee, laurence d.
fink, the chief executive of blackrock inc., and herbert m. allison jr.,
the chief executive of tiaa-cref, were not present. 
also, henry m. paulson jr., the chief executive of goldman sachs,
who had just stepped down from the compensation committee, was on vacation in
south america at the time; he had vigorously opposed the principle of paying
such a sum while mr. grasso remained in office.  because the contract was not on the agenda, the independent
consultants hired by the exchange to help board members understand the more
arcane aspects of mr. grasso's deal were also not in the room that day,
according to executives who attended. … the end result was a meeting that was
dominated by directors who supported mr. grasso's right to take out his
money.… and while it remains unclear whether such a legal strategy would be
successful in court, it does underscore the extent to which the board at large
was kept in the dark about mr. grasso's pay, raising the question as to whether
the vote it took was valid."  (nyt,
3/26/04, "regulators may challenge votes that approved grasso's pay") 
wait a new york minute!  did
the so-called "independent" directors who attended the meeting complain about the lack
of adequate notice and seek to have the subject continued to a future meeting? 
when the absent directors returned from their vacations and were
recuperating at their respective country clubs, did they not read their copy of
the meeting minutes?  did they talk
with one another about being sandbagged?  did
they raise the issue at another bod meeting by asking that the prior vote be
rescinded and the matter be reconsidered?  grasso
may now argue that any silence "ratified" the prior acts of the bod. 
"richard a. grasso … is making his case loud and clear:  mr.
grasso's compensation was approved by an all-star board of wall street and
corporate chief executives." (nyt, 5/23/04, "there, in grasso's
corner, is that oliver north?")

 

       
"he (michael eisner) discourages directors' getting to know one another
outside of board meetings, the better to remain the sole source of information
for each." (lat, 2/16/04, "are disney's directors only eisner's
puppets")  what did eisner do?  did eisner forbid directors from
communicating with one another?  if so, did they wonder about eisner?

 



       
"the mortgage-finance giant (fannie mae) ousted mr. (franklin d.)
 raines in
the wake of regulatory findings that it broke accounting rules. ... raines has
argued that he acted in good faith to certify fannie's accounts. ... mr. raines
is a director of pepsico... mr. raines also stepped down from pepsi's audit
committee, which he previously chaired."  (wsj, 1/28/05, "ex-ceo
of fannie will vacate seats on two boards")  when serving as chairman
of the audit committee at pepsico, raines was probably lauded as a financial maven. 
however, when potential liability arises from his financial chores at fannie
mae, he will probably argue that he reasonably relied upon some poor schlep in
fannie's accounting department.

 



       
"raytheon directors punished the chief executive, william h.
swanson, by taking away almost $1 million from his 2006 compensation
yesterday because he failed to give credit for material that was in a management
book he wrote. … the punishment also comes as raytheon has stopped circulating
the book, 'swanson's unwritten rules of management,' a folksy book that turned
mr. swanson into a management sage and earned him praise from business
leaders… but many of the rules were later found to have been taken from a 1944
engineering classic, 'the unwritten laws of engineering,' written by w. j. king,
an engineering professor at the 
university
 of 
california, los angeles. of mr. swanson's 33 rules, 17 were in the 1944 book, often word for word.  in
addition, the boston herald reported yesterday on its web site that mr. swanson
had lifted four rules — 1 through 4 — from a list of maxims collected by
defense secretary donald h. rumsfeld and published in the wall street journal in
2001 as rumsfeld's rules. the first rule in both mr. swanson's and mr.
rumsfeld's list is the same: 'learn to say "i don't know." if used
when appropriate, it will be used often.' … a statement issued by warren
b. rudman, raytheon's departing lead director, and michael
c. ruettgers, the company's incoming lead director, said the raytheon board
… 'takes this matter very seriously' … and said the board had 'full
confidence' in him. … in an interview yesterday, mr. rudman said 'the board
decided, and i think properly, that there is a great difference between an unintentional
error, in which you have simple negligence, and an intentional act that
breaches sound ethical conduct.' 'based on the evidence, we decided that this
was unintentional and not negligent. it was just poor judgment.' …
on tuesday night, raytheon issued a statement on mr. swanson's behalf that said
the source for his book came from material he had collected over the years and
had given to a member of his staff to prepare a presentation that he was to give
to raytheon engineers.  "bill knew
that some of the material was from the things he had read and collected over the
years," the raytheon statement said. … at the annual meeting yesterday,
mr. swanson issued another mea culpa. bloomberg news said he told shareholders:
'i did not properly check source material. i apologize to those whose
material i wish i had treated with greater care.'" 
(nyt, 5/4/06, "chief's pay is docked by raytheon") 
this may be an all time low in excuses issued by bods, which says more
about the quality of directors than ceos.  it
is obvious that the ceo is a plagiarist.  to
simultaneous label the ceo’s admittedly intentional acts as "unintentional
error," i.e., "negligence," and " unintentional and not
negligence" makes one wonder what the bod was smoking or thought
shareholders were smoking.  now,
shareholders should know what kind of ethical standards are required to earn the
big bucks.  if a bod and ceo will
blow such smoke on ethical issues, what are they capable of doing on accounting
or governance issues?

 



       
"the chairman of citigroup's audit and risk
committee, c. michael armstrong, who
has overseen more than $22 billion in write-offs, is poised to resign from that
post under pressure from shareholders....  mr.
armstrong, the former chairman and chief executive of at&t, has been a
citigroup director since 1989 and is a longtime friend of sanford i. weill, the
bank's former chairman. he has served on the audit and risk committee for 14
years, and has been chairman since 2004. it is not clear who will succeed him.
citigroup's board has begun a broader search for at least three other directors,
zeroing in on those with 'expertise in finance and investments.'  none
of citigroup's 10 independent directors have extensive wall street résumés,
and only one added recently was a former finance chief. ... citigroup's risk
management practices have come under intense scrutiny, and shareholder groups,
led by the a.f.l.-c.i.o.,
have lobbied board representatives for mr. armstrong's removal from the
audit committee panel.... mr. armstrong was not departing from either
citigroup's audit and risk committee or the board.  ...
mr. armstrong has overseen the audit and risk committee as citigroup expanded
its loan book at an astonishing pace. it piled into complex securities, like
collateralized debt obligations, and ramped up production of home loans. ... in
meetings with shareholder representative, mr. armstrong said that committee
members sensed something was wrong....  but he acknowledged that they did not
ask the right questions about its capital markets exposure." (wsj, 4/8/08,
"citigroup director expected to quit key committee") 
what did the bod sense was wrong?  through
the legal concept of "constructive knowledge," one is deemed to know
what he/she would have learned had he/she conducted a reasonable investigation
of what he/she suspected.  what
questions did the bod ask, of whom and when? 
armstrong served 14 years on the audit and risk committee. 
presumably, he learned something about citigroup and its products and
associated risks in that time.  shareholder
lobbying efforts at citigroup seem to be somewhat ineffective.
 


 




        "in his first annual meeting at merrill
lynch & co., john thain
defended directors from the '20/20 hindsight' of shareholders who blame them for
the wall street brokerage's mortgage-related losses. ... [m]errill struggles to
understand the 'downside' of complex financial instruments. 
audit-committee head ann reese, former chief financial officer at itt corp., rose from
her seat to reply to a shareholder who suggested directors deserve some of the
blame for merrill's woes.  she said
the board 'challenged the exposure' merrill had to mortgage securities. ms.
reese said merrill's stake in cdos wasn't elevated to the board's attention
until 'late in the process.'  ms.
reese's remarks were a rare time for shareholders to hear a nonexecutive
director at a wall street firm defend performance." (wsj, 4/25/08,
"thain defends merrill board on credit crisis") 
what criteria was in place to determine whether an issue should have been
"elevated" to the bod?  how and when was the exposure
"elevated"?  when/how did
the bod "challenge the exposure"?  what
were the results of the "challenge"?  what
assurance is there that similar exposure will not reoccur?



 




       
"(james a.) johnson also
was associated with an executive compensation controversy at united
healthcare, where he served on the board. the insurer's chief executive, william
mcguire, resigned after it was reported that he had been granted more than
$1.4 billion in stock options. some of that money was returned as a result of
legal settlements, but mcguire still left with more than $800 million. karl
cambronne, a minnesota

 lawyer for shareholders suing for the return of some of those funds, slammed
johnson this week in an interview, saying johnson received at least $9 million
in profit from options he cashed while serving on the board. 
'jim johnson served on both the compensation and audit committees at
various times. . . . it is difficult to fathom how someone who was paid as much
as he was as a board member didn't take more proactive steps' to prevent
improper compensation practices, cambronne said. 
nell minow, co-founder of the corporate
library and a shareholder advocate, acknowledged that johnson sat on boards
where excessive compensation was authorized. but in the case of united
healthcare, she said, johnson -- once he grasped the problem -- acted
aggressively to resolve it. 'even though i don't agree with everything he has
done, i do respect the way he responded to those cases where there were
problems. he did show real responsiveness,' minow said." (lat, 6/12/08,
"obama advisor jim johnson resigns amid criticism") 
hello! what was the "problem" that johnson later
"grasped" --- super mega obscene depletion of shareholder assets in
favor of mcguire?  how long did it
take johnson to grasp the problem?  about one second? 
did it occur after an expression of public outrage? 
what did johnson do to act "aggressively"?  resign after public
exposure of his lack of diligence?  a
corporate litigator should realize mcguire probably had a hand in setting
johnson's board member pay.  thus,
johnson was "proactive" by granting mcguire $1.4 in stock options.
 hmmm!


 

       
academia chimes in to assure shareholders and others that the current system of
corporate governance "generally works well." in "corporate
governance after the financial crisis," professor stephen bainbridge
neglects to mention for whom it "generally works well" or measurement
criteria. the committee responded to the
academic's statements.


 


       

f.        lame ideas


 



        "(ira)
 millstein cited the 2003-2004 public company governance survey by the
national association of corporate directors … 'you have the situation where they're
(directors) not doing what
they're supposed to be doing, but they know what they're supposed to be doing,
so hopefully it will improve,' millstein said." 
(accountingweb.com, 2/24/04, "corporate boards need to do more to
reform")  directors are knowingly not doing what they are supposed to be
doing and shareholders should be "hopeful"? 
directors, who knowingly are not doing for shareholders what they are
supposed to be doing, are breaching their fiduciary duties and should be removed
from office.

 



        "paul w. macavoy and ira m. millstein, the authors of
'the recurrent
crisis in corporate governance' … answer decisively…. urging a single
reform: ‘nothing short of separating the roles of board leadership and
management leadership will suffice. … [t]he authors think it's the right
medicine. … [t]he authors suggest that boards move to split the chairman and
ceo jobs only as the old guard retires. …. if too few companies adopt
the change, the authors say, it can be made mandatory. this carries diplomacy
too far, however. you can campaign for a cause or for a compromise, but not
really for both."  (wsj,
2/18/04, book review)  "an
influential proxy-advisory service, institutional shareholder services … has
recommended withholding support for eisner, citing the company’s unwillingness
to divide the duties of chairman and chief executive. … george mitchell …
said the  disney board had relied on the advice of its corporate-governance
adviser, new york attorney ira millstein, in deciding that any division
of the roles should come later, when the company is ready to hire another
chief executive." (wsj.com, 2/24/04, "disney officials defend corporate
governance")  one could reasonably wonder
whether disney employed millstein's services knowing, from his publicly
expressed philosophy of corporate governance, it would obtain the exact
opinion it wanted to hear. 

millstein's position is reminiscent of the question asked by a lawyer, a
self-proclaimed patriot and a delegate to the second continental congress in
1775, whose law firm earned substantial fees by representing english commercial
interests in the colonies.  he
asked, "can't we just put this whole thing off until king george leaves
office?"  (see, lame
excuses, above.)

 



       
directors
do not recognize the truism that those who hire advisors with conflicts of
interest do not receive independent advice.  "if the drama
unfolding around the walt disney company were a movie, you might call it 'six
degrees of martin lipton.' … [w]hen the comcast corporation made its
$54 billion hostile offer for disney, mr. eisner knew just whom to call - that's
right, mr. lipton. after all, the bid was as much a takeover offer as it was a
referendum on mr. eisner's management.  there is just one small problem. 
mr. lipton … was hired by mr. eisner to advise disney's board - whose job it
was to consider firing him.  and guess who hasn't lost his job yet?
…  indeed, if there was any dissension on disney's board about the fate
of mr. eisner before mr. lipton arrived on the scene, there is none now. …
after mr. lipton's arrival, several independent disney directors raised the
issue of whether they should be seeking out their own lawyers and bankers to
help evaluate the situation separately from mr. eisner and management. 
naturally, the idea was summarily rejected, according to executives close to the
board.  the board's other advisers were hardly independent, either: alan
d. schwartz, president and co-chief executive of bear stearns, is a close
friend and longtime adviser to mr. eisner.  gene t. sykes, a
managing director of goldman sachs, has similarly had a long relationship with
mr. eisner, as has morton a. pierce, a partner in dewey ballantine, the
company's regular outside counsel. … in his latest role, mr. lipton is working
against one of his biggest former clients:  c. michael armstrong, who used to run
at&t but is currently chairman of comcast." (nyt,
4/18/04, "disney's lawyer, mouseketeer's friend")  there may be a modus
operandi here.  martin lipton was previously criticized for
representing the nyse and while offering legal advice to richard grasso. 
see,  directors have been asleep at the wheel. 
"the
lawsuit … contends … mr. grasso cultivated close personal relationships with
wall street power brokers like martin lipton, the well-known mergers and
acquisitions lawyer at wachtell lipton rosen & katz. 
… mr. ashen offered detailed new evidence intended to show how mr.
lipton was offering advice to mr. grasso with regard to many aspects of his pay
package, including how to deal with the reverberations of disclosing such a
large payout.  mr.
lipton at the time was chairman of the exchange's advisory committee and was
also advising the big board on its governance practices. 
a friend of mr. langone, mr. lipton — along with mr. langone and mr.
grasso — served on the board of new york university, where he is chairman. 
throughout 2003, mr. lipton offered strategic advice to mr. grasso with
regard to his package, going so far as to counsel him against forgoing the
additional $48 million he was owed, according to former directors. … in an
e-mail message that he wrote in september … mr. lipton said: '[a]s a friend, i
did advise dick with respect to his taking his accumulated benefits and the
related public disclosure.'"  (nyt,
5/25/04, "suit seeks return of $100 million given to grasso") 
why was lipton not
named as a defendant?  will the nyse
seek return of any compensation paid to him or his law firm? 
or, is he just "untouchable"?


         


"has  martin lipton, the legendary mergers-and-acquisitions lawyer,
lost his edge? ...[t]he behavior of some of his clients has raised questions
about whether the legal ace is always giving such good advice -- especially in
the field of corporate activism. mr. lipton is an advocate of what may best be
termed the 'just say no' approach to shareholder activists. ... mr. lipton
isn't, of course, saying what advice he actually dispenses behind closed doors,
nor is it clear if his clients were acting on his advice. ... but the actions of
several of the attorney's high-profile clients in the face of uppity investors
are consistent with his published views. ... but it isn't just in the realm of
corporate activism that mr. lipton's clients have arguably made missteps. the
bancroft family, which controls dow jones, seems to have mishandled its
negotiations with news corp.'s rupert murdoch over a possible sale of the
company. ...[t]he family's tactics don't seem to have left the dow jones board
in a particularly strong position to negotiate for more money from mr. murdoch,
even if they have persuaded him to make some concessions on editorial
independence. at least mr. lipton will have his legacy as the father of the
poison-pill defense to fall back on, right? not necessarily. three years ago, a
majority of standard & poor's 500 companies had such takeover protections on
their books, according to research prepared by the corporate library.  now just a
third of america's top companies have them. at that rate, by the time mr. lipton turns 80 in
four years, the pill will be virtually extinct." (wsj, 7/6/07, "sage
advice? 'just say no'")  mr.
lipton, there
always comes a time to hang up the gloves and go gracefully.  "wachtell remained confident in its strategy
throughout the trial (hexion v. huntsman, where hexion, represented by wachtell,
wanted to walk away from a merger agreement) last fall. 
even after the trial concluded, as the two sides waited for (delaware
chancery judge stephen) lamb's ruling, wachtell's martin
lipton personally guaranteed victory for apollo (owner of hexion) cofounder
leon black, according to individuals familiar with the matter."  (americanlawyer.com,
4/1/09, "the big fall")  a
mere mortal would be up on charges before a state bar association for making
such a personal guarantee.  after a
ruling in favor of huntsman, hexion paid $1 billion to settle the matter.
       
"'come on, you can say it. i’m a professional entrencher of management.'  so
joked  martin lipton, the co-founder of corporate america's favorite law firm, wachtell, lipton, rosen & katz. ... [h]is joke wasn't
much of a joke.  ... mr. lipton has
been the ultimate consigliere to wall street and fortune 500 companies. ... mr.
lipton has given chief executives and their boards the advice they want to hear
— that even in this age of shareholder rights it’s o.k. to stiff-arm the
people who actually own the company. he seems to hold shareholder activists —
one-time renegades who are now seen as heroes by much of wall street — with
something akin to contempt.  ... his
latest memo ... a manifesto about the responsibilities of board members, mr.
lipton wrote that 'limits on executive compensation, splitting the role of
chairman and c.e.o. and efforts to impose shareholder referenda on matters that
have been the province of boards should be resisted.' what is more, he suggested
that boards should resist 'the trend of having the audit committee or a special
committee of independent directors investigate almost all whistle-blowing
complaints, recognizing how disruptive such investigations are, and being
judicious in deciding what really warrants investigation.' 
it is as if mr. lipton wants to return to an era when chief executives
could do whatever they wanted, when boards were mainly rubber stamps and
shareholders had only one way to express their discontent: sell their shares.
but he can’t turn back the clock, which is why mr. lipton’s advice isn't
just wrongheaded. it’s dangerous. ... he is an unapologetic apologist for the
days of the imperial c.e.o. the problem for mr. lipton is that nowadays
shareholders often have more power than he does. last winter, his advice to home
depot about how to deal with angry investors backfired.  two
weeks later, the board reversed course and fired mr. nardelli, a personal client
of mr. lipton's. ... the list of advice gone wrong goes on and on: michael d. eisner got
booted from disney, phil purcell got kicked out of morgan stanley and richard a. grasso lost his
job at the new
york stock exchange. in each instance, mr. lipton represented the
board and pushed for the status quo — until he couldn't anymore, and someone
got the ax.  ... and many competitors
envy his fat fees. rather than charge by the hour, mr. lipton sets his pay for
projects upfront. no negotiation. (good work if you can get it.) of course,
virtually nobody in the business, rivals included, is willing to say a bad word
about mr. lipton publicly, even on the intellectual merits of his views. his
power is too large and the wall street cabal too tight."   (nyt,
1/8/08, "questioning an adviser’s advice") 
imperial ceos need imperial esquires.  does
anyone see an ethical problem when an attorney represents both the bod and ceo
when the issue revolves around the ceo's tenure? 
it is interesting that he can re-sell the same advice when any bod should
know, in advance, what it would be.  perhaps,
it is exactly the advice they wish to receive.
 
       
some "blind trusts" are not as blind as they should be. "john thain 
...
recently filed to sell options for 212,000 goldman shares. the filing was made
on behalf of the blind trust set up by mr. thain to control his stake in goldman
after he was tapped to run the big board. ... when mr. thain's appointment at
the bog board was announced, questions were posed as to how he would handle his
stake in goldman if it posed a conflict of interest.... goldman's dealings at
the nyse include its spear, leeds & kellogg unit, which is one of the seven
nyse specialists that oversee the buying and selling of assigned nyse
stock."  (wsj, 3/24/04, "thain files to sell goldman
options")  how blind is a blind trust when the identity of the
investments is known?

 

       
"dozens of companies are avoiding new rules intended to make their boards
more independent from management....  these companies are able to escape
the new rules ... by designating themselves as 'controlled' companies in which
more than 50% of the voting power rests with an individual, a family or another
group of shareholders who vote as a block....  dillard's inc.
disclosed that it planned to avoid the rule requiring
a majority of directors be independent and that an independent nominating
committee select director candidates.  the family ... retains 99.4% of the
voting power through class b shares.  the company's bylaws allow the
family to elect eight of its 12 directors although the dillard family holds less
than 10% of shares outstanding. ... a dillard's representative said shareholders
knew when they bought the stock that the family had the right to elect a
majority of the board."  (wsj, 4/28/04, "loophole limits
independence")

 

       
"intel corp., time warner inc., jpmorgan
chase  & co. and seven other major companies have agreed to sit down
with union representatives in a work group to study the feasibility of majority
elections for corporate directors.  …
the union-corporate agreement, reached this week, also includes merrill
lynch  & co., chevrontexaco corp., constellation
energy group, wyeth, the gap inc.,
baxter international inc. and cinergy  corp….
the work group members have committed to meet at least three times between june
and november and prepare a report before the next proxy season that includes
findings and outlines areas of agreement and disagreement.  …
[t]he unions proposed the work group during discussions with the 10 companies.  the
unions invited companies to join the group, based on their willingness to
negotiate in good faith on majority voting."  (issfriday, 3/4/05,
"a 'model for constructive dialogue:' unions withdraw majority-voting
resolutions at 10 companies")  
it is readily foreseeable that the companies would agree that only
the most innocuous proposals are "feasible."  "work
group" is just another bureaucratic tactic to postpone that result until
some time in the distant future.  it
is time for "union representatives" to stop panning for the cameras
and take effective action.
       
"caterpillar's response to the proposal in its proxy statement also raises
the issue of what happens if a director doesn't receive a majority vote, saying
the position may become vacant or the director could remain in office until
replaced by the board." (chicago-tribune,
4/10/05, "majority vote hot topic for boards")

 

       
"before  american international group inc.'s independent directors gathered
on sunday to decide the fate of chairman maurice r. 'hank' greenberg, many had a
burning question: could they bring their own lawyers along?  the word came
back that the directors' personal lawyers wouldn't be allowed into the meeting -
only counsel retained by the group as a whole."  (wsj, 3/16/05, "aig
considers cutting greenberg ties: after enron, worldcom, directors display
higher level of concern over their own legal liabilities")  the
"word came back" from whom?  did it come back from the secretary
of aig, who serves at the pleasure of ceo greenberg?  did it come back from
"counsel retained by the group as a whole," who did not want his/her
advice challenged by other attorneys?  did
it come back from the non-independent directors?  upon what reasoning was
the "word" based?

 

       
"mr. grasso also added former nyse board member  h. carl mccall to his
complaint against the nyse alleging mr. mccall was negligent in handling the
$187.5 million pay package that led to mr. grasso's ouster in september
2003." (wsj, 3/16/05,
"defamation claim by grasso against nyse's reed is dismissed") 
the state of new york has the burden of proving that mr. grasso's pay package
was unreasonable.  in defending, mr. grasso only has to poke holes in the
state's case against him to prevail.  with this new claim, mr. grasso will
be affirmatively required to prove that mr. mccall's acts caused him
damage.  accordingly, mr. grasso will have the burden of proving that his
pay package was justified.  or, perhaps, mr. grasso will attempt to prove
that mr. mccall was inept in the accepted ways of transferring immense sums of
corporate assets into the pockets of corporate executives and avoiding public
scrutiny.  will the potential added benefits be justified by the assumed
risk?  stay tuned, sports fans.

 

       
"the fight over proxy access has moved from the securities and exchange
commission to the federal courts. the american federation of state,
county and municipal employees (asfcme) pension plan is seeking a court
ruling to force american international group inc. (aig) to
include the pension fund's access resolution at the ballot at the company's
annual meeting in may. afscme sued feb. 25 in federal court in manhattan
 after the staff of the sec's division of corporate finance advised aig on feb.
14 that it could omit the binding proposal, which seeks to amend the company's
bylaws to allow shareholders to nominate directors.  the
sec staff, through the agency's no-action process, earlier allowed the exclusion
of similar proposals at walt disney co., halliburton
inc., qwest communications international inc. and verizon
communications inc., even though the resolutions are modeled after the
sec's proxy access rule. …  the
lawsuit contends that the asfcme proposal is legal under the law of delaware

 (where aig is incorporated) and is a proper subject for a shareholder vote.
…. professor charles elson, director of the 
john

l. weinberg
 center
 for corporate governance at the university
 of 
delaware

, said other shareholders have sued in federal court after the sec allowed
companies to omit their proposals--with 'mixed success.'"(issfriday,
3/4/05, "afscme sues aig over proxy access") 
let's do the math and add in some common sense. 
how much will asfcme pay its attorneys to prosecute the legal action? 
even if afscme prevails, what does it gain? 
it may obtain the right to include a proxy access proposal, which is
subject to shareholder vote that may not be binding upon aig. 
how much would it cost for afscme to run a slate of director candidates
by filing a bare bones proxy statement with the sec and telephoning its fellow
institutional shareholders to support those candidates? 
a cost/benefit analysis would be appropriate. 
sometimes, it is easier to convince the uninformed public that one is
doing something positive rather than to actually do it.
       
"the nation's largest union of government workers has sued  american
international group inc. over the insurance company's refusal to include a
proposal in its proxy materials that, if approved, would allow investors to
nominate directors to its board. … ‘we have no choice but to seek
relief in the courts because of the current stalemate on proxy access rulemaking
at the [sec],’ gerald w. mcentree, chairman of afscme's pension plan, said in
a statement. … the proposal sought to amend aig's bylaws to allow shareholders
who own 3 percent or more of the company's stock for at least one year to
nominate individuals for its board of directors and have their names listed on
materials sent to shareholders for a vote. … the insurer said section 14(a) of
the securities and exchange act allows it to exclude a proposal if it falls
within 13 enumerated categories, including if the proposal 'relates to an
election for membership on the company's board of directors.' … [i]n february
the sec's division of corporation finance issued a "no-action" letter
to the insurer stating it would not recommend the initiation of an enforcement
action if aig excluded afscme's proposal from the materials. in its suit filed
in the u.s. district court for the southern district of new york, afscme said
the rule only precludes proposals that advocate or oppose the election of
specific candidates in specific elections. the pension fund said its proposal is
about procedure and federal securities laws require its inclusion." (securities litigation & regulation reporter, 3/10/05,
"union sues insurer aig over access to shareholder voting materials") 
the afscme is mistaken. 
it does have a choice --- file a bare-bones proxy statement
with the sec, whereby it could nominate a slate of director-candidates, and
solicit votes from its fellow institutional shareholders.
       
"afscme loses ruling in aig
suit … a federal judge on march 22 rejected a request by the american
federation of state, county & municipal employees (afscme)
pension plan to order american
international group to include the union's proxy access
proposal on its 2005 ballot. the union fund sued aig after the staff of the
securities and exchange commission allowed the company to exclude the proposal,
which is modeled after the sec’s 2003 draft proxy rule. … according to a
copy of a ruling … u.s. district judge louis stanton in new york agreed with
the sec staff’s decision that the afscme proposal could be omitted under sec
rule 14a-8(i)(8) as relating to the election for membership on the board of
directors.  the judge also noted that
the issue of proxy access is not for the courts to decide. 'the function of the
court is to apply the law as articulated by legislatures or their authorized
regulatory agencies, not independently to create new legal obligations in this
carefully regulated field,' stanton wrote." (iss friday report, 3/24/05,
"afl-cio releases 2005 key votes scorecard") 
one can only wonder as to the
amount of time and effort expended by the afscme and whether it could have been better spent.

 

       
"hollinger international inc., which has been
under shareholder pressure to overhaul its board, said six (richard r. burt,

daniel w. colson,  henry a. kissinger,  shmuel meitar,  richard n. perle and
 james
r. thompson ) of its 11 directors won't stand for re-election at the newspaper
publisher's annual meeting in january. …   the
announcement follows last week's indictment by u.s.

 prosecutors of  conrad black, the company's former chairman and chief executive,
on eight counts of fraud. the indictments against mr. black and three other
former hollinger executives stemmed from more than $80 million in payments made
to him and other executives related to sales of hollinger newspapers. …
hollinger said the board's nominating and governance committee, chaired by mr.
kissinger, has been working with search firm spencer stuart to identify new
candidates to the board. 
(wsj, 11/21/05,
"hollinger seeks successors to fill six board seats") 
what's wrong with this picture? 
kissinger, who was not competent enough to recognize the alleged grandiose
theft that occurred on his watch, is leaving the bod, but is in charge of
selecting all successor bod members.

 

       
"an admission that the chief executive officer of radioshack corp.
misrepresented his academic credentials highlights a dilemma for corporate
directors in the post-enron, sarbanes-oxley world: what type of ethical breach
requires dumping a top executive? … [a]fter two days of sticking by david
edmondson, radioshack directors said they will retain outside counsel to
investigate the matter and advise them on what to do. … mr. edmondson said
that he believed he had received a thg diploma, and not a bachelor's of science
degree, as he previously claimed. but the 46-year-old ceo also acknowledged he
couldn't document the thg diploma, typically a certificate with fewer
requirements than a bachelor's degree. questions about mr. edmondson's academic
credentials were first raised tuesday in an article in the fort worth
star-telegram. … directors may justifiably worry, governance experts say, that
such incidents can suggest broader problems with integrity, honesty and
judgment. … another vexing problem in such instances: if a board ignores a
ceo's ethical misdeed, what message does that send to the other employees?
subordinates either infer the company doesn't take ethical breaches seriously,
or think that top executives treat themselves differently than other employees.
… radioshack's code of conduct says the company takes ethical violations
seriously. … in his résumé, mr. edmondson had claimed he had a bachelor's
degree from 
pacific
 coast

baptist

college
 in san dimas, calif, the star-telegram reported. but the college never offered degrees in
psychology…."  wsj, 2/16/06,
"ethical breaches pose dilemma for boards: when to fire a ceo?") 
it is
interesting that the bod has retained "outside counsel to investigate the
matter," i.e., tell the bod how ethically it should act.  is this the new
low level to which corporate out sourcing has sunk?   also, one
wonders about the competence of those conducting the initial vetting process,
which did not detect the then potential ceo's résumé inflation. 
zero-tolerance seems to apply only to poor working stiffs, but not to those in the pinnacles of corporate power.

       
"david j. edmondson resigned as
the chief executive of radioshack yesterday, only days after he told investors
that he intended to stay on despite the revelation that he had lied to the
company about his education by claiming two college degrees when he had none. 
leonard h. roberts, the
executive chairman of the company, who had chosen mr. edmondson to be his
successor as chief executive, announced the departure, which he said was a
mutual decision between the board and mr. edmondson. … mr. roberts said the
board knew 'some, but definitely not all' of the issues that were raised last
week. 'what we thought we knew then, we did not know,' he said in a conference
call with reporters. 'in retrospect, i wish we had not made that statement.' he
declined to specify which facts had not been known. … but last wednesday, the
company issued a statement from mr. edmondson admitting, 'i clearly misstated my
academic record and the responsibility for these misstatements is mine alone.'  the
board then announced an investigation, which was canceled yesterday after he
resigned."  (nyt, 2/21/06,
"radioshack chief resigns after lying") 
what was the purpose of the out sourced investigation when the ceo
already admitted his falsehoods?  



 


       
''shareholders across the nation are finally awakening to the fact that some
corporate directors must be forced to live up to their duties and mind the store
for the owners they are supposed to represent. to this end, shareholders will be
asked to vote this spring on scads of proposals seeking changes in director
elections at annual meetings. these so-called majority-vote proposals would
require a company to accept, or at least consider, the resignation of any
director who receives fewer than half the votes cast at the annual meeting. so
woeful is the state of shareholder democracy in america

 that such a modest step is seen as real progress. happily, one institutional
investor has decided to forgo the incremental approach and deliver a potent
punch to two directors it views as not up to the job. that investor is longview
funds, a family of mutual funds run by the labor-union-owned amalgamated
bank. last week, longview submitted a proposal to ca inc., the company formerly known as computer associates, asking its shareholders to vote to remove two
directors at its coming meeting: alfonse
m. d'amato, a former senator from new york who served on the board when
significant misconduct was going on at the company, and lewis s. ranieri, a former vice chairman of salomon brothers and the
chairman of ca's board. mr. ranieri joined the ca board in 2001 after the
company's accounting practices had been questioned. 
longview
 recommends that ca shareholders oust him because, as longview

 sees it, he failed to get to the bottom of the company's problems quickly and
to put things back on the right track. … the proposal also noted that while
mr. ranieri advised shareholders in 2004 that ca would not tolerate former
executives retaining compensation they received based on false revenue numbers,
the company has not tried to recover money from any executives who received
unjustified pay based on erroneous accounting. … ca may try to keep the longview

 proposal off its proxy by challenging it before the s.e.c. that would be an
interesting sign of the board's attitude toward the shareholders it is supposed
to represent and their rights to vote. the beauty of the longview
 proposal is its simplicity. it does not require an expensive shareholder
campaign to unseat a director in favor of another candidate. nor does it ask the
s.e.c. to create any new rights for ca shareholders. it simply asks that ca
shareholders be allowed to remove directors by a majority vote of the shares
outstanding -- something they are entitled to do under the laws of delaware,
where the company is incorporated.'' (nyt, 4/2/06, ''one
share, one vote: one big test'') 
the problems are that sec rule 14a-8 explicitly restricts shareholder
proposals from dealing with the election of directors and such proposals are not
binding.

       
''the s.e.c. …  has ruled that ca
can exclude the proposal from its proxy, meaning that its shareholders
will not be able to vote for or against the two directors. the best the
shareholders can do, if they are disappointed in their performance, is to
withhold support for the directors. that is an exercise in futility, because
they win re-election anyway. by allowing ca to exclude the proposal, the s.e.c.
relied on federal law, which essentially holds that proxy proposals are not
supposed to be used as vehicles for changes in board composition. such changes
should instead be made in full-blown proxy fights, featuring dissident slates of
directors for shareholders to consider. the s.e.c. has ruled this way many times
before. …. but with director accountability so much on shareholders' minds,
what better time than now to reconsider how to give owners more power in the
election -- or ouster -- of directors who purport to serve them? 

longview

 has appealed to the s.e.c. to review its position on the ca proposal. in a
letter to the commission sent on friday,  cornish f. hitchcock, a lawyer who
represents the fund, summed it up this way: 'the issue is whether the commission
will interpose itself between a company and its shareholders when the
shareholders believe that certain directors should be removed from office and
when state law empowers such removal.'  unfortunately, the s.e.c.'s view
that such proposals should be excluded from proxies gives shareholders hoping to
change the makeup of their company's board a deeply unsatisfying choice. they
must either put up a dissident slate, which costs millions of dollars, or accept
a nonexistent role in director elections. … and it will probably mean less
vigilance from directors who know that, barring a disaster of enron proportions,
they cannot be fired.'' (nyt, 6/25/06, ''soviet-style
proxies, made in the u.s.a.'')


 


       
"the coca-cola company announced
an innovative plan yesterday for paying outside directors: if earnings per share
do not rise fast enough over a three-year period, directors will receive
nothing. but they will get a significant raise if earnings perform as expected.
… [i]t ran into criticism from corporate governance experts who expressed fear
that directors could face conflicts of interest. …. [l]ast year the s.e.c.
issued a cease-and-desist order barring coca-cola from violating accounting
rules.  … the s.e.c. said that
while that accounting treatment was legal, coca-cola violated securities laws by
not disclosing the channel stuffing and its effect on profits. … james d. robinson iii, the chairman of the coke board's committee on
corporate governance, said in an interview that the board had ample protections
in place to prevent earnings manipulation…. [d]irectors might face a conflict
if confronted with a possible merger that would depress earnings for a few years
but that held the potential to be of great value in the long run." 
(nyt, 4/6/06, "coke's board to get bonus or nothing") 
we’ve previously heard the "ample protections in place"
story, e.g., at enron where special purposes entities were used with off balance
sheet financing.  this new scheme has
serious potential problems, e.g., not independently wealthy directors might face
pressures to cooperate with management in earnings or financial statement
manipulation to meet all-or-nothing performance targets; earnings per share, the
sole performance metric utilized in the coca-cola plan, is among the measures
most easily subject to manipulation; directors might be subtly persuaded to
lower expectations for overall corporate performance goals for management;  and/or
struggles over setting performance targets could distract from directors'
primary responsibility to ensure that management is focused on the creation of
long-term shareholder value.



 


           

sometimes a quick reversal may constitute evidence of a lame idea. 
"it may sound strange, but when the wolves are scratching at your
door, it helps to invite them in. that's because these wolves, accustomed to
harsh words and ridicule, are often satisfied with a few kind words and a
gesture of respect. '[corporations] should have a constant open-door policy,'
says nell minow, co-founder and editor of the corporate library, and a
prominent shareholder activist since the early 1990s. a little communication
goes a long way. during a proxy fight with reader's digest in the late
1990s, the ceo gave her a private meeting without his entourage. 'that was so
disarming and so candid that it bought a lot of credibility with me,' minow
says.  robert a. g. monks,
minow's longtime partner in the fight for improved governance, also withdrew a
resolution against sears, roebuck after meeting with the
ceo." (forbes, 7/13/06, "how
to fight off shareholder activists") 
assuming that the activists had bona fide major grievances, which they
had thoroughly investigated before launching their campaigns, it is surprising
that they could be so easily resolved.  or,
was it a matter of lack of initial due diligence and/or a little ego stroking
going along way where nothing was resolved!



 


           
"[b]oards at major companies apparently still put a good deal of -- well,
stock -- in stock recommendations.  new
research shows that if half of the analysts covering a company drop their
stock-recommendation rating one notch -- from 'buy' to 'hold,' for example -- that increases by nearly half the likelihood
that the big boss will get the ax within six months. 
the research, by margarethe wiersema of 
rice

university
 and mark washburn of the university
 of 
california, looked at ceo successions in fortune 500 companies from 1996 through 2000. the
impact of downgrades was above and beyond the effects of declining profits or
even falling share prices. …  'for
a long time corporate boards tended to be too complacent about inferior
executive leadership,' prof.
wiersema says. 'now the pendulum
may have swung too far in the opposite direction,'
with boards firing ceos 'in the
midst of major shifts in corporate strategy.'" (wsj, 8/5/06, "'sell'=fire: analysts' views cloud ceos' jobs") 
hopefully, there is no cause and effect relationship between the stock
analysts' recommendations and bod actions. 
if there is, investors are in deep trouble.



 


       
a ceo, even though he is not a major shareholder, believes that he controls the
bod.  ''george
perlegos, who probably never thought he might lose his job, wants to fire
the independent directors of the atmel
corporation, a silicon valley semiconductor company. mr. perlegos founded
atmel in 1984, took it public in 1991 and was its chairman and chief executive
until this past weekend. then the five independent directors voted to fire him
as chief executive and to remove him as chairman. while they were at it, the
board fired three other executives, including another director, gust perlegos,
an executive vice president who is george's brother.  by
george perlegos's account, before he was removed as chairman he called a special
shareholders meeting for oct. 5 to fire the five independent directors who had
decided to fire him. the company claims that the meeting had not been called
before mr. perlegos was fired. a delaware

 judge will hear arguments next month, but it would seem to be appropriate to
bring the owners into this. if not, the company will be run by a board that
includes the two fired executives as it seeks to deal with lawsuits they filed.
however it ends, this is a situation that never could have happened without
sarbanes-oxley and the other reforms that followed the enron scandal. …
without that rule, the independent directors would not have had the votes to
fire the perlegos brothers. … given that the former chief executive had no
employment contract, it would seem the board would have the power to fire him
for any reason. that is not how the perlegos brothers see it. they … argue
that the directors violated their fiduciary duties.'' (nyt, 8/11/06, ''atmel's mess: you're fired. no, you are.'') 


 


       
"vnu's board recommended in
march that shareholders accept the private-equity firms' bid, but the
shareholders instead rose up in a rare and vociferous revolt. the shareholders
questioned why they should sell for a small premium to vnu's share price --
leaving on the table the profits the private-equity firms were likely to reap
from quickly restructuring the company. instead, the shareholders wanted to
force the company to fix itself so they could enjoy the fruits of the changes
themselves. … corporate boards have typically recommended the offers, too,
since they were reluctant to turn away private-equity advances for fear of
offending shareholders looking to make a profit on their shares. 
but after a handful of private-equity firms over the past two years
generated massive quick profits -- sometimes more than $1 billion in just a few
months -- the firms are facing rising discontent from the shareholders and
directors they count on to approve company sales.  warren buffett, chief
executive of omaha, neb.-based berkshire hathaway inc., recently warned his
shareholders that private-equity firms are 'deal flippers' that use financial
engineering to eke out quick gains rather than nurturing companies for the long
term. … some shareholders also are concerned about the potential for conflicts
of interest when company managers recommend private-equity bids, then stay on to
reap fortunes after a takeover. … many private-equity executives say the
battle could signal tough times ahead. now, they say even after a board
recommends a takeover, private-equity firms may increasingly find they need to
negotiate again with shareholders, who are demanding more of the potential
profits for themselves." (wsj, 8/17/06, "in twist for private buyouts,
some shareholders fight back")  the
bod, in order to ascertain whether to recommend any proposal, should know what
the buyer proposes to do and be able to estimate the buyer's potential profits
and, then, make full disclosure to shareholders.  



 


       

"a special committee of apple computer
inc. directors that examined backdated stock options included one board
member (jerome york) who had been involved with awarding apple options to
executives and another (eric schmidt) whose former company is scrutinizing
option grants made while he was its chief executive. … apple also said nothing
about what role, if any, its directors had in the problematic option grants, nor
has it revealed details about the board's role in investigating the grants. the
company also hasn't said who approved the options with the problematic
dates." (wsj, 10/11/06, "apple's options probe could raise
conflicts")


 


       
"martin lipton ... is the
nation's pre-eminent takeover lawyer and founding partner of wachtell, lipton, rosen & katz.  he
invented the poison pill in the 1980s, a device that entrenched me-first
managers threatened by takeover artists. more recently, mr. lipton has become
the apologist for embattled chief executives who don't like shareholders
sounding off on excessive pay and cozy boards. last week, he sounded a grave
warning at the 25th annual institute on federal securities in miami. ... directors are under siege, he averred, thanks to shareholder activists who
are 'destroying the role, focus and collegiality of the board of directors.'
finally, mr. lipton thundered: ''we cannot afford continuing attacks on the
board of directors. it is time to recognize the threat to our economy and
reverse the trend.'' ... [t]he sheer desperation in mr. lipton's speech, called
'shareholder activism and the eclipse of the public corporation,' subverted the
more intellectually challenging elements of his argument, leaving what remained
something of a rant. ...[h]is thesis -- that owners are bent on wrecking the
companies they have bought and upon which they hope to build a prosperous
retirement -- doesn't make much sense. he seems to see shareholders as infants
who should stay in their cribs and leave big corporate decisions to wise men on
the board, in the corner suite and, of course, in law offices. ... if mr. lipton
had focused his diatribe on marginal activists with kooky agendas or hedge funds
keen on instant gratification, it would have been more credible. but he seems to
consider even thoughtful people, who are trying to persuade directors to
exercise their fiduciary duties, as enemies of corporate america. ...  if the public corporation is
an endangered species, as mr. lipton argued, it is not because of shareholders.
those who owned stock in enron, worldcom, adelphia and tyco did not create the
scandals that rocked those companies and sowed mistrust among others. selfish
managers and passive directors did that work handily. ... greater shareholder
involvement in director elections and other board matters is coming, in part
because so much wealth has been destroyed at companies with lax oversight. mr.
lipton's fear-mongering about its consequences will please his corporate
clients, but it won't stop the train." (nyt, 2/11/07, "memo
to shareholders: shut up")  


 


      
the idea of a chairman/ceo plus a lead director (as opposed to an independent
director serving a chairman) is seriously flawed.  "i have served on
the boards of three major american corporations.... [t]he chairman/ceo plus lead
director model is actually worse that the chairman/ceo model, because investors
falsely believe the lead director has the power to protect their
interests.  in fact, the lead director has little practical power and is
frequently selected by the chairman/ceo.  in america, the chairman is still
the chairman, will all the respect and influence that title bestows on the
holder." (wsj, 7/9/08, opinion: "how to rein in the imperial
ceo")


 


       
"as much as $75 billion of lehman
brothers holdings inc. value was destroyed by the unplanned and chaotic form
of the firm's bankruptcy filing in september, according to an internal analysis
by the company's restructuring advisers. a less-hurried chapter 11 bankruptcy
filing likely would have preserved tens of billions of dollars of value,
according to a three-month study by the advisory firm, alvarez
& marsal. an orderly filing would have enabled lehman to sell some
assets outside of federal bankruptcy-court protection, and would have given it
time to try to unwind its derivatives portfolio in a way that might have
preserved value, the study says. ... 'while i have no position on whether or not
the federal government should have provided further assistance to lehman, once
the decision was made not to provide further assistance, an orderly wind-down
plan should have been pursued. it was an unconscionable waste of value,' said bryan marsal, co-chief executive of the advisory firm who now serves
as lehman's chief restructuring officer. mr. marsal estimates that the total
value destruction at lehman will reach between $50 billion and $75 billion, once
losses from derivatives trades and asset impairment are combined. much of the
destruction of value came from the bankruptcy filing of the parent guarantor,
lehman holdings. the filing triggered a cascade of defaults at subsidiaries that
held trading contracts. that created what is known as an 'event of default' for
lehman's derivatives. this resulted in a termination of more than 80% of the
transactions with counterparties -- typically major european and u.s.

 banks such as j.p. morgan chase & co., said mr. marsal. in all, the
bankruptcy canceled 900,000 separate derivatives contracts. the problem for
creditors is that this also terminated contracts in which lehman was owed money.
mr. marsal said a few extra weeks would have allowed lehman to transfer or
unwind most of its 1.1 million derivatives trades, preserving more cash for
creditors. overall, the losses from derivatives trades and related claims cost
lehman's unsecured creditors at least $50 billion, according to the analysis.
the findings, yet to be made public, eventually will be presented to the u.s.
bankruptcy court and to lehman's creditors. 'this filing, which was pretty
much dictated to the board of directors at lehman that weekend, occurred with no
planning,' said mr. marsal, whose new york

 firm was hired by lehman's board around 10:30 p.m. sept. 14. that was just
hours before lehman filed for the largest bankruptcy in 
u.s.
 history, after the u.s.

 government declined to offer its backing. ... 'had fundamental rules of crisis
management been followed, much of the value that was lost by the unsecured
creditors would have been prevented. this loss in value was a big hit to the
public holders and could have been mitigated,' mr. marsal said. mr. marsal also
criticized the way lehman sold off assets. the unplanned bankruptcy pushed down
prices for lehman assets in an already depressed market." (wsj, 12/30/
"lehman's chaotic bankruptcy filing destroyed billions in value") 
in what manner was the bankruptcy filing decision "pretty much
dictated to the board of directors"?  who
is the dictator-in-chief?  why was
there "no planning" by the bod?  could
it be that the former rulers of the financial universe were/are incompetent? 
will this bod remain unaccountable by invoking the (lack of) business
judgment rule?


 

       
"this week new york sen. chuck schumer is expected to introduce the shareholder
bill of rights act of 2009. ... in its current form, the bill would ...
grant stockholders a new right to include their own director nominees in the
corporation's proxy statement. ... and it would require that all directors
receive a majority of votes cast to be elected. ... excessive stockholder power
is precisely what caused the short-term fixation that led to the current
financial crisis. as stockholder power increased over the last 20 years, our
stock markets also became increasingly institutionalized. the real investors are
mostly professional money managers who are focused on the short term. it is
these shareholders who pushed companies to generate returns at levels that were
not sustainable. they also made sure high returns were tied to management
compensation. the pressure to produce unrealistic profit fueled increased
risk-taking. and as the government relaxed checks on excessive risk-taking (or,
at a minimum, didn't respond with increased prudential regulation), stockholder
demands for ever higher returns grew still further. it was a vicious cycle. ....
the stockholder-centric view of the current schumer bill simply cannot be the
cure for the disease it spawned." 
(wsj opinion, 5/12/09, "schumer's shareholder bill misses the
mark") this is the type of propaganda one has come to expect from martin
lipton of
the new york law firm wachtell,
lipton, rosen and katz,
whose
corporate clients pay for such pabulum. 
lipton never explains what "excessive shareholder power" means
and whether/how it relates to shareholder access to the corporate ballot. 
he has determined that shareholders caused all corporate foibles even
though shareholders have no effective means to hold management accountable for
its actions. 
he, also, considers management so feeble-minded that it does whatever any
shareholder desires without consideration of the consequences.

 

            "two
major labor groups renewed their push to unseat one of citigroup
inc.'s longest-serving directors, c.
michael armstrong. in a letter sent friday to citigroup chairman richard
parsons, the afl-cio and american
federation for state, county and municipal employees asked for a meeting to
discuss their concerns about mr. armstrong and their desire for a say in new
board nominees. the unions have criticized mr. armstrong, former chairman and
chief executive of at&t corp., for his role heading citigroup's audit and
risk-management committee before the financial crisis. 'we're focused on holding
a director accountable whose failure to oversee and manage risk cost taxpayers
hundreds of billions of dollars and brought his firm to the brink of collapse,'
said daniel pedrotty, the director of the afl-cio's office of investment. mr.
armstrong has previously defended his tenure on the 

new york

 company's audit committee, saying he isn't to blame for citigroup's problems.
... mr. parsons has pledged to revamp the board with a majority of new members,
recruiting seven so far. ... the 17-member board still has eight directors who
served in the run-up to the financial crisis, including mr. parsons." (wsj,
1/19/10, "two unions push for resignation of armstrong from citi's
board")  if armstrong claims
that he isn't to blame, did he state who is to blame? 
if parson's agrees that armstrong should leave the bod for his alleged
failure to oversee and manage risk, is parsons not admitting that he (parsons)
should also resign?  the unions may
receive a "return to sender" response to their letter.

 
they need to use something that has the impact of a telegram!

 

           
"shareholders of merck sued in 2004, contending that current and
former company officers and directors had breached their fiduciary duties in the
marketing of the painkiller vioxx, causing investors to lose billions. and all
the shareholders got for their suit was a settlement agreement.... plaintiffs
have also asked for $12.15 million to cover legal fees. ... the settlement
agreement requires merck to enact some innovative governance reforms, like
hiring a chief medical officer to serve as something of an independent
ombudsman, charged with monitoring product marketing and safety. the agreement
also tasks board members for the first time with safeguarding research ethics
and drug safety. and it calls for two new committees — one to look after
product safety and another to address risks to the company. ... but some
analysts say that these kinds of changes don't address deeper problems in
corporate culture, like errant leadership or obsequious directors, that are
factors in many business disasters. after all, they said, enron's stringent code
of conduct did not prevent accounting fraud. ... 
indeed, to former investment bankers like john gillespie, the
co-author of a book on corporate governance called 'money for nothing,' the
merck settlement agreement seems like pretty small potatoes in the face of such
staggering shareholder losses. moreover, mr. gillespie said, because executives
concerned about lawsuits are loath to acknowledge any mistakes, it's almost
impossible for companies to take corrective action 'beyond window
dressing." (nyt, 4/2/10, "does merck agreement pave a road toward
change?")  the wimpy agreement
served as a diversion to permit the attorney's to extract (without at trial on
the merits) $12.15 million from the company (current shareholders) vis-à-vis
the directors.  more bad deeds go
unpunished.

 

         
"[t]he 8-k
that teen retailer abercrombie & fitch (anf) filed yesterday has to
be one of the wackiest we've ever seen. ... as the filing
notes, ceo michael jeffries, who has
a penchant for using anf's corporate jet for personal use, racking up over $1 million
in a year when abercrombie's stock fell by over 60%, will receive $4 million not
to use the corporate jet as much under his amended
employment contract filed yesterday. if
jeffries spends over $200,000 a year on personal use, he'll have to (insert
huge sigh here) reach into his own pocket! ... [y]ou have to wonder what
anf's board
was thinking here when they made this decision." 
(footnoted.com, 4/14/10, "holy
cannoli at abercrombie…")


 

           
"a
coalition of public pension funds is recommending the ouster of three massey
energy co. board members, saying the safety committee members failed to
carry out their duties in light of the april 5 coal mine explosion in which 29
workers were killed.on tuesday, a letter signed by pension fund leaders in eight
states, which together own about 1.36 million shares, or about 1.57% of massey's
shares, urged shareholders to oppose the may 18 reelection of massey president baxter
f. phillips and outside directors richard
m. gabrys and dan r. moore.  retired
adm. bobby r. inman, the board's lead independent director, said he is
seeking three or four members, but potential directors 'don't want to serve
until they see what happens at the annual meeting.' ...  massey
board members who fail to win a majority of votes must offer to leave. the
corporate-governance committee recommends whether the board should accept the
resignations... " (wsj, 5/12/10, "massey directors opposed by
funds")  pension fund leaders in
8 states could not amass more than 1.57% of the stock, which is much less than
the 5% level needed to get a bod candidate's name on the corporate proxy
statement under the sec's proposed new rules. 
have the pension fund leaders suggested replacement bod candidates? 
has a corporate-governance committee ever recommended that their
corporate cronies leave a bod?


 

       
"the mystery isn't why hewlett-packard
is likely to part ways with its chief executive, léo apotheker, after just a year in the job. it’s why he was
hired in the first place. ... interviews with several current and former
directors and people close to them involved in the search that resulted in the
hiring of mr. apotheker reveal a board that, while composed of many accomplished
individuals, as a group was rife with animosities, suspicion, distrust, personal
ambitions and jockeying for power that rendered it nearly dysfunctional.  among
their revelations: when the search committee of four directors narrowed the
candidates to three finalists, no one else on the board was willing to interview
them. and when the committee finally chose mr. apotheker and again suggested
that other directors meet him, no one did. remarkably, when the 12-member board
voted to name mr. apotheker as the
successor to the recently ousted chief executive, mark hurd, most board
members had never met mr. apotheker.  'i
admit it was highly unusual,' one board member who hadn't met mr. apotheker told
me. 'but we were just too exhausted from all the infighting.' ... there were so
many hard feelings. it became difficult to conduct business in a civil
manner.” still grappling with mr. hurd’s messy departure (h.p. sued him
after he joined the rival oracle as its president, later dropping the case), the
company began a search for his successor. four directors — lawrence
babbio, john hammergren, marc
andreessen and mr. (joel z.) hyatt — volunteered to form the search committee. some other
directors were immediately distrustful. they suspected that some colleagues
hoped to advance their own ambitions, including in at least one case to be the
next chairman. others were so angry over mr. hyatt's support for mr. hurd that
they declined to participate in any committee he was on.  running
h.p. might seem to be one of the best jobs in corporate america. but the
committee quickly discovered that a company whose board had summarily fired its
last two chief executives was a hard sell to top candidates, said people
involved in the search.  among those
who rebuffed h.p., they said, was virginia
rometty, a  senior vice president at i.b.m. ray
lane, a managing partner at kleiner perkins and a former president of
oracle, also rebuffed their approach but indicated he might be interested in
being chairman.  according to
directors, the committee narrowed the field to three candidates. mr. babbio
favored an internal candidate. but before mr. hurd's ouster, he had told the
board that he did not feel anyone at h.p. was ready to assume the top job. mr.
andreessen favored scott mcnealy, a 
co-founder  and chief executive of sun microsystems.  mr.
mcnealy was a candidate who worried other directors, given his outspoken
personality and his track record at sun microsystems, whose stock had dropped
precipitously with him at the helm. that left mr. apotheker, who had lasted just
seven months as chief executive of the german software giant sap. while
reasonably well known in europe and in software circles, he was relatively
unknown in silicon valley.  as one
executive said, 'we had a joke: the code name for the search was léo apotheker.
because no one had heard of him.'  'léo
had a lot in his favor, and a lot of deficiencies,' said one board member.
everyone thought he was extremely smart and knew the global software business.
among the deficiencies may have been the circumstances under which he left sap,
but when i pressed various directors, no one seemed able to recall just what
those were.  'i know there was a
satisfactory explanation, and we did look into it,' one person told me. others
did not want to comment. (it has subsequently been reported that while mr.
apotheker was at sap, the german company was sued and admitted that it had
infringed on oracle software copyrights after stealing them. sap has said he was
not responsible for the part of the company where the theft occurred.)  before
a final vote on mr. apotheker, h.p. search committee members again urged other
directors to meet him. no one took them up. at least one director, ms. salhany,
tried to slow the process, worrying aloud that 'no one has ever met him. are we
sure?' but her concerns were brushed aside. 'among the finalists, he was the
best of a very unattractive group,' one director said.  however
hasty the process, board members felt they had little choice. 'i believe the
search committee did a good job. they worked hard. there were very few choices,'
one participant said. 'so many people they called said they weren't interested.
people didn't want to follow in mark's footsteps. but mr. apotheker was a
mistake. we all made it. sometimes you make a mistake.'  ...
whatever the board does now, ultimately it is going to need to examine itself.  how
did it let things get to this? that, at the very least, should be the subject
for inquiry by yet another committee." (nyt, 9/21/11, "voting to hire
a chief without meeting him
") directors who are "too exhausted" to fulfill their fiduciary
duties should be put out to pasture. no american intelligence agent interviewed
"curveball," either. same results - disaster!


 

       
"say on pay" has failed to remedy bods lavishly rewarding failure.  "just
last week, léo apotheker was shown
the door after a tumultuous 11-month run atop hewlett-packard. his reward? $13.2 million in cash and stock
severance, in addition to a sign-on package worth about $10 million, according
to a corporate filing on thursday.  at
the end of august, robert p. kelly
was handed severance worth $17.2 million in cash and stock when he was ousted as
chief executive of bank of new york
mellon after clashing with board members and senior managers. a few days
later, carol a. bartz took home
nearly $10 million from yahoo after
being fired from the troubled search giant.  a
hallmark of the gilded era of just a few short years ago, the eye-popping
severance package continues to thrive in spite of the measures put in place in
the wake of the financial crisis to crack down on excessive pay. ... 'we
repeatedly see companies’ assets go out the door to reward failure,' said scott
zdrazil, the director of corporate governance for amalgamated
bank’s $11 billion longview fund,
a labor-affiliated investment fund that sought to tighten the restrictions on
severance plans at three oil companies last year. 'investors are frustrated that
boards haven’t prevented such windfalls.' ... yet so far, few investors have
gone to battle. only 38 of the largest 3,000 companies had their executive pay
plans voted down, according to institutional shareholder services. even then,
the votes are nonbinding. ... practices such as large cash payouts and having
shareholders pay the tax bill for departing executives are on the decline,
especially after the uproar over the $200 million-plus exit packages of hank
mckinnell of pfizer and robert nardelli
of home depot in the last decade. ...
at burger king, john chidsey, its chief executive, departed in april with a
severance package worth almost $20 million, despite severely underperforming
mcdonald’s. ... another chief executive received severance payments after his
company was accused of fraud. at beazer
homes, ian mccarthy was ousted as
chief executive three months after the company settled with the s.e.c. for
filing misleading financial statements. mr. mccarthy was forced to repay about
$6.5 million. but what the government took away, beazer’s board gave back. mr.
mccarthy was awarded a severance package worth about $6.3 million — and was
reimbursed for up to $10,000 of legal fees associated with his termination. ... perhaps
the biggest reason that golden parachutes persist is that corporate boards hire
superstar chief executives, rather than groom strong managers inside the company
for the top job. that gives outsiders a stronger hand to demand all kinds of
upfront stock awards and lucrative severance deals when they are hired. so when
things do not work out, that 'golden hello' turns into a 'golden goodbye.' ... lloyd
doggett, a democratic representative of texas and senior member of the house
ways and means committee, said excessive severance packages were 'outrageous.'
'the whole concept that the only way to get rid of bad management is to buy them
off is fundamentally wrong' he said." (nyt, 9/29/11, "outsize
severance continues for executives, even after failed tenures") so, scott,
what are you going to do about it? did you ever consider initiating a proxy
fight? actions speak louder than words. would bods be so generous if they felt
they were dealing with their own money? and, what is doggett going to propose to
clean up this do-do?

 

“‘board
doctors’ charge up to $250,000 to come into company board rooms, provide
in-depth assessments and encourage directors to make tough decisions they may
otherwise avoid on their own.  …
the intents or results of checkups vary. some boards want the outside advisors
to identify their weakest members before others do, while others need to reduce
the information overload board members may experience due to 800-page briefings
distributed before meetings. some boards want the ‘doctors’ to weigh in on
strategic matters, such as how much directors should prod executives to consider
a takeover. and some boards just want the consultant to make it easier to cut
dead weight. after all, 36 percent of directors think someone one their board
should be replaced, but they identify directors’ discomfort in doing so as the
biggest obstacle, according to pwc research cited by wsj.  the wsj
report mentions one director who played sudoku during board meetings for six
years straight. executives complained to the outside advisor, saying they felt a
lack of respect. when this was communicated the board chairman, he or she
addressed the behavior, and the sudoku-playing board member decided not to stand
for re-election.” (2/20/15,
becker’s hospital review, “do you need a doctor to diagnose your board's
ailments?”) corporate governance is sick and needs a shot when board members
are afraid to state their opinions or are too lazy or unable to do the jobs for
which they are handsomely paid. 

 

"the
group calls itself the main street investors coalition. it is a washington
organization that purports to represent the little guy — the retail investor
that it says has no voice in corporate america. … [t]he main street investors coalition has nothing to do with mom-and-pop
investors. the group is actually funded by big business interests that want to
diminish the ability of pension funds and large 401(k) plans — where most
little guys keep their money — to influence certain corporate governance
issues. the coalition popped up in the past two months and is positioning itself
against firms like blackrock and vanguard, which manage trillions of dollars of
americans’ retirement savings and have been using the shareholder votes that
come with those investments to take activist positions against corporate boards.
… but the main street group knows full well that individual investors rarely
mount proxy contests, let alone vote on them. so while empowering individual
investors while diminishing the influence of large funds may sound noble, it
would simply hand more power back to the managers and boards of directors of the
public companies. … among the organization's goals is a way for retail
investors to provide voting instructions to the firms that hold their
investments. in effect, rather than voting on behalf of all the investors in a
given fund, blackrock would have to parcel out the votes based on each investor's
wishes. that sounds good theoretically, but it could erode the ability of the
fund's managers to push for big-picture changes on behalf of the many investors
who are unlikely to take a position — or, frankly, aren't steeped enough in
the issues to make an informed decision. … the securities and exchange
commission is in the middle of examining regulations to protect investors and
companies, particularly the role of activist shareholders in proxy battles with
companies." (7/24/18,
nyt, "what's behind a pitch for the
little-guy investor? big money interests") is this what one calls a
false-flag operation by corporate america to order to avoid bod accountability?
regulations to allow shareholder nomination of prospective bod members and
access to the proxy statement could solve the bod accountability problem. but,
the sec has known that for at least 18 years when the committee vigorously
solicited the sec's assistance —
to not avail. 






  
       
g.       
unworkable
purported safeguards

 

                  
1.   
director "independence" is a myth

 

       
legislative and regulatory attempts to define "independence" of directors are for public consumption, but are
ineffective in curing conflicts of interest and ceo undue influence.  

 

       
"the new york stock exchange hopes to make it
easier for corporate directors to meet the big board's new independence
requirements -- even before those rules are fully in place. … [t]he nyse tried
to revise the rules quietly, without seeking public comment on them. 
…  even before the sec
approved the nyse's new rules, the exchange loosened its definition of who
constituted an independent director.  originally,
for instance, the nyse would have required companies to look back five years to
see if directors had any conflicts of interest that might jeopardize their
independence.  under the adopted
rules, the exchange only requires a three year look-back period. 
now, the exchange is trying to loosen those rules further. … [t]he nyse
proposed that independent directors be allowed to have closer ties to their
companies' auditor than it currently would permit.  as the rules currently stand, directors would not be
considered independent if they worked for the company's auditing firm in the
last three years or if their 'immediate family members' worked for the company's
auditing firm in the last three years.  the
rules consider spouses, parents, children, siblings, in-laws and anyone who
shares the director's home, other than a domestic employee, an immediate family
member.  but under the proposed
revisions, most of which will go into effect immediately if the sec approves
them, the nyse would only look back three years to see if the director or his
immediate family member actually worked on their own company's audit. 
even if a director or family member was a partner with or employed by the
company's audit firm in the past three years, they could still be considered
independent under the revised rules, as long as they themselves didn't work on
the audit.  further, the nyse
narrowed the definition of who constitutes a family member. 
if the sec approves the changes, the nyse would only consider spouses,
minor children or adult children sharing a home with directors to constitute
their immediate family. (thestreet.com, 9/9/04, "nyse's independence end-around puzzles onlookers") 
if the definition of "independent" might cause some unemployment to
fellow members of the director-class, the definition will be changed.
       
"the new york stock exchange is preparing to put more heat on listed
companies to explain how they decide who can be called an 'independent'
director. ... [t]he nyse's current rules have too many loopholes. 
investors have been troubled by various ties between directors and their family
members and the companies where they serve --- only to hear with dismay from
officials explaining that they are complying with nyse standards. ... under the
proposed nyse rule, the company would have to explain why the relationship is
immaterial and thus doesn't taint the director's independence."  (wsj,
12/8/06, "nyse seeks tighter standards for listing independent
directors")  what can one do if one doesn't agree with the
explanation?

 

       
"wells fargo & co.
plunked down $1.5 million for a piece of land in a fast-growing denver
suburb where the bank wanted to build a branch. one beneficiary was wells fargo
director  richard d. mccormick… (who) owned 25% of the limited liability
company that held the two-acre plot…. because that company sold the land to
wells, mr. mccormick was no longer considered an independent director of the
bank under internal revenue service rules. it also put him in conflict with
wells's own independence guidelines. yet mr. mccormick remains independent for
purposes of sitting on the bank's board…. most companies, however, keep mum
about such relationships unless they determine those dealings to impinge upon a
director's independence. …[f]inancial ties between directors and corporate
executives remain common and don't necessarily cost directors their coveted
independent status. … defining director 'independence' is part of the issue.
rules governing what constitutes independence vary among regulators and
exchanges. … wells fargo concluded that mr. mccormick's passive role in the
llc, as well as the fair price wells fargo paid for the land, meant the
deal 'would not impair his ability to exercise independent judgment' on
behalf of shareholders…."  (wsj,
6/29/06, "directors' financial ties test rules disclosures raise concerns
about independent status; wells fargo's land deal")  did wells fargo
submit mccormick to an adversary proceeding where the issues of "fair
price" and "impair his ability" were determined by an
"independent" finder of fact?  nope. 
the ceo may have said a blessing the issues and they disappeared.

 

       
"hollinger international inc. invested in a venture-capital
fund and a conservative magazine linked to outside directors richard n. perle
and henry a. kissinger, raising new questions about the board's
independence in the wake of a widening financial scandal. ...  there isn't
any indication ... of ... anything illegal. ...[t]he payments highlight the 
subtle financial relationships between companies and otherwise independent
directors.  and the payments take on a starker light in the wake of
investor accusations that the board stood by while hollinger made large payments
to lord black, who resigned as ceo last month....while the board says that it
didn't approve the $15.6 million payment (to the ceo and others), the fee was disclosed in
a march 2002 sec filing that said the payment had been approved by the
board.  the board didn't dispute that until investigators started looking
into the payments. ... along with financial investments, hollinger also made
contributions to political causes linked directly to directors." (wsj,
12/3/03, "hollinger's investments are linked to board's perle and kissinger") 
hollinger's sec 10k [3/28/02] filing states, "the company's independent
directors have approved the terms of these payments." [emphasis added.] 
that sec filing contains the signatures of messrs. perle and kissinger and
others.  "in the 1990's, mr. kissinger, mr. perle and mr. andreas all
served as directors at the times when they were also getting paid (by the
company) for their advice to lord black. ... mr. perle ... also served as
chairman or co-chairman of hollinger digital, a unit of the parent
company...  in that capacity, he was paid $300,000 a year and $2 million in
bonuses..., figures that have not previously been disclosed." (nyt,
12/22/03, "friendship and business blur in the world of media baron")
"[t]op executives 'looted' the publisher of at least $300 million, in part
by approving the sale of newspaper operations for as little as $1, an investor
lawsuit contends.  the lawsuit filed by cardinal value equity partners says
the board and its audit committee often granted approval of transactions relying
only on assurances from executives who stood to personally benefit from the
deals, with no outside evaluation."  (chicago tribune, 1/3/04,
"lawsuit: hollinger approved bargain deals")  "in
1999 … hollinger international inc. bought a profitable weekly newspaper …
for $1.75 million.  less than two
years later, hollinger sold the paper.  the
price: $1.  the buyer was … lord
black and his second-in-command. … directors, who approved the deal
retroactively, were told that the paper had lost $70,000 in the previous year
… and that no one else was interested in buying the paper…. 
in the month after the deal closed, the mammoth times earned $119,700…. 
the board was not aware of the earnings…." 
(wsj, 1/30/04, "behind paper sales, lord black played a double role") 
this information comes to us under the category of "how dumb can
they come?"  one would expect
that the bod would demand certain information. 
why was management seeking the bod's approval only after the deal
closed?  what caused a profitable
newspaper to become unprofitable in less than 2 years? 
what efforts had management been making to cure the situation? 
why were those efforts, if any, unsuccessful? 
why did members of the management team believe that they could not turn around
the paper as members of management, but could do so if they owned the
paper directly?  what were their
expectations of personal gain?  what
efforts were made to seek other buyers?  what, if anything, was the result of
each of those efforts?  
       
"the report characterizes hollinger
international's directors as being asleep at the switch for years...."
(wsj, 8/31/04, "hollinger board faces criticism in coming report") 
"the report, released yesterday, harshly criticizes some directors but
essentially clears others, saying they were entitled to assume that others were
paying attention to what was going on. … the report lets most of the directors
off with little more than a mild rebuke for not having shown much curiosity in
how the business was run." (nyt, 9/1/04, "misdirected: the trouble
with hollinger's board")  "members of the audit committee come under
particular fire. its members - ms. (marie-josée) kravis, an economist and wife of the
financier henry kravis; the former illinois governor,  james r. thompson; and

richard r. burt, a former ambassador to germany, were 'ineffective and
careless,' the report stated." (nyt, 9/1/04, "hollinger files stinging
report on ex-officials")  the lesson is that one need not be an
independent thinker to be legally classified as "independent," and to
collect the big bucks.   
       
"issuing his first public statements since
being heavily criticized in an internal report for rubber-stamping transactions
that company investigators say led to the plundering of the company, mr. perle
now says he was duped by his friend and business colleague. … lord black
approved plans that ultimately earned mr. perle more than $5 million - including
a bonus formula that rewarded mr. perle for the successful investments he placed
on behalf of a subsidiary of hollinger but did not subtract for the losers. …
the report said that mr. perle told the committee he often signed documents
without reading them, and it singled him out among the directors for conflicts
of interest. … from his vacation home in southern france late friday....
perle said that he was misled."  (nyc,
9/6/04, "under attack, director says hollinger's black misled him") 
directors do not bite a hand while it's feeding them. 
it is another story of what happens when the feeding stops.

"the securities and exchange commission has warned a former pentagon
adviser,  richard n. perle, that it might sue him for his role in the suspected
looting of hollinger international, the media company once controlled by conrad
m. black.  … mr. perle said that he
never profited from the deals." (bloomberg news, 3/24/05, "hollinger
director warned")
       
"unfortunately, most members of the board also saw hollinger as (conrad m.)
black's company. they weren't selected by institutional shareholders for
board seats, they were selected by black. black was infinitely skilled in
reinforcing the aura that he, not the board, had ultimate responsibility for
decisions at hollinger. board members knew that … black named every board
member, and was free to replace anyone who disagreed with him. no shrinking
violet, black would not hesitate to push the board wherever he wanted them to
go. … as a group, the hollinger board (and particularly the audit committee)
was not alert and didn't notice when black and (f. david)  radler were driving
their bloated fee requests past them. .. [t]hey should have been concerned that
the total amounts paid to black and radler under one pretext or another
represented essentially 100% of the company’s adjusted net income for seven
years. this financial fact raised the possibility that black and radler were
violating their fiduciary duties on a massive scale. … black's ultimate
control couldn’t eliminate the requirements of 

delaware law that the business of a company be managed by a board of directors. …
black called the shots, and he wanted a board filled with prominent people who
wouldn’t make waves. black got what he wanted…."  report
of investigation by the special committee of the board of directors of hollinger
international inc. (august 30, 2004) (we have linked to our annotated
pdf searchable copy of the report of investigation.)
       
"hollinger international   inc. shareholders … are gearing up for a
fight to overhaul the company's board of directors….  shareholders
say that … board members have been slow to resolve the legal battles created
by the ouster two years ago of former chairman and chief executive conrad black,
who faces civil-fraud charges by the securities and exchange commission for
allegedly diverting funds from the company. … shareholders say they are
worried that the directors, many of whom were appointed by mr. black, may have
their own reasons for stalling. … the board's audit committee was criticized
for its lax oversight in a 2004 company report on mr. black's financial dealings
at the company, because the audit committee approved the bulk of the payments to
mr. black. shareholders are pressing the company to present a fresh slate
of directors at its annual meeting in january."  (wsj,
11/11/05, "hollinger holders prepare to revamp board, pay plan") 
does a shareholder "press" by asking the current directors to,
pretty-please, nominate other director-candidates to replace themselves? 
if the shareholders believe that the current directors are conflicted and
less than competent, how can the shareholders reasonably trust them to effect
such selections? 
what would/could the shareholders do if the current directors prefer to
stay in their cushy chairs and prevent a more detailed investigation of their
past actions (or lack thereof)?
       
"the securities and exchange commission has notified three high-profile
current and former directors of hollinger international inc. that they may be
sued for failing to spot fraud that senior executives of the newspaper company
are suspected of committing. the notices were issued to james r. thompson,
richard r. burt and marie-josée kravis…. the three directors made up
hollinger's audit committee from 1998 to october 2003…. mr. thompson is a
former governor of illinois
 and a partner with the law firm of winston & strawn; mr. burt is a former 
united states
 ambassador to germany; and mrs. kravis is the wife of the financier henry r. kravis and a member of
the boards of the ford motor company and iac/interactivecorp. … if the
s.e.c. does file a civil suit against mr. thompson, mr. burt and mrs. kravis, it
would be an unusual attempt to hold independent directors to account for not
being vigilant enough about a suspected fraud. … the hollinger special
committee report, written under the direction of richard c. breeden, a former
s.e.c. chairman, … depicted mr. thompson, the audit committee chairman, as too
trusting of lord black and mr. radler, and mr. burt and mrs. kravis as too ready
to go along with mr. thompson. … [a] group of hollinger's current and former
independent directors, including the three audit committee members who received
the wells notices, agreed to settle a shareholder lawsuit against them for $50
million." (nyt, 12/16/05, "s.e.c. puts 3 hollinger directors on
notice")  that's a big "if"!  shareholders might hope
that, if the sec does bring a civil action, it will seek meaningful remedies.
       
"hollinger international's board was once known for celebrity
directors, including former secretary of state henry kissinger and former
assistant secretary of defense richard perle. … [t]he board has gained
notoriety for lax oversight. … [t]he legal costs of the board's somnolence are
coming back to haunt hollinger. … (whose) directors, most of whom have since
left. … according to the company's recent sec filing: 'the following legal
fees have been advanced on behalf of directors and executive officers who served
as such in fiscal year 2005: [conrad] black $4,320,420; [barbara] amiel black
$857,235; [richard] burt $692,538; [dan] colson $552,308; [henry] kissinger
$56,579; [shmuel] meitar $159,920; [richard] perle $4,655,491 and [james]
thompson $173,339.'  the company says
it will submit bills to its insurer to get reimbursed for the legal fees."
(wsj, 5/13/06, "big legal bills are attached to big names in hollinger
pact, but insurer will see the tab")  what
are the odds that hollinger’s insurer will seek to recoup its losses from the
former directors?  most likely, the
insurance company will raise its d&o premiums to hollinger in order to
recoup those losses/expenses and, shareholder assets will be taxed.
       
"the securities and exchange commission has notified former defense
department adviser richard perle that
regulators won't bring charges against him in connection with a case involving
his service as a hollinger international inc. board member. … mr. perle served
on the executive committee of hollinger international from 1994 to 2003, along
with former hollinger chairman conrad black and former hollinger chief operating
officer david radler.  the sec filed
civil-fraud charges against messrs. black and radler in 2004, accusing them of
engaging in undisclosed transactions that benefited them but hurt the
newspaper-publishing company. …  a
2004 report for hollinger international's board found that mr. perle 'repeatedly
breached his fiduciary duties as a member of the executive committee' by failing
to evaluate several consent forms that authorized many of the
transactions." (wsj, 10/24/06, "sec won't charge perle in hollinger
board probe")  it will be much harder to walk on the civil side!




  
  

       
directors
may not be "independent" when they have their own financial interests to
serve and cronyism is rampant. 
further, directors change governance rules relating to age to suit
their own needs and appoint fellow directors without a shareholder vote.  "as
the coca-cola company searches for a new chairman and chief executive,
some investors and analysts are as concerned with who is doing the looking….
the selection committee is so dominated by longtime insiders - on the panel are warren
e. buffett, chairman of berkshire hathaway … and donald r. keough,
a former coke president.... …  'it's
cronyism,' said marc greenberg, an analyst at deutsche bank. … the
concern, he said, is that the selection committee 'is run by 75-year-old
guys that are out of touch.'  james
b. williams, a coke director since 1979 and a search committee member, says
that although the panel members are 'close,' they frequently consult with
other directors.  … 
coke's most influential directors have long dominated both the finance
and management development committees…. in addition to mr. keough, mr. buffett
and mr. williams, the panel includes herbert a. allen, chief executive of
allen & company, the investment firm; james d. robinson iii,
co-founder and general partner of rre ventures and chairman of rre investors;
and barry diller, chairman of interactivecorp, an online services
company. mr. diller, who joined in 2002, is the only panel member who has been
on the board less than 15 years. … mr. keough, who heads the nominating panel,
is also the chairman of mr. allen's company and sits on the board of
interactivecorp and berkshire hathaway.  …
the directors also do quite a bit of business with coke. 
for example, the mclane company, which is part of the berkshire hathaway
conglomerate of mr. buffett, bought $103.9 million of fountain syrup in 2003 and
received $11 million in agency commissions relating to the sale of coke
products, according to coke's proxy.  even
so, mr. buffett is what coke calls an 'independent director.' 
mr. allen, mr. keough and donald mchenry, president and owner of the irc
group, a consulting firm, are not independent directors because of business
deals or consulting agreements with the company. … [c]orporate governance
experts say coke … should be concerned about the ties among panel members.
…  last month, coke lifted its
requirement that directors not stand for re-election after age 74, and it
appointed mr. keough, 77.  corporate
governance advocates say appointing mr. keough without allowing shareholders to
vote smacks of bad practices, although many companies name their directors this
way." (nyt, 3/20/04, "analysts question value of coke's old  
further, directors change governance rules relating to age to suit
their own needs and appoint fellow directors without a shareholder vote.  "as
the coca-cola company searches for a new chairman and chief executive,
some investors and analysts are as concerned with who is doing the looking….
the selection committee is so dominated by longtime insiders - on the panel are warren
e. buffett, chairman of berkshire hathaway … and donald r. keough,
a former coke president.... …  'it's
cronyism,' said marc greenberg, an analyst at deutsche bank. … the
concern, he said, is that the selection committee 'is run by 75-year-old
guys that are out of touch.'  james
b. williams, a coke director since 1979 and a search committee member, says
that although the panel members are 'close,' they frequently consult with
other directors.  … 
coke's most influential directors have long dominated both the finance
and management development committees…. in addition to mr. keough, mr. buffett
and mr. williams, the panel includes herbert a. allen, chief executive of
allen & company, the investment firm; james d. robinson iii,
co-founder and general partner of rre ventures and chairman of rre investors;
and barry diller, chairman of interactivecorp, an online services
company. mr. diller, who joined in 2002, is the only panel member who has been
on the board less than 15 years. … mr. keough, who heads the nominating panel,
is also the chairman of mr. allen's company and sits on the board of
interactivecorp and berkshire hathaway.  …
the directors also do quite a bit of business with coke. 
for example, the mclane company, which is part of the berkshire hathaway
conglomerate of mr. buffett, bought $103.9 million of fountain syrup in 2003 and
received $11 million in agency commissions relating to the sale of coke
products, according to coke's proxy.  even
so, mr. buffett is what coke calls an 'independent director.' 
mr. allen, mr. keough and donald mchenry, president and owner of the irc
group, a consulting firm, are not independent directors because of business
deals or consulting agreements with the company. … [c]orporate governance
experts say coke … should be concerned about the ties among panel members.
…  last month, coke lifted its
requirement that directors not stand for re-election after age 74, and it
appointed mr. keough, 77.  corporate
governance advocates say appointing mr. keough without allowing shareholders to
vote smacks of bad practices, although many companies name their directors this
way." (nyt, 3/20/04, "analysts question value of coke's old guard") 
"until the end of last year, mr.
(former u.s. senator and current coke director sam) nunn was a
member of the law firm king & spaulding llp, which earned about $13.8
million from coke for legal services." (wsj, 4/13/04, "calpers
withholds votes for directors at coke, citigroup")  "mr. keough
is a childhood friend of mr. buffett...." (wsj, 5/4/04, "behind coke
ceo search, a struggle on strategy")  "coke has been overseen by
a mostly old-boys club of directors that one corporate governance expert calls
the 'coca-cola keiretsu' because it so resembles the web of interlocking
relationships typical of corporate boards in japan. ... (douglas) ivester had
alienated ... some big bottlers, including coca-cola enterprises (on whose board
sat warren buffett's son howard). ... in early december 1999 ... ivester was
met at a chicago airport by warren buffett and herbert allen, who delivered a
bombshell.  they had lost confidence in his leadership.  ivester
agreed to retire, assuming that the two coke directors represented the whole
board...  but at a special board meeting ... ivester's departure came as
such a shock that board members asked if he was sick or if something horrible
had happened at the company they weren't aware of, and were angry that he would
walk out with the company in turmoil.  ... ivester was out, but bad
feelings in the boardroom lingered for years. ... in 2001, allen & co. gave
coke advice to the tune of $3.5 million; in 2002 allen's various interest got
$2.75 million, and last year an allen affiliate, one in which his son and
keough's are both principals, received some $10 million. ... in the three-way
bidding for quaker, coke, represented by allen & co., offered the sweetest
deal.... somebody computed that roughly $28 million would go to allen &
co."  (fortune, 5/31/04, "coca-cola --- the real story ---
how did coca-cola's management go from first-rate to farcical in six years? 
tommy the barber knows")  if buffett and allen exceeded their
authority to cause ivester to resign; the rest of the bod should have stood up
to buffett and allen and asked for their resignations.  they satisfied
their fiduciary duties to shareholders by having "bad feelings ... for
years."  on the other hand, buffett and allen are cool guys to be
around, and the shareholders of coca-cola might never learn of  what really
occurred.  also, if the shareholders do eventually learn the truth, there
is nothing they could do about it.

 

       
"mbna, the largest independent credit card lender in the world, is
revamping its board of directors, but … one director … is  benjamin
civiletti,
a former u.s. attorney general, whose law firm does work for mbna.  another
is  james berick, a retired lawyer who is a longtime adviser to the lerner family
- and the godfather of  randolph lerner, who became chairman of mbna after his
father died in late 2002.  berick,
70, was a partner in a law firm, squire, sanders dempsey, which provides legal
services to mbna.  his son, daniel,
is a partner with the firm and serves as the lerner family's lawyer.  
despite berick's close ties to the lerner family and his former law
firm's business relationship with the company, mbna said in its proxy that the
board had decided that he and civiletti were independent according to the
standards set by the new york stock exchange. (it did not mention that berick is
randolph lerner's godfather.) …  mbna
should have disclosed in its proxy that berick is randolph lerner's godfather.
omitting that fact … violated the spirit of the new york stock exchange's
requirement that boards spell out the factors they considered in judging a
director's independence.  mbna also
did not mention is that berick and alfred lerner's daughter, nancy lerner beck,
are two of the four trustees of town country trust, a real estate investment
company that shares offices with mbna in new york. the lerner family foundation
owns about 11 percent of town country trust, according to its proxy statement."
(nyt, 4/8/04, "firm not moving fast enough to name independent directors") 
"berick … was alfred lerner's college
roommate…. berick retired from squire sanders & dempsey, a cleveland law
firm, in 2002.  berick's son,
daniel, remains as a partner at the firm, which counts mbna among its clients.
james berick was chairman of mbna's compensation committee, which set the pay
for lerner and co-founder charles m. cawley. 
cawley, who retired in december, received total compensation of $45.5
million last year, putting him at the top of the list for ceo pay, according to
a recent survey by bloomberg news.  lerner
received total pay of $51.8 million in 2001, his last full year with the
company.  civiletti
... is chairman of a washington law firm, venable
llp, which works for mbna.  civiletti's
son, andrew, also a lawyer, is employed in mbna's legal department.  mbna said it considers both berick and civiletti independent
because mbna business accounted for less than 1 percent of 2003 revenues at
their law firms."  (thenewsjournal, 5/2/04, "mbna adds new faces to board")  what
does 1% mean in dollar terms?  there
is a simple solution to the independence issue as services provided by law firms
are somewhat fungible.  a
1% loss of revenue should not devastate the two law firms.


 

       
"institutional shareholder services says that the billionaire investor
(warren buffet) isn't an independent board member due to his position as an
affiliated outsider and a member of the board's audit committee… 
mclane co., a subsidiary of buffett's berkshire hathaway, paid coca-cola
$103.9 million last year for fountain syrup and other products.  in 2003,
coke gave mclane $11 million in agency commissions related to the sale of the
company's products to customers. … dairy queen, the fast-food and ice cream
company and another holding of buffet's, paid coca-cola $2.2 million for
fountain syrup and other products, and coke gave dairy queen and its
subsidiaries $688,000 for promotional and marketing incentives for corporate and
franchise stores." (cbs.marketwatch,
4/9/04, "coke
holders urged to drop buffett")

 

       
"ever since joe l. allbritton took control of the riggs national
corporation in 1981, the bank's board has been a cozy blend of family,
friends and business associates. 
mr. allbritton's wife, barbara, who has no banking experience, served on
the board for several years in the 1990's. 
his son, robert, joined the board in 1994 at 25, and today is both a
director and the chief executive of riggs. 
other familiar faces on the board include joe allbritton's close friend,
jack valenti, the president of the motion picture association of america, who
has been a director since 1986 and heads the important compensation committee,
and steven pfeiffer, a lawyer whose firm does work for riggs and who has been a
director since 1989. over the years, the board allowed mr. allbritton, who
served as chief executive until 2002, to pursue risky lines of business and
maintain a cost structure fattened by perks like a corporate jet. bank analysts
also say that he lost touch with riggs's bottom line while cultivating the
relatively small bank's glamorous international operations. 
now, though, the board's vigilance is coming under greater scrutiny.
riggs is mired in several federal money laundering investigations involving its
accounts, and analysts say that banking regulators will hold directors
accountable for how effectively they monitored riggs's anti-money-laundering
practices. … [t]hese responsibilities are clear-cut and include a documented
compliance program that is regularly reviewed by the board. 
if there are gaps, the board is required to push management to close
them. … analysts and lawyers say that a board's supervisory responsibilities,
including the monitoring of anti-money-laundering practices, typically reside at
the holding company level for most banks. but riggs declined to discuss exactly
where those responsibilities reside at the bank. … six of the bank's 12 board
members are company insiders, and outsiders include people like mr. valenti who
are close to mr. allbritton or have a financial relationship with the bank. 
other outside directors include mr. pfeiffer; charles camalier, a lawyer
whose firm provides legal services to riggs; and eddie williams, president of
the joint center for political and economic studies, a washington research
center; mr. allbritton and his wife have helped the center raise funds. riggs
has also provided funds for mr. williams's organization, and the joint center
lists the bank as one of its leading corporate donors. 
analysts say that these financial bonds may make riggs' outside directors
less objective than they should be, especially when their responsibilities
involve monitoring a complex institution like a bank." 
(nyt, 4/15/04, "board oversight at riggs bank under scrutiny")

 

        "at
most corporations, new rules to ensure that a majority of directors are
independent and serving shareholders' interests are finally in effect. but just
how assiduously are they being followed? … the way the new york stock exchange
and the nasdaq market wrote their rules, it is pretty much up to a company's
board to judge whether a director is truly independent. and some boards - the
one at computer associates, for example - appear to be taking liberties.
…but the rules also note, correctly, that it is impossible to anticipate all
the situations that may compromise a board member's independence. … in other
words, relationships matter. … computer associates' board, led by lewis s.
ranieri, a former salomon brothers vice chairman, says the chairman of its audit
committee, walter p. schuetze, is independent. but this view can certainly be
questioned, given that, according to the proxy, the company paid $125,000 in
'additional director fees' for 'his extraordinary services in connection with
the audit committee investigation concerning the company's prior revenue
recognition practices.' none of the other audit committee members received
additional payment for the investigation. … before joining the computer
associates board in 2002, mr. schuetze served as a consultant to the company on
financial matters; he received $100,584 in fees and expenses in fiscal 2002. 
last summer, with prosecutors investigating computer associates'
accounting practices, the company authorized the audit committee of its board to
conduct an ‘independent investigation’ into the company's activities
relating to recognition of software sales. … typically, when there is an
internal investigation, a board hires independent experts to conduct it. since
mr. schuetze led the one at computer associates, he then, as chairman of the
audit committee, had to review the adequacy of his own inquiry. that presents a
potentially glaring conflict. gary lutin, an investment banker at lutin &
company who is conducting a forum for computer associates shareholders, said: 'based
on the information c.a. has provided so far, all we know is this: that directors
who are being sued, personally, decided to give one of their colleagues a
$125,000 bonus for heading up an investigation of the evidence against them, and
that they decided to call their colleague independent. this is not a foundation
for confidence.'" (nyt, 8/29/04, "just a friendly group of
'independent' directors")  for more on so-called "independent
investigations," see internal investigations are riddled with conflicts of interest,
below. 

 

       
"franklin d. raines ... has dominated fannie mae since he became
chairman and chief executive officer five year ago.... some 'independent'
directors have relationships that appear to create potential conflicts.  frederic v.
malek, for instance, is a partner with mr. raines, the ceo, in a
group of investors seeking to bring major league baseball back to washington,
where fannie is based. …  other
directors have connections with organizations that have benefited from fannie's
largesse. …  fannie mae's
charitable foundation is a donor to some institutions associated with board
members.  according to the
foundation's web site, it has awarded more than $500,000 in grants to howard
university in washington over the past two decades.  h. patrick swygert,
president of howard university, is a fannie board member.  until recently,
one of mr. swygert's sons held a marketing job at fannie. 
the foundation has awarded $280,000 of grants over the past eight years
to the aspen institute, where ms. korologos was chairman from 1996 to 2000." 
(wsj, 9/24/01, "mae day: fannie's now at mercy of outsiders")


 

       
"new rules intended to bolster the autonomy of corporate boards to make
them better watchdogs allow companies to count as  'independent'
some directors with financial ties to the businesses they serve and other
potential conflicts. … defenders of the rules say they aren't meant to cover
all possible conflicts, which is why they also require companies to determine
whether outside directors have any other issues that might impair their
independence. … a different wrinkle can be seen at citigroup, where two
directors on the 17-member board,  ann dibble jordan and  franklin thomas, are
counted as independent even though they had children employed by the financial
giant in 2003 who were paid $350,000 and $236,500, respectively, according to
the company's most recent proxy, released march 16, 2004.  the nyse rules
say a director can't be considered independent if he or a family member receives
more than $100,000 a year in compensation; salaries don't count.  citigroup
said its employment of the directors' children is 'not
material to an independence determination.'" 
(wsj, 3/3/05, "in boardrooms, 'independent' is debatable")



 


       
''the fight for three board seats at the acxiom
corporation, an information management company in little rock, ark., is
shaping up to be a kind of referendum on whether investors abhor or adore
entrenched and imperial chief executives.  in
one corner stands charles d. morgan,
acxiom's leader, an executive at the company for 30 years. in the other corner
is valueact capital, acxiom's largest shareholder, which contends that
mr. morgan has billed acxiom for his personal pursuits, stacked its board with
pals and spurned its value-enhancing management ideas. …  acxiom
… had used shareholder money in recent years to sponsor nascar and other
racing teams in which mr. morgan and his son participate, to lease a falcon jet
from a morgan-controlled company that has flown to cabo san lucas 32 times since
late 2001, to contribute to institutions whose trustees are acxiom directors,
and to pay companies owned by morgan family members for consulting and other
services. … acxiom's board certainly includes some big-name arkansans: thomas
f. mclarty iii, former white house chief of staff to president bill clinton,
has been a director since 1999; and william t. dillard ii, chief executive of dillard's department
stores, has been on acxiom's board since 1988. other acxiom directors include mary
l. good, dean of the 

school
 of 
information science
 and systems engineering at the 
university
 of 
arkansas
 at little rock, a board member since 2004, and ann die
hasselmo, a former president of 
hendrix
 college
 in conway, 
ark., a director for 13 years. stephen m.
patterson, an acxiom director since 2000, is vice chairman of the trustees
of hendrix.... mr. morgan has forged strong ties to acxiom directors. he serves
on the board of hendrix
 college and was its chairman for eight years through may 2001. 
acxiom has contributed
$1.4 million in recent years to hendrix and paid $226,000 to fund research
projects last year at the university
 of 
arkansas
 at little rock

. … acxiom also paid the mclarty management company, run by mr. mclarty,
$260,000 in commissions for services rendered in 2002-3. the company's newest
independent director, michael j. durham, chief executive of cognizant associates, a
consulting firm in dallas, is chairman of the asbury automotive group, a car dealership whose vice
chairman is mr. mclarty. mr. durham is also an 'executive member' of mr.
morgan's golf course development in cabo san lucas. … ms. good, the acxiom
director, spoke on behalf of the company's board and described it as completely
independent of management and rigorous in its duties to shareholders. …
but mr. morgan's hobbies and family relationships have come into play at the
company he runs. since 1999, for example, acxiom has spent $7.6 million to
sponsor a celebrity nascar truck racing team and grand american road racing
team, both of which were controlled by mr. morgan and his son rob until 2004....
[f]rom 1999 to 2001, acxiom paid a company owned by mr. morgan's wife, susie, a
former miss arkansas, more than $450,000 in fees for personnel staffing services. mr. morgan's
son-in-law, rodney ford, has been involved with three companies that have sold
services to acxiom in recent years, including cognitivedata inc., which has
current dealings with acxiom.''  (nyt, 5/14/06, ''gentlemen,
start your proxy fight'')  let's
try to understand.  the ceo of a
company with publicly traded stock spends lavishly on family projects. 
the directors knowingly allow it to continue.  the
company directs large sums to the directors and/or their pet projects, in
additional to paying them director fees.  the
bod spokesperson, a dean of an arkansas
 engineering school, deems the directors ''completely independent.'' 
that statement does not say much for corporate ethical education at her
school.



 


       
"unitedhealth's … ceo william
mcguire got a lucrative stock-options grant in october 1999….  dr.
mcguire's pay package in 1999 was approved by the board's compensation
committee. the head of that panel, new york

 investment manager william spears,
was listed in the company's proxy statement as an independent director. but
board-hired attorneys this month disclosed that mr. spears also managed money on
behalf of dr. mcguire's children -- and that dr. mcguire in early 1999 put up
$500,000 to help mr. spears reacquire ownership of his firm from a larger
financial conglomerate. how did other directors feel about such ties? …
mcguire-spears links hadn't been disclosed to them. if they had known more, pay
issues might have been handled differently." 
(wsj, 10/23/06, " a healthy boardroom is united and focused on
lending a hand ")
 



 


       
"the most sought-after corporate board members are those who curry favor
with fellow directors, not those who are active in standing up for shareholders,
a new academic study has concluded. ... the study by business professors james
westphal of the university
 of michigan
 and ithai stern of northwestern

university

 suggests that directors - who are supposed to be watchdogs for shareholders -
still are not independent enough. ... 'our findings indicate that directors who
engage in monitoring and control behavior are effectively punished in the
director labor market,' westphal and stern wrote. 'they are less likely to be
selected onto additional boards, and thus they are less likely to become central
in the board network' that exists throughout corporate america. the study, which appears in the current issue of the academy of management
journal, is based on survey comments from directors at 300 randomly selected
companies." (reuters, 4/30/07, "secret of board member success?
sucking up")


 

       
"when it comes to corporate boards and diversity, the conventional wisdom
is simple: diversity is good. when directors are too alike, the thinking goes,
they look at problems—and solutions—the same way. there's no one to
challenge prevailing ideas, or to speak out on issues important to certain
groups of customers and employees. by contrast, diversity leads to more
innovation, more outside-the-box thinking and better governance. sounds great.
and it is, in theory. unfortunately, few boards that pursue
diversity ever see the wished-for returns. many report no significant change in
their performance, while others bog down in conflict and gridlock. why the gap
between potential and reality? why does it appear to be a lot easier to appoint
a diverse board than to make it function well? blame it on human nature: as much
as diversity is something we prize, the truth is that people often feel baffled,
threatened or even annoyed by persons with views and backgrounds very different
from their own. the result is that when directors are appointed because
their views or backgrounds are different, they often are isolated and ignored.
constructive disagreements spill over into personal battles. but the solution is
not to give up and avoid diversity. rather, boards need to minimize the friction
that diversity often introduces. to unlock the benefits, in short, boards must
learn to work with colleagues who were selected not because they fit
in—but because they don't. our research sheds light on some of
the hurdles that diverse boards face...." (wsj, 1/25/10, "why
diversity can backfire on company boards")  this is corporate
propaganda for lack of diversity.  what are the details of "our
research," and the identity of the "few boards"? 
this is purely an undocumented opinion, but, in substance, describes a
bod as nothing more than a good ole' boys club.



 

               
2.    former
directors won't spill the beans




 

       
some directors resign or decline to stand for re-election due to disagreements
with the company's operations, policies or practices.  yet, they fail to
inform the shareholders of the problem(s) that they perceive and sheepishly disappear into the
night.  a director,
who leaves a company's bod, can
legally require the company to include a statement of any disagreement in the company's next proxy
statement.  however,  the director knows that a "noisy
withdrawal" from one company would prevent him/her from ever being "selected,"
"chosen" or "recruited" as a director
at any other company.

 

       
"mr. [rueben] mark had grown weary of his
self-appointed role as conscience of the board, and so had some of his fellow
directors.  ... his colleagues ... deflected his input.  ... mr. mark
walked upstairs to mr. [sandy] weill's office and said he wanted to leave the

citigroup board.  mr. weill ... is always sensitive to market reaction to
events.... the citigroup chief then made a suggestion: why not, instead of
resigning, simply not stand for re-election this spring?" (wsj, 3/10/03,
"after sandy --- slow quest for a weill successor is ruffling feathers at
citigroup")   

 

       
"hollinger announced ... four board members
had resigned following a vote against its audit committee's recommendations to
make certain management and board changes.  it did not say what those
changes were."  (associated press, 1/21/03, "hollinger
understated its taxes; board members quit after vote")

 

       
"the american international group, the insurance giant, said
yesterday that two directors, william s. cohen and carla
 hills, would not stand for re-election to its board. …  it
was not immediately clear why mr. cohen, who is chief executive of the cohen
group, and ms. hills, the chief executive of hills & company, are leaving
the board.  an a.i.g. spokesman, joe norton, declined to comment on the
reasons for their departures. calls to the two directors were not returned.  (reuters,
2/14/06, "2 will leave a.i.g. board") 
bod members could easily explain their departure by stating, "i am
just too busy with other lucrative commitments." shareholders should wonder when that
tried and true recipe is not followed.

 

       
if they spill a few beans, directors attempt to close the can when they
realize that they, too, sat silently on the bod when the dastardly deeds occurred and
that they might have some negative exposure to their public reputation.  stanley p. gold has given suspect testimony.  "'[h]e (michael d.
eisner) made a huge mistaken, the board (at disney) made a huge mistake, but all
in good faith' when the decision was made to hire mr. (michael s.) ovitz in
september 1995. ... in a case that turns on a board's duty and ability to make
informed decisions, mr. gold contended (in prior deposition testimony) that five
directors were 'unprepared and ill equipped to manage the oversight and
executive strategic direction' of a company like disney."  (nyt,
11/13/04, "ovitz fired for management style, ex-disney director
testifies")

 

       
"before going public in january with a litany of corporate-governance
concerns, integral systems inc.
director bonnie wachtel sought advice
from friends and colleagues about a hypothetical situation that mirrored her
own. all save one counseled that the hypothetical director stay mum. ignoring
the majority view, ms. wachtel didn't just inform her fellow integral directors
that she wouldn't stand for re-election. she left behind a scathing paper trail
for investors: copies of letters she wrote to the board in which her criticisms
about integral's executive-compensation policy and other governance matters are
detailed. … in 2004, a new law required companies to disclose the
circumstances -- and the resignation letters -- when a director resigns or
declines to stand for re-election because of a disagreement. …  in
a separate recent email to the wall street journal, she asserted that the
compensation committee was not involved in designing management's 2005 bonus
plan, only in approving it. … before the new federal disclosure rules went
into effect in late summer 2004, companies were required to announce director
departures after a dispute only if the director explicitly requested that his or
her resignation letter be made public. … some critics challenge the notion
that anything much has changed. directors, the critics say, are still reluctant
to speak their minds as much as they should, as evidenced by increasingly
escalating pay packages for top executives. the pervading philosophy of
collegiality at all costs is seen as one culprit -- compounded by steady, and
often handsome, paychecks for the directors themselves. … for departing
directors, it's often a tricky decision whether to issue a formal protest
letter. … as for ms. wachtel, she counsels: 'the best antidote for all
corporate-governance problems, including compensation, is adequate shareholder
representation on boards. ….'" (wsj,4/10/06, "breaking the code of
silence")  one should wonder
about the corporate ethics of her "friends and colleagues," who
rendered advice to "stay mum" and who may inhabit other corporate
boardrooms.

 

           
"mr. (ken) lay said the crisis began
on oct. 17, 2001, with the first of a series of wall street journal articles
that focused on business dealings between  enron and two outside partnerships run
by the company's then chief financial officer, andrew fastow. the
government contends that these partnerships, known as ljm1 and ljm2, were used
to manipulate enron's finances.  however,
mr. lay said that in 2001 he and enron's board believed the ljm
connection, and mr. fastow's role in it, had been proper. 'we thought the wall
street journal was on a witch hunt against andy fastow and maybe enron.' by oct.
24, mr. lay said his own confidence in mr. fastow began to ebb, partly because
of the finance chief's admission to two company directors that he had made about
$45 million from the ljm relationship. mr. lay testified that he was
"shocked" by the number. … that same day, enron removed mr. fastow
as chief financial officer."  (wsj,
4/26/06, "enron founder ken lay defends actions prior to bankruptcy
filing")
           
"judge

simeon

lake
 has been a picture of control in his houston

 courtroom during the trial of former enron executives  kenneth lay and  jeffrey
skilling…  [d]efense lawyer george
'mac' secrest.… showed a draft of a lengthy (never sent) letter to the
newspaper in defense of the company from one of its directors, herbert 'pug'
winokur. without any objection from prosecutors, judge
 lake

 cut mr. secrest off. 'what's the relevance of this?' the judge asked."
(wsj, 4/26/06, "lay lawyer tests judge's patience")  the
letter may answer the question, "what did pug know and when did pug know
it?"  further, each reason why
pug did not send the letter might reveal that the bod no longer
"believed the ljm connection, and mr. fastow's role in it, had been
proper."  if so, questions
should focus of the bod's actions or lack thereof after receiving the
information.

 

           
"some members of new century's
board were uncomfortable with what they believed was a lack of acumen displayed
by certain accounting and financial managers at the company. others, like the
director richard a. zona, appeared to
have had early concerns about whether the company was being conservative and
thorough enough in various aspects of its accounting. in one of two resignation
letters that mr. zona drafted in late 2005 but never submitted to the board, he
called new century's management team 'dysfunctional.' a former vice chairman of
u.s. bancorp and a former partner at ernst & young, mr. zona ... had not
left the board because other directors persuaded him to stay.  ...
mr. zona and some of his fellow directors did ask new century's management and
kpmg whether the lender was setting aside enough money to repurchase loans
rejected by wall street.  in 2005 and
2006, the number of mortgages sent back to new century skyrocketed as some
borrowers became delinquent in payments as early as the first few months after
taking out a loan, indicating shoddy lending practices...."  (nyt,
4/13/08, "a lender failed. did its auditor?") 
it may not have dawned upon zona, but, the pleas by his fellow bod
members may have been based upon their own best interests and not their desire
to continue to share bod creature comforts with him. 
 if zona resigned and submitted a
critical letter of resignation, new century would have been required to file a
copy of the letter with the sec and, thus, their dirty little secret would
become public knowledge.






        
there are exceptions.  some letters are more opaque than others.  here
are a few:

 

        
"the resignation letter of robert n. burt, who was chairman of the
nominating and corporate-governance committee and a member of the audit
committee at janus (capital group inc.), didn't detail his
concerns. mr. burt said only that he felt strongly that the 'strategic option we
are pursuing' isn't in the best interest of company shareholders. … mr. burt
also declined to divulge the nature of the strategic option." 
(wsj, 10/31/05, "janus takeover rumors swirl after director's
resignation disagreement over strategy prompts deal speculation; firm says it's
'not for sale'")

 

       
"it is not every day that shareholders get a peek inside the corporate
boardroom to see how effectively — or not — their representatives, the
directors, are overseeing management. that's why the four-page resignation
letter from michael p. berry, an
independent director at corinthian
colleges, is so riveting.  it describes a compliant board that sits
comfortably in the pocket of corinthian's management. … mr. berry

 was on corinthian’s board for three years; during that time he served on the
company's compensation, audit, and nominating and corporate governance
committees. he has held senior positions at harvard and done executive stints at
barnes & noble, disney and the cheesecake factory. … according to mr. berry, directors of corinthian do not see meeting materials ‘until the very last
minute' and are not encouraged to add items to the meeting agenda. 'you know for
three years i have been very troubled that the board has permitted there to be
meetings before, during and after the board meeting,' he wrote, 'where
individual board members are privy to information not available to the entire
board.'  mr. berry

 went on: 'i emphatically do not agree with your statement to me and to the
board during our last meeting that your philosophy of the board's role was
"'that it is for management to propose and the board to dispose.'"'
… corinthian's directors reject mr.

 berry's characterization of them as lapdogs. … mr. berry's letter came after he was advised that the board had voted unanimously not to
invite him to stand for re-election…. mr. berry
 certainly wins points for being so direct about his years at corinthian. but
don't expect him to be deluged with calls to join other boards. after all, a
director with his kind of candor is not what today's me-first managers
want." (nyt, 9/25/05, "ouch! a director's parting shot")



 

       
"a bombshell dropped by a departing director of xm satellite radio holdings inc. shows corporate governance reforms
have created a new breed of independent board members who are louder, more
powerful and less likely to go down without a fight.  in
a letter xm released on thursday, departing director pierce
roberts said his warnings about a 'significant chance of a crisis on the
horizon' had been ignored by the board and senior management. roberts thinks the
company should rein in spending rather than focus on the faster subscriber
growth favored by the board. his departure follows the loud exit by barbara
kaczynski, the audit committee chairwoman at take-two interactive
software inc. in january. she accused management of failing to keep the
board informed on key issues related to the discovery of sex scenes in its
'grand theft auto' video game series. …  but
some experts argue a resignation accompanied by a warning about looming problems
ought to be a director's last resort. … it did not used to be like this. in
the days before a wave of corporate scandals -- highlighted by enron and
worldcom -- … directors usually went quietly, no matter how upset they were.
… some say a noisy departure is not the best way to go unless there is strong
evidence of fraud or some other wrongdoing. they argue directors have a
responsibility to stay on the board until problems are sorted out. … in the
case of xm satellite, the company said roberts and other board members were at
odds over how to balance subscriber and revenue growth against profitability, a
situation where he might have made some headway if he had stayed on. … [p]ublic
spats with directors tend to happen at smaller companies, but each incident
should be considered separately." (reuters,
2/16/06, "xm bombshell signals new boardroom
attitude")
 

 

       
"[h]p revealed that it had
spied on directors and reporters. though (lawrence

 w.) sonsini was not involved in the spying campaign, his advice in two
circumstances has drawn intense scrutiny.  in
may, director  thomas j. perkins resigned.  he
says he quit over the board's handling of its leak inquiry, but sonsini
concluded after interviewing him that perkins didn't resign over a disagreement
with hp.  had sonsini found
otherwise, the company would have had to notify the sec. 
perkins also told the board that he was a victim of 'pretexting' —
impersonating someone to gain access to private records.  sonsini
told him that the practice was 'within legal limits,' but when disclosing the
spying, the company said its outside lawyer 'could not confirm' that the tactics
'complied in all respects with applicable law.'"
(lat, 12/16/06, " hp's board dismisses sonsini as counsel") 
sometimes, there are attempts to muffle a noisy exit.

 

 

           


"many laws and regulations have been adopted in the past 25 years to
curb executive compensation. but there is no substitute for judgment and
integrity by corporate directors. a case in point is tennessee commerce
bancorp, a one-branch commercial lender that in june awarded big raises and
stock options, to chief executive arthur helf and three other officers. mr.
helf's annual salary more than doubled, to $400,000, from $190,000; the others
received similar boosts. ... [t]hree directors had resigned. ... ... the raises
were awarded after the company commissioned a compensation survey from clark
consulting. many boards employ consultants to help set executive salaries,
but critics say the studies are often designed to support raises. mr. (fowler
h.) low said the study was 'flawed,' in part because it compared tennessee
commerce with bigger banks. ... the executives who are also directors -- mr.
helf, mr. sapp and chief administrative officer h. lamar cox -- each voted on
the raises for the other two. that seems to violate the spirit, if not the
letter, of the bank's proxy, which states that officers don't 'participate in
discussions or vote on matters relating to their compensation.' ... yet mr. low,
who is 75 and retired, says he felt compelled to resign. 'the executive
officers/directors have concluded that the board can be manipulated in whatever
manner deemed desirable,' he wrote in his resignation letter. 'i have to
question whether we are a board of directors -- or a board of directed.' another
director sees it differently. dorris 'eli' bennett hints that he was troubled by
the process, though he won't say how he voted. but mr. bennett, who owns a
tool-and-die company, thinks he can be more effective by staying on the board.
if directors think the board acted improperly, 'the worst thing you can do is
quit,' he says." (wsj, 8/8/07, "how
hefty pay raises undid an insular board") 
what could bennett do to "be more effective by staying on the
board"?
 

 

 

           
"the structure of our board also has a number of concerns for me. all of us
except austin and shawn fall into some interconnected web. while the web passes
sec muster, i believe that the tightness of that interconnected web may well be
getting in the way of impartial board oversight. it is also worth noting that
there are the 'in-town' and 'out of town' board members. i have often wondered
how much gets decided by the in-towners before the out of towners arrive."  (2/3/09,
memorandum from thomas w. hallagan, amsf 8-k)



  

           
"a prominent director at wellcare
health plans inc. resigned wednesday and raised questions about accounting
practices at the medicare and medicaid company. regina herzlinger, the head of the board's audit committee and a
professor of business administration at 

harvard

business

school, said internal audits found wellcare overbilled.... ms. herzlinger said those
problems, which the company corrected last year and this year after an internal
auditor discovered them, are evidence of weak accounting. ms. herzlinger said
she had hoped to provide oversight, as chairwoman of the audit committee, but
that the board didn't renominate her for re-election at this year's annual
shareholder meeting. she alleges that the board forced her out for asking
questions about accounting problems and corporate governance. wellcare said good
corporate-governance practices require it to bring in new board members
periodically to provide a fresh perspective. ... wellcare ...  has
been scrutinized for its accounting in the past. in may, it paid 
florida
 $80 million to settle federal and state criminal probes into allegations that
it had defrauded florida

 benefits programs for low-income adults and children of $40 million by
inflating what it spent on care. as part of that agreement with the u.s.
attorney for the middle district of florida, wellcare accepted responsibility
for the actions that led to the government's investigation and agreed to retain
an independent monitor to prevent further abuse or faulty reports to state
health-care programs. ... the independent monitor, stan twardy at day pitney
llp, in stamford, 
conn., said he was aware of the issues raised in ms. herzlinger's resignation letter.
... ms. herzlinger says problems continue at the company.... a board member
since 2003, ms. herzlinger claims that a special board committee created in 2007
to monitor the multiplying probes consisted of two other directors who wouldn't
share that committee's findings with her and the rest of the audit
committee." (wsj, 4/24/10, "director resigns at wellcare health")
 the title "independent
monitor" sounds impressive.  does
one have to know someone and/or know something to qualify for such a cushy
appointment? does the "independent monitor" have authority and long
and short-term financial incentives to take action on the "issues
raised", i.e., investigate and,
if necessary, force corrections?

           
"on april 23, an apparently long-simmering spat in the boardroom of wellcare
health plans spilled out into the open with the noisy resignation of
board member regina herzlinger,
a well-known health-care accounting and management guru at the 

harvard

business

school

. herzlinger warned in her resignation
letter about the company's accounting systems, lagging financial and stock
performance, and 'conspiring directors' who sought 'not to re-nominate me to the
board simply because of my vigorous and uncompromising pursuit of the interests
of our shareholders and members.'  wellcare,
unsurprisingly, said the board ... would have been left off the nomination slate
'to achieve a better balance between technical accounting and operational
experience,' not because of her outspoken views. ... herzlinger said the effort
of some board members to oust her only failed because they couldn't recruit a
replacement quickly enough....  ultimately,
herzlinger said, she decided to resign and make her concerns public because she
worried that retiring quietly would mean the company never faced up to the risks
she saw. the decision cost her over $100,000 in equity grants, by her estimate.
... 'i have not a second of regret about that,' herzlinger told us. 'i hoped
that this letter would be salubrious.'" (footnoted.org, 5/3/10,
"wellcare's boardroom spat isn't over…")

 



 

               
3.   
current sec rules rule-out effective proxy campaigns by individual investors 

 

 

       
it is practically impossible for a director-candidate, not selected by management
and/or incumbent directors, to conduct an
effective proxy fight to replace incompetent and/or corrupt
directors.  even though company
articles of incorporation or bylaws permit  any shareholder of record to
nominate a director-candidate, companies will not place the names of shareholder-nominated
director-candidates on the ballots
that the companies distribute to their respective shareholders!  those outsider director-candidates must go through the entire
complex and expensive proxy solicitation procedure for themselves.  see, e.g.,
 "shareholders unite!" in  kiplinger’s personal finance magazine (may
2002).  management sometimes tries to exhaust a shareholder-nominated director-candidate's
funds and energy by filing frivolous legal actions.  further, even if
a shareholder-nominated director-candidate is elected, present rules do not provide for reimbursement
of his/her campaign expenses.  companies can pay all expenses, without
limit, of director-candidates
selected by management.  those funds come from shareholders' assets!

 

 

               
4.   
shareholders cannot rely upon institutional shareholders
 

 

       
shareholders, who seek director accountability, cannot rely upon
institutional shareholders or persons of wealth to act as watchdogs of
management.  "investors may think they live in the united states of america, but when it
comes to electing corporate directors --- shareholders' intended watchdogs in
the boardrooms --- they are definitely back in the u.s.s.r.  even sadder to
say, some of the nation's biggest mutual funds are helping to keep them
there." (nyt, 10/2/05, "who's afraid of
shareholder democracy?")  unlike, pension funds, mutual funds dare not
offend corporations for fear of loosing lucrative 401(k) pension management
business or an opportunity to acquire such business.

 
       
"when it comes to voting their proxies in elections for corporate
directors, mutual fund companies prefer not to stand out from the crowd.  ...
'if only one fund votes against management, and others vote with management,
management may retaliate against the objecting fund,' according to a study
released earlier this month, of which mr. (michael) ostrovsky (an
assistant professor of economics at the stanford (calif.) graduate school of business ) was a co-author.  ...
 how can management retaliate? 'it
can do so by limiting its interaction with the fund to the minimal level
required by the law,' the study found. ... the voting trends uncovered by the
study are an indication that funds aren't necessarily making their proxy voting
decision based on their fiduciary duty to shareholders, he said. (investmentnews,
6/4/07, "mutual funds herdlike in director voting, study says ") 
  
       
"to the millions of americans wondering how wall street's compensation
culture got so brazen, one part of the answer may come as a surprise: it's your
mutual fund. ... over the past 30 years, as retirement plans such as 401(k)s
replaced pension funds as the retirement engine for millions of americans,
mutual funds became the largest shareholders at most big 

u.s.

 corporations. ... 'directors are asleep at the switch because mutual funds are
asleep,' says jack bogle, retired
founder of vanguard group, one of the largest mutual-fund groups, and a frequent
critic of wall street. 'if mutual funds got together and said, 'we're not going
to stand for it anymore,' the world would change.' ... for its part, the
investment company institute, the mutual-fund industry's trade group, says the
notion that mutual funds reflexively bow to management in proxy contests is
false. ... some observers say that although mutual funds are the largest
shareholders of most big corporations, individual funds rarely amass large
enough stakes to make it worth their while to lead expensive proxy battles over
directors or give them power to dictate business strategy from the background.
... size isn't the only thing that makes it difficult for fund firms to
challenge company managers. sec rules designed to guard against insider trading
prevent funds from using tactics often employed by activist investors, such as
demanding board seats. either sitting on a company's board or amassing a stake
of more than 10% triggers strict limits on when an investor can trade shares.
such limits would pose huge risks for mutual funds, which need constant
flexibility to unload shares because their own investors can cash out on a
single day's notice.... challenging company management also doesn't mesh well
with many funds' investment philosophies.  index
funds, for example, buy stocks based simply on market values. employing platoons
of analysts to research and possibly challenge management arguments—much less
wage costly proxy campaigns—would undermine their main mission, which is
keeping investing and trading costs as low as possible.  indexers
such as vanguard, blackrock and state street corp., which
rank among the largest holders at many companies, say they work hard to fulfill
governance duties despite making these trade-offs. ...  some
analysts say that because retirement plans such as 401(k)s are a key source of
investment dollars for mutual funds, some fund firms may be reluctant to anger
company managers.... a frequently cited 2007 study by gerald
davis and han kim at the 

university
 of 
michigan

 concluded that mutual-fund firms with extensive 401(k) businesses tend to have
the most management-friendly voting habits." 
(wsj, 4/5/10, "critics say funds should do more to police corporate
pay")  the sec's recently
suggested proxy access limit of 5% ownership would allow proxy access to
shareholders who only exist in theory and/or who couldn't care less about
holding directors accountable.  the
sec and wall street are both in the same lifeboat while shareholders go down
with the ship. 

 

          ranger governance, in substance, accepted $10 million from
 computer associates and then
folded its corporate governance based proxy fight.  "the $10 million offer matches what computer
associates paid two years ago to sam wyly, a dissident shareholder, to
get him to pipe down.  mr. wyly, a texas investor, accepted the money and
dropped a challenge he had made to elect five new members to the computer
associates board." (nyt, 6/6/04, "the scandal that refuses to go
away")  further,
substantially all
institutional investors are not pro-active.  "the fact that fund
managers were nowhere to be found isn't surprising to anyone.  because
their primary concern is generating fees from managing corporate pension plans,
few portfolio managers are willing to rock the boat by complaining about
corporate governance issues." (thestreet.com, 10/15/02, "mad as hell --- what you can do about it: institutions asleep at the
wheel")  "mutual funds also generally refuse to defy
management teams because gaining a reputation for siding with dissidents can
harm their ability to get business managing the 401(k) plans of employees in
companies whose stocks they own." (wsj.com, 11/7/02, "proxy fights, rarely successful, continue to tempt
shareholders")  on december 12, 2002, john j. sweeny, president
of the afl-cio, condemned the lack of business ethics in proxy voting by mutual
funds by stating: "[a]nother conflict of interest in our financial
markets—the conflict that encourages mutual fund companies to use our money to
be ‘yes-men’ for corporate management in proxy votes. using our money,
mutual funds have bought up more than one-fifth of u.s. corporate stocks.  their
sheer size makes mutual funds one of the most powerful forces in deciding who
sits on corporate boards…..  [w]e
suspect that mutual funds vote with management at the expense of our jobs and
savings to win profitable deals on retirement accounts and selling other
services. … take fidelity investments, for example, the world's largest mutual
fund company and one of the most influential investors in the global capital
markets. fidelity earned $2 million in 401(k) management fees in 1999 from tyco.
… [w]ill fidelity or any other mutual fund company, ever vote
against management and risk a contract worth millions?"
 

 

       
"academic research also suggests that corporate boards have their own
401(k) shortcomings. two finance professors at emory
university,  amit  goyal and  sunil wahal, examined the hiring and firing of investment
managers by about 3,700 plan sponsors from 1994 through 2003. (professor wahal
has since moved to arizona state

university.)  they found that companies tended to choose investment firms to manage plans
based on the firms' recent returns, but that those managers tended not to beat
their benchmarks after the hiring. and when companies dismissed firms after
underperformance, the firm's returns tended to bounce back.  …
the growth in managed accounts is another controversial development. by signing
up for a managed account, a participant cedes investing decisions to a
third-party manager who charges an annual fee - typically 0.5 to 1 percent of
assets. that fee is on top of the expenses of the plan's underlying funds, so
the combined fees paid by participants can add up to a hefty 2 percent or more a
year.  … fees in general are the
next big pressure point for corporate boards, many of which have not done much
bargaining with plan providers." (nyt, 11/13/05, "how to make
employees take their 401(k) medicine") 
could it be that bods have an incentive to pay greater fees than
necessary to retirement fund managers who, should the occasion arise, are
assumed will vote their proxies to entrench bods?




 

       
most public pension funds are not equipped to pursue shareholder
democracy.  "specialists say the structure of public
pension funds ... (is such that) only the biggest ones can afford professional
investment staffs.  public trustees are often drawn from the ranks of
firefighters, teachers and other public employees whose retirements they are
protecting. they often have little financial training and are expected to serve
as volunteers.  most
public funds therefore rely heavily on consultants, even though the consultants
may have business ties with the very money managers they are supposed to help
select."  (nyt, 3/21/04, "concerns raised over consultants to pension
funds")



 

       
substantially all institutional shareholders, due to perceived legal
exposure or trading restrictions, have not nominated director-candidates.
"nell
minow used to think that large institutional investors, such as pension or
mutual funds, would be most likely to take on corporate governance issues. 
but the founder of thecorporatelibrary.com, an online clearinghouse of research
and analysis of global corporations, says she realized that rarely works. 'they
don't want to be out front. ...'" (edventure, 1/8/03, "investors of
the world, unite!")



 


       
''the battle lines have been drawn between pfizer's owners and
managers…. on one side stands hank mckinnell, pfizer's chief executive
and chairman, recipient of $65 million in pay since he took the top job at the
company in january 2001 and beneficiary of an $83 million pension when he
retires. on the other are pfizer shareholders, angry over the 46 percent decline
in market value since mr. mckinnell took the reins. … adding drama to this
battle is the effect that withheld votes may have on pfizer directors. … last
year, though, pfizer changed its guidelines so that any director who received
more 'withhold' votes than 'for' votes will have to resign. if
the board rejects the resignation offer, it will publicly state why. …
institutional shareholders, who vote the stock on behalf of their individual
investors, are supposed to act in the best interests of those who own the stock,
and the institutions questioned said they were careful to avoid conflicts in
proxy votes. but shaking up the status quo may not always be in their own
interest. … many of pfizer's biggest institutional stockholders also earn
considerable fees for providing money management services to the company. these
institutions could fear damaging such relationships by voting against the
company. some members of pfizer's board serve on boards of firms that are among
its larger shareholders, raising questions about their allegiances. … conflicts
of interest are not always evident, of course, but the potential for them
arises at five investment firms among the top 10 holders of pfizer shares. these
are companies that earn money from pfizer by managing some part of its pension
plan, retirement savings plans or employee 401(k) accounts. and pfizer directors
serve on the boards of three investment firms that hold enough pfizer stock for
their customers to be among the company's top 20 shareholders. pfizer's top
shareholder is barclays global investors, holding 4.54 percent of the stock
outstanding. it also manages three funds offered to pfizer employees in various
401(k) plans and provides investment management services to pfizer's pension,
from which it generated $2.65 million in 2004, the most recent year for which
documents are available. fidelity management and research, which holds 1.62
percent of pfizer's shares for its customers, also manages several funds offered
in pfizer employee 401(k) and savings plans. dodge & cox, holder of almost
1.3 percent of pfizer's shares, manages a stock fund offered to pfizer employees
in various 401(k) plans and provides investment management services to pfizer's
pension, for which it earned $1.06 million in 2004. northern trust, holder of
1.35 percent of pfizer's shares, made approximately $2 million as trustee of the
company's pension and savings plan. it also manages an index fund for pfizer
employees in 
puerto rico. j. p. morgan chase, holder of 1.26 percent of pfizer shares, generated
$750,000 in fees from the drug company's pension plan.… an analysis of last
year's votes shows that most of these large holders supported pfizer's board in
both the election of its directors and in shareholder proposals. …  other
pfizer directors also serve on boards of financial services firms, such as
goldman sachs, a holder of 0.82 percent of the company's shares; j. p. morgan
chase; and trust units of deutsche bank, which holds 1.36 percent.
representatives of those firms said their directors have no influence whatsoever
over voting decisions made by their asset management units. … shareholder
inertia may be a big factor in keeping the status quo at pfizer. … last year,
1.4 billion pfizer shares, or 20 percent of the stock outstanding, received no
instructions from their true owners and were voted with the company's board.
likewise, if the holders of pfizer stock in the company's 401(k)'s and pension
plans do not instruct the trustees how to vote, those shares will be voted in
the same ratio that those providing instruction voted.'' 
(nyt, 4/23/06, ''investors
vs. pfizer: guess who has the guns?'')



       
"shareholders of pfizer voted to elect all 13 of the company's
directors at its annual meeting yesterday, rebuffing recommendations by a
shareholder activist group and two proxy advisory services to withhold support
from the board to protest its executive pay practices.  but
two directors on the board's compensation committee received opposition from
more than a fifth of the votes cast in yesterday's election, indicating that
executive pay is of concern to a substantial group of pfizer shareholders.  …
none of the seven proposals put forward by shareholders won support from a
majority of votes cast at the meeting. but two were backed by almost 40 percent
of the vote; one would have required separating the jobs of chief executive and
chairman at the company, while another would have allowed cumulative voting of
shares by holders. cumulative voting allows small stockholders to aggregate
their stakes and vote in any manner they choose —all for one director or in
any combination.  … before the
meeting began, a small plane flew over the hotel meeting site towing a banner
that read: 'give it back, hank!' a dozen or so labor union protestors stood
outside the hotel chanting: 'hank mckinnell, rich and rude, we don't like your
attitude.'" (nyt, 4/28/06, "pfizer shareholders vote to elect
directors but show concern over pay")  
"as disgruntled investors are turning up in force at company annual
meetings this year to demand better corporate governance and, in particular,
some restraint in executive pay, the challenge to pfizer illustrates both signs
of progress in their fight, and how much more work remains if they are to get
their way. … still, even amid widespread complaints about skyrocketing
executive pay and poor disclosure, management at most companies remains well
insulated from the annual-meeting demands of shareholders. companies have long
endured protests about particular practices that offend groups ranging from
unions to animal-rights activists. few actual changes have resulted. many shares
are held by big financial institutions that are reluctant to challenge
management. many individual investors fail to cast their votes or indicate their
preference to the institutions that hold them. … in the first statement from
the floor, daniel pedrotty, an analyst in the afl-cio's office of
investment, challenged mr. mckinnell's expected pension award as 'pay for
failure.' … the pfizer meeting and a series of similar confrontations planned
at annual meetings in coming weeks, however, demonstrates a renewed effort to
make change through shareholder votes. … union pension funds in particular 'are
leveraging their share ownership to make their points during annual meetings,'
she (carol bowie, director of the governance research service for iss, a
proxy-advisory firm in washington) adds. … noisy activism during annual meetings is on the rise among union
members…. governance watchers expect similar fireworks by unions, retired
employees and social activists at several other major concerns this year."
(wsj, 4/28/06, "pfizer meeting gives dissidents voice, not votes") 
some irate shareholders are getting closer to manning the barricades, but close
only counts in tossing horseshoes not tossing members of the bod.
 
       
''but the spotlight on mr. (hank) mckinnell's
compensation undoubtedly embarrassed the company's directors. it is also likely
that they did not enjoy fielding questions from angry shareholders at pfizer's annual meeting in april. members of the board's
compensation committee had to face the fact that they received far more
'withhold' votes from shareholders at this year's meeting than they did in 2005. 
frederick e. rowe jr.,
chairman of the money manager greenbrier partners and head of investors for director accountability, had urged shareholders last
spring to withhold their support from four pfizer
directors who helped oversee the company's compensation practices. … ahead of
the annual meeting, pfizer officials also flew around the country to lobby its
largest investors, arguing that … the company's directors deserved their
support.  richard a. bennett, former president of the state senate of maine
and a member of investors for director accountability, said a pfizer executive
visited him as part of the push. 'they unleashed all their resources,' mr.
bennett said. 'the company spares no expense, largely because it's not their
money. what they're spending is shareholders' money.' … pfizer's intense
lobbying effort may have minimized the number of votes withheld from directors
responsible for mr. mckinnell's compensation. … mr. rowe said his organization
planned to focus on institutional shareholders that helped perpetuate problems
like those that plagued pfizer. the big investors he has in his crosshairs are
those who support corporate directors who forfeit their fiduciary roles by
failing to rein in outsized pay or crack down on lax governance. … to
paraphrase ronald reagan: if they won't see the light, let them feel the heat.''
(nyt, 8/6/06, ''mckinnell fumbled chance to lead'')
 



       
"aug. 31 was the
deadline for mutual fund companies to disclose which side they took in
shareholder votes at annual meetings this year. … while funds are supposed to
protect their shareholders, the sorry fact is that they often have lucrative
relationships with companies whose shares they own on behalf of their clients.
these cushy ties can be jeopardized if a fund votes against management's
proposals or directors. all funds say they vote in their shareholders'
interests. but only an examination of mutual funds' proxy votes can determine
whose interests -- theirs or their shareholders' -- funds are putting first.
let's take a tour. … [s]ome funds saw the light. putnam
funds, for example, did the right thing when it withheld its support from
directors who had approved excessive pay for executives who destroyed value at
companies. it withheld support for all of pfizer's directors because the funds'
trustees were unhappy about the $83 million pension benefit and $65 million in
pay that the drug giant awarded to hank
mckinnell, pfizer's chief
executive from 2001 until july. (shareholders lost almost half the value of
their pfizer stakes on mr. mckinnell's watch.) … alas, among big, powerful
mutual fund companies, putnam is in the minority when it comes to acting like
owners. almost all the funds that are ranked among pfizer's top shareholders
voted to support the company's directors this year. many did so against the
recommendations of the proxy advisory firms they claim to rely on for guidance
on shareholder votes. …[t]he nation's two largest proxy advisory firms, urged
shareholders to withhold support from three pfizer directors because of
questionable pay practices at the company. mutual funds operated by barclays
global investors, dodge & cox,
fidelity and northern trust are among pfizer's largest shareholders who supported
its board. all receive revenue doing other work for pfizer. … all say their
votes had nothing to do with any revenue generated by pfizer or other
relationships with pfizer or its directors. fidelity, for example, manages
several funds in pfizer's employee retirement plans. … barclays earned $2.65
million in 2004, the most recent year for which figures were available, as an
investment manager in a pfizer pension plan. … then there is dodge & cox,
which earned $1.06 million in 2004 as an investment manager to pfizer retirement
plans. … northern trust … earned roughly $2 million from pfizer in 2004 as
trustee of its pension plan. … it is thanks to this kind of large-shareholder
passivity that we have seen the biggest transfer of wealth from owners to
managers in the history of corporate america. and it is this kind of inertia that allows continued corporate wrongdoing. the
fact is, too many fund companies have supported practices that betray
shareholders but benefit corporate executives as well as the funds themselves.
only fund shareholders can stop this. … wander through your funds' proxy
votes, which are usually on their web sites. see how many times they voted your
shares to support corporate managers and entrenched boards. examine the issues
they backed them on. if you think they are not serving your interests, fire
them. otherwise, you will be enabling the enablers."
(nyt, 9/10/06, "how to find a fund's true colors
")

 

       
"nearly four years ago, the securities and exchange commission started
requiring funds to disclose their policies guiding how they vote shares of the
companies they invest in. however, a review of dozens of funds' guidelines for
so-called proxy voting shows wide differences in how much information the funds
divulge. ... more investors seem to be paying attention to proxy voting. ... the
sec requires the guidelines to be published only in a relatively obscure
regulatory filing called the statement of additional information. unlike a
prospectus the sai isn't automatically sent to shareholders. many funds now have
links to their sais

 on their web sites; otherwise investors have to go to the sec's database to
locate one. however, a few funds provide easier access." (wsj, 12/22/06,
"voting records at mutual funds: still a hard read")

 

 

       
after all that time and effort expended,
pension funds have yet to learn that the shortest distance between two points is
a straight line --- if shareholders seriously wish to hold corporate directors
accountable for their actions, shareholders have to offer serious alternate
candidates in a proxy contest.  they could start with smaller corporations
and work their way up the food chain.  the bigger fish would take serious
notice.  fear is a great motivator.
 

 

                       
a.   
just vote "withhold" is for wimps  




 

       
institutional shareholders provide a false sense of security to the investing
public when they only "withhold" their votes.  they send a
"message" of impotence.  achieving
director accountability through embarrassment is a myth.  voting
to “withhold” does not work in the real world as unopposed director
candidates only need 1 vote to win the election.  the media is
missing a very big point.  the committee's experience has shown that
institutional shareholders can run low cost and effective proxy contests even
under current sec proxy rules.  simply put, they have not had and probably
never will have the intestinal fortitude to do it.  they are 800-pound
wimps.  their effects could be more productive if they attempt to removed
targeted directors and replace them with candidates they feel are more
qualified.  it is easier for them to complain than to engage in a viable solution.



 


         
a very exhaustive recent academic study confirmed our beliefs.  "[t]hese campaigns ('vote
no' campaigns) appear to be ineffective in eliciting
pro-shareholder board and governance changes at target firms. 
instead, firms targeted by vote no campaigns are more likely to add
management friendly charter provisions and takeover defenses." 
"do
board members pay attention when institutional investors 'just vote no'?"
(august 6, 2004)



 

       
"an influential adviser to
institutions (institutional shareholder services) is urging its clients to
oppose the re-election of the directors of texas instruments, including thomas
j. engibous, the company's chairman and chief executive.  the adviser ...
is angered by the disclosure that the  texas instruments board adopted a costly
stock option plan without obtaining shareholders' approval.  it is
recommending that stockholders withhold their votes for the eight directors who
can stand for re-election. ... institutional shareholders own 68.7 percent of
texas instruments' shares outstanding, while officers and directors own 0.83
percent. ... 'companies need to get the message that reforms are out there....'" (nyt, 3/29/03, "texas instruments directors come under
fire")  "campaigns to withhold votes from directors cannot oust
the directors...." (nyt, 4/4/03, "will s.e.c. allow shareholder
democracy?")  even if the entire 68.7 percent vote to "withhold,"
when the 0.83 percent vote to re-elect themselves, the bod of texas instruments
will continue "business as usual" at the golden trough.



 


       
"experts
say that high compensation can be a sign of weak corporate governance--a warning
sign that ceos wield too much power without the proper checks to ensure
high-quality company performance. … they see a board with a runaway
compensation committee. 'we made a recommendation against electing the
compensation committee members on yahoo's board at its shareholder meeting
several weeks ago,' said patrick mcgurn, executive vice president at institutional
shareholder services, a shareholder proxy advisory firm in rockville, md.
'nearly 20 percent of yahoo shareholders withheld their vote--basically a vote
against the committee members--to protest the compensation practices.'  for
such a strong-performing company, that tally was noteworthy because shareholders
usually have no complaints when their stock has gone up. the best way for a
shareholder to take a stand against executive pay that's overly generous or not
correlated to performance is to withhold votes from board members on the
compensation committee and hold them directly responsible, mcgurn said. so far,
that's a symbolic protest--directors usually are re-elected with one
vote.…" (chicago tribune, 6/19/05, "richly paid ceos: worth a
fortune?  high compensation called warning sign of too much power, too
little oversight") 




 

       
"disney
now concedes that well over 30% of the votes cast at the meeting could go
against mr. eisner....  disney executives are discussing ways they
can play down what might be nasty results without appearing to be insensitive to
shareholder wishes. one strategy is to sell the idea that next week's vote is
not a referendum on mr. eisner, because too many different parties have weighed
in with so many points of view.  'different shareholders are using the same
vote to send different messages,' say judith estrin, a disney board member."  (wsj, 2/27/04, "disney shareholders' revolt
widens")  in other words, the message heard by the bod is that
shareholders are impotent!  "but
even with the prospect of such an unusually vociferous no-confidence vote, the
board is not likely to react quickly.... in the coming weeks and months, they
said, the board will try to assess how much of the investor outcry is from the
heart and how much is for publicity. … some disney … directors are said to
regard last week's investor outbursts as so much media spin.  this theory
holds that some elected state officials who oversee pension plans are simply
grabbing the spotlight to further their careers.  by the same reckoning,
the proxy advisers are trying up drum up new business as well as headlines. …
[d]irectors will examine which big shareholders did not vote for mr. eisner and
try to determine their reasons for doing so." (nyt, 2/29/01, "disney
board is expected to go slowly on eisner") 
in other words, disney’s bod has to try to read the minds of its
largest shareholders as there is no means to communicate with them. 
further, disney’s bod feels anyone who dares to say anything against
eisner only does so due to ulterior motives. 
the conclusion is that the bod, when confronted with criticism, will
rationalize what amounts to its unaccountability to shareholders. “[s]hareholders
owning an estimated 43 percent … declined to support the re-election of
michael d. eisner…. the mounting shareholder dissent prodded the board to
strip mr. eisner of the chairman's title wednesday night and give it to george
j. mitchell, disney's presiding director and a former senator. disney board
members hope the split of the chairman and chief executive titles will pacify
investors disgruntled about an underperforming stock price and mr. eisner's
autocratic management style, according to three people close to the board's
deliberations. …  [t]he appointment is sure to be questioned by analysts and
investors because the two men are friends and mr. mitchell has long been a loyal
supporter of mr. eisner. … since shareholders also withheld nearly 24 percent
of the votes for mr. mitchell, some of the other board members worried that the
decision to appoint him chairman would be criticized…." 
(nyt, 3/2/04, "eisner out as disney chairman but remains as chief
executive")


       
"mr.
mitchell was named chairman despite his own no-confidence vote and has said the
board would be more involved in corporate strategy.  but he has also told
friends and colleagues that he does not want to remain chairman for long. mr.
mitchell, the former united states senator, was reluctant to accept the job."
(nyt, 4/5/04, "forced to act, disney's board considers its next
steps")  "the
board also formalized mr. mitchell's duties as chairman, which call for him to
lead the succession planning process at all levels, communicate with
shareholders and coordinate the ceo's performance review.  in a statement,
mr. mitchell added that mr. eisner, 'as ceo and with the full support of the
board ... continues to have the same authority to manage the operations of the
company as has previously held.'" (wsj, 4/28/04, "disney board
reaffirms confidence in ceo eisner")


       
"six of the nation’s largest institutional investors today publicly called
for a meeting with the walt disney company board of directors to discuss and
future of the company. the group of investors --- with combined assets of more
than $500 billion, include (sic) fiduciaries and managers of the new york common
retirement fund, the connecticut retirement and trust funds, the california
state teachers’ retirement system (calstrs), the ohio employees retirement
system (opers), north carolina retirement systems and the california public
employees’ retirement system (calpers).  in
a letter to george mitchell, chairman of disney’s board of directors, the
funds made it clear they want an immediate meeting with all members of the
disney board."  (businesswire,
3/22/04, "institutional investors call for meeting with disney board of
directors”)  "despite the joint call
for the meeting, not every state pension fund wants the same thing. some have
called for mr. eisner to resign while others are concerned that mr. mitchell is
not independent enough to serve as chairman.  but all of them want disney's directors to address more openly
the company's plans for succession." (nyt, 3/24/04, "pension funds of 5
states seek to meet disney directors")  "sources said calpers, which
hold nearly 9 million disney shares, was the impetus behind monday's
letter.” (lat, 3/24/04, "big pension funds ask disney for a meeting") 
"the funds, which together hold nearly 34 million of disney's approximately
2.1 billion shares outstanding, requested the unusual session in a letter they
sent yesterday to george mitchell, disney's new chairman, with copies to his
fellow directors. … the biggest disney holder among the signers is the
california public employees' retirement system, which wants mr. eisner to leave
by year end. … in a reply released last night by disney, mr. mitchell wrote
that he previously had told three of the six pension funds about his willingness
to meet and discuss the company's performance. … but mr. mitchell, a veteran
disney director and former company consultant, refused to create a precedent by
committing the entire board to join the session with unhappy shareholders."
(wsj, 3/23/04, "major pension funds demand to meet with board of disney") 
one will see whether they have sufficient power to obtain
any positive results for shareholders.  they
hold 1.61% (34 million/2.1 billion) of disney shares.  
(it is far less than the 5% director-nominator threshold under the current
version of proposed sec rule 14a-11.)  with $500 billion in assets,
one would think that they could afford to run a slate of independent bod
candidates under the current sec proxy rules. 
doing so would definitely get disney's attention!   


       
"in
an unusual meeting today, representatives from six pension funds will pressure
disney directors to provide detailed plans on their company's long-term
financial strategy and how they intend to groom a replacement for eisner. ...
six of disney's eleven directors will gather for today's meeting.... in
addition, the funds hope the board will allow them to nominate one or more
independent directors."  (lat, 5/20/04, "critics won't be easily
brushed off")  there is "pressure" and there is
"pressure."  talk is not pressure.  what will the pension
funds do when disney does not succumb?  the six disney directors can always
delay by stating that they cannot make any commitment without discussing the
matter with the five absent directors.  all shareholders, not just pension
funds, should have the realistic ability to nominate director candidates.  "disney's board members told the fund chiefs they
will (sic) consider their suggestions for finding a new independent director,
expected to be named by the end of the year. 
but the fund chiefs said they would like to see an additional independent
director added as well. … mr. mitchell vowed yesterday to consider the funds'
concerns carefully. but he pointed out that together they hold about two per
cent of outstanding disney shares. 'their views represent their views. they
don't represent all shareholders.'"  (reuters,
5/21/04, "disney board 'taking right steps'") 
what does "independent" mean? 
how could a director be "independent" when he/she owes his/her
position to his/her fellow directors vis-à-vis the shareholders? 
"walt disney co. made modest concessions to a group of restive investors
friday, saying it would allow them to suggest nominees for a seat on the
company’s board this year. … he (mitchell) said the board would consider any
suggestions from the pension funds of people who could serve as an independent
director.  those names --- along
with others --- would be culled by the nominating committee, with the board
expected to name the director by late december." (lat, 5/21/04,
"disney directors give nod to funds --- disney to let pension funds suggest
nominees for board")  any
shareholder can suggest the name of a potential director-candidate to the bod
for its consideration.  that's a
no-brainer.  the issue is the degree
of consideration the bod will give to the suggestion.


       
"the state pension funds are preparing names of potential directors to give
to the board for their consideration. … the pension funds are expected to give
their lists to disney's board soon." (nyt, 9/17/04, "after eisner, the
disney board faces its own deluge")  does anyone really expect that
the disney bod will do other than "consider" the suggested candidates
and, then, reject them?  what do the pension funds have as a backup plan
if/after that occurs?  "[t]he board apparently rejected three
independent board candidates proposed by a coalition of pension funds."
(lat, 12/4/04, "disney critics end threat to offer slate of
directors")  far be it from us to say, "we told you so."



 


       
"hewlett-packard shareholders also reelected all nine members of the ...
board of directors, flouting a recommendation by the nation's largest pension
fund.  the california public employees' retirement system last week urged
shareholders to withhold votes from five board members who approved ernest &
young as hp's auditor and tax advisor.  calpers said the consulting giant
should avoid non-auditing relationships with hp."  (lat, 3/18/04,
"hp stock 

 option expensing backed")




       
“in the annals of shareholder democracy, it’s hard to imagine a more
compelling case against a company’s directors than those who presided over the
serial management calamities that have plagued the computer giant hewlett-packard
in recent years. ... “you really couldn’t have a stronger case for removing
directors,” michael garland, executive director for corporate governance in
the new york city comptroller’s office, told me this week. “there’s been a
long series of boardroom failures that have harmed the reputation of the company
and repeatedly destroyed shareholder value over an extended period of time.”
yet all 11 h.p. directors were re-elected on march 20. h.p. is hardly an
isolated case. ... “people are calling them zombie directors,” mr. mcgurn
said. but that hasn’t stopped them from serving on boards for what is
typically lucrative compensation for relatively little work. (h.p.’s directors
received a mix of cash and stock payments ranging from $290,000 to $355,000 in
2012, with the exception of its chairman, raymond lane, who earned more than $10
million.) ... in its proxy materials, h.p. didn’t address the company’s
record under these directors, but nonetheless recommended that shareholders vote
for the entire slate, citing the risk of “destabilizing” the company by
changing directors in an “abrupt and disorderly manner.” ... both
institutional shareholder services and the other big shareholder advisory
service, glass, lewis & company, recommended that shareholders vote against
... the selection of directors. in deference to h.p.’s concerns about
stability, the advisory services targeted only the directors they thought most
culpable. ... yet even that modest effort failed. while paying lip service to
principles of shareholder democracy, companies have fought for decades to
insulate directors from shareholder disapproval. under the plurality voting
systems still prevalent at many companies, the nominees who receive the highest
number of affirmative votes cast are elected no matter how few votes they get
out of the total cast. since the board decides the number of nominees, and most
nominate only as many as there are open seats, they’ll all be elected, even
with a single yes vote (which may be their own). ... h.p. has majority voting,
and shareholders approved a proxy access rule similar to the one passed by the
s.e.c., and shareholders still couldn’t muster a majority against even a
single board candidate. that may be because the largest shareholders have little
incentive to defy management recommendations. these days, the largest
shareholders are almost always big asset management firms, and in many cases,
managers of index funds. shareholder activists have long complained that mutual
fund and asset management companies have an inherent conflict of interest, since
they may be managing company retirement plans, or hoping to gain access to them.
h.p.’s 401(k) plan holds more than $14 billion, and participants can choose
from more than 30 asset managers. h.p. declined to identify them. in theory,
asset managers are required to maintain a chinese wall between their funds and
their advisory services. h.p.’s two largest shareholders are dodge & cox,
a large san francisco-based mutual fund company, and vanguard, one of the
country’s largest asset managers.... vanguard wouldn’t say how it voted its
h.p. shares, and dodge & cox didn’t respond to my inquiries. but a source
familiar with the voting, who asked not to be identified because he isn’t
authorized to disclose the results, said both dodge & cox and vanguard voted
in favor of the full h.p. slate of directors. (both companies will eventually
have to disclose their votes, but not until september.) according to disclosure
forms covering the period from january 2009 through june 2012, dodge & cox
supported management’s recommendations on the directors 100 percent of the
time. at vanguard, it was 97 percent. ... new york city’s comptroller, john
liu, who oversees the city’s pension fund, seized on the results to press for
change. “the onus is on the board to install new, independent directors, or it
will face an even greater loss of investor confidence,” he said. “we expect
the board to quickly overhaul its membership.”  ...
but the reality is that h.p. can do whatever it wants, regardless of what the
shareholders say. mr. mcgurn said that insitutional shareholders services often
follows up with letter-writing campaigns at companies where shareholders have
voted their strong disapproval of directors. “most of the time we don’t even
get a response,” he said.  (3/29/13, nyt, “why bad directors aren’t
thrown out
”)


 

       
"fresh from a victory
against michael d. eisner, the chief executive of the walt disney company, some
state pension officials are taking aim at the leadership of safeway, the
supermarket chain.  officials of
more than 10 public pension funds plan to start a campaign today to urge safeway
shareholders to withhold their votes from the chairman and chief executive, steven
a. burd, and two safeway directors, robert i. macdonnell and william
y. tauscher, at the company's annual meeting in may.  the pension funds, which collectively hold about 7 million of
safeway's 445 million outstanding shares, are expected to announce their
governance initiative at a meeting of institutional investors in washington.
people who have been briefed on their plans said they would identify conflicts
of interest in the safeway boardroom that they think are keeping the directors
from representing shareholder interests adequately. …  safeway issued a statement yesterday saying the initiative by
the pension trustees was politically motivated. the statement suggested that the
state officials had made common cause with organized labor in the wake of the
recent long supermarket strike in california. … pension officials from
california, connecticut, illinois, new york and several other states began
criticizing safeway's management several months ago, during the strike." 
(nyt, 3/25/04, "state pension officials accuse safeway leaders of
conflict")  let’s do the math. 
it took 10 pension funds to muster 1.57% of the shares.  "the
board voted yesterday to replace board members george roberts, james green jr.
and hector lopez by the end of the year....  [t]he changes ... came about
as a result of meetings in recent weeks between the grocer and private and
institutional shareholders holding about half the company's stock. ... safeway
plans to replace mr. tauscher as chairman of the board's executive compensation
committee and replace mr. macdonnell on the audit committee...  the
overhaul doesn't change the role of the pension funds' main target, mr.
burd..." (wsj, 5/3/04, "safeway to replace three directors") 
if 50% of the shareholders were truly united for substantial change, the
"main target" or targets could have been removed via a proxy contest. 
one wonders in what manner messrs. roberts, green and lopez were selected. 
were they sacrificed to save the others?  what input, if any, will the
alleged 50%ers have in selecting the persons who supposedly will replace the
threesome and assume the committee assignments?  what will the 50%ers do at
"the end of the year" when safeway claims that it cannot find better
director candidates to replace the threesome and will retain them and/or fails
to change the committee assignments?  in the interim, have the 50%ers
abandoned their "just vote no" campaign against their "main
target(s)"?  calpers "blasted ... the decision by safeway co. to
replace three directors but retain chief executive steven bard as chairman,
urging the grocer to dump bard from the board and the company. ...the pension
funds plan to protest the situation by withholding votes.... the non-calpers
funds stopped short of saying whether bard should leave the board or company
entirely, but said ... 'he must be held accountable.'"  (lat, 5/4/04,
"calpers blasts safeway decision to retain burd")  it appears
that the 50%ers were 50%ers in name only and rather than reaching any agreement
between the so-called 50%ers and safeway, safeway simply put a few crumbs on the
table.  how do they expect to hold mr. burd
"accountable"?  "the company said preliminary results from a
shareholder vote showed 83.3 percent of stockholders were in favor of burd
retaining his position.  six public
pensions challenging burd's leadership as inept and eroding shareholder value
appeared to have managed to deprive burd of only 16.7 percent of votes. … the
funds, backed by the california public employees' retirement system -- the
largest u.s. public pension fund commonly known as calpers -- had aimed at a
withholding vote of 43 percent. …
two other directors, accused by the funds of lacking independence, also received
majority support for their reelection to the safeway board…." 
(reuters, 5/20/04, "safeway ceo, besieged by protesters, survives
vote")  did any of
those pension funds read the prince by machiavelli --- it does no good to
wound a king!  a surviving king will seek revenge.  



  

       
"the
calpers campaign against safeway galvanized opponents of an sec proposal to let
aggrieved shareholders more easily nominate directors to corporate boards. 
the business roundtable, which represents ceos of major corporations, had
campaigned against the proposal on the ground that it would spark meddling by
among others, labor unions. ... the safeway campaign 'was a real turning point'
in the business roundtable's efforts to stall the proposal...." (wsj,
12/1/04, "gadfly activism at calpers leads to possible ouster of
president")  "business groups … are mounting increasing
pressure to get around regulations they don't like.  …
among their tactics: … •fighting sec
rules. business groups have managed to delay for months an sec rule
giving shareholders limited rights to name corporate directors if the existing
board is unresponsive to their demands.  the
move is arguably the agency's single most important corporate-governance
measure. …. •battling pension funds.
… such pressure resulted in the ouster thursday of sean harrigan, president of
california's largest pension fund and one of the nations' most vocal and powerful reform
advocates." 
(

usa

 today 12/3/04, "lessons from enron fade") 
way to go, calpers!




 

        

"this week, shareholders at coca-cola easily re-elected warren
e. buffett to the board…. what was surprising was that shareholder
activists urged votes against each man. … the move to increase shareholder
power has been a reaction to the perception that boards have often been too cozy
with managements, allowing excessive compensation while not preventing fraud.  but it did not reflect a certainty that institutional
investors really wanted or would wisely use such power. … some companies have
pointed to this year's fights as evidence that institutions may misuse the power
being offered to them. … it is time for backpedaling. 'warren buffett is a
great director,' said pat macht, the head of public affairs at calpers, the
california public employees pension system, which cast 'a symbolic vote' against
him to support auditor independence. calpers may change course next year. … in
the future, said one man who has campaigned for greater shareholder power but
felt calpers overstepped this year, 'they will not be making nonsense challenges
like this.'  let's hope he is right.
a vote against re-electing a director ought to reflect actual opposition to that
candidate."  (nyt, 4/24/04,
"do institutional investors deserve new authority?")  



 

         
"calpers has ... acknowledged that its votes
to protest how auditors are managed have been symbolic and meant more to draw
attention to the issue than to change the composition of boards." 
(lat, 4/30/04, "republicans attack calpers on activism")  what
does "draw attention to the issue" mean?  draw whose
attention?  for what purpose?  if institutional shareholders are seriously concerned with
removing incompetent or corrupt directors, they should carefully select their
targets and conduct proxy contests to replace the directors as opposed to
launching numerous "no vote" campaigns. 
voting "no," and encouraging others to do so, carries minimal risk and, even
if "successful," gains little.  



 

         
someone may be recognizing that "just vote no" will
not cut the mustard.  "the two dissident investors
of walt disney co. ... will nominate an alternative slate of directors next year
if the current board does not 'face up to the issues,' former director stanley
p. gold said monday."  (lat, 5/4/04, "roy disney may try to upend
board")  please note the "if" and "face up to
issues" are weasel words.  "former disney directors roy e. disney and
stanley p. gold on friday withdrew their repeated threat to put up a rival slate
of directors at the company's annual meeting in spring 2005. ... (their) letter
was released on the last day that they could have nominated a rival
slate."  (lat, 12/4/04, "disney critics end threat to offer slate
of directors")  perhaps, the threat caused the disney bod to
"face up to the issues." "the delaware chancery court filing
alleged that directors duped gold and disney into not running an alternative
slate of directors at disney's annual meeting the previous month by misleading
investors into believing that a good-faith effort was underway to find ceo
michael eisner's successor."  (lat, 5/10/05, "2 ex-directors
allege fraud in disney's search for ceo")  disney and gold deserve the
dopey/dumbo award for naivety. they accepted representations of
"good-faith" from the very same eisner and disney bod members, who
they previously lambasted as corporate villains.  has anyone every heard of
the "lack of reasonable reliance" defense to allegations of
misrepresentation?  now, they will waste more money and effort in delaware
than it would have cost to run their initially threatened proxy contest. 
focus, men, focus!

       
"roy e. disney will nominate an alternative slate of directors for the walt
disney company if his lawsuit to vacate the company's recent election is
successful, his lawyer told a judge considering the suit wednesday. … mr.
disney and mr. gold … dropped plans to run a slate at this year's annual
meeting in february because they relied on a company statement that the
successor to mr. eisner would be chosen 'in a thorough, careful and reasoned
process.' but in court documents mr. gold and mr. disney contend that the search
was a ‘sham’ and that disney's president, robert a. iger, had been
"anointed" by mr. eisner to succeed him on oct. 1." (nyt, 6/2/05,
"roy disney outlines his plans for board") 
roy and stan may have some problems of proof. 
how could anyone reasonably rely upon any representation of a
"thorough, careful and reasoned process"? 
the phrase is so subjective that it is appears to be mere puffery. 
how would they prove actual reliance to cease their allegedly intended
proxy contest?  had their
director-candidates be selected and committed? 
had their attorneys been paid?  had
their proxy statements been drafted? had they retained a proxy solicitation
firm?  are they required to prove
that the bod election results would have been any different had they run their
allegedly intended proxy contest?  on
va voir. 


       
"messrs. disney and gold … said they would drop a delaware
 lawsuit they filed earlier this year challenging the selection of mr. (robert)
iger as chief executive. messrs. gold and disney also pledged not to run a rival
slate of directors or submit shareholder resolutions for the next five years.
they expressed confidence in mr. iger, just a few months after characterizing
his selection as a 'sham.' … the lawsuit challenged the validity of the
board's search for a new ceo. … mr. disney has yearned to reclaim a role in
the disney empire, according to people close to the situation. he and his family
were shut out of attending a big public celebration of disneyland's 50th
anniversary in the spring, for example, and he has missed being able to visit
the disney animation unit he helped revive in the 1980s. he now is expected to
seek an office on the company lot.” (wsj, 7/11/05, "disney, dissidents end
spat, clearing obstacle for iger")  they
resigned as directors.  their initial
idea was to replace the disney bod through a proxy contest. 
they lost their way in a "just-vote-no" campaign and inane legal
action.  they,
again, threatened a proxy contest.  they spent millions, which could
have been more effectively employed in pursuit of their original goal.  are
they corporate warrior heroes or a couple of confused wimps?

 

         
there are more effective approaches to improve corporate governance than a
"just vote no" campaign.  "heritage commerce corp. ... announced brad l. smith has
tendered his resignation as chief executive officer and director to facilitate
the settlement with shareholders who had nominated alternative directors for the
upcoming annual meeting."  (financial services news, 5/4/04,
"heritage commerce corp ceo brad smith resigns to settle proxy
contest")  "shareholders have been critical of san jose-based
heritage's financial performance strategic planning and corporate
governance."  (cbs.marketwatch.com, 5/4/04, "heritage commerce
ceo steps down")




 


         
"ever notice how huge stock option awards are
often given to executives just ahead of bullish company news? … last tuesday, analog
devices, a maker of integrated circuits, disclosed that the s.e.c. had
requested information about the timing of option grants given to company
executives and directors during the last five years. in its disclosure, the
company noted that its grants in some years 'occurred shortly before our
issuance of favorable annual financial results.' … [c]orporate managers
systematically receive options at prices that do not reflect favorable nonpublic
information. … directors on a company's compensation committee typically
approve option grants, but chief executives wield significant power among
directors in these matters. … analog devices is a heavy user of options. …
[i]n each of the last five years, the company has handed out options
representing about 3.5 percent of the company's shares outstanding. … in any
case, because options handed out just before good news are essentially given at
a discount, the extra value attached to them should be disclosed to
investors as compensation. sunlight is needed here.  and
if the s.e.c. finds that well-timed option grants are deplorably common in
corporate america, shareholders should revolt.  they should vote against compensation
committee members who approve such awards or sell their shares outright." 
(nyt, 12/5/04, "in the timing of options, many, um,
coincidences") 
the naïve request for "sunlight" and advice to
"revolt" comes directly from the elementary school playground. 
is a theft that is disclosed any less of a theft?  "just
vote 'no,'" a useless procedure, is as close as a shareholder can come to
“vote against compensation committee members."



 



                       
b.    majority-vote
standard is a sham



 



        the
concept that a director must resigned if her/she fails to garner a majority of
the "vote"  is nothing but a conglomeration of weasel words used to thwart the will of
shareholders!  one needs to read the small print.  



 



       
"pfizer inc announced today that the company's board of directors has
approved amendments to a majority voting policy regarding the election of
directors…  the amendments further
clarify how the majority voting policy will be applied in the event that any
nominee for director receives more 'withheld' votes for his or her election
than 'for' votes.  in such a
situation, the director will be required to submit his or her resignation to the
board…. * the board will promptly disclose via a press release its decision to
accept the resignation offer or, if applicable, the reason(s) for rejecting the
offer…" (prnewswire-firstcall, 10/28/05, pfizer) well-paid attorneys would
be able to provide legitimately sounding reasons why the bod supposedly acted
properly to reject a director's resignation.  however,
the ultimate result will be that directors will enter into unspoken reciprocal defense
pacts to defeat the will of the shareholders, i.e., "i’ll reject your
resignation offer if you reject mine."



 



       
''proposals that would require directors to win more than half of the
shareholders' votes to gain a board seat have appeared at 140 companies this
year. … of course, how companies put the majority-vote concept to work is the
next concern. will the policies have teeth? some companies -- pfizer,
for example -- have recently instituted policies requiring directors who receive
less than half the votes cast in an election to tender their board resignations
immediately. but there are nifty loopholes in this policy at pfizer and at many
other companies: the board, in its infinite wisdom, can reject a resignation and
retain an unpopular director. … [t]he way companies apply the concept may wind
up unintentionally entrenching directors. … most shareholders already have the
ability to remove directors … but they rarely pursue such a course. under delaware
 law, stockholders can propose the removal of a director in an up-or-down vote
at an annual meeting. one institutional shareholder has proposed such a vote at
ca -- the embattled software company previously known as computer associates -- which will hold its annual meeting later this
year. longview funds, an investment trust that is a unit of amalgamated bank,
wants shareholders to vote yea or nay on two veteran ca directors: lewis s.
ranieri, the former vice chairman of salomon brothers, and alfonse m. d'amato, a
former senator from new york. both men were on the scene during a period of misconduct at the company,
longview

 said, and ca's shareholders should decide whether they stay. ca … has asked
the securities and exchange commission to keep it off the proxy. … the s.e.c.
will rule on the ca matter shortly. given shareholders' justified push for
influence in the boardroom, it is hard to believe that the s.e.c. would rule
against allowing investors to vote on the proposal.'' (nyt, 6/11/06, ''finally,
shareholders start acting like owners'') 
believe it.  the sec is not
going to rock the political boat that supplies it with funding by offending the
ship owners' best contributors.



 



        "circuit

city

 stores. inc.  … amended the company's corporate governance guidelines to
include, 'any director nominee in an uncontested election for whom greater than
50% of the outstanding shares are "withheld" from his or her election
shall tender his or her resignation for consideration by the nominating and
governance committee.  the nominating
and governance committee shall recommend to the board the action to be taken
with respect to such resignation.'" (prnewswire, 8/18/05, "circuit city
stores, inc. adopts majority vote standard for director elections") 
please note that
neither the corporate charter nor the bylaws was amended. 
the vote required would be more than 50% of the votes cast. 
the nominating and governance committee may only consider and recommend. 
the full bod is not bound by the vote nor any recommendation. 
"the proxy proposal supporting a majority-vote standard won ... a
majority of the votes at 14 companies. … ed durkin, director of corporate
affairs at the carpenters union, one of the unions that sponsored the
majority-vote proxy proposals, notes that the measure is winning more votes than
last year…"  (july/august
2005, treasury & risk management, "shareholders get more say") 
unions
and pension funds will claim another meaningless victory. 
corporations will claim that they are making concessions.  however,
shareholders will remain out in the cold.



 



       
"[s]ome contrarians are questioning whether the new voting standards have
any real teeth, especially because many companies are writing the new policy
into governance 'guidelines' instead of incorporating it into legally binding
corporate documents. … if a board violates a bylaw provision, for example,
shareholders can go to court and seek an injunction or claim breach of a duty.
but shareholders may not have such ammunition if boards ignore the new voting
rules….  the question has further
resonance given a controversy that bubbled up at news corp. earlier this
year. at issue was a poison pill the company adopted last fall amid a buildup of
shares by liberty media corp. under a corporate-governance policy
hammered out the prior month, the pill was supposed to expire in a year unless
shareholders voted to extend it. instead, this summer, news corp. had a change
of heart and renewed the pill for two years without shareholder input. a
shareholder lawsuit against news corp. is pending." (wsj, 11/29/05,
"critics fault changes to board votes ---  corporate
democracy move draws fire as smoke screen; time for majority standard?") 



 



       
"according to institutional shareholder services, a proxy advisory firm,
proposals for majority voting garnered more than half of all votes at 34 u.s.
companies during the latest proxy season. yet only a few of these corporations, 
home depot,  boeing co.,  marriott international inc. and  office depot inc. among
them, have stepped forward and adopted the measures. what are all those other
companies waiting for? … the proposals are nonbinding, so boards are under no
pressure to take immediate action. and the companies say they are considering
the proposals. shareholders, however, should insist upon adoption." 
should this be done by putting forth more nonbonding shareholder
proposals? (wsj, 9/2/06, breaking views: "majority for the majority")


 


       
"a record number of corporate directors snatched victory from the jaws of
their defeat by shareholders this year.  in
a sign of investor discontent, 93 board members at 50 companies have received
fewer than 50% of votes cast during annual meetings so far in 2009, according to
riskmetrics group inc. ...  but none
of those directors lost a board seat. all serve companies with 'plurality'
voting, meaning they can win uncontested elections with a single vote.
re-elected directors at two companies offered to resign under those companies'
'plurality plus' policies, but were reappointed. the staying power of these
board members raises questions about the limits of shareholder democracy. but
snubs of sitting directors can help unhappy shareholders achieve other
corporate-governance goals.  consider
home builder pulte homes inc. its
three directors standing for election this year failed to win majorities at its
may annual meeting. they submitted their resignations, but fellow directors
reappointed them. .... jim zeumer, a pulte vice president, says the board 'felt
comfortable in rejecting the resignations' after certain members talked with
several major investors. ... a similar scenario played out at axcelis technologies inc., a 

beverly
, 
mass.

, producer of semiconductor-manufacturing equipment. three axcelis directors
didn't receive majority votes in may 2008.... 
axcelis reappointed the directors. ... many big companies recently
adopted rules requiring directors to win a majority of votes. but these boards
also may reject losers' offers to quit.  ...
some directors stay on boards after failing to win a majority because they
believe they're valuable." (wsj, 9/28,09, "directors lose elections,
but not seats")  non-binding
voting is an ivory-tower concept designed by pinhead law professors in the
service of corporate 

america

.  it is another thinly disguised
attempt to stall real progress toward corporate democracy.


 

                       
c.   
institutional
shareholders might form groups, but companies can promptly cause defections  



 

       
"new york's state pension officials ... withheld support from eisner....
this, week democratic state comptroller alan hevesi said he was no longer
calling for eisner's immediate ouster.  ... [h]e was contacted by new
disney chairman george j. mitchell.  the two had worked on a northern
ireland peace initiative.  mitchell ... had persuaded hevesi to alter
course...." (lat, 3/24/04, "running disney's word machine") 
what new information, if any, did hevesi learn from mitchell that caused him to
change course?  in hollywood, stroking goes a long way. "former new
york state comptroller alan hevesi was sentenced to one to four years in
prison for his leading role in influence-peddling at the state's massive pension
fund, capping a downfall that made him an emblem of corruption in new york
politics. hevesi, ... forced from office by a separate misconduct scandal in
2006, apologized to new yorkers as he waited to hear his punishment for giving
preferential treatment to a would-be pension fund money manager in exchange for
free travel and other plums." (lat, 4/16/11, "figure in n.y. scandal
gets jail time") will he ever apologize to disney shareholders?


 

       
"disney officials continued efforts to win back state pension
funds....  they met ... with pennsylvania gov. ed rendell, who
issued a personal vote of confidence in the company. ... about 2.75 million
shares held in pension funds for pennsylvania employees and teachers were
withheld from eisner at the annual meeting.  ... treasurer barbara hafer
made some especially stinging comments about eisner's performance. ... rendell
said the pension boards 'should concern themselves earnings and recent
performance and, by that measure, disney has done a good job
recently.'"  (lat, 3/25/04, "eisner foes demand voter data")


 

       
“bank of america amended its bylaws friday, allowing certain long-term
shareholders to nominate board of directors, the latest major public company to
join the shareholder-friendly ‘proxy access’ trend. bofa bowed to pressure
from public pension funds, including the california public employees
retirement system (calpers). the banking giant will let shareholders that
own at least 3% of bofa shares for at least three years nominate directors. up
to 20 such investors can pool their stakes together to reach 3%. bofa had
rejected similar proposals in the prior two year, but proxy access is growing
increasingly popular. general electric, prudential financial and citigroup also
have backed proxy access this year, with the same standard of a 3% stake of up
to 20 investors holding for at least three years. … bank of america may now
face renewed pressure from pension funds over its decision to give the
chairman's role to ceo brian moynihan, despite a 2009 shareholder vote to keep
the posts separate.” (ibd, 3/19/15, “bank
of america joins shareholder 'proxy access' push”) it looks like an
improvement—on paper. it is about time that bods recognize pension-fund power.
now, will the pension funds have the cajones
to really do something? 3% of the outstanding stock is still a humongous number.
getting groups together, and holding them together, is no easy task.

 


 

                       
d.    promises, promises



 

       
the committee has repeatedly
informed the sec and the news media that it is pure propaganda that
institutional investors could  not mount effective and low cost proxy
contests.  in conjunction with serving as a panelist at the shareholder
director nominations roundtable, we presented our written statement, which
stated, in part: "there are several problems with proposed sec rule
14a-11  (1) the drafters of
the rule incorrectly assume that the present sec rules are too costly for
institutional shareholders to field director-candidates.  the cost of
filing a bare bones proxy statement is negligible. 
if there were institutional shareholder support, one could assure a
candidate’s election with less than 30 telephone calls. (2) the drafters of
the rule assume, without any factual basis, that institutional
shareholders have the intestinal fortitude to engage in proxy contests. (3) the
drafters of the rule incorrectly assume that institutional shareholders
could unite to reach a 5% ownership level to qualify to use the proposed rule. 
however, just agreeing on director-candidates and entering into indemnity
agreements would be a nearly impossible task. 
further, corporate targets can easily disunite such groups by catering to
the desires of a few members."  see, 
comments.


 
       
"the california public employees' retirement system may be coming to a
boardroom near you. … calpers is considering plunging even further into
corporate governance by floating its own director candidates at portfolio
companies.  with or without the
securities and exchange commission's blessing on a proposed rule that would make
it easier for investors to elect directors, the nation's largest public pension
fund is "strongly considering" offering up its own board nominations,
said william mcgrew, an investment officer in calpers' corporate governance
unit.  … calpers hasn't nominated
its own slate of candidates in the past…."  
(wsj, 4/8/04, "calpers 'strongly considering' running board
candidates")  the article is
most interesting in that calpers made
no statement about the supposed high costs and other purported burdens that it
may face in launching its efforts.  perhaps, the 800-pound guerrilla is awakening. 
until then, it is just a matter of promises, promises.

 

                       
e.    glass houses

 

       
it may be more appealing to corporations to attack corporate governance
practices at institutional shareholders than to put their own houses in order. 
the situations at both corporations and institutional shareholders need to
improve.  conflicts of interest and lack of democratic practices are repugnant wherever they exist.

 

       
"[w]hile
pension funds are objecting to all kinds of things, ranging from serious to
silly, some have their own problems needing attention.  here's one: the
notion, real or perceived, that if you want to do business with funds overseen
by politicians, you have to 'pay to play.'  …
 calpers says it tried to ban
corruptive campaign donations but was legally blocked from doing so…  in new
york, state comptroller  alan hevesi is sole trustee of $118 billion in pension
funds.  a career politician who spent 22 years in the state assembly and
eight years overseeing new york city pension funds, hevesi has been taken to
task for allegedly rewarding campaign contributors with investment business
while new york city's comptroller.  in 1998 he reportedly invested $130
million of city pension funds in fdg associates, which was run by a member of
the fisher real estate family, whose relatives contributed to hevesi's
campaigns. … another
agitator is north carolina's state treasurer  richard moore....  he is also
sole trustee of the state's pension funds, with a particularly small in-house
staff--just 13 people in the investment shop.  a moore spokeswoman says
there may well be overlap between business associates and campaign
donors…." (forbes, 4/29/04, "no pay, no play?")



 

       
"no
question, shareholder rabble-rousing is a good thing, and calpers … is one of
a few big pension funds … that are on a rampage of outrage. … that said, if
the pension fund itself were held to the same standards it demands of corporate
america, the board of calpers might have to fire itself. 
calpers'
13-member board is a mix of politicians, political appointees and union reps. 
state treasurer  philip angelides, a contender for the governorship, has long
received campaign funds from supermarket billionaire  ronald burkle, his wife or
his companies. director  willie brown, former san francisco mayor, did legal work
for a burkle company, yucaipa, some years ago. brown and angelides, in turn,
voted for investing $200 million of calpers money in a burkle fund. … in february 2002 calpers agreed
to invest up to $560 million in burkle's yucaipa to provide financial services
to other pension funds and unions. the calpers board approved the idea three
weeks before burkle reportedly hosted an angelides fundraiser.  in 2002 angelides and
then-director  kathleen connell, state controller at the time, received campaign
funds from richard wollack, a real estate investor. calpers committed $100
million for a venture with wollack's premier pacific vineyard the same year. 
calpers says it tried to ban campaign donations to its directors a few years ago
but lost in court… charles valdes, an 18-year board veteran elected by
calpers' pension beneficiaries, also chaired a philanthropy in the late 1990s
that solicited donations from money managers who work for the public fund;
valdes has since left the charity. … 
board
member  kurato shimada, meanwhile, took two years off through 2001 to work for a
marketing firm lobbying calpers to invest in the cim california urban real
estate fund.  the calpers board approved a $125 million investment during
that time, despite objections from its own investment staff, which argued that
cim lacked experience. in 2002 shimada rejoined the calpers board at what he
says was his constituents' insistence. … in
1999 the calpers board put in an incumbent entrenchment act worthy of the old
soviet union.  it restricted director candidates to reciting only their
personal background and qualifications, rather than letting them attack the
record of the members already on board."  (forbes, 5/10/04, "sanctimonious in sacramento")
        
"calpers invested $80 million in companies that have indirectly donated to
the candidate for governor, who sits on the agency's board. … soon after
taking office in january 2003, state controller steve
westly began helping three venture capital firms land multimillion-dollar
investments from 

california

's giant pension system… westly, now running for the democratic gubernatorial
nomination, received campaign donations from individuals associated with each of
the funds… at any given time, hundreds of fund managers are angling for
calpers investments. westly is one of 13 members of the california public
employees' retirement system board, and as the state's chief financial officer,
one of the most influential.  the
funds include: •  markstone
capital group llc,…•  perseus
llc…•  healthpoint ltd….
representatives of the three funds have donated a combined $213,000 to westly
since he ran for controller in 2002, his first statewide campaign. healthpoint
partners, one of whom has since been indicted in a kickback scheme involving an 

illinois

 pension fund, helped westly raise tens of thousands more. … calpers staffers
say board members, including westly, routinely bring proposals to calpers on
behalf of political patrons. business ethics experts warn against such
involvement, saying it leaves board members open to charges of using their
influence to enrich benefactors.  …
markstone had little track record. it had been founded only months before westly
brought it to calpers' attention in 2003. … perseus' partners have given
$18,000 to westly. … westly's records … were obtained through the california
public records act. calpers subsequently put a combined $25 million into two
perseus funds. … outside advisors were also involved in the healthpoint
decision — they rejected its investment proposal twice. nevertheless, staff at
the pension system put $5 million into healthpoint. the fund's principals helped
organize at least three fundraisers for westly. 
after being questioned by the times about healthpoint, westly's campaign
pledged last month to return $15,000 that had been contributed by the fund's
partners and relatives."  (lat,
6/10/06, "westly helped firms
 tap

state
 fund")
       
"[s]tate treasurer phil angelides … (is) (t)he democratic candidate for
governor is a self-styled crusader against corporate excess. but since taking
office in 1999, he also has collected $4.5 million in campaign donations from
money managers and others seeking to do business with the state's two major
public pension systems, an analysis of his campaign records shows. 
one sponsor of the april 4 fundraiser enlisted angelides to help kill a
far-reaching plan that the staff of one pension system had drafted to curb
corporate accounting trickery. the treasurer has aided others by casting votes
that helped direct pension business to them. 
angelides … sits on the boards of the california public employees
retirement system, or calpers, and the california state teachers retirement
system, or calstrs, respectively the largest and third-largest pension funds in
the nation. … angelides has taken donations within days or weeks of those
boards' decisions to place money in funds managed by his contributors. …  money
managers covet business from calpers, which manages $200 billion in retirement
savings for government workers, and calstrs, which oversees $130 billion for
public school teachers. in addition to profiting from the investments, the money
managers collect fees from the funds. … angelides has received campaign
donations from other pension board contractors, including law firms. …
angelides … at a recent campaign stop, he said he doesn't intervene on behalf
of money managers seeking pension fund investments, leaving such matters to the
staff. … business ethics experts long have warned guardians of pension funds
against soliciting campaign cash from companies seeking access to the billions
of dollars they control. … arthur levitt, former chairman of the u.s.
securities and exchange commission, said … the flow of campaign cash to board
members appeared to play a role in their 2002 rejection of corporate reforms
that could have required companies to more accurately report their profits. 
angelides crusaded against those accounting changes and was lauded for
that last year when 22 silicon valley business executives endorsed his
candidacy, writing in a statement that he 'led the fight' to
stop the 'detrimental proposals.'  at
issue was how companies would have to report stock options given to executives
and other employees. calpers staff said that allowing companies not to reflect
that expense in their bottom line made profits appear artificially rosy. …
calpers staff urged the board to endorse such a rule change. the size of california's pension system and its clout in the marketplace give it tremendous influence
over how such national corporate governance issues are settled. … when the
proposal to endorse the rule change went before the board in 2002, angelides
took a leading role in helping … dispose of it." 
(lat, 5/25/06, "angelides a favorite of pension fund interests"

 

       
"democracy is in the air at shareholder meetings this year. and leading the
charge are labor unions…. unfortunately for their own members, unions rarely
practice what they preach. while some large labor groups require officers to be
elected by a majority of their members--the teamsters adopted the practice as
part of a 1991 federal consent decree to flush out corrupt leaders from the
union--others allow delegates to elect officers at conventions every few years.
… carpenters president douglas mccarron
has overseen a sweeping reorganization that shifted power from locals to large
'regional councils,' which are overseen by powerful secretary-treasurers who
hire and fire union employees even at the local level…. that gives mccarron
extraordinary control over delegates … because they tend to be full-time union
employees who work at the pleasure of the officials they elect.  mccarron
…, is himself elected by delegates at a convention every five years. he also
appoints the union's financial oversight committee. … other activist unions
include the 1.4-million-member american federation of state, county and
municipal employees, and unite here, which owns amalgamated bank, a vocal
supporter of shareholder-democracy proposals. both elect officers with delegates
at conventions held every two to five years, instead of by direct vote of
individual members. … afscme official richard
ferlauto says that … union's campaign is less about democracy than
about 'efficient use of capital' … 'is company x giving more money to a
nonperforming ceo?' he says, 'or is it investing in operations and increasing
the dividend?'" (forbes, 5/2/06, "do
as we say?") 
it seems that some unions are in favor of the "benevolent
dictator" theory of corporate governance and consider shareholder democracy as
just some secondary issue unrelated to director accountability.

 

       
"tuesday marks the 18th anniversary of the publication of the magna carta
of shareholder rights. this one-page manifesto was written by mario
gabelli…. mr. gabelli laid out principles that to this day infuse the
spirit of democratic capitalism. yet he abandoned one of the most noble of these
precepts in running his own publicly traded $1.1 billion fund manager, gamco
investors. the magna carta frowned on supermajority voting. … mr. gabelli
wields the heaviest weapon of management entrenchment known to mankind:
supervoting stock. he controls gamco's class b shares. … as a fund manager,
surely mr. gabelli would know better than to mistreat minority shareholders. but
last year he paid himself $55 million… equal to 87% of gamco's net income. …
mr. gabelli defends both his pay and supercharged voting rights, saying they
were properly disclosed to investors at gamco's 1999 public offering. that may
be true. but the inability of shareholders to pressure management, illustrated
by a failed protest vote over his pay at monday's annual meeting, highlights why
a younger, perhaps more idealistic, mr. gabelli railed against supermajority
voting in his magna carta."  (wsj,
5/13/06, "is gabelli's game, 'rules are for you'?")

 

       

"a former member of the state teachers pension board apologized to a judge
yesterday for twice accepting freebies from companies the board hired. … a
jury convicted (hazel) sidaway last month of two misdemeanor ethics violations
of accepting four free tickets to a cleveland indians game in 2001 and two free
tickets to a broadway production of hairspray in 2003. … a year before sidaway
accepted cleveland indians tickets in 2001 she had accepted other baseball
tickets.... she also accepted a free meal for her grandchildren.... the
allegations came out during the trial; she was not charged in connection with
them.  …
the free tickets sidaway received were from investment consultants who had
contracts with the (ohio) state teachers retirement system.  the
jury acquitted sidaway of four other ethics violations for accepting free meals
at columbus

 restaurants from companies the pension board hired."  (the columbus
dispatch, 5/17/06, "ex-pension board member sentenced")
 

 

       
"[m]r. (ira) millstein wants 'the grand bargain.' 
instead of more regulation, more prosecution and more litigation give
shareholders more power to oversee the companies in which they invest. make it
clear, once and for all, that directors really do work for shareholders, not for
management, by giving shareholders the power not only to remove directors, but
also to nominate them, without engaging in costly proxy battles." 
(wsj, 12/20/06, "will backdating scandal thwart effort to roll back
reforms?")  in march 2004, at the sec roundtable on proposed security holder
director nominations  rules, millstein was a champion of the majority-vote rule,
which we consider a sham.  perhaps,
he is beginning to see the light.
 
       
"the affair is centered on placement agents, the middlemen hired by wall
street firms and other money managers to snag investment capital from
institutional investors. ... calpers has had a particular problem with a placement agent named alfred
villalobos, a former member of the calpers board who hired himself out to
several big investment firms, plainly on the expectation that he would use his
connections to get them business. ... calpers directors and officials accepted
gifts, cut secret deals and tried to subvert professional standards to serve
villalobos' clients. some of the ugliest behavior is laid to fred
buenrostro, a villalobos crony who served as calpers chief executive from
2002 to 2008, during which period villalobos allegedly paid for his travel,
first-class accommodations and even part of his wedding. after leaving calpers,
buenrostro took a job with villalobos. ... the scandal developed under the nose
of the 12-member calpers board (and implicated some of those members, all now
ex-members), so they can't be absolved of responsibility. ... buenrostro's
favoritism toward certain investment managers was apparently so well-known among
calpers staff that they had a name for them: 'friends of fred.' the staff
eventually complained to (bob) feckner
(calpers board president), who started the ball rolling to fire buenrostro by
2008. still, when buenrostro announced his retirement that april, feckner lauded
him fulsomely for his record of public service while failing to mention the ugly
truth. plainly, the public deserved to know the facts. ... calpers lately has
had more than its share of problems — lousy investments, executive turnover,
ethical misjudgments galore. dispelling the stench of the placement agent
scandal could take years. the nation's largest public pension fund is a leader
in holding corporate america to high governance standards. if calpers can't meet
those standards itself, it's time for the board members in charge to make way
for people who can do better. (3/20/11, lat, "stench lingers over calpers
scandal")  who can one trust when the purported watchdog needs to be
watched?
 
       
"the state's fair political practices commission is conducting the
investigation ... that focuses on executives at the california public
employees' retirement system. ... [s]ome senior executives may have failed
to report gifts properly on annual statements of economic interest filed with
the state. the list of 49 calpers officials and former officials being
investigated includes four of the fund's 13 board members: president rob
feckner, vice president george diehr,
louis f. moret and j.j. jelincic. also on the list are chief investment officer joseph
dear, former chief executive fred
buenrostro, senior investment officers curtis ishii and forouk
majeed, and former senior investment officers christy wood and joncarlo
mark. gifts, including gourmet meals, private jet travel and bottles of
wine, were commonplace.... the fund also backed proposed legislation that would
prohibit all gifts to public officials, including calpers board members. ... one
of those being investigated, buenrostro, is the defendant in fraud lawsuit filed
by the california attorney general's office that alleges that he took a number
of gifts, including a lake tahoe condominium and a round-the-world trip, from a
co-defendant, former board member alfred
j.r. villalobos. villalobos allegedly used his influence with the calpers
board to receive more than $40 million in fees for helping put together
investment deals between the fund and private equity managers." (lat,
5/24/11, "gifts to state pension officials are under investigation")
calpers has the moral authority of a groundhog.

 

                       
f.   
advisors to institutional shareholders are conflicted

 

       
institutional
shareholders owe a fiduciary duty to their investors to vote proxies in the best
interests of those investors.  institutional shareholders, in substance,
rely upon  institutional shareholder services and other advisors to inform them
as to how to vote their proxies.  "institutional shareholder
services, the dominant player in the business of telling big shareholders how to
vote their proxies, is facing increased scrutiny of potential conflicts of
interest. 
for years, iss has accepted payments both from large shareholders -- who
buy access to its reports on proxy matters and corporate governance rankings --
and from the very companies whose business it scrutinizes and ranks. … [t]he
company is the leading proxy adviser, influencing an estimated 20% of
shareholder votes at a typical public company. … the iss' recent proxy report
on ebay (has sparked some skepticism)…. 
ebay is asking shareholders to approve a plan that would increase its
pool of stock options for company employees by some 24%. … iss is advising
shareholders to vote in favor of ebay's plan. … what iss did not disclose in
its report is that ebay is a customer. 
ebay paid iss $15,600 this year for access to the firm's corporate
governance quotient service… meanwhile, in march, prior to issuing its proxy
statement, ebay paid $8,600 for access to iss' issue compass product…."
(thestreet.com, 6/17/04, "sec
cites new potential conflict on wall street")  why do institutional
shareholders even bother to subscribe to such advisory services?   are
they not capable of reading proxy statements?  do they have the time to
read financial statements, including proxy statements, of the companies in which they
consider placing investors' funds?  if
not, do they have the time to read related advisory reports?  why do some
authorize their advisors to vote their proxies as the advisors see fit or
blindly follow the advice of proxy advisors?  would it be a breach of
fiduciary duty for an institutional shareholder to be less than diligent about
voting proxies or to delegate its voting right?
       
"enter i.s.s. of rockville, md. unfortunately for the shareholders who rely on it, i.s.s. is very much in
that two-master morass. it provides corporate services to issuers of securities
and therefore receives fees from the companies it analyzes. for example, it
advises companies on how to structure their stock option plans so as to be
acceptable to the shareholders who will be asked to vote on them.  the
firm discloses its dueling services on the cover of its reports. the disclosure,
however, is less than revealing.  …
but the potential for conflicts remains troubling, as is i.s.s.'s refusal to
disclose publicly what it has received in pay from the issuers it writes about.
the news media regularly report the firm's recommendations on mergers, option
plans and other proxy matters, yet news organizations cannot judge whether the
reports are colored by the firm's lucrative relationships with the companies
being discussed. by contrast, news articles in which research analysts are
quoted now routinely disclose those analysts' conflicts, if there are

 any."
(nyt, 8/21/05, "and they call this advice?")
       
"ethan berman runs riskmetrics group inc., which makes money by judging others. now,
the chief executive is preparing to be judged himself. riskmetrics owns iss
governance services, which exerts tremendous clout in advising institutional
investors on proxy fights, director elections and shareholder resolutions.
critics say iss judges firms on criteria best understood by buying its
consulting services. following its january initial public offering of stock, new
york-based riskmetrics has public shareholders of its own. those investors ...
may complain that riskmetrics doesn't meet its own standards for corporate
governance. ... the biggest concerns: mr. berman's dual roles as ceo and
chairman as well as riskmetrics' heavy reliance on subjective factors, such as
'exemplifying our corporate values,' in paying top executives other than mr.
berman. iss generally favors separating the chairman and ceo roles and
encourages companies to judge executives by objective factors, such as financial
results and share performance. ... in its proxy, riskmetrics directors said they
'believe no other company knows how to compensate our people better than do we.'
that attitude bothers some corporate executives. 'i have never seen this kind of
holier-than-thou approach to executive compensation,' says karl barnickol, a
retired general counsel and corporate secretary for chemical company solutia
inc...." (wsj, 6/2/08, "turning the tables: riskmetrics's head
faces his day of shareholder judgment") 




 



       
''it has been beyond exasperating to watch money managers, who are fiduciaries,
vote their clients' shares in support of compliant or incompetent boards in
recent years. with the exception of some public pension funds, institutional
shareholders have uttered nary a peep about directors on the scene during
significant accounting blowups or those who dispensed overly generous pay
packages and perquisites to underperforming executives. 
the sad fact, of course, is that investment advisers don't want to irk
the companies they are doing business with elsewhere in their firms, or trying
to. the same mutual fund company that manages your retirement money, for
example, also wants corporations to sign up for administrative and advisory
services. because the companies whose shares they own for you may also be
clients they do not want to upset, investment companies are in the position of
trying to serve two masters. … [t]he  pfizer situation makes an interesting
test, not only of pfizer's commitment to listen to shareholders but also of
whether money managers will side with pfizer or their investor customers who
have lost money in the company's shares.  it
will be interesting to see, for example, how northern trust votes. northern
trust, a financial services company in chicago, owns 99 million pfizer shares on behalf of its clients, but the company also
holds the lucrative job of trustee for some of pfizer's retirement plans. in
2004, the most recent year for which filings are available, northern trust
received $490,000 in fees for its work as trustee of one pfizer savings plan.''
(nyt,3/26/06, ''fund manager, it's time to pick a side'')



 

       
"directors of pfizer inc., up
for election at the company's annual meeting next thursday and under fire from
shareholders over the pay awarded to executives, got a welcome show of support
late last week from one of the nation's three proxy advisory services.  proxy
governance inc. of  vienna, 
va., urged its investor customers to vote for all 13 of the drug maker's directors.
… [a] memo written in 2004 by hank
mckinnell, the chief executive of pfizer, urging corporations to buy and
promote proxy governance's services just as the firm was opening for business,
raises questions about whether the advisory firm's pfizer recommendation
reflects an unbiased point of view or a relationship with the company and its
top executive.  … the 2004 memo
supporting proxy governance was written by mr. mckinnell in his capacity as
chairman of the business roundtable….
called on roundtable members to help proxy governance…. founded in 2004, proxy
governance describes itself as … providing advice that is 'completely free of
conflict' ….  its founder, steven m. h. wallman, was a commissioner at the securities and
exchange commission from 1994 to 1997…. john
j. castellani, president of the business roundtable, said mr. wallman
approached the organization in the early 1990's about starting a new proxy
advisory firm. when he came back to them in 2004, they liked what they saw. 'it
met our criteria of independent, conflict-free …,' he said.  …
in its pfizer report, proxy governance concluded that the company's directors
merited support from shareholders even though the pay awarded to mr. mckinnell
in recent years, including his pension benefit, exceeded that of the company's
peers while its performance lagged theirs. … there are several relationships
between pfizer, the business roundtable and proxy governance. for example,
william c. steere jr., pfizer's chairman emeritus and one of its directors, is a
member of proxy governance's policy council. … in addition, the business
roundtable, headed by mr. mckinnell, was proxy governance's first subscriber,
buying about 160 subscriptions to its service for its members. subscriptions
ranged in cost from a few hundred dollars a quarter to $35,000 a quarter, the
firm said. …  and, according to a
public s.e.c. memorandum, james p.
melican, proxy governance's chairman until recently, represented the
business roundtable … as the firm was being created." (nyt, 4/21/06,
"pfizer and the proxy adviser")  one
is left to wonder whether wallman, while serving as a sec commissioner, and
proxy governance employed the same criteria to determine that advice is
"completely free of conflict."

 



       
"new ownership structures at two major proxy-advisory companies, glass,
lewis & co. and institutional
shareholder services, are raising questions about the advice large
shareholders receive on the election of corporate directors....  mutual
funds, state pension funds and other large shareholders rely on the two
companies for recommendations on how to vote on thousands of proxies each year.
... yet there are concerns that the quality of the advice could be tainted by
the industry's expansion and the need to generate profits. ... this year, shanghai's xinhua finance ltd. paid $36 million for the 80.1% it didn't already
own of glass lewis. the deal vexed some shareholder clients and employees of the
san francisco
 proxy-advisory firm, who were concerned about xinhua's ties with the chinese
government.... last week, two glass lewis employees resigned, with one citing
concerns about the firm's parent. one was research head lynn e. turner, a former
chief accountant for the securities and exchange commission. .... iss was
acquired by new york
 risk-management company riskmetrics
group inc., last year for about $553 million. ... the shareholder clients
worry that pressure to generate revenue for a publicly traded riskmetrics could
prompt iss to bolster its consulting services, which could result in it siding
with companies' management more often in voting decisions, they said. ... last
year, rep. richard baker (r., la.)
asked congress's investigative arm to look into the proxy-advisory business,
mentioning concerns about conflicts of interest. also, a panel appointed by the
new york stock exchange asked the exchange to request regulators take a closer
look at the industry last year. (wsj, 5/22/07, "proxy-advisory firms
encounter concerns on owners' influence") 
perhaps, the advisory firms should rate each other concerning conflicts
of interest.



  



                       
g.    exceptions
prove the rule


 

       
some smaller institutional shareholders have shown that
even the threat of launching a proxy contest can cause the directors of public
corporations to improve their corporate governance practices.  further,
hedge funds may be entering the field of corporate governance.  on the
other hand, none have stayed the course to cause their director-candidates to be
elected to the bod.

 




       
"shareholder activism lately has become a trend for hedge funds. ... in the
past, institutions giving hedge funds money were opposed to any public fights
with management.  but now, with returns low, they have discovered that such
activism can be good for returns." (wsj, 2/16/05, "highfields capital
has agitator past")




 


       
"major shareholders are increasingly turning into activists, putting
pressure on executives in almost every industry to step up their performance at
the risk of losing their jobs -- or their companies. 
some of the activism, often by hedge funds, is pushing share prices
higher and forcing management to unlock value. … 
some investors …  have for
years taken on lackluster management, while public pension plans and others have
leveled criticisms over lax corporate governance issues, excessive pay and
cronyism on their boards.  but today,
activists are having more impact because they are more willing to engage in
proxy fights to replace executives or other steps, something pension plans shied
away from. bernard black, a professor
at the university of texas at austin, argued in a 1998 paper that previous
activists 'don't conduct proxy fights, and don't try to elect their own
candidates to the board of directors...the institutions achieve the effects on
firm performance that one might expect from this level of effort -- namely, not
much.'  stuart gillan, who focuses on shareholder activism at the w. p.
carey school of business at 
arizona

state

university, predicts that recent 'activism from hedge funds is more likely to create
positive wealth effect' than past shareholder activism. 
but professor gillan and others caution that hedge funds already have
knocked down some of the low-hanging fruit, and companies may prove harder to
pressure in the months ahead."  (wsj,
11/23/05, "big shareholders are shouting ever louder --- activists pressure
executives to unlock value, even using pirate, bulldog in their monikers")




 



        "spx corp. … is the
target of a planned proxy fight by … investment firm relational
investors llc. … relational contends spx board members altered the bonus
plans for executives and themselves without getting shareholder approval or
describing the amounts in the adjustments: 'such obvious conflicts of interest
and overtones of self-dealing are inconsistent with good corporate governance
and proper stewardship.' … at the heart of the flap is spx's economic value
added compensation program. … eva bonuses for spx's five independent directors
reflect the formula used for its ceo.  each
director had a $20,000 target bonus for 2003, but was credited $97,454 apiece
– almost five times the target.  actual bonus payments ranged from $60,094 to
$60,760, which was in addition to their $40,000 annual retainer.  relational
officials believe this arrangement gave those board members an incentive to
approve eva adjustments favoring management." (wsj, 11/15/04, "spx
proxy fight looms on bonuses")  "facing mounting
criticism and a proxy fight to add outside directors, spx
corp. said its chairman, president and chief executive officer, john blystone,
retired, resigning all posts with the diversified industrial manufacturer."
 (wsj, 12/10/04, "spx chief blystone steps down amid criticism
and proxy fight")  "spx corporation … has amended spx's management
restricted stock and director compensation programs. … the board has also
decided to remove directors from its current eva-based compensation plan.
beginning on january 1, 2005, directors will receive a flat fee annual retainer
of $60,000 and 2,500 shares of phantom equity with a three-year vesting period
based on spx shareholder return versus the s&p 500.  in years in which
spx outperforms the s&p 500, directors will receive cash equivalent to the
fair market value of the portion of the phantom equity vesting in that year. 
as previously announced, the nine members of the senior management team
will forego any bonus payments for 2004, including payments of previously earned
amounts from eva bonus banks. in addition, four members of the spx management
team have elected to voluntarily surrender 2.5 million outstanding
'out-of-the-money' stock options granted to them in august 2000." 
(press release of spx, 12/10/04, "spx amends
management restricted stock program")  "the board
announced that it will retain an outside firm to conduct a search for two
additional independent directors. ...  spx's board separated the position
of chairman and chief executive officer."  (press release of spx,
12/22/04, "commences search for two additional independent
directors")  talk about a bod getting religion, but quick!




 


       
sovereign
bancorp 
"is facing a possible proxy fight by its largest shareholder, investment firm

relational investors llc, which has raised objections to the regional bank's
bonus plan for its directors.… (and) will launch a proxy fight if sovereign
doesn't reconstitute its board. … sovereign said in a securities filing
yesterday that it is hiring an independent compensation consultant to review pay
for directors and officers. … [c]ompensation of the seven-person board was
flawed by the inclusion of bonuses for directors, which are tied to whether
executive bonus targets are met. .. [t]he arrangement presents a conflict of
interest, in that it could cause directors to be less than objective when
approving goals and bonus targets for managers. … mr. (ralph) whitworth said
that if sovereign didn't reconstitute its board, he planned to nominate
competing candidates for two board seats scheduled to come up for election next
year." (wsj, 5/26/05, "sovereign is facing a proxy battle
largest shareholder raises complaints
 about bank's bonus plan for directors")  did sovereign hire "an
 independent compensation consultant" when it established its present bod
 pay scheme?  perhaps, it will hire the same consultant to examine its
 prior work.  bod efforts toward accountability and the threat of a proxy
 fight seem to be directly proportional.




       
"sovereign bancorp, under fire from critics over a controversial
bonus plan for outside directors, said …



 it will instead pay directors
$50,000 and award them $50,000 in company stock annually. … directors also
will be required to own $200,000 worth of company stock. … a group of
shareholders led by relational investors llc complained in may that in 2004,
sovereign outside directors earned an average paycheck of $313,000. relational
... threatened a proxy fight over the issue."  (marketwatch,
8/5/05, "sovereign bows to critics of bonus
plan") 
bods respond to credible threats of proxy fights and media coverage.


       
"escalating a battle with its largest shareholder, sovereign bancorp
inc. said it filed a lawsuit in pennsylvania court against relational
investors llc and denied the investor's demand for sovereign to hand over
its books and records. 
sovereign said that relational's demand for books and records … goes
beyond the scope of pennsylvania

 law and is based on ulterior motives. 
in the lawsuit, filed in the court of common pleas of berks county, pa.,
sovereign is seeking a declaratory judgment that relational's demands don't
comply with the state's corporate laws. … the books and records that
relational demanded last week apparently were part of its effort to dig further
into the financial dealings of sovereign directors. relational also sought
access to minutes of board meetings…"  (wsj,
11/11/05, "sovereign files suit in battle with shareholder relational")



       
"resolving one of the legal battles with its largest shareholder, sovereign
bancorp inc. has provided relational investors llc with a list of its
shareholders. the move will allow relational … to directly contact sovereign's
smaller shareholders. … relational had sought access to the list -- which
includes shareholders' names, contact information and the number of shares they
own -- but sovereign had refused to hand it over unless relational first signed
what it called 'a customary confidentiality agreement.' … on dec. 30,
relational filed suit, asking a court to compel sovereign to provide the list.
before the court could rule on the matter, though, sovereign provided the
information to relational." (wsj, 1/24/06, "sovereign delivers holders
list") this episode may come under the category of pyrrhic victory. 
lists of "record" owners are very limited as most stock is held
in "street name." 
contact information with respect to "beneficial" holders is
more important.   hopefully,
rational requested and obtained both lists.  the committee has commented
to the sec on the subject of such corporate gamesmanship.



       
"jay s. sidhu, who was ousted
this week as sovereign bancorp inc.'s
chief executive, will collect about $44 million worth of severance and other
payments from the company he helped build into a regional banking power.  …
a majority of sovereign's board had been pushing for sidhu's ouster as ceo,
frustrated by his leadership and the company's stock price and performance in
the wake of a bruising proxy fight that ended early this year….  sovereign
said the executive-search committee will consist of four directors: ralph
v. whitworth, who won a board seat this year when he settled his proxy fight
against sovereign's board; william j.
moran, a former jpmorgan chase & co. (jpm) executive who joined the
board as part of sovereign's settlement with whitworth's money-management firm; maria
fiorini ramirez, who came from the board of the new york thrift that
sovereign bought this year, and was among those pushing for sidhu's removal; and
juan rodriguez-inciarte, a santander
executive.  the
composition of that committee is important because investors and analysts are
unsure of whether sovereign is likely to be sold soon. the choice of ceo may
telegraph the board's thinking on the company's future."  (marketwatch,
10/16/06, " sovereign to pay ex-ceo package valued at $44.4 mln")


 




       
"cutter
& buck pulled the plug on an expensive proxy battle planned by its
largest shareholder -- a hedge fund called pirate
capital -- with an announcement on wednesday that it would do most of what
pirate asked, pending shareholder approval. … in exchange for that, and a
$60,000 cash payout to pirate for its proxy-related expenses, pirate capital
pledged to vote for the only two directors up for re-election this year -- chief
executive tom wyatt and chairman doug southern. … cutter will drop its
staggered system for electing directors. … cutter also reiterated a previous
offer to drop its anti-hostile-takeover provisions…. 
and lastly, cutter will drop its supermajority provisions, which required
a large majority of shareholders to agree before anything important occurs. …
(it) has been costly for cutter. the price tag is $235,000, including the
$60,000 in repayment to pirate for its troubles." (seattle
post-intelligencer, 9/8/05, "cutter & buck agrees to terms in proxy fight")



 


       
"cenveo inc. on friday said it
named its largest shareholder, robert burton, as chairman and chief executive
officer, as part of an agreement to end a proxy battle under which burton

 sought to oust the company's management. … burton, head of burton capital management,
which in august disclosed it has acquired an 11.2 percent stake in cenveo, has
charged that management delivered ‘unacceptable results' over many years and
sought to bring in his own team to improve cenveo's business. as part of the
deal ending the proxy fight, cenveo also approved a new board of directors
comprising nominees proposed by burton capital management and goodwood
inc., another dissident shareholder. … burton

 said he still plans to bring on a team of experienced industry executives to
lead the company, with the aim of creating shareholder value and generating
strong results." (ap, 9/8/05, "cenveo names robert burton as
ceo")


 




       
''an insurgent group that has been complaining about chip maker exar's
performance and waging a proxy fight won three seats on the fremont company's
nine-member board. 
at the same time, exar chairman donald ciffone retired from the board
monday. the chip maker, which held its annual meeting thursday, said in a
statement tuesday that shareholders have voted in the three-member slate of
dissidents led by guy adams. adams, a hedge fund manager in pasadena, contended in his proxy fight for board seats that exar's top executives have
presided over poor financial performance while being overpaid and ignoring the
wishes of shareholders. the dissidents' victory at exar was an example of the
growing clout of hedge fund managers and shareholder activists in forcing change
at companies.'' 
(mercury news, 11/2/05, ''dissidents win 3 seats
on exar's board'')




 


       
"steven madden ltd. is a
shareholder-friendly company. …  madden's
more generous share repurchase program was instituted after a new york

 hedge fund threatened a proxy battle last year for control of the company. such
boardroom dramas, with hedge funds as lead actors, are unfolding at scores of
companies nationwide….mcdonald's corp., officemax inc. and bally total fitness
holding corp. are all under the gun because of hedge funds. … [t]he funds are
becoming activists at companies they regard as undervalued, pushing for asset
sales, management purges and stock buybacks.  and
the weight they throw around corporate america is only going to get heavier in the years to come. … hedge funds were once
known mostly as investment vehicles for wealthy individuals, but an increasing
number of public and private pension funds and endowments are sinking money into
them. because of that, corporate activism by hedge funds is expected to increase
significantly in 2006. … opinions differ on whether hedge funds' rising
influence is good for the affected businesses in particular and the economy in
general. ... patrick mcgurn, special counsel for institutional shareholder
services, a corporate governance researcher and adviser, said whether hedge
funds are good or bad for companies has to be decided on a case-by-case basis.
… 'with the growth of the hedge funds, certainly there will be more activism
and more hands-on ownership, rather than more passive ownership, as has been the
case with mutual funds.' … the hedge fund sought a meeting with (madden's )
management to discuss such topics as the possible sale of the firm and the
desire for stepped-up stock buybacks to the payment of a dividend. it also
wanted to discuss merchandising strategy. after a series of public exchanges,
the two sides in february 2005 reached an agreement that would avoid a proxy
battle at the next annual meeting. … in general, (howard) davidowitz (chairman
of davidowitz & associates inc., a new york

 investment banking firm) sees the upheaval caused by hedge funds at madden and
other companies as a positive. 'the business of an old boys club of directors
who sit around belching and drinking coffee and collecting fees and options is
coming to an end, and i think that's a good thing,' he said. … 
'… [t]hey're shaking up a lot of american companies, and a lot of
relationships between ceos and boards, and that's generally positive.'"
(chicago tribune, 12/25/05, "hedge funds are getting their way")


 




       
"sharper image corp. said tuesday that it would shake up its board
of directors to pacify a dissident shareholder but retain its chairman as chief
executive in a truce that averts a showdown for control of the slumping retailer
of high-tech gadgets.  the company
will drop four of the seven directors on its current board in response to a
challenge from knightspoint group, a major shareholder that had
threatened to lead an investor revolt at the company's annual meeting in july. 
besides jettisoning the directors, sharper image agreed to expand its
board to include three members from knightspoint and three business leaders with
no ties to the san francisco-based company. 
… knightspoint, which owns a 12.8% stake in sharper image…."
(ap, 6/10/06, "sharper image agrees to shake up its board")




 


       
"third point llc said wednesday
that an independent election inspector has certified the election of two third
point officials to the board of coal miner massey
energy co. the hedge fund had nominated two directors to the board and
maintained that both were elected, but massey said it was looking at the results
from the may 16 election, saying it believed third point only won one seat.
third point said the results were certified by ivs associates inc., a firm
chosen by massey. third point … beneficially owns about 5.9 percent of
massey's outstanding shares…" (associated press, 6/28/06, "third
point wins massey proxy fight")



 




       
"a group of hedge fund activists led by barington capital group lp
won a proxy battle against the pep boys -- many, moe & jack on
thursday, gaining four director seats on the board of the auto-service chain.
pep boys announced
the date of its annual meeting and said it agreed to appoint four new directors
proposed by the barington group, which owns almost 10% of the company. pep boys
also agreed to increase the size of its board to 10 directors and make certain
amendments to its shareholder rights agreement.  …
barington is one of a number of activist hedge funds that have begun taking big
stakes in companies and trying to force strategic change. … in july, pep boys
chief executive larry stevenson resigned after the barington group increase
pressure on the company's board to oust him." (marketwatch, 8/3/06, "
hedge fund activists win pep boys board seats")
 




 


       
"shareholders of bubblegum-card maker topps
co. elected the company's revised slate of candidates to the board,
including three hedge-fund nominees. the hedge-fund candidates … have also
promised to explore efforts to reduce topps executives' compensation, and to get
management to focus on improving operating-profit margins. … friday's election
was the result of an 11th-hour deal topps struck with dissident investors last
month. analysts and shareholders suspect that the three hedge-fund nominees were
set to win seats on the board, which would have pushed topps's three candidates,
including chief executive arthur shorin, off the board. after a first election
was canceled on july 28, topps negotiated a deal to place the three dissident
candidates on a revised ballot that would also include mr. shorin. the deal
required the company to expand the board to 10 seats…." (wsj, 8/28/06,
"shareholders of topps elect hedge-fund nominees to board")


 

        "some of the biggest public pension funds [are] sometimes seeking to oust,
directors of companies whose stock they own. anne simpson, director of corporate
governance at the california public employees' pension fund, the largest united
states pension plan with $279 billion in assets, says 'board coups' this
year that led to the departure of directors at hewlett-packard,
jpmorgan
chase and occidental
petroleum show 'how shareholder activism is evolving from
barbarians at the gate to acting like owners.' calpers
is one of several big united states public funds that have played roles in
shareholder uprisings in recent years at companies that included chesapeake
energy, nabors
industries and massey
energy. while some of the revolts were led by labor groups or
activist investors, calpers has often cast its votes alongside them. …the
second-largest public fund, the $176 billion california
state teachers retirement system, went so far as to co-sponsor a proposal
with the activist fund relational investors to break up the timken
company, the maker of steel and bearings, criticizing the outsize
representation of the founding timken family, which held three of 11 board seats
while holding just 10 percent of the stock. four months after the proposal won a
53 percent vote, timken acquiesced to a breakup in september. anne sheehan,
director of corporate governance at calstrs, says pension fund ‘activism and
engagement has stepped up quite a bit more as a result of the financial crisis
when we all lost a lot of value. as universal owners, how can we not assert our
rights and develop a relationship with companies in our portfolio?’ the big
public funds have successfully campaigned in the last decade for the right of
shareholders to elect each director individually by majority vote on an annual
basis, more recently using the procedure to seek the ouster of directors who
receive a heavy no vote. while the companies often are not legally bound to
replace directors who do not win a majority, some directors have resigned
voluntarily. … the adoption of majority voting 'has made directors far more
willing to engage,' said ann yerger, executive director of the council of
institutional investors. nell minow, the co-founder of the governance advisory
firm gmi ratings, says there has been 'a shift in tactics' among big
activist investors ‘from shareholder proposals to engagement and director
replacement.’ … calpers also voted for a boardroom shake-up at
hewlett-packard, where two directors, g. kennedy thompson, chairman of the audit
committee, and john l. hammergren, chairman of the finance and investment
committee, came under fire after the company took $19 billion in write-downs on
three expensive acquisitions. at a meeting in 
washington
 in february, a month before hp’s annual meeting, the company’s chairman, 

raymond j. lane

, and another director faced a group of about 15 institutional investors
including calstrs and the $144 billion
new york city

 pension funds. while the directors ‘tried to defend the board processes’ in
reviewing the acquisitions, ‘it was too little, too late,’ said michael
garland, head of corporate governance for the 

new york city

 comptroller, john
c. liu. after votes of just 59 percent for 

mr. lane, 55 percent for mr. thompson and 54 percent for mr.
hammergren, mr. lane

 stepped down as chairman and the two others also left. … but other companies
resist shareholder pressure. at nabors industries, an energy services company,
where investors have complained about oversize executive severance pay, two
directors, john yearwood and john v. lombardi, received votes of just 47 percent
and 44 percent last june. but the nabors board rejected resignations by the two
directors, which they had tendered pursuant to company bylaws, and they continue
to serve.”  (11/28/13, nyt, "some
big public pension funds are behaving like activist investors") pensions would
not have realized the need for competent directors and to hold them accountable
but for the 2008 financial crisis? this sounds like an excuse for lack of
investor (pension fund) competence.


       
"[vanguard] is handing some of that voting power to outside stock pickers
that

oversee
 more than $470 billion of its holdings. by the end of the year these firms that
 manage vanguard's active equity funds will be able to cast votes on takeovers,
 board slates or shareholder proposals affecting the portion of shares they
 oversee. historically, vanguard made those votes on its own. … vanguard, the
 world's second largest asset manager, will continue to vote on its vast index
 fund holdings and other funds it manages on its own. … these large asset
 managers typically don't use their power like traditional activist investors
 who make demands…." (4/25/19, wsj, vanguard is handing over some of its
 voting power….") this is an improvement as vanguard's interest in
 obtaining business from corporation retirement funds does present conflicts of
 interest. but, will the asset managers hand any power to the beneficial owners
 of the shares—individual shareholders—they manage?
       institutional investors could start with the small fish and work their way up the
food chain.  bod's at larger corporation would take notice.  


                               
(1)   
corporations fight back with take over defenses


  
 


       
"oh,
no! it's hedgezilla: some hedge funds see themselves as activists,
cleaning up a toxic market. companies they target feel differently. …
corporate counsel martin lipton has penned another memo to clients about the perils
and practicalities of doing business as a public company…. [h]edge funds play
the heavy. very heavy. the one-page, bulleted missive from mr. lipton and
colleagues at new york law firm wachtell,
lipton, rosen & katz has direct writing not normally in legal briefs: 'be
prepared for attacks by hedge funds,'
the heading says. 
strategies for companies shoring up defenses against hedgie assaults
include: … keep the bankers, lawyers and public-relations team at the ready.
… there's also a call to pursue a greater good beyond the stock price: 'expose
the attackers for what they are, self-seeking, short-term speculators looking
for a quick profit at the expense of the company and its long-term value.'"
(wsj, 12/24/05, "bids & offers") the not so subliminal message is
that all hedge funds reek of evil and have identical negative-for-shareholders
motivations, while lawyers, especially the one firm that should be kept "at
the ready," do differ.



 

       
"corporate boards have devised elaborate new defenses against activist
hedge funds.… new york-based pembridge capital management wanted change at
iconic trading-card outfit topps co. and was set to nominate three directors.
before its annual meeting on june 30, topps appeared to meet one of pembridge's
key demands when it hired investment bank lehman brothers to explore a sale of
its candy unit. so the board asked pembridge to withdraw its nominees, which it
did. then, on sept. 12, the company announced that it wasn't selling the candy
business after all. pembridge had fallen victim to one of the newest defenses
thrown up by companies desperate to fight off tough demands or a takeover -- a
ploy called the head fake. … tactics range from stalling dissidents by
half-heartedly pursuing a deal to avoiding the election of new directors by not
holding an annual meeting. an especially potent defense: letting the company's
largest creditor demand immediate payment in the event of a takeover.
…companies are doing exactly that because they face an exploding number of
activist hedge funds. … protecting the status quo.  … after investing
nearly $200 million in little rock
 information-management company acxiom  --
and watching its stock price drop --   san francisco
 hedge fund valueact capital approached the company in may about adding a
director to its board. the next month, acxiom's board unveiled an unusual
policy: it barred investors with a significant holding in the company from
serving on the board 'due to the possibility of conflicts of interest.' what's
more, the rule didn't affect any existing directors. … [s]uits are likely as
new defenses are tested. a 1985 court case that pitted oil company unocal
against financier t. boone pickens set the precedent. the delaware supreme court
ruled that directors must show they had good reason to think a 'threat to
corporate policy and effectiveness existed.' moreover, they must show that the
defense is 'reasonable in light of the threat posed.' onerous defenses that
simply entrench boards won't fly. … the new techniques don't always succeed.
burton capital management, a 
greenwich
 (
conn.
) hedge fund, wanted to appoint new directors and management at 
englewood
 (colo.) printing company cenveo after its stock price had fallen 53% in five years.
but cenveo's board would have none of it. on apr. 17 directors voted to let the
company's largest creditor demand immediate payment of $763 million in debt if
shareholders appointed new directors without the board's approval. the message
to burton: replace us, and you'll inherit a ruined company. 
but burton

 continued to pursue a proxy fight. it finally reached a settlement with cenveo
on sept. 9 and got the directors to approve its eight nominees to the board. …
the new corporate arsenal may have the unintended consequence of emboldening
activists who enjoy a good fight." 
(business week, 10/27/05, "take your best shot, punk")

 



                               
(2)    exceptions
to exceptions


 

       
"last month, warren g. lichtenstein
stepped down from the board of an investment management company called bkf
capital. mr. lichtenstein is a 41-year-old hedge fund manager, whose $2
billion fund, steel partners ii, has earned a compounded rate of return of over
24 percent a year since opening for business in 1993.  he has generated
those returns in large part by taking big positions in underperforming small
companies and then agitating aggressively for change.  with its high costs,
lack of profits and market capitalization of around $250 million, bkf was his
typical prey.  mr. lichtenstein had
joined the bkf board just a year before, after leading an ugly proxy fight he
won handily. … before mr. lichtenstein began buying up bkf shares, the stock
was trading in the mid-20's. as he and his allies began their activist campaign,
it rose to nearly $43 a share. … bkf was largely destroyed during the
subsequent year. it lost two-thirds of its employees. its assets under
management -- $13 billion before steel partners arrived on the scene -- dwindled
to about $2.5 billion. and its stock sank below $7. … the central character in
the bkf saga is its former chief executive, john
a. levin. a longtime investment manager, mr. levin, 67, built his firm, john
a. levin & company, the old-fashioned way: by nurturing relationships with
wealthy people, many of whom became his friends as well as his clients. he also
put together his board that way. … mr. levin generally acted as if he were
still running a private firm. a huge portion of the company's revenue -- some 78
percent.… mr. lichtenstein's essential theory about how to get bkf's stock
price up was simplicity itself. the steep compensation packages … were killing
the company. … mr. lichtenstein failed to see how dependent the company was on
one man: mr. levin.  he missed as well the fundamental fragility of bkf;
its assets and portfolio managers could easily leave and … it lacked the
wherewithal to replace them.  and precisely because of that fragility, his
mudslinging did damage; within three months after mr. lichtenstein's victory,
nearly $3 billion in client assets was withdrawn from bkf. … bounced from the
board, and wounded by the accusations against him, mr. levin quit as chief
executive in august.  when he set up his own shop early this year, close to
$2 billion in bkf assets followed him. … so maybe bkf illustrates something
else entirely, something that has more to do with human nature than with
shareholder activism or entrenched managements.  when stubborn people butt
heads, bad things happen." (nyt, 7/22/06, "no victors, few spoils in this fight") 
in the luby’s proxy contest, the committee complained that reducing the
compensation of long-time and very talented managers was negatively impacting on
net profits.

 



               
5.    corporate
attorneys
decry potential evidence


 



       
"one of the keys to improving governance is a well-planned, deliberately
executed self-assessment. ... [t]he chairman of a board governance committee ...
didn't want to create any documents that could be subject to discovery in any
potential legal proceeding. ... if boards are worried that any record of
self-criticism might come back to haunt them in a shareholder suit or government
investigation, then why would any director ever be motivated to go on the record
with legitimate concerns?"  (wsj, 11/25/03, "don't ask, don't
tell")

 



        in
litigation against directors, one must be able to learn, "what did they
know and when did they know it?"  however, directors and their
enablers are experts in covering their tracks.   "one reason it
has been so difficult to determine what top management and directors knew about
-- and did to cause -- the business disasters of the late 1990s is the
distortion of corporate-board minutes. all too often, these critical records are
altered or left incomplete. when fraud comes to light, investigators struggle to
assign blame, making it harder for investors to recoup losses and less likely
that misbehavior will be deterred in the future. … name a corporate blowup,
and there is usually an example of board minutes being altered or left
incomplete. at  enron corp., investigators traced the board's knowledge of one
dubious off-balance-sheet vehicle only through handwritten notes taken by the
corporate secretary during a board meeting in may 2000. the information from the
scribbled notes suggested that at least some enron directors knew the
arrangement was an accounting maneuver, rather than something aimed at
substantive economic activity. but the formal board minutes from that meeting
contained no reference to the directors' knowledge on this point. 
there aren't hard rules on how thorough board minutes should be. as a
result, some corporate lawyers routinely use bare-bones minutes as a shield to
protect companies from liability…. in the  worldcom inc. fiasco, a
court-appointed bankruptcy examiner has found that the company created 'fictionalized' board minutes in connection with its announcement in
november 2000 of plans to create a so-called tracking stock that would
correspond to the performance of its consumer business. the long-distance
telephone company, now known as mci, said at the time that the board had
approved this move.  in fact, the
board hadn't given its approval, the bankruptcy examiner,  richard thornburgh, a
former u.s. attorney general, concluded. the board had held only a 'minimal'
discussion of the idea during a brief 'informational' meeting on oct. 31,
2000, mr. thornburgh's report said. worldcom management decided to transform
records from the october meeting into minutes of a formal board meeting,
complete with references to a discussion about the tracking stock that hadn't
really taken place, the report found. …the examiner faulted former senior
worldcom executives for the decision, although board members and worldcom
lawyers also bear responsibility, the report said.'"  (wsj, 2/6/04, "how
hazards for investors get tolerated year after year --- corporate board minutes
are altered…")  on the other hand, directors may incredulously claim
that they were never provided with a draft of proposed meeting minutes and/or
the final version and never asked to see either.  "some lawyers
discourage directors from taking notes during meetings to avoid potential
pitfalls in the event of litigation.  one of the so-called best practices
of corporate governance calls for boards to evaluate their own effectiveness,
but some are grappling with how to do it without leaving a damning paper
trail."  (u.s. news, 2/16/04, "corporate reform measures are
forcing boards of directors to clean up their act")
       
"[t]he minutes should be the only record of the board or committee meeting.
while directors may wish to take notes regarding the meeting to which they can
refer when subsequently reviewing the draft minutes, there are liability risks
associated with such practice. … directors need not retain any meeting notes
after reviewing and approving the formal minutes of that meeting. … avoid tape
recording meetings as a means of facilitating the drafting of minutes. …
excessive editing by management should be discouraged to avoid any suggestion of
a lack of integrity in the minutes." (mcdermott will & emery, 10/13/05,
"united states: corporate minute-taking: a general counsel’s guide")

 



           
sometimes, lack of lack of documents hurts credibility.  "during a cross-examination
... mr. (steven) schulman also questioned mr. (michael) eisner about how much the board was told when mr.
(michael) ovitz was hired in 1995.  mr. eisner said that at an executive session of the board on sept. 26, 1995, directors not only discussed mr. ovitz's contract, but also its value.  he said he did not recall if directors were given a copy of the contract. 
...  mr. schulman pointed out during questioning that there was nothing in the minutes from the sept. 26 meeting to indicate that mr. ovitz's contract and its value had been discussed.  mr. eisner said that preparing for his court appearance and reading old documents had clarified in his mind what had happened at the meeting. 
'my recollection is much sharper today,' mr. eisner said."  (nyt,
11/19/04, "eisner regrets praising ovitz on 'larry king'")  ok,
mr. eisner, we have a few questions.  was the proposed deal with ovitz
important enough to have been described in the minutes?  in 1995, did disney
employ the best corporate attorneys that money could buy?  did those
attorneys review the accuracy of the meeting minutes before they were
finalized?  did the bod review the minutes before they were approved? 
were you then a member of the bod who approved the minutes?  did you want
those minutes to reflect, as accurately as possible, what occurred at the
meeting?  what other important matters have occurred at bod meetings, but
have not been placed in the minutes?  please identify each of the alleged
"old documents" that refreshed your recollection?  houston, we
have a credibility problem at disney!



 

       
directors and others should wonder whether bod minutes contain nothing but
un-reviewed third-hand hearsay.  "ms. (donna)  sharpless (tyco
international ltd.'s ex-director of executive compensation) said she didn't
attend compensation-committee meetings or have regular contact with those
directors, even though she was responsible for drafting minutes of the
committee's meetings.  as a result, mr. sharpless said she didn't have
direct knowledge of what happened in those meetings."  (wsj, 3/16/05,
"tyco deferred bonuses to cut size of pay on proxy statement") 
what was the source of ms. less-than-sharp's information as to what occurred at
those meetings?  how reliable was the source?  why did the source not
draft the minutes?  did the committee members receive, review and approve
the accuracy of the minutes?  "according
to sharpless, she drafted the minutes based on the agenda items for the
meeting.  patricia prue and  mark swartz would review the minutes and ask
her to make corrections.  (prue was her primary contact.)  the minutes
would then go to the compensation committee chairman and the committee for
review and approval." (3/16/05, response from author of article.)  it
appears that ms. sharpless has no personal knowledge that the minutes were
received, reviewed and/or approved by the compensation committee.  further,
with respect to her above mentioned duties, it would have been more appropriate
for ms. sharpless to have the corporate title of "clerk typist" vis-à-vis
"director of executive compensation."

 



       
"everyone knows that boards of directors should keep good minutes, but what
exactly are the components of good minutes? … [m]inutes should have the
following components: …8. confirmation that each director acted in good faith,
which can be as simple as a statement that each director after considering the
facts acted in good faith and without ulterior motives. 9. confirmation that
each director acted in the best interest of the corporation and shareholders,
which can be as simple as a statement that the directors, after considering the
facts, voted in the best interests of the shareholders and the corporation and
not from personal intentions. 10. facts showing that each director did not
receive any unfair personal benefit. 11. confirmation that each director was
informed to the extent that he believed was appropriate. 12. facts showing that
each director has a history of being informed and overseeing the corporation,
and that no 'red flags' would alert a reasonably attentive director to
inquire."  (businesswire,
2/11/06, "boards
should insist on good minutes, hawley troxell attorney advises") 
the aforesaid suggestions seem somewhat vague and self-serving, which
could easily be sliced and diced by any competent plaintiff’s attorney. 
perhaps, each director might take his/her own self-serving notes --- "after
considering the facts, believing the ceo and seeing no 'red flag,' i act in good
faith and without an ulterior motive.  the personal benefit i will receive
is fair."


 
       
"kenneth d. lewis, the chairman
of bank of america, and other top
executives convened a late-afternoon conference call to explain the bank's
latest problems to the board: not only was the government making the new
multibillion-dollar bailout on punishing financial terms, but merrill's losses
— already thought to be steep — were also far worse than the bleak estimates
tallied just weeks earlier. as mr. lewis and the other executives continued
their briefing, one board member minced no words in his assessment of the
situation. 'unfortunately it's screw the shareholders!!' charles
k. gifford wrote to a fellow director in an e-mail exchange that took place
during the call. 'no trail,' thomas may,
that director, reminded him, an apparent reference to the inadvisability of
leaving an e-mail thread of their conversation. ... shortly after mr. may's
remark about an e-mail trail, mr. gifford said his comments were made in 'the
context of a horrible economy!!! will effect everyone.'  'good
comeback,' mr. may replied. ... without a transcript of the call, he said, it is
difficult to determine if mr. gifford's remarks reference the actions of mr.
lewis, the government, or other parties." (nyt, 10/14/09, "e-mail
shows concerns over merrill deal")

 

               
6.   
lawsuits, but no director accountability

 



        in most cases, not involving an enron or worldcom financial meltdown
and total reorganization,  culpable
directors are in a position to continue to exercise poor
judgment.   this
is a corporate version of crime and lack of
punishment.  


 

       
"[f]ear may be overblown. …  in
an extensive study, (michael) klausner (a business and law professor at stanford
law school ) and colleagues bernard black of the university of texas and brian
cheffins of cambridge university found only 13 cases since 1980 when directors
paid anything out-of-pocket to settle a lawsuit.  …
all except three of the cases klausner uncovered took place after 2000. ….  most
companies purchase insurance so the firm, along with its board members and
executives, don't have to pay out-of-pocket if they're sued. … insufficient
insurance is one of the main reasons directors have to open their wallets. in
klausner's study … two cases involved companies that had no
directors-and-officers insurance. in one case, the insurer had gone bankrupt.
some of the other firms had policies with low limits or clauses that allowed
insurers to contest their obligations. even with insufficient coverage, klausner
says, directors usually pay nothing out-of-pocket unless the company is
insolvent.  … [f]ive of the 13
cases … involved misdeeds that occurred when a firm was issuing securities.
that's not a coincidence. in most corporate matters, plaintiffs must prove
"recklessness" or "intentionality" to hold directors
personally liable. when selling stocks or bonds to the public, however,
directors are subject to a lower negligence standard….  of
course, money isn't the only reason to avoid getting sued. lawsuits are
embarrassing and time-consuming." (forbes, 6/7/06, "board
members: guard your wallets")


       
"'it is a very, very rare case where directors are
forced to pay out of their own pockets,' says lawrence a. hamermesh, who heads
the widener institute of delaware corporate law in wilmington, 
delaware."  (corporate board member, november/december 2004,
"the ghost of
michael ovitz still haunts the disney board")  "suits that name
outside directors rarely come to trial, and settlements are nearly always
covered by the corporation or its insurer.  …
although outside directors have good reasons to serve diligently, fear of
liability shouldn't be one of them.  in
reality, these directors face little risk of paying damages or legal fees out of
their own pockets."  (mckinsey
quarterly, 2004 number 4, "outside directors and lawsuits: what are the
real risks?")  

 

       
shareholders cannot rely upon class action lawsuits to hold directors personally
accountable.  first, there is the "business
judgment rule" as a director's first defense to his/her poor
decisions.  "[t]he business judgment rule ... allows disinterested
corporate directors to make foolish, even disastrous, decisions without being
second-guessed by courts, so long as their process was reasonable and their
decision 'informed.'  the rule says, in effect, that it is the process, not
the outcome, that matters. ... [i]f the delaware court decides to hang the
disney directors, it should hang them for process --- not for results or
difficult personalities."  (lat, 11/29/04, commentary: "don't
hang the disney board just yet")  next, most class action lawsuits are settled, years after the
malfeasance, for a few cents on
each dollar of losses, vouchers towards a future purchase and, possibly, nebulous injunctive relief.  the few
cents are paid through directors' and officers' insurance and/or from corporate
(shareholders') assets --- not from the director's personal
funds.  also, directors cause their companies to provide them with
contractual indemnity for costs of defense and judgments.  much of the settlement fund goes to pay attorneys' fees.  
       
lastly, "the problem:  millions of dollars of class-action settlement money
goes uncollected every year... experts estimate that more than half of people
who are eligible for compensation never follow-up." (wsj, 2/18/03, "quick fix: tracking consumer suits") 
"a barrage of lawsuits has been filed against mutual funds, contending that
they did not claim money due their investors from settlements of securities
class-action lawsuits. … because lawyers are typically paid based on the
settlement agreement and not on how much settlement money is paid out, neither
they nor the settling company have a monetary incentive to make sure that
shareholders are actually compensated, said jill
fisch, director of the center on corporate securities and financial law at
fordham university law school.  'who
really has the incentive to make it happen?'  ms.
fisch said.  'the defendant doesn't
care; the plaintiffs' lawyer doesn't care. if the court said to the plaintiffs'
lawyer, 'you only collect your fees as a percentage of the money that's actually
paid out,' that would help.' …  in
a 2002 law review article, mr. (james d.)
cox (a law professor at duke

university) reported … that of institutional investors eligible to file claims for part
of settlement proceeds, only about a third actually do so.  he
estimated that in the aggregate, institutional investors leave more than $1
billion unclaimed each year."  (nyt,
1/19/05, "suits contend mutual funds fail to collect in settlements") 
see, e.g.,  "letting
billions slip through your fingers: empirical evidence and legal implications of
the failure of financial institutions to participate in securities class action
settlements" (1/06) by professors  james d. cox and  randall s.
thomas. 
that study covers a wide range of interesting subjects ---  causes of the
problem; relationships between institutions, their advisors and companies;
suggested solutions, some of which deal with better shareholder communications,
e.g., "one sweeping response to this problem would be to require each
issuer to maintain reliable records
of their beneficial owners. this requirement would essentially
mandate a non-objecting beneficial ownership (nobo) list for all public
companies. such a regulatory response would have the collateral effect of
facilitating stockholder communications among themselves, not to mention proxy
contests, because such a list could be accessed by any stockholder of the company. however, this development might
not be well received by the company’s
management because under the all-important delaware corporate law,
stockholders are not entitled to the nobo list unless the company currently
has that list in its possession, and this provision is often invoked in the
heat of a takeover battle."


       
further, funds obtained in criminal prosecutions may go uncollected by
shareholders.  "last september, computer associates international,
the long island
 software company that has been plagued by scandal, agreed to put $225 million
into just such a restitution fund.  …. 
so far, not one shareholder has come forward with ideas about how to
dispense the money in the fairest and most appropriate way.  …
unlike securities fraud cases in which shareholders compute their damages based
on declines in a company's stock price that occurred after the fraud emerged,
this restitution fund is also supposed to pay back stockholders who have been
injured by the company's obstructionist actions. this behavior has harmed the
company's owners in meaningful but not easily measured ways - for instance, how
do you calculate the loss of customers who decided not to deal with computer
associates after the fraud was disclosed?  shareholders
have provided no answers. mr. (kenneth r.) feinberg (administrator of the
computer associates fund) said that while he hasn't yet heard from any
shareholders, he is eager to. … the california public employees retirement
system was a computer associates shareholder during the time that the fraud was
committed. ….  but when calpers was
asked what it had done to present its views on how the fund should be
administered, a spokeswoman said the pension fund was waiting for the government
to call. … often shareholders wait to see what their share of restitution is
and then complain about it." (nyt, 2/13,05, "giving away lots of money
is easy, right?")


       
"'the money in these settlements should come out of the pockets of the
executive running the companies, not out of the corporation,' said joseph a.
grundfest, a securities professor at stanford law school, 'because the way
damages are currently awarded you're enriching the plaintiffs' bar, taking money
away from shareholders and the corporation, and undermining any deterrent
effect penalties have on directors, executive and managers.'" (nyt,
7/11/04, "behind the breakup of the kings of tort")

 

       "gary winnick and other former
executives and directors of global crossing ltd. agreed friday to pay
$324 million to settle lawsuits filed by investors and former employees who lost
billions when the telecommunications firm fell into bankruptcy. … winnick will
provide $55 million… he pocketed $575 million selling global crossing
shares… the bulk of the funds for the shareholders suit … will be
supplied by firms that insured global crossing's 38 top executives and
directors against lawsuits. … investors, whose $40 billion in stock
became worthless with the bankruptcy filing, will …receive less than a
penny for each dollar lost. … former global crossing employee and
plaintiff janet mahoney said the settlement wasn't even a symbolic victory." 
(lat, 3/20/04, "global crossing ex-execs to pay $324 million")  

 

        "[t]he
perception of risk may be greater than the reality.  two to 3 percent of all
public companies were targets of shareholder class-action suits in the last two
years, according to cornerstone research, a consulting firm that tracks
securities litigation.  there was a
perception that shareholder lawsuits and tougher requirements would make it
harder to attract directors and would drive some existing directors to leave,
said evan rosenberg, a chubb specialty insurance executive who
sells policies for directors. 'we haven't seen that,' he said, noting that there
is 'a lot of ego' involved with the job.  …
[f]rom a personal liability standpoint, not much has changed as long as a
company has good insurance for directors, mr. rosenberg said. 'as an individual,
do i have liability?  the answer is yes,' he said. 'but if you are an individual
at a financially strong company and you are acting in the scope of your role,
you have pretty strong protection.'"  (nyt,
4/4/04, "for directors, great expectations (and more pay)"

 

       
"the lawsuit claims disney's board failed to properly scrutinize mr.
ovitz's 1995 hiring and 1996 no-fault termination, which allowed him to walk
away with a severance package estimated at $140 million. ... the plaintiffs are
seeking about $200 million in damages --- the severance package plus interest
--- with any award to be covered by insurance."  (wsj, 10/26/04,
"ovitz's testimony on disney tenure portrays a thwarted deal maker")

 

       
settlements by directors from their personal assets are extremely rare.  media coverage lacks
crucial details and would probably not follow-up as to whether the payments are actually made. 
"ten former directors of worldcom, the telecommunications
company whose bankruptcy was the largest in history, have agreed to pay
$18 million of their own money to settle a class-action lawsuit by investors who
lost hundreds of millions of dollars when the company collapsed in july 2002. 
...  while the exact individual amounts were not disclosed, the
payments will account for 20 percent of the directors' aggregate net worth, not
counting their primary residences and retirement accounts. … directors at
other public companies, fearful of the implications of yesterday's settlement,
may take comfort from the fact that worldcom is in a class by itself.  … 
[t]he directors provided sworn statements of their financial positions
so that their net worths could be determined.  the
settlement gives plaintiffs' lawyers 45 days to scrutinize the financial
statements to ensure their accuracy.  …
outcomes like the worldcom settlement have been rare, but a similar one occurred
last year, when former directors of enron agreed to pay $1.5 million out of
their own pockets to company workers who lost money in their retirement
accounts." (nyt, 1/6/05, "10 ex-directors from worldcom to pay
millions")  "'it's just
extraordinarily rare for a director to pay money out of his own pocket,’ said 
michael klausner, a law professor at stanford

university

 who is studying the personal liability of directors.  mr. klausner and his
fellow researchers have so far found only four cases from 1968 to 2003 in
which directors contributed their own money to settle a shareholder lawsuit.
'it is extremely unusual,' he said.  ,,, 
the worldcom case may, however, be so unusual and the board's overlooking
of facts so egregious that most directors need not worry that their personal
wealth may be vulnerable to lawsuits. … a delaware chancery court decision in
may held one outside director of a telecommunications company, emerging
communications, liable because he knew or should have known that the price paid
to minority shareholders in a specific transaction was too low." (nyt,
1/6/05, "a big new worry for corporate directors") 
"outside directors at scandal-ridden companies are generally
well-protected from criminal prosecution and civil lawsuits. prosecutors must
prove that outside directors acted with criminal intent, a much higher bar than
accusing board member of failing to pay attention at meetings or scrutinize the
actions of corporate management. in civil cases, plaintiffs generally must prove
that outside directors acted in bad faith and clearly violated their 'duty of
loyalty' to protect shareholders." (washington

 post, 1/6/05, "10 ex-worldcom
directors agree to settlement") 
"the demand that the worldcom directors pitch in personally under the $54
million settlement there was motivated in part by both plaintiffs' and the
directors' realization that there might soon be no insurance proceeds to draw
upon."  (wsj, 1/13/05, "directors are getting the
jitters")
           
this settlement is a great media victory, but what is the reality? 
one wonders whether the "sworn statements of their financial position"
were prepared by worldcom's former cfo and what accounting principles, if any,
were employed.  what is the down-side
to the former directors for inaccuracies?  it would be most
interesting to read the actual settlement documents to determine when the
settlement payments are due and what collections mechanisms, if any, are
included, e.g., stipulation for entry of judgment in the event of payment default
with a negative-incentive (penalty) for non-payment. 
here's an interesting scenario to consider.  the
collection terms of settlement documents are loosely drafted.  the
media stops covering the topic.  the
settling former directors stall and stall and eventually default upon their
payment obligations.  it becomes a
matter of suing on the settlement payment obligation. 
the plaintiffs become occupied with other matters. 
the statute of limitations runs.  the
defaulting former directors walk.

           
"the (former) directors who are a part of the settlement are expected to
work out among themselves the exact amount each individual will pay.  one
of the (former) directors (john a. porter) is in personal bankruptcy and won't
have to make a payment himself...." (wsj, 1/10/05, "worldcom holdouts
are next up for hevesi")  "but despite his financial troubles,
mr. porter continues to live in an elegant palm beach, fla., mansion, although
it is now up for sale for $16.0 million...." (wsj, 1/13/05, "worldcom
deal was a difficult balancing act.")  what happens if and when they don't
"work out" the amounts?  let the weaseling begin!

           
"mr. (john a.) porter, who filed for personal bankruptcy last april, was
shielded from the shareholders by florida's generous homestead exemption, a rule that is often derided as a millionaire's
loophole.  under florida law, residents may keep their primary residences no matter how much they owe
creditors. … [l]awyers in other states were increasingly advising clients to
set up residence in florida
 in case they might need to file bankruptcy to stave off creditors. … [h]e
will not owe any of it to worldcom's shareholders.…  [t]wo settlements
with corporate directors this month probably did not signal a trend.  it
remains nearly impossible to extract money from directors of solvent
companies…  [c]ompanies are usually willing to spend more of their
shareholders' money to protect their directors than a plaintiff's lawyer could
realistically expect to get from them." (nyt, 1/16/05, "in florida, no wolves at the door")  


           
even with the personal settlement payments, but for worldcom's exceptional
financial meltdown and total reorganization, the former directors of worldcom would
still be in a position to continue to exercise their poor judgment and there
would be nothing shareholders could do to remove them from their director
positions.

           
"less than a month after it was announced, an extraordinary agreement by 10
former worldcom inc. directors to pay $18 million out of their own pockets to
settle a class-action suite has collapsed after the judge rejected a key
provision of the deal."  (wsj, 2/3/05, "settlement accord with
ex-directors of worldcom fails")  "the
settlement fell apart after the judge overseeing the case ruled that one aspect
of the deal was illegal because it would have limited the directors' potential
liability and exposed the investment banks that are also defendants in the case
to greater damages. … the judge's ruling means that the 10 directors will
remain as defendants in the case. as such, they face the possibility of paying
significantly more than they had agreed to in the settlement if they are found
liable by a jury for investor losses.   federal
law states that in cases involving the sale of securities, as this one does,
defendants found liable for losses by a jury are responsible for the entire
amount of the damages.  but in
1995, the private securities litigation reform act provided that directors
involved in such a case are responsible only for their part of the fault, as
determined by the jury. this law was intended to protect directors from
staggering damages in such cases.  the settlement with the former
worldcom directors was unfair to the investment bank defendants, their lawyers
argued, because with the board members no longer named as defendants in the
case, the banks could not reduce their own liability in a verdict by the amount
of the investors' losses that the jury concluded was the responsibility of the
company's former directors.  … 
mr. hevesi's lawyers had argued that under the terms of the
settlement, the amount of liability assigned by a jury to the remaining
defendants should not be reduced by a percentage of blame assigned to the
directors, but rather by the directors' net worth or their ability to pay.
the ability-to-pay concept is based in common law, while the percentage of blame
is a factor in securities laws.  … [i]t
was paradoxical that the 1995 law, meant to protect directors from huge damage
claims, had in this case made the former worldcom board members more vulnerable
to such damages. investment bank defendants in the worldcom case now have an
incentive to make the former company directors appear to be more culpable in the
investor losses because the greater the liability a jury assigns to the
directors, the greater the reduction in the banks' possible damages. 
while judge cote sided with the investment banks yesterday, she has
sometimes disappointed defendants. in december, for example, she said that it
was not enough for banks selling securities to investors to rely on so-called
comfort letters from companies' accounting firms stating that unaudited
financial statements, like quarterly results, were accurate." (nyt, 2/3/05,
"a worldcom settlement falls apart") 
for how much more than $90 million does hevesi believe the directors are
liable?   why did he want to
settle for a mere $18 million?   now,
he can probably get more assistance from directors trying to blame the other
defendants than without a settlement.



 


           
"a group of 10 former directors of  enron have agreed to pay $13 million out
of their own pockets as part of a $168 million settlement of a lawsuit brought
by onetime shareholders who lost billions of dollars in the company's collapse
in 2001.  … 
the directors' settlement was also important because it came even though
the fraud claims once leveled against them had been dismissed by a federal court
in houston. the remaining claims involved accusations of negligence on the part of the
directors for signing financial statements that the plaintiffs argued were
false.  … the 10 directors who
contributed personal assets were among 18 outside directors in the settlement.
… the directors who settled sold enron shares during a time when the
plaintiffs contend that false information was being dispensed to the public to
drive up the stock price. even though no accusation of insider trading survived
the ruling by the houston

 court, the 10 directors gave up 10 percent of their pretax proceeds from
their stock trading during the period…. the agreement … is subject to
court approval…." (nyt, 1/8/05, "ex-directors at enron to chip in on
settlement")   that's
not too bad for the settling directors. 
 they kept 90% of their profits, i.e., $117 million, from trading in
enron stock and gave back $13 million.  eight
former directors paid nothing from their personal assets.


 


       
"hollinger international … said yesterday that a group of current
and former directors agreed to settle a shareholder lawsuit by paying the
company $50 million. … hollinger international said the settlement would be
paid to the company and financed by its insurance polices. … current
independent directors in the settlement include  richard r. burt;  henry a.
kissinger, the former secretary of state;  shmuel meitar; and  james r.
thompson."
(ap, 5/4/05, "hollinger directors agree to pay settlement")  the
insurer will probably increase hollinger's d&o insurance premiums and base
it upon the $50 million payout amount and that directors, whose alleged acts
caused that payout, continue to serve on the bod.

 perhaps, the amount of insurance
premium increase should be deducted from the future compensation of the four
directors.


 


       
"[t]he idea of pushing governance reforms as a way to settle shareholder
lawsuits has become mainstream. … companies settling lawsuits by, in part,
agreeing to governance changes in recent years include … wichita-based lone
star steakhouse & saloon inc.
…
 improving governance isn't
necessarily the first thing on shareholders' minds when they initiate a lawsuit.
… where a breakdown in corporate oversight is considered the root cause of the
problems, however, plaintiffs have been eager to go beyond simply forcing a
company to cut a check for past misconduct. … some experts who assist
companies hit by shareholder lawsuits say that negotiating governance reforms
can work in a company's favor. … there can be immediate advantages, too, such
as helping to avoid a protracted fight inside a courtroom, and, more important,
possibly reducing payouts. … [e]vidence suggests that the plaintiffs in a
majority of those cases agreed to reduced cash payouts in return for governance
reforms. … plaintiffs and their attorneys are highly sensitized to accusations
of leaving money on the table. "in all cases of securities fraud, you
should be getting financial recovery first," says stuart grant, a partner
at the wilmington, del., law firm of grant & eisenhofer,
which has worked governance changes into several settlements on behalf of
pension-fund clients, including in the lone star case. 'if there is an
opportunity to also get corporate-governance reforms, all the better,’ mr.
grant says. ‘but you shouldn't be trading dollars away for
corporate-governance reform.' … [i]t can be difficult to balance the needs
of all the plaintiffs in shareholder suits. large public pension funds have been
the biggest force for change in boardroom practices, but shareholder lawsuits
often involve a wide swath of investors, including mutual funds and individual
investors -- some of whom may no longer hold the shares of the company being
sued. these investors may care little about how the company is run in the
future, and instead may want only cash. settlements that involve only governance
changes, meanwhile, can work to the advantage of both shareholders and the
company. … whether or not ceos welcome the new shareholder activism, it's
probably here to stay, lawyers say. given the success many plaintiffs have had
in forcing governance reforms -- and the likelihood that corporate wrongdoing
will continue -- activist public pension funds will probably continue to wield
the governance club as an inducement to settle…." (wsj, 10/17/05,
"governance at gunpoint: to
get companies to change their rules, shareholders are dangling a powerful
carrot: litigation settlement")  there
seems to be an underlying assumption that large/fair extractions of cash from
wrongdoers who are bod members would not cause a positive change in corporate
governance.
       
let's look at the so-called "success" at lone star steakhouse
inc.  in their joint and reciprocal self-congratulatory press release, the
parties stated:  "the settlement
was facilitated by the company's implementation of certain corporate governance
initiatives since the filing of the lawsuit which included the addition of 3
independent directors, the expiration of certain change of control contracts for
senior executives, the elimination of the company's poison pill and the
requirement for stockholder approval to reprice stock options. 
… lone star's insurance carrier will also make a payment of $3
million." (press release, 6/1/05, "lone star steakhouse & saloon
and calpers announce settlement of class action and derivative lawsuit")  (for
details of the litigation and calpers' associated discovery efforts, see, "'fairness
opinions' are 'unfair'," below.)
       
concessions associated with option repricing, assuming that they extract
all wrongfully attempted gain, are beneficial to shareholders. 
however, one could easily surmise that
lone star added the three so-called "independent" directors to the
original five (5) member bod to thwart efforts by former director guy w. adams, whose insurgency campaign, at the then next annual meeting, might have
replaced two additional directors and wrestled control from former chairman and
president and largest single shareholder, jamie b. coulter. 
initially, calpers alleged that coulter had obtained a shameful "fairness
opinion" to justify selling his relatively valueless data processing
company to lone star for about $10 million. 
from the press release, it appears that that deal stands, coulter keeps
the $10 million, the bod walks from any accountability and the lawyers
congratulate themselves on a job supposedly well done.
       
(long) way-to-go, calpers!

 

       
"a public pension fund in louisiana

 has sued the directors of caremark rx,
contending that their unanimous backing of the company’s $21 billion merger
with cvs over a rival $26 billion bid
from express scripts improperly
benefits caremark executives at the expense of shareholders.  among
the benefits caremark executives and directors will receive if the cvs deal goes
through, the fund’s lawsuit contends, are positions at the combined company
and indemnification from penalties and fines that may result when criminal and
regulatory investigations into possible stock option backdating by caremark
officials are concluded.  ...  caremark
accepted the cvs bid on nov. 1, even though the stock-for-stock deal offered no
premium to caremark’s market price at the time. ... caremark rejected the $26
billion bid made ... by express scripts, saying that it would 'result in a
highly leveraged and weakened business' if it was approved by shareholders. the
express scripts offer of $58.50 a share is approximately 15 percent higher than
the cvs bid. the lawsuit filed by the louisiana municipal police employees’
retirement system contends that the cvs deal is unfair to caremark shareholders
not only because its price is significantly below the rival bid.  the
pension fund’s lawyers also argue that caremark directors improperly accepted
deal protection provisions in the cvs bid that act to deter other bidders,
effectively making the deal a fait accompli even before the shareholders vote.  first,
there is the $675 million breakup fee to be paid by caremark in cash to cvs, if
the target walks away. then, there is a so-called last-look provision, which
gives cvs the chance to come back and top any rival bid. ... the merger with cvs
would also allow an unspecified number of caremark directors — perhaps all of
them — to get lucrative seats on the combined company’s board.  ...
 to be sure, many of the terms in the
cvs bid for caremark — the no-shop provisions and last-look opportunity —
are common in the merger world."  (nyt,
1/11/06, "a public pension fund sues directors of caremark rx") 
surely, the court will hear the "business judgment rule"
defense, supported by "fairness opinions." 
even if the pension fund prevails, securing injunctive relief to stop the
merger and a declaration that the directors breached their fiduciary duties, the
directors will still be entrenched in their places, with smiles on their faces.

 

       
"in an article last year in the stanford law review, stanford professor michael
klausner ... identified only 13 cases in 25 years in which outside directors
of public companies had made out-of-pocket payments.  directors may have to
pay personally 'when a company's insolvent, insurance is inadequate, the
directors have access to considerable wealth, and the merits of the case are
reasonable," mr. klausner said in an interview." (wsj, 4/23/07,
"settlement in just for feet case may fan board fears")
 
       
"in the absence of fraud or self-dealing, it's hard for shareholders to
make a legal argument that boards have failed at their job. state law in
delaware, where most big public entities are incorporated, simply requires
companies to have boards that direct or manage their affairs, and it affords
broad legal protection to board members so long as they act in good faith and in
a manner 'believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the
corporation.' that was the basis for the recent ruling of a 

delaware

 judge who threw out most of the claims in a shareholder lawsuit seeking to hold
citigroup directors and officers liable for big losses tied to subprime
mortgages. but the judge did allow the plaintiffs to pursue one of their claims,
which alleged corporate waste stemming from a multimillion-dollar parting pay
package that citigroup's board awarded charles o. prince iii, the
former c.e.o., in 2007. ... corporate governance activists continue to press for
regulations that would make it easier for shareholders to put their own board
nominees on proxy ballots. opponents worry that giving shareholders greater
proxy access would be too disruptive to boards, but supporters say the current
system makes it too difficult, and too expensive, for shareholders to elect
anyone who isn't on a company's slate of nominees. ... the public furor over pay
and bailouts is helping to make board service a tough sell at a time when so
many candidates, particularly sitting c.e.o.'s, already feel more pressure in
their day jobs.  executives and
directors are becoming very cautious not only about how they use their time, but
also about what liabilities — legal, reputational and otherwise — they're
willing to take on, says ted dysart, a managing partner at heidrick &
struggles, the search firm, who helps run its global board of directors
practice." (nyt, 4/5/09, "executives took, but the directors
gave")  directors will only
protect shareholders' interests when they know that shareholders could they
could remove and replace them.  without
such a remedy the games will continue.
  
 


           
7.   
internal investigations are riddled with conflicts of interest

 

       
bods
can rationalize the acceptance of conflicts of interest in internal
investigations.  the cost of those purported
internal investigations, at the least, is a waste of corporate assets.  bods get the desired investigative results
when they engage the investigator's services.  at
worst, they can result in a cover-up of a bod's misdeeds.  one should
contrast the conclusions concerning bod conduct that were reached at fannie
mae in report
of the special examination of fannie mae by the office of federal housing
enterprise oversight ["the actions and inactions of the board of directors
inappropriately reinforced rather than checked the tone and culture set by mr.
raines and other senior managers. the board failed to be sufficiently informed
and independent of its chairman, mr. raines, and senior management, and failed
to exercise the requisite oversight to ensure that the enterprise

 was fully compliant with applicable law and safety and soundness standards.
those failures signaled to management and other employees that the board did not
in fact place a high value on strict compliance with laws, rules, and
regulations. that message contributed to the enterprise's many failures to comply with safety and soundness standards and the many
unsafe and unsound practices documented in this report.

 ... an effective board, operating in accord with
generally accepted standards of prudent operation, would have prevented much of
what occurred.
... [t]he board allowed management to determine with
little opposition the information it received and missed
many opportunities for meaningful oversight. ... [t]he board simply
accepted representations of senior management and exercised no discernable
oversight responsibility."] and a
report to the special review committee of the board of directors of fannie mae
["[t]he information that management provided to the board of directors with
respect to accounting, financial reporting, and internal audit issues generally
was incomplete and, at times, misleading. ... the company would have been better served if
management and the company's lawyers had informed the board of all of the
material facts and analyzed and discussed the risks arising from those facts in
a more dispassionate fashion, and we recommend that the company's lawyers make a
concerted effort to give more balanced and comprehensive presentations to the
board in the future."]  it is unlikely that any member of the
board of directors, which the ofheo report described as consisting of
"highly knowledgeable and qualified individuals with extensive experience
on corporate boards of directors, fully capable of understanding the business
and corporate governance issues with which they were charged," will ever be
held accountable for his/her "actions or inactions."

 

       
one cannot determine the actual limits were placed on the scope of the
investigation or why the bod was apparently exonerated
in some "independent" reports.  for example, see "report
to the board of directors of the federal home loan mortgage corporation –
internal investigation of certain accounting matters," which has been
annotated and excerpted for your viewing pleasure.


       
"internal files showed that the company had given options for 250,000
shares of  adelphia stock to  leslie j. gelber, a director. 
adelphia’s annual report stated only that mr. gelber held 3,000 shares
of common stock. … for more than a year, adelphia's board and its powerful
outside law firms, including  boies, schiller & flexner, home to well-known
trial lawyer  david boies, have been avoiding disclosing the options. … [c]ompanies
plagued by allegations of … fraud have launched their own investigations to
win back shareholders and restore public trust. 
sometimes these investigations are riddled with their own conflicts of
interest, as directors attempt to investigate themselves and law firms probe
their clients. … mr. gelber was the chairman of the board committee
overseeing an investigation into the options. 
he helped hire the law firms that conducted the probe, and had business
and social ties to mr. boies.  the
allegations became so tangled that at one point, one adelphia law firm
investigated another adelphia law firm in order to decide if the second was
independent enough to conduct an investigation of the option-disclosure issue.
… in june, mr. gelber resigned from adelphia's board, without explaining his
decision.  the issue of the options,
however, continues to nag the company, which has yet to disclose them."
(wsj, 1/26/04, "boardroom ties – inside adelphia: a long battle over
disclosing stock options")  now
that mr. gelber is no longer a member of the bod, will adelphia ever make the
option-disclosure and/or reveal the amount of shareholders' assets that were
wasted on the matter?
       
even the attorneys have undisclosed conflicts of interest.  "about a
half dozen ... boies schiller client have used ... the document-management
company amici llc.... one of amici's founders was william f. duker... 
duker, a lawyer and former associate of mr. boies, pleaded guilty to four felony
counts and was sentenced to 33 months in prison in 1997 for falsely inflating
legal bills to the federal government. ... adelphia communications corp.
disclosed this week that boies schiller resigned as special counsel to the
company at adelphia's request after the cable company discovered business ties
between mr. boies's family and amici  ... what it considered a
conflict.  adelphia didn't know of any boies family ties at the time it
hired amici.  mr. boies in an interview yesterday said that she should have
fully disclosed his childrens' (sic) ownership interest in amici. ... he added
that 'a half dozen, or maybe eight boies schiller clients also use amici.' ...
mr. boies also confirmed that members of his family indirectly own stakes in a
documents copying company ... (which is) boies schiller's in-house copying
service. ... mr. boies has long held out himself and his law firm as corporate
governance champions.  [h]e (duker) assisted boies in 1990 to represent the
federal deposit insurance corp....  mr. duker began fiddling with the bills
in october 1990, a month after the fdic work began...  [w]hile mr. duker
had a small investment in the company (amici), mr. duker's family had a larger
stake."  (wsj, 8/31/05, "more boies clients used family
firm")   why would boies deal with a known convicted felon,
especially one convicted on submitting false billing statements, and not reveal
that information to clients who depend on the accuracy of billing statements?  
there are other law firm games.  some partners of law firms have been known
to possess ownership interests in limousine companies, whose services are billed
to clients without disclosure of the ownership interest.
       
"a new york bankruptcy judge has ordered an ethics investigation into whether well-known
lawyer david boies's law firm, boies, schiller & flexner llp, should have
disclosed partners' ties to companies used by firm client adelphia
communications corp. … mr. boies admitted he should have disclosed his
family's ownership interests to the companies. … in a motion filed before the
hearing, boies schiller said that … bankruptcy rules don't require lawyers to
disclose ties to document companies."  (wsj,
2/8/06, "judge orders probe into boies firm")



 


       
bankruptcy examiners may have motives to protect directors.  "while
the (neal) batson reports assign lots of blame to enron's bankers, lawyers,
accountants and former executives, some parties didn't fare so badly.  for
instance, there wasn't sufficient evidence to conclude that enron's outside
directors had 'displayed sustained inattention to their monitoring
responsibilities or consciously disregarded red flags,' one batson report
said.  by contrast, a 2002 report by the senate permanent subcommittee on
investigations found that the directors had 'witnessed numerous indications of
questionable practices by enron management over several years, but chose to
ignore them.'  one attorney who has followed the enron bankruptcy
speculates that mr. batson was reluctant to criticize the outside directors for
fear that it could complicate the company's efforts to sue outside institutions,
such as enron's banks." (wsj, 3/18/04, "in his own defense: was enron
inquiry worth $90 million?")


 



       
if directors are not satisfied with negative recommendations, they will seek
a "rebuttal" second opinion.  "the senate governmental
affairs committee, in a 97-page report due to be released today, also concluded
that ullico's board failed to oversee former chairman robert georgine's
compensation and spending, including payments to a lobbyist friend and company
loans to a nephew that weren't repaid.  committee
chairwoman susan collins (r., maine) blamed the company's 28-member board, which
she said held infrequent, poorly attended meetings.  ullico is the parent
of union labor life insurance co., a life insurer to union members since 1925. 
'the report documents what i find to be an extraordinary example of
insider dealing, corruption and abuse of power,' said sen. collins.  'the
board and management of ullico betrayed the trust of shareholders. and when you
consider that the shareholders are union pension funds, it makes it all the more
unacceptable.'  … 
in early 2002, a scandal erupted following public reports that ullico
executives and board members pocketed $10.6 million by allegedly manipulative
transactions in ullico stock. ullico hired former illinois gov. james thompson
as a special counsel to do an internal audit…. 
mr. thompson's … report said ullico officers and board members 'arguably
acted inappropriately' and recommended the stock profits be returned. … 
ullico executives paid $1.6 million to the law firm sidley austin brown
& wood llp to produce a 29-page 'rebuttal' of the thompson report…. 
thomas green, a sidley austin attorney, said that … the $1.6 million
also includes fees for other ullico work." 
(wsj, 6/2/04, "senate panel questions spending by insurer ullico's
ex-chairman")  how credible can
a "rebuttal" report be when the author has the prospect of other work
assignments from the target of the investigation?


 



       
"the
two members of  oracle's special litigation committee (slc) who effectively
exonerated their four co-directors of any wrongdoing had far more overlaps with
the board members they were investigating than they volunteered—specifically,
the extent of their connections with, and at, stanford university. … 
the oracle case began with the 2001 sale of some 30 million shares by
inside directors  larry ellison (ceo and then chairman) and  jeffrey henley
 (cfo
and now chairman) and outsiders donald lucas, a venture capitalist, and michael
boskin, a professor of economics at stanford and a former chairman of the
council of economic advisers. …  oracle’s
board formed the slc to investigate the merits of the derivative suit brought.... 
it's rare for an slc to conclude that the plaintiffs have a case.… the
committee consisted of just two directors—hector garcia-molina, chairman of
the computer science department at stanford, and joseph grundfest, a
professor of law and business at the university’s law school and a former
commissioner of the securities and exchange commission. 
… [t]here were close ties between the slc members and the defendants
that perhaps should have sounded a warning bell. … grundfest and garcia-molina
… concluded that oracle should
not pursue any claims against the four—or against the rest of the board…..  
[h]e (judge strine of the delaware supreme court) did say that they were
simply too conflicted to be able to assess the behavior of boskin, ellison,
henley, and lucas objectively…  strine
observed that the law 'cannot assume—absent some proof of the point—that
corporate directors are, as a general matter, persons of unusual social bravery,
who operate heedless to the inhibitions that social norms generate for ordinary
folk.'  in other words, we’re all
affected by the social milieu in which we find ourselves." 
corporate
board member, special legal issue 2004,  "hot
topics: too few degrees of separation can
spell trouble for directors")


 

       
"the securities and exchange commission, broadening its pursuit of
professional advisors in corporate fraud cases, is considering suing a lawyer
hired to help with an irvine

 medical device maker's internal accounting probe…. 
 the sec notified former brobeck, phleger & harrison
partner christopher mcgrath … that he might face civil sanctions for his role
in an investigation at endocare inc….. 
sec enforcement director stephen m. cutler said recently that he also was
concerned that some lawyers hired to investigate signs of fraud might have
helped cover it up. … endocare issued a news release last year saying the
probe he conducted found no 'intentional wrongdoing by management.' 
about a month later, endocare said it was under investigation by the
justice department and the sec, which has since threatened to sue the company
and its former managers. … 
endocare's audit committee hired mcgrath in october 2002 to
examine 'certain transactions and accounting practices' at the company…. 
mcgrath was retained after an endocare finance executive contacted a
board member 'expressing concerns' about the company's accounting.... 
the executive, joseph hafermann, was fired two months after mcgrath's
arrival for 'misconduct,' .… " 
(lat, 12/7/04, "sec may sue lawyer in endocare probe") 
a quick search of sec filings reveals, "the internal
investigation. … [y]our audit committee instructed brobeck, phleger &
harrison ('brobeck'), endocare's outside legal counsel, to conduct an
investigation of the matters raised by mr. hafermann."  how
reliable can the results an investigation be when it is performed by the
company’s own "outside legal counsel"?  further, the potential
results of an accounting investigation might lead straight to the audit
committee's doorstep.

 

       
"[t]he
audit committee retained an independent law firm to investigate certain
issues.... following its investigation, the independent law firm
concluded that neither the company nor any of its employees engaged in any intentional
misconduct related to these issues." 
(krispy kreme, 12/15/04, form 8k) 
one should wonder as to krispy kreme's criteria in determining whether
the unnamed law firm is truly "independent" and whether krispy kreme
admitted that it engaged in "misconduct" that was other than
"intentional."

 

       
"[w]hile increasingly popular, internal investigations are extremely
delicate undertakings….  internal
investigations are also filled with potential conflicts… when directors who
order investigations are themselves being investigated by the government for
possible culpability. 
 … 
the downside of the trend is that in-house lawyers at companies are much
less likely to document -- in memos, letters, e-mails or otherwise -- complaints
about wrongdoing, for fear a paper record could come back to haunt them during
an internal investigation.
 … 
internal reports often wind up as weapons in the hands of plaintiffs'
attorneys." 
(washington

 post, 12/31/04, "when companies investigate themselves")

 

       
"mr. (kenneth l.)  lay (former chairman and ceo of enron) instructed his
legal team to bring in vinson & elkins, a houston law firm to investigate;
the lawyers concluded there were no significant problems.  however, the
firm had done the legal work on the entities under investigation, and mr. lay
has been sharply criticized for seeking advice from a conflicted party. 
but mr. lay said that given the gravity of the accusations, he wanted a fast
answer, which he thought the firm could provide because of its familiarity with
the issues.  indeed, mr. lay said, a subsequent review by independent
lawyers and accountants, which found serious flaws in the structures, took three
months to conclude."  (nyt, 6/27/04, "crimes of others wrecked
enron, ex-chief says")  "(sherron)
watkins, however, had specifically warned lay against allowing  vinson &
elkins to conduct the investigation.  'can't use v&e due to conflict,'
she wrote in her memo. 'they provided some true sale opinions on some of the
deals.'  in other words, she argued that the firm would be ruling on the
propriety of legal opinions it had itself issued." (lat, 1/16/02, "memo
warned of enron's
setup
being seen as 'hoax'")  "vinson
& elkins was more dependent financially on enron's business than andersen
ever was, taking about 7% of its revenue from billings to the bankrupt energy
trader--an unusually large percentage for a firm of v&e's size."
(forbes, 3/14/02, "it's the lawyers' turn to
answer for enron") 
was
the initial "investigation" merely a charade to make sure that mr. lay
received the results that he wanted/needed?
       
"the defense in the enron trial presented testimony wednesday that tried to
cast doubt on allegations of accounting irregularities made by sherron
s. watkins, a former enron vice president, in a 2001 memo to the former
chairman, kenneth l. lay. the testimony was given by a lawyer, max
hendrick iii, who said he had been hired by enron to perform a preliminary
investigation of ms. watkins's suspicions and determine if a more comprehensive
investigation was needed. he was testifying in the fraud trial of mr. lay and
the former chief executive, jeffrey k. skilling. mr. hendrick testified
that he found that some of her allegations were based on office gossip and that
others were based on footnotes in documents filed with the securities and
exchange commission. … mr. hendrick testified that he and a colleague at a law
firm, vinson & elkins, conducted the investigation.  …
on cross-examination, prosecutors questioned whether mr. hendrick could conduct
a proper investigation because his law firm worked for enron, and its business
was worth as much as $40 million a year. mr. hendrick conceded his firm was 'not
independent for purposes of doing a true independent investigation,' but said
his work was preliminary and could have been turned over to another firm had he
discovered what he thought was any wrongdoing. mr. hendrick said his
investigation did not focus on accounting issues and found no evidence of any
crimes. but he said he warned mr. lay and some board members that the company
faced some risks." 
(reuters, 4/6/06, "lawyer hired by enron says he found no
fraud") one wonders whether the caveat "not independent for purposes
of doing a true independent investigation" and information pertaining to
the $40 million was included in the report at the time of its release to enron
shareholders and the investing public. 
what were the "risks" of which the bod was "warned"
and what did the bod do in response? 
       
"enron corp.'s outside law firm conducted a cursory probe in the fall
of 2001 of accounting complaints raised by whistle-blower sherron
watkins, asking employees who had already approved questionable financial
arrangements whether the deals were proper….  max hendrick iii … testified that because of the firm's
relationship with enron, it would have had to bow out if a more extensive probe
had been required. …  hendrick
testified wednesday that he and firm partner joe
dilg agreed in discussions with lay and (jim)
derrick (enron's former general
counsel) to limit the scope of the investigation. 
hendrick said he and dilg sought only to find out whether senior enron
managers and enron's outside auditors at arthur andersen were familiar with
issues raised by watkins and whether a more detailed probe was necessary.  they didn't dig into accounting propriety or whether executives they interviewed
told them the truth.  … [o]utsiders
would have needed more time to get familiar with the issues watkins raised, and
lay and derrick wanted a fast conclusion."  (lat,
4/6/06, "enron's law firm conducted cursory probe, witness says") 
was there a conflict of interest as the law firm had $40 million in
annual billings in jeopardy if it confirmed the truth of watkins’ allegations? 
who was to decide whether "a more extensive probe" was
required?  did the bod see any
engagement letter where the law firm specified that the scope of its
investigation was limited?  the
"time to get familiar with the issues" continues to be a generic
excuse to permit conflicts of interest.


       
"the convictions of ken lay and jeff skilling are less than a week old, and
yet conclusions are already being drawn about whether 'corporate wrongdoing' is
a thing of the past. … 7. whistleblowers aren't whistleblowers if they blow
their whistles inside the company walls. someone should inform time
magazine's person-of-the-year department that writing a 'cover-your-behind' memo
to your boss about financial irregularities within the firm is not 'whistleblowing.'
having the guts to risk your job and reputation, by bringing evidence of those
irregularities to the proper financial authorities, is. enough said. 8.
special investigations by corporate boards are almost always a waste of
time/money, and often prove highly misleading. as a corollary to lesson no.
7, when questions are raised internally about possible financial improprieties,
corporate boards often hire counsel to conduct investigations on their behalf.
this is done foremost for their own protection ('we investigated once we
knew!'), and only incidentally to uncover unpleasant facts that such boards,
charged with oversight as a duty, should've known about already. many boards, in
a wonderful example of willful blindness, simply don't want to know. in fact,
one well-regarded washington
 law firm forensic accounting swat team, headed by a former sec enforcement
director, managed to not find much wrong at either enron or tyco, despite
abundant internal documents at their disposal. such incompetence is highly
rewarded in future corporate assignments. rely on these reports at your own
risk." (wsj, 5/30/06, commentary: "short-lived lessons from an enron
short")


       
"enron's former law firm, vinson & elkins, has agreed to pay the
company $30 million to settle claims of contributing to its collapse in 2001 by
signing off on questionable deals. the firm, which once earned up to $40 million
a year from enron, admitted no liability in the settlement." (ap, 6/2/06,
"ex-enron law firm to pay $30 million")


 


       
"three years ago, mr. (s. prestley) blake filed a lawsuit, seeking to make
the chairman of friendly, donald n. smith, repay part of the cost of operating an $8 million
company jet he used to fly across the u.s. mr. blake has prodded the company to
acknowledge some unreported personal use of the plane and has uncovered details
of transactions between friendly and another company mr. smith once controlled.  …
mr. blake also wants mr. smith to repay hundreds of thousands of dollars in pay
he received while serving for a time as friendly chief executive but -- as he
acknowledges -- working only part time. … mr. blake sees himself as a frugal
founder who nurtured the company like a child, while in his view mr. smith
epitomizes a breed of professional managers who collect perks from compliant
directors. … two weeks ago … massachusetts superior court judge john
agostini said friendly hadn't investigated mr. blake's claims in good faith. he
lambasted directors for 'lockstep loyalty' to management and for being 'largely
oblivious' to their obligation to police dealings between friendly and the
chairman's other company. … [i]n 1988 after the holding company through which
mr. smith owned perkins acquired friendly. … in a 1997 offering, he sold
friendly shares to the public. afterward, mr. smith owned about 9% of friendly,
along with 70% of perkins. the two chains continued to do business together. …
in january 2001, the two men met at mr. blake's winter home in stuart,
fla.

 … with the tape running, mr. smith, who then was ceo of friendly as well as
chairman, said: 'i don't spend hardly any time at friendly's anymore. i go in
two days a month, i go in to board meetings, i'm available and we talk once or
twice a week on the phone, but make no doubt about it -- i really do not run
friendly's anymore.' … that year, friendly paid mr. smith about $500,000 in
annual salary and bonus. the company says this was appropriate and that
directors knew he worked part-time. in 2003, … mr. blake … repeatedly wrote
to friendly demanding it investigate the jet, mr. smith's part-time status and
other matters. it did, and found nothing to mr. blake's complaints. in 2003, mr.
blake filed suit…. the suit prompted friendly to begin a second inquiry, by a
board committee. the panel filed a report last year. it concluded that from 1998
through 2002, friendly had paid for 65 hours of flights on the company plane --
equal to about 10% of its trips -- that were either for mr. smith's personal
travel or for perkins business. mr. smith then wrote friendly a check for
$65,323. … the report found no other problems… friendly says its
investigation included an outside law firm and a forensic accountant, which
examined 20 boxes of documents. but judge agostini … said the committee's
'perfunctory treatment of the learjet costs paid by friendly falls far short of
a reasonable inquiry into blake's claims.' the judge noted that friendly didn't
interview steven mcclellan, a former chief financial officer of the smith
company that owned perkins. …  from
1997 through 2004, friendly spent $5.4 million buying pancake mix, frozen
muffins, cakes and other items from a perkins division, according to friendly's
filings with the securities and exchange commission. … [a]n expert witness
hired by mr. blake said ... that friendly was getting a poorer deal than
perkins. the board committee at friendly said the discrepancy was due to
different business mixes. the judge expressed skepticism because of a lack of
documentation. mr. blake's expert also said friendly may have given favorable
treatment to two sons of mr. smith, jeffrey and stacy, who operate friendly
franchises in
pennsylvania.  among other transactions, his report focused on a $112,500 fee refund --
the biggest ever to a franchise developer -- that friendly gave to the brothers.
… the board committee at friendly found no favoritism.  judge agostini
said friendly lacked documentation showing the sons were given no preference
related to the refund. … mr. blake also objected to close ties between
mr. smith and three of the other four friendly directors in recent years. two
had served on perkins-related boards. a third (burt manning, a former
chief executive of ad agency j. walter thompson) said in a deposition in 2004,
with mr. blake's suit in progress, that he had recently agreed to become a
$5,000-a-day consultant to perkins. … judge agostini said members of the
friendly board seemed 'largely oblivious' to their 'obligations as a director,
as well as the nature of the challenged transactions....'  friendly
responds that its directors are respected business leaders who wouldn't risk
their reputations by compromising their independence."  (wsj,
6/9/06, "sundae punch: none too
friendly: allegations swirl at ice cream shop") 
directors never think that they could "compromise their
independence," because "they are respected business leaders" and
"respected business leaders" are above such frailties, which only
inhabit mere mortals whose circumstances do not permit them to "collect perks from compliant
directors."


 


       
"over the past 15 years, the board of unitedhealth group inc.
couldn't have been more supportive of its chairman and chief executive, william mcguire. directors lavished close to $2 billion in
compensation on him, counting stock options, as he built unitedhealth into one
of the country's largest health insurers. some directors moved with him in
social and charity circles. ... [t]he board formed a special committee. it hired
william mclucas, a former securities
and exchange commission enforcement director, now at the law firm of wilmer
cutler pickering hale & dorr. ...  directors
not on the special committee received the 14-page report for the first time that
morning, a person close to the board says.  the
strongly-worded report concluded it was likely that backdating had occurred and
that dr. mcguire played a central role. citing the ceo's claim that he didn't
backdate any stock options, the report dryly said, 'certain facts run contrary
to this assertion.'  the report
didn't suggest any complicity by directors on the compensation committee. it
said it 'might have been better' if they had paid more attention to the granting
process and asked more questions."  (wsj,
12/7/06, "how a giant insurer decided to oust hugely successful ceo") 
how could there be any doubt as to whether it would have been
"better" for shareholders if the directors were not asleep at the
wheel?  on the other hand, why bite
the hand....


 


       
"an outside investigation ordered by merck
& co.'s board largely exonerated the drug maker's management of any
wrongdoing in developing and marketing the painkiller vioxx, citing much of the
same evidence that critics say shows merck acted irresponsibly. plaintiffs'
attorneys dismissed the investigation as a whitewashing exercise. … [r]etired
u.s. district judge john s. martin jr. took up 27 allegations that critics have
leveled against merck, ultimately rejecting the central elements of each one.
mr. martin is with the law firm debevoise
& plimpton llp. …  plaintiffs'
attorney christopher seeger called the report 'a legal brief on behalf of the
company.'  he added: 'if law firms
like debevoise said anything negative about the companies that hire them to do
these reports, they'd never be hired by a big company again.' … if mr.
martin's report had laid blame on merck's management, it would have been sure to
feed the litigation frenzy." (wsj, 9/7/06, "merck vioxx probe clears
officials board-ordered report says management acted fairly,
didn't intend to mislead")  perhaps,
a bod, which supposedly knows how drug testing should properly be conducted,
should have requested a double-blind investigation. 



 


       
"in at least one case, federal officials have stepped in when they felt an
internal probe wasn't getting to the bottom of the matter, according to a person
familiar with the circumstances. at affiliated
computer services inc., a dallas-based technology outsourcing company,
executives benefited from a tremendously unlikely pattern of timing grants. a
wall street journal analysis last march put the odds at 300 billion to one that
the dates on which grants purportedly had been awarded to the company's former
ceo were chosen randomly. the company used its longtime outside counsel to
conduct the probe. in may the company announced a preliminary finding that there
was no intentional backdating to enrich executives." (wsj, 10/28/06,
"in options probes, private law firms play crucial role ")




 

       
the
story continues with wells fargo bank's bod, where the "independent"
report was severely criticized.  the critique is entitled, "one
take on the report of the independent directors of wells fargo: vote the bums
out." 




 


               
8.   
sec is reluctant to act against non-executive directors 

 

       
it appears that the sec can not or will not discipline directors selected by management
even in the most egregious of instances.  "one sec official says, 'there's the fear that rather
than serving on boards, they'll just go off and play golf.' ... lynn turner, a
former sec chief accountant, contends enron represents a perfect opportunity for
the sec to go after directors.  'if you don't go after this board, you're
telling the public you ain't going after any board,' he says.  sarah a. b. teslik
[executive director, council of institutional investors] ... adds
that if the sec doesn't pursue a case against enron's ... directors, it will be
sending the message that 'it is ok to be unaware that your company is a complete
house of cards.' ... but the sec confirms that ... to date it hasn't brought any
cases [against directors who were not also company officers]." (wsj, 9/25/02, "sec isn't likely to discipline enron
board")  "[i]t
was revealed that as head of u.s. technologies' audit committee, he (former
fbi director webster)
voted to fire the outside auditors after they questioned its internal controls.
... corporate directors typically do not face
sec enforcement actions over corporate accounting issues." (chicago tribune,
7/3/04, "sec
chief to avoid easylink case")  there may be some progress in one area.  "[l]ast
week, a ray of hope shown through the dark cloud surrounding the sec and
something incredible happened.  the sec brought some turning-point charges
against several fund companies and their boards of directors for breach of
fiduciary duty. ... [t]he sec accused the directors and their funds of acting
unethically in charging outrageously high expenses for simple index funds. ...
index funds require no portfolio management expertise, yet several fund families
are charging as much as 10 times more than the competition." (cbs.marketwatch.com,
2/4/04, "put all funds on trial")  it's a move in the right
direction, but only against a very soft target.

 

        "at issue is whether fines are an appropriate and effective tool for
changing corporate behavior.  proponents of fines ... argue that financial
penalties deter companies from engaging in illegal behavior.  but opponents
... say penalties effectively punish shareholders who already have been
victimized by a company's fraud, further damaging the value of corporate
shares....  (and) maintained that the sec should instead concentrate on
fining individuals involved in fraud...." (wsj, 11/12/04, "as
corporate fines grow, sec debates how much good they do")  there is a
simple solution --- the sec could, if it truly desires some behavior
modification, fine both companies and culpable individuals, e.g., directors

 

               
9.   
media stunts mask maintaining status quo

 

       
"t.k. kerstetter, president of board member, inc., which publishes
corporate board member magazine, said there's no way for outsiders to know how
serious a board is about carrying out reforms. 'is there any way to tell if this
is window dressing or solid governance?  i don't know how somebody would be
able to tell the difference.'" (dayton daily news, 6/7/03, "dpl
directors' ties raise red flags")

 

      
companies will develop innovative means
by which to try to convince the investing public that they seek "independent" directors while, in reality, maintaining the status
quo.  nothing will change, except appearances. 
"healthsouth corp. … is
naming four outside advisers to help field new candidates for the board.  
the appointments … are part of healthsouth's efforts to address
concerns about the independence and effectiveness of its board…. the
advisers are charles m. elson....  the four will work with the board's nominating/corporate governance
committee, along with two outside search firms, to identify and evaluate two or
three new director candidates." (wsj, 1/27/03, "healthsouth appoints
advisers to find candidates for board")  we
are  not told whether the ultimate director-candidate selection decision still rests with
the ceo.  we are  not informed whether the
advisors are obligated to
publicly blow-the-whistle  if the
healthsouth declines to accept the advisors’ advice.  we are

not told how and in what manner the healthsouth will compensate the advisors for their
efforts.  further, the advisors may be very interested in earning a positive reference from
healthsouth in order to bootstrap their role into a lucrative advisory assignment at another
company.  if the directors on healthsouth's nominating committee were ineffective, would it not be more efficient and less costly to replace
them?  where is the accountability?  "one anticipated addition to the healthsouth
board is charles m. elson…." (wsj, 6/22/04, "healthsouth may alter
board")

 

        some
corporations may claim to voluntarily allow shareholder nominations of director
candidates, but it is no more than a publicity stunt.  "at
least one u.s. company is acting on its own. 
last year, ralph whitworth persuaded fellow directors at apria
healthcare group inc., a home-health concern based in lake forest, calif.,
to let shareholders nominate board candidates without a full-blown proxy fight. 
stockholders owning at least 5% of apria's common shares for two years
can propose two new directors every year -- and get their picks listed alongside
the official slate. the change went into effect this year, but no shareholders
came forward with their own candidates in time for this year's annual meeting
next month."  (wsj, 3/22/04,
"democracy looks for an opening -- in the boardroom") 
apria’s "policy regarding alternative director nominations
by stockholders" and a current list of substantial shareholders provides added
details.  individual investors are
effectively excluded from the nomination process. 
four (4) mutual funds and institutional shareholders of apria currently
own 5% of the shares; however, whether any meets the two (2) year and 5% ownership
requirements may be another story.  none
--- most likely due to fear of legal entanglements --- of the top mutual fund
and institutional shareholders of apria has nominated a director candidate at
any corporation.  director
candidates must specify the incumbent director being challenged rather than run
at-large.  essentially, only the
candidate’s name rank and serial number will be included in apria's proxy
materials as opposed to even a minimal statement or reference to a website.   if a candidate is not elected, he/she must wait four
(4) more years to be nominated again.  the
media has a way of making situations appear other than they are.

 

       
shareholders will be permitted to nominate directors as part of class-action
settlements? 
"broadcom corp. will settle a shareholder suit by agreeing to a
number of reforms, such as allowing stockholders to nominate a member of the
board of directors, plaintiffs' attorneys said…." (reuters, 7/20/04,
"boardcom settles suit, agrees to board reforms") 
the same attorneys were responsible for a class-action settlement with hanover
compressor, which included the provision requiring shareholder-nominated
board members. 
"ii. shareholder nominated directors 
… lead plaintiffs' counsel (or their designee), in coordination
with the chairman of the board of hanover (or his designee) shall seek to
identify potential directors. 
in undertaking this process, lead plaintiffs' counsel (or their
designee), in coordination with the chairman of the board of hanover (or his
designee) shall contact each individual or entity holding more than 1%
(but less than 10%) of the company's common stock for the purpose of requesting
that such shareholder or shareholders provide the name or names of candidates
for hanover's board of directors. lead plaintiffs' counsel, in coordination with
the chairman of the board, shall conduct an appropriate review (including
background information and interviews of prospective candidates) and submit the
names of the individuals determined to be qualified (as measured against criteria
to be established by hanover's board of directors in the exercise of their
business judgment) to the nomination and corporate governance committee for
review. … hanover's nominating and corporate governance committee shall review
each of the candidates submitted to it by lead plaintiffs' counsel and select
from among them the two determined by the committee in the exercise of its
business judgment as the most appropriate for being added to hanover's board. 
in the event that two are not selected from those presented to the
nominating and corporate governance committee, lead plaintiffs' counsel shall be
… given an opportunity (utilizing the process noted above) to continue to
submit qualified candidates until two candidates are identified." 
(hanover compressor corporate governance settlement term sheet) 
what is the realty? what is the financial incentive of a class-action
attorney to stick around after the case is settled? 
what is the downside of finding a "designee" to do the grunge work? 
why is the attorney limited to soliciting names from 1%+ shareholders? 
what if none exists or fails to respond? 
how many times will the attorney and/or 1%+ shareholder, if any, continue
to submit names of prospective candidates if hanover has decided that the prior
candidates don’t meet hanover’s vague "criteria"?  "ashland
inc. ... stated that it agreed to solicit director candidates from major
shareholders, and to nominate a qualified candidate for election to the
board. ... under the agreement, (microtune) shareholders ... can nominate
one director beginning 2005 ... and a second director ... in 2006.  the
deal also calls for the plaintiff's attorney to select a corporate governance
consultant, who along with a member of the board will identify potential
directors. ... the consultant and board member will then submit names of
viable candidates to the nominating and corporate governance committee for
review."  (iss friday, 2/4/05, "ashland will allow investors to
nominate directors")  are the nominating committees authorized to
reject the "qualified" or "viable" candidates during their
"review"?  further, a quick read of most states' corporations
codes would reveal that shareholders already have the right to formally nominate
director candidates.  why haven't those 1% shareholders already nominated
candidates?  would they bother to do so if they were solicited?

 

       
"disney is heeding its critics on some level.  christy wood, a senior
investment officer at calpers, said she recently received a letter from messrs.
mitchell, eisner and iger asking for the big pension funds' advice in filling a
board seat.  'we will be providing input,' ms. woods said.  disney
said that it sent the same letter to more than 100 top investors, and that it
regularly solicits such input."  (wsj, 4/29/04, "as suitor
leaves stage, eisner becomes focus")  this is pure pr genius! 
now, each of the pension funds will be able to claim "victory" in its
effort to reform corporate governance at disney and disney will file their
director-candidate suggestions in its circular floor cabinet.  the bod can
recommend a director-candidate claiming that the person was suggested by one or
more of the "top 100 investors," but none of the "top 100
investors" will be able to determine whether another actually made the
recommendation.   everyone wins, but the shareholders. 



 


       
"pfizer inc. said friday that its longtime director and former vice
chairman,  jean-paul valles, has resigned from its board of directors. … pfizer
officials said the 68-year-old valles’ resignation is unrelated to its
announcement earlier this week that it was amending corporate governance rules
affecting its directors. … on thursday, pfizer announced that it would require
any director who receives a majority of 'withheld' votes at the annual election
of company directors to offer to resign.  the
company’s shareholders can vote ‘yes’ or 'withhold' when they vote on a
director. … the company has said that investors were concerned that some
director could be elected with only a few positive votes from a handful of
shareholders.”  (6/25/05,
theday, "veteran director resigns from
pfizer") the reality is that there is no requirement that the resignation
offer be accepted, stated time within which, if accepted, it would be effective
or means to remove the director if his/her resignation is not timely tendered. 
further, the selection of a replacement director would still be within
the power of those who selected the director found to be unacceptable to
shareholders.  "under the
amendment to pfizer's corporate governance principles, any director who receives
a majority of withheld votes must submit his or her resignation to the board. the
board will in turn consider the resignation and make a recommendation."
(6/23/05, pfizer press release, "pfizer to amend corporate
governance principles regarding election of directors")


 


       
the sec exaggerates the power of the internet.  "the full interview with new
sec chairman christopher cox:  …
 q: what's your view on
the debate over shareholder access and whether shareholders should have the
ability to nominate and elect directors?  a: the internet as a
medium of exchange of information has revolutionized almost every part of our
lives. it is ironic that … we have not taken greater advantage of the low cost
of communication offered by the internet. already, i'm happy to observe, we can
vote our proxies over the internet or by telephone and already some, but not
all, documents can be delivered to shareholders electronically. but we are still
fighting over who pays the substantial costs of shareholder communication when
those costs could be reduced to near insignificance if we relied more thoroughly
on electric communication  q: so if somebody wanted to wage a proxy
fight to propose their own set of director candidates, it wouldn't be
prohibitively expensive because they could use the internet?  a:
right. shareholder democracy, just like political democracy, is enhanced by
internet communications." (wsj, 9/19/05, "sec's new leader shares his
views on range
 of 
issues")  commissioner cox is on the
right track, but it is obvious that he has never engaged in a proxy contest. 
he incorrectly assumes that shareholder identities, including email
addresses, are readily and inexpensively available and that companies and their
transfer agents will not use every available means to stifle such
communications.  further, he appears
not to be aware of the monopoly that adp exercises in the process.  see, 
e.g., annotated committee comment letter to sec
dated april 26, 2004.



 


       
"activist investors like crescendo
(partners lp) increasingly are penetrating boardrooms without a
fight.  in the first quarter, 30 u.s.
 companies ceded seats to dissidents without proxy fights, up from 23 in the
same period last year and nine in 2006, according to data tracker factset
sharkwatch. among companies formally targeted by activist investors, fewer take
the matter to a shareholder vote: 32% last year, down from 61% in 2001. 
... several forces are behind the shift. changing
corporate-governance rules give investors a bigger say on the election of
directors and make proxy challenges more credible. activists, meanwhile, are
more selective, seeking a handful of board seats instead of trying to oust a
full board and focusing on battles they think they can win.... 
activists are enhancing their credibility by nominating experienced
corporate leaders for their slates. ... gaining a board seat doesn't guarantee
big changes, however. jerome york quit the board of general motors corp.
in october 2006 after serving less than a year and failing to push through an
alliance with renault sa and nissan motor co. ...  other
times, a dissident seat on a board can presage big changes. after negotiating
two board seats at sovereign bancorp inc. in 2006, activist investor ralph
whitworth successfully lobbied for the ouster of the bank's ceo. mr.
whitworth threatened proxy fights at sprint nextel corp. and home
depot inc., prompting management shake-ups that led to the resignation of
both companies' ceos last year. in the past 12 years, mr. whitworth's relational
investors llc has obtained board seats at 13 companies through negotiated
settlements."  (wsj, 4/7/08,
"boards give up taming act")  this
is more company propaganda.  what are
"changing corporate-governance rules"?  let's
not get too excited as there are 14,000 companies with publicly traded stock.
how many need new, honest and efficient blood on their bods? 
how many persons, who have succeeded to the bod, have been isolated by
their fellow bod members?



 


       
home depot entered into a stipulation for
settlement, which some touted to "allow large or group shareholders to
nominate directors."  however, when one examines the small print, one
learns that the bod is only required to "consider" the nomination.



 


       
"eli lilly & co.'s shareholders approved amendments to the
company's bylaws to require a majority vote to elect directors. previously,
directors were elected by a plurality of the vote. the indianapolis-based drug
maker said the change is meant to require a director who gets less than a
majority of the votes to offer to resign immediately, according to a securities
and exchange commission filing. once a director offers to resign, the company's
directors and corporate-governance committee will advise the board whether to
accept or reject the resignation, or whether other action should be taken. (wsj,
4/28/08, "directors' elections now need majority") 
when was the last time a bod accepted the resignation of a director who
received less than a majority of the votes cast? 
the bod will simply determine that the subject director is just too
valuable to accept his/her resignation.  this
is another example of form over substance.
 


 


       
"aflac on monday became the first american company to give
shareholders a vote on top management’s compensation — or, in governance
parlance, a say on pay. ... say-on-pay votes do not enable shareholders to usurp
the compensation committee's authority. they are a retrospective
thumbs-up-or-down vote on pay that was awarded the previous year — in other
words, a show of confidence or lack thereof in the committee’s actions.  ...
say-on-pay votes fall far short of providing compensation committees with a
blueprint for action, though.  'if
shareholders vote "no," you can't tell if they are against the mix of
cash and equity, the performance metrics, or the whole compensation philosophy,'
said laura thatcher, a partner who specializes in executive compensation at the
law firm of alston & bird. 'and a "yes" vote can make the board
unwilling to change any element of the compensation package in the
future.'" (nyt, 5/6/08, "aflac investors get a say on executive pay, a
first for a u.s. company")

 that's just ducky!


 

       
"the palo alto, calif., technology giant will give its stockholders the
chance to approve so-called proxy access through a bylaw vote at its 2013 annual
meeting. if the measure passes, investors who own at least 3% of h-p
shares for at least three years would be allowed to nominate up to 20% of the
company's directors, the company said. the vote would be binding, meaning h-p
would be bound by the results. currently, proxies only list directors that the
company nominated. activist shareholders have been trying to get proxy access
for some time. in the case of h-p, amalgamated
bank's longview fund, which owns around 400,000 shares of h-p, was expected
to succeed at bringing such a nonbinding proposal to a vote at h-p's 2012 annual
meeting, which takes place in march. but a proposal wasn't included in h-p's
proxy materials, which were filed friday. instead, an h-p spokesman said in a
statement that the company had already reached a deal with amalgamated bank.
under the agreement, h-p has "agreed to put a board-recommended proxy
access proposal to a vote at our 2013 annual meeting of stockholders," he
said.... a spokesman for amalgamated bank said it withdrew its proposal after
h-p agreed to present a proxy-access proposal in 2013. ... proponents say proxy
access should improve returns by forcing boards to be more responsive to
shareholders. without proxy access, investors keen to shake up boards must wage
costly campaigns and foot the bill for distributing their own ballots. ...h-p's
board has come under scrutiny several times in recent years for issues including
a spying scandal and its ousting of a popular chief executive. last year, a
shareholder watchdog criticized the involvement of its then-ceo leo apotheker in
the selection of five new board members.the 3% ownership bar is a high one,
however, as only four h-p shareholders own that much of the technology company,
according to filings." (2/6/12. wsj, "h-p activist investors make
proxy progress")  hmmm.  what
is hp's reason that shareholders wait until 2013? what are all the other terms
of the "deal"? can groups combine to reach the 3%? who are the four hp
shareholders that own 3%? what realistic recourse is available if hp reneges on
the "deal"? what is in place to stop another occurrence of ceo
"involvement" in the bod selection process? 





 


               
10.   
lawsuits and political pressure and distant meetings silence critics

 

       
speaking out at annual meetings of shareholders may result in retaliatory
lawsuits.  "cintas corp. has brought a rare defamation lawsuit
against a boston investment firm (boston trust & investment management) and
one of its executives (timothy smith, senior vice president of the walden asset
management division) for accusing the uniform supplier, at its october annual
shareholders meeting of supporting sweatshops.  ...  the lawsuit seeks
damages of at least $75,000, plus unspecified punitive damages and an injunction
preventing walden from making statements linking cintas to haitian
sweatshops." (the cincinnati enquirer, 2/6/04, "cintas sues for
defamation")   does such a move threaten to silence critics who
will now fear expensive lawsuits? 


 

       
"a new york state court judge dismissed a defamation claim filed by former
new york stock exchange chairman dick grasso against his successor at the big
board, john reed. ... judge charles ramos agreed ... that mr. reed was simply
expressing his opinion about a public dispute.  the judge expressed concern
that a ruling in mr. grasso's favor would curb legitimate criticism of corporate
governance."  (wsj, 3/16/05, "defamation claim by grasso against
nyse's reed is dismissed")

 

       
"sempra energy traveled 6,000 miles for an annual meeting that
included one shareholder question, not many more actual shareholders and a total
elapsed time of 30 minutes. shifting from its customary meeting sites in
southern california to the tony mandarin oriental hyde park hotel in london
, sempra … said it hoped to raise its profile in europe
. … about 50 people were present, and at least half were sempra officers,
directors or employees.  … sempra's
session last year in costa mesa attracted 270 people. the previous year's meeting in newport beach
drew 400. and a session in san diego
 in 2000 attracted more than 1,000. ... about 8 percent of sempra's shares are
held by owners with california
 addresses, twice as many as held by owners with addresses in europe
. … [i]n the united kingdom
 aren't allowed to hold annual meetings abroad without making them available for
internet broadcast. … following the annual meeting … (the) sempra board
members were off to
spain

 to tour a liquefied natural gas receiving terminal. … annual meetings are
investors' sole opportunity to speak directly to management... and
shifting the session to london
 made that difficult or impossible." (union-tribune, 4/6/05, "annual
meeting draws 1 shareholder question")  only a cynic might state that
the real purpose of the far off location was not to avoid the wrath of
shareholders, but to provide expense free rest and recreation to the
directors.  did the directors bring their spouses and/or significant
others?  if so, who covered their expenses?  isn't there an lng
terminal closer to san diego that could be viewed?  does the lng terminal
that the directors will view just happen to be located near barcelona or seville? 
after such a fiesta, how can a director deny the ceo what he/she wants?


 

       
"p.a.m. transportation services inc., based in tontitown, won't allow media
to attend its may 26 annual shareholders' meeting, a practice different from
other publicly-held arkansas

 companies. … (bob) weaver (president and ceo) said he is concerned that
having reporters attend the shareholders' meeting and take notes would
"'interfere with the normal flow of the meeting.'" (the morning news,
4/17/05, "p.a.m. won't let
reporters attend shareholders' meeting") 
sure, the "noise" from a reporter’s laptop computer might be ear shattering --- in more
ways than one.


 

       
"at its (weyerhaeuser’s) annual meeting last thursday, the
company's board and management broke with their longstanding tradition of taking
shareholder questions from an open microphone on the floor. instead, they
required that shareholder questions be submitted in writing, either before or
during the meeting. and steven r. rogel, the company's chief executive,
announced that his directors and managers would devote just 15 minutes to
answering the written questions. it's a disturbing precedent to abolish the
single spontaneous interaction that executives - who, after all, are hired help
- have with their owners every year.  but
weyerhaeuser went even further, according to an investment manager who attended
the meeting, by gaveling down several shareholders who tried to ask questions
from the floor.  and
when management cut short the answer period and a proxy holder stood up to make
a point of order and ask why, a beefy security guard removed him from the
meeting. … to be sure, companies are not required by law to answer
shareholders' questions from the floor at annual meetings. … [a] spokesman for
weyerhaeuser, said… the company answered 12 of about 30 questions that were
submitted and that it planned to communicate its responses to the remaining
queries, though he said he did not know how it would do this. …. while it is
surely no fun for executives to submit to questions about their performance,
their pay or their companies' practices at annual meetings, it should be
considered part of the job. shutting off the microphone allows them to close
their ears to shareholder concerns and helps keep them comfortably insulated
from the real world. 
and because there are typically time limits for each shareholder question
at an annual meeting, the events usually end quickly. weyerhaeuser, for example,
limited questioners to three minutes in past years. the pain for executives, if
there is any, doesn't last too long. … maybe weyerhaeuser's executives and
board should be applauded for letting investors know where they stand. why
should executives pretend, even for an hour a year, that they care about their
owners' views?" (nyt, 4/24/05, "managers to owners: shut up")
 
       
"[a]t mcdonald's corp. this year, (john) chevedden won 71% of the vote on a
proposal requiring that directors up for election receive the votes of a
majority of the company's shares, not just a plurality. but in an apparent sign
of their influence, apache corp., an energy company in houston, took the
unprecedented step this year of suing chevedden to keep his resolution off the
company's ballot.  chevedden called
the suit 'counterproductive — because it sends a message that these things
really are powerful.'  apache
declined to comment. but executives at many companies are said to be frustrated
by the unending stream of proposals from individual activists. this year
chevedden alone proposed resolutions pertaining to 52 companies...." (lat,
8/24/10, "  pesky shareholder activists gain influence")
 
       
"we're now in round 3 of apache
vs. john chevedden. here is apache’s exclusion notice sent to the sec last week
indicating that the company intends to exclude a chevedden proposal based on
eligibility grounds. apache went the 'exclusion notice' route because it's suing
relying on newly minted slb no. 14f rather than making the typical no-action
request.... it will be interesting to see if other companies follow this
atypical route going forward.  ¶
round 1 was apache suing chevedden in 2010 and won its case in the federal district court for the southern
district of texas. ... [a]pache decided to forego a lawsuit last year in round 2
and decided to exclude a proposal from chevedden based on that court win,
combined with the fact that kbr sued chevedden...." (2/1/12, rr donnelley: securities
newsletter, "shareholder
proposals: apache vs. chevedden (again)") this is reminiscent of recent might-makes-right
comments dealing with the latest, greatest mortgage disaster.
"years before the housing bust — before all
those home loans turned
sour and millions of americans faced foreclosure
— a wealthy businessman [nye
lavalle] in florida set out to blow the whistle on
the mortgage game.
... fannie later hired a washington law firm to investigate his claims. in may
2006, that firm, using some of mr. lavalle's research, issued a confidential, 147-page
report corroborating many of his findings. ...  the
lawyers at baker & hostetler did not agree with everything mr. lavalle
said. mark a. cymrot, a partner who
led the investigation, discounted mr. lavalle's fear that fannie could lose
billions if large numbers of foreclosures had to be unwound as a result of
misconduct by its lawyers and servicers. even so, the report didn't conclude
that mr. lavalle was wrong on the legal issues. it simply said that few
people would have the financial resources to challenge foreclosures. in
other words, few people would be like mr. lavalle." (2/4/12, nyt, "a
mortgage tornado warning, unheeded") hopefully, chevedden and his backers
are a lot like mr. lavalle as the (currently) high and mighty will not change
their evil ways.


           
               
11.   
non-binding shareholder proposals are a waste of time

 

       
some individual and institutional shareholders have attempted to influence corporate governance
issues by bringing non-binding shareholder proposals.  however, even when
those non-binding shareholder proposals are approved by
an overwhelming majority of shareholders,  managements
and boards of directors ignore them.  "[t]riumphs often are only symbolic, because the resolutions they
submit aren't binding.  activists agree that the most effective way of
generating change is through a proxy battle that unseats directors.  but
running one of those is far more difficult, expensive and time-consuming than
submitting a shareholder resolution, and is consequently largely off-limits to
small shareholders. ... professional investors rarely bother with nonbinding
resolutions. ... [the committee of concerned shareholders] is now asking the sec
for a rule change that would make it easier and cheaper for shareholders to run
a dissident slate of director-candidates." (thestreet.com, 10/15/02, "mad
as hell --- what can you do about it: voices in the corporate wilderness") 
"hewlett-packard shareholders approved new poison pill guidelines ... in a
move to assert more influence over the company. ... ceo carly fiorina said
the company's board would 'duly consider' the recommendation."  (cbs
marketwatch, 4/2/03, "h-p shareholders ok poison pill
plan")  for all practical purposes, consider it "duly
considered" and rejected. "if hewlett-packard's board has any spine,
it'll do more than just give 'due consideration' to two shareholder measures
adopted at last week's annual meeting. ... there shouldn't be any stalling on
this.  but so far, h-p has responded by noting that the board is not
required to act." (cbs marketwatch, 4/9/03, "h-p shareholders are
'due' respect")  "over management objections, hp shareholders
narrowly passed a shareholder-initiated proposal requesting that hp's board
establish a policy of expensing options in the company's annual income
statement. ... 'the board will continue to carefully deliberate on this matter,'
chairman and chief executive officer carly fiorina said...  the hp
resolution was introduced by the massachusetts laborers' pension fund, which
sponsored similar resolutions at meetings of shareholders of more than 100
companies in the past two years... the fund said ... that it won majority
shareholder support for the proposal at 26 companies, including ... apple
computer inc.  apple shareholders passed a similar resolution last year,
but the company's management declined to heed the suggestion.  apple
reiterated in its most recent annual statement that it will not expense option
costs."  (idg news service, 3/17/04, "hp shareholders vote to
expense option costs")  "carefully deliberate"? 
"isn't that management-speak for 'how about never?'" (nyt, 3/21/04,
"litmus test for ethics: options")  massachusetts laborers' pension fund did not state
what results it achieved from all its effort and expense at the 26
companies.  if the pension fund were truly serious, rather than joining so many
others who accumulate pyrrhic proxy proposal victories, it might have nominated
one candidate for the bod at one of the 100 companies.

 

       
"harold mathis knows the futility of corporate democracy.  he
also knows the power of perseverance. 
for the past four years, the private investor from richmond has submitted
a shareholder proposal at the annual meeting of baker hughes, asking the
oil-field services company to make all its directors stand for re-election each
year.  the
company staggers its board elections, which means shareholders aren't able to
vote in a clean slate if they decide the current group is doing a lousy job. 
at the company's annual meeting april 28, 90 percent of the shareholders
attending backed mathis' proposal. last year, he got 85 percent.  a
majority of shareholders voted for it in each of the two previous years as well.
yet
baker hughes still staggers its board elections, saying it is in investors' best
interest. … like most companies, baker hughes isn't obligated to adopt
shareholder proposals if they pass — even if, as in mathis' case, virtually
all the shareholders support it." 
(houston chronicle, 5/29/04, "he's big on democracy, even if
corporations aren't")

 

       
it has been a long-time widely-known secret that companies attempt to frustrate
shareholders audacious enough to assert their legitimate, but limited, rights to
have their voices heard.  "companies may not longer exclude
shareholder proposals because of minor factual disputes or differing
opinions...  [i]n a staff bulletin this week, the sec said, 'many companies
have begun to assert deficiencies in virtually every line of a proposal's
supporting statement as a means to justify exclusion of the proposal in its
entirety.'"  (lat, 9/17/04, "sec limits 'nitpicking' of investor
proposals")  companies will continue the battle by arguing that the
factual disputes are not "minor."  these grind-down tactics will
continue until there are meaningful penalties to companies and their legal
counsel for engaging in this practice.

 

       
here they go, again. "walt disney co. has taken steps to block an
annual meeting vote aimed at opening the door to the election of two
shareholders-backed directors.  ... disney has notified the securities and
exchange commission  of its intention to exclude the shareholder resolution
from its 2005 ballot, arguing the proponents are out of legal bounds in
submitting the so-called proxy-access proposal. ... the shareholder resolution
calls on disney to essentially become subject to a non-binding version of
the currently stalled sec rule proposal."  (wsj, 10/29/04,
"disney seeks to block proxy vote proposal")
       
media
headlines announcing shareholder victories are sometimes misleading.  
shareholders should take
a close look before they break out the champaign. 
"in a victory for
shareholder activists, the securities and exchange commission said walt disney co. should include on its shareholder ballot a
proposal that could give investors a say in nominating company directors. … it
would give disney shareholders the right to nominate up to two directors in a
board election and have them included on the ballot at no cost to the investors. 
…  the proposal would ask
shareholders at the company's 2005 annual meeting next spring to set up a
process to allow shareholders to nominate up to two directors on the disney
board and for the company to include those nominees in its proxy mailings. …
if that measure is approved by a majority of shares voted, the stockholders
could vote on the outside-nominated directors at the 2006 annual meeting."
(lat, 12/11/04, "disney investor proposal gets a boost from sec --- an
agency opinion backs a vote on giving investors a voice in nominating
directors.")
       
"the proposal -- filed in time to be
voted on by shareholders at the 2005 annual meeting -- calls for a group of
shareholders to be able to nominate up to two directors on disney's 11-member
board and have them included on the company's proxy. if the proposal receives
a majority of votes in 2005, the shareholders could be able to nominate the two
directors for the 2006 annual meeting.  the
coalition of funds includes the california public employees' retirement system
(calpers), the new york state common retirement fund, the afscme employees
pension plan, and the illinois state board of investment. they own more than 18
million shares of disney stock together. …a copy of the disney shareholder
proposal follows:  resolved, that
shareholders of the walt disney company ('disney') ask that disney become
subject to the shareholder right … which would (a) allow a shareholder or
group that has held over 5% of disney’s outstanding common shares for over two
years ('nominating shareholder') to nominate up to a specified number
of candidates ('nominees') who are independent from both the nominating
shareholder and disney for election to disney's board of directors and (b)
require disney to allow shareholders to vote for nominees on disney's proxy
card and to make certain disclosures regarding nominees in disney's proxy
statement."  (press release,
10/12/04, "four public pension funds file shareowner resolution to name
disney directors")   
       
the
proposal, even if it would survive a court challenge by disney and be passed by
a majority of disney shareholders, would not be binding on disney. 
the bod could continue to "consider" the idea for years and, finally,
determine that it is not within the shareholders’ best interests to adopt such
a procedure. 
        

the sponsoring "collation of funds" owns a meager 0.88% (18
million/2.043 billion) of disney stock.  it
would need to reach crucial agreements, e.g., identity of candidates, with
institutional investors with much larger holdings to reach the 5% stock
ownership level.  even assuming that a 5% nominator group could be formed
and held together and its candidates receive more votes than those proposed by
disney, the election (as a non-binding proposal) could still be
"considered" for years by the bod before the results were rejected.
        "disney challenged the staff opinion.  high-powered new york attorney
martin lipton, on behalf of disney, sent a letter to the sec complaining that
the staff opinion was 'an end run around the commission's rule making
process.'  the staff's decision was appealed to the five-member commission
but the sec staff reversed itself before the full commission had a chance to
consider the disney challenge."  (wsj, 12/29/04, "sec says disney
can exclude shareholder resolution after all")
        
why did they not run their own slate
of candidates?  the "coalition of funds" owns $497.34 million (= 18 million x $27.63)
of disney.  one would think that they
could identify a slate of qualified candidates and spring for less than $10,000
to write and file a bare bones proxy statement with the sec, and telephonically
solicit votes from institutional shareholders, which own 67.85% of the stock of
disney.

 

       

media claims of supposed shareholder victories need to be examined. 
"companies also have agreed to policy changes in response to
earlier shareholder resolutions.  on
feb. 16, american electric power announced it had adopted a
policy requiring its board to seek shareholder approval of any future executive
severance agreements that would pay more than 2.99 times the executive's base
salary and target bonus.  the company
acted in response to a 2004 proposal by the international electrical
workers' pension benefit plan. that proposal received a 58 percent vote
from shareholders last april."  (iss
friday, 2/24/05, "companies take action")
       
a reality check is in order.
the text of aep's "policy on
shareholder approval of future executive severance agreements" should be
reviewed.  the terms "future
severance agreement," "benefits" and "special benefits" are defined,
but there are multiple statements of what those terms "will not include." 
severance agreements currently in effect and amendments thereto will not
be included.  (were any severance
agreements entered in anticipation of the policy change?) 
the policy statement does not deal with who determines the "target bonus" or whether it may be set retroactively by the bod in order to
avoid the policy change. 
       

two items of the policy statement are particularly interesting. 
"[t]he board may elect to seek shareholder approval after the parties
have mutually agreed to the material terms of the relevant severance
agreement."  what will aep do if it
has entered into a legally binding agreement, which subsequently does not secure
shareholders approval?  "the board
delegates to the human resources committee full authority to make determinations
regarding the interpretation of the provisions of this policy, in its sole
discretion, including, without limitation, the determination of the value of any
non-cash items, as well as the present value of any cash or non-cash benefits
payable over a period of time."  the
bod has delegated its entire authority, consideration of its fiduciary duties to
protect shareholder interests notwithstanding, to the “human resources
committee" --- 3 "independent" directors of the 11 member bod.  the
hrc does not make recommendations to the bod, but makes the final decision.
       
the term "vote" is only
mentioned in the policy statement.  however,
there are "votes" and there are "votes." 
there is no statement of the nature or impact of the "vote." 
would the "vote" be binding or advisory? 
is one vote, a plurality or super-majority needed to permit the severance
agreement?
       
way to go iew! 
your assistance and the related media coverage should make shareholders
feel protected --- as the game goes on.  hopefully, the iew does better
when negotiating labor contracts.

 

       
"steve bostic … is waging a proxy battle to remove top executives (at
career education corp.). … (and) is asking investors to withhold votes
from three directors the company has nominated for board seats. 
his goal: send management 'a vote of no confidence' and ultimately
remove top executives…. mr. bostic is spending at least a half a million
dollars on his campaign…. mr. bostic also is asking shareholders to force the
company to eliminate a number of anti-takeover provisions…" 
(wsj, 5/17/05, "at career education, a big shareholder wages a proxy
fight") 
this gives new meaning to the term "proxy fight." 
why spend $500,000 to send an ill-defined message when he could get more
bang-for-the-buck by running a slate of alternative director-candidates who know
the exact message to be delivered?  


       
"in a rebuke to management,
stockholders withheld more than 60 percent of the vote friday for the three
nominees to the board of career education corp. and easily approved three
governance proposals by a dissident shareholder. …[t]he three nominees needed
only one vote and were re-elected…   …
bostic … had spent roughly $500,000 to distribute separate proxy cards urging
shareholders to withhold votes from the director nominees. 
he also sought to remove the company's so-called poison pill
anti-takeover defense, to have the company elect its directors annually and to
allow shareholders owning a third of the company's stock to be able to call a
special meeting.  all three, which
are advisory resolutions, passed with support of roughly two-thirds of shares
outstanding. … bostic … called on the three directors to resign within 90
days.  he said he did not want to be
ceo but would be willing to join the board 'if the shareholders wanted me to
serve.'" (chicago tribune, 5/21/05, "shareholders flunk career ed;
more than 60% of votes withheld for 3 nominees") 
consider career education corp.
rebuked.  bostic still needs an education.  for the same
$500,000, he could have run a slate of director-candidates, who would have had a
specific agenda and, if they were elected, would have caused the replacement of
the three objectionable directors tout de
suite.  he could have found out "if shareholders wanted me to
serve" if he were one of the three
director-candidates.  now, the directors that he wants out would
remain in.  send bostic to the dunce’s corner!  on the other hand,
his $500,000 did help to stimulate our economy.

 

       
"mr. bostic said the three management directors should resign by august
and shareholders should suggest replacements."  (wsj, 5/23/05,
"critic prevails at career education")  and, what is mr. bostic
going to do when august comes and the gruesome-threesome have ignored his
suggestion?  further, how does he propose "shareholders ... suggest
replacements"?  should shareholders write to the aforesaid three
directors, who remain on the bod after august, and/or their fellow directors,
who fail to remove them from the bod?  if career education ever offered a
basic course in proxy fighting, bostic should enroll.  

       
"bostic said he didn't nominate candidates
because late last year he was optimistic about the outcome of an investigation
being conducted by a special committee of the board and outside counsel, and he
was encouraged by his talks with major institutional investors about the
company.  'my time came and went for
filing a slate of alternatives to run against the board,' he said. 'i wasn't
ready then.'" (chicago

 tribune, 5/31/05, "steve bostic")  this
sounds more like an excuse for naivety rather than an explanation.

       
"(bostic)
renewed his assault on the company's management, calling for the chief
executive, chief financial officer and two directors to resign. … steve bostic,
an entrepreneur who owns about 1% of career education, or 1.1 million shares.
mr. bostic waged a proxy fight against the company's management in may….
almost two-thirds of shareholders sided with mr. bostic and withheld their votes
for career education's slate of directors. stockholders would consider
other actions, including running a slate of director candidates at next year's
annual meeting, if the company doesn't meet mr. bostic's demands by jan. 1, the
letter said. … career education said it 'has listened very carefully to the
feedback from our shareholders' and had taken steps, including dropping a key
anti-takeover defense…  [t]he
company hadn't yet added two independent directors to its board, as career
education had pledged at its annual meeting in may. … career education said it
expects to hire the two new directors soon."  (wsj,
12/12/05, "investor adds pressure on career education corp.") 
bostic is definitely a slow learner and should have attended summer
school.  he sounds really determined with his "would consider" vis-à-vis
an explicit promise to act.  the company, i.e., management, intends to
"hire" directors?  hmmm.

           
"a knock-down, drag-out proxy fight,
featuring dissident slates of directors, mudslinging and other amusements, has
been a rarity this season. but such a skirmish is going on at the career
education corporation…. and the fight exemplifies why disenfranchised
shareholders need much more power in director elections today. … 
 the man rattling career education's cage is steve bostic, a former
chief executive of american

intercontinental
 university, an entity he sold to career education in 2001. he is now a private investor
and owns about 1 percent of career education's shares. … last year… 62
percent of the company's stock outstanding was voted in opposition to the three
directors standing for election. … career education's top executive and
all of its directors own fewer shares in total than he does. career education
officials are spending shareholders' money to castigate mr. bostic. the company
has taken out full-page newspaper advertisements, and its chief executive, john
m. larson, sent a letter to shareholders last month urging them to reject mr.
bostic's slate. … mr. bostic -- and anyone who is ringside for this match --
is learning firsthand how hard it is for shareholders to hold directors
accountable…. on friday, he said that by the time his campaign is over, the
cost could approach $2 million. he estimated that career education was spending
more than double that to defend against his director slate. … mr. bostic has
said that if he wins, he will ask for reimbursement of his expenses. … mr. (richard
c.) ferlauto (director of pension and investment policy at the afscme)
is the author of a proposal that would have forced companies to reimburse
reasonable costs incurred when a shareholder contests the election of a director
or group of directors. the proposal was voted down in recent weeks at three
companies -- american express, bank of new york and citigroup…." (nyt,
5/7/06, "can a for-profit college learn a lesson?")  bostic
finally learned that  non-binding shareholder proposals are a waste of time
and money.

           
"investors in career education corp. today rejected dissident shareholder
steven bostic’s agenda and embraced management’s three nominees for the
board of directors.  … the exact
vote results were not immediately available.  a
war of words … intensified this week, with both parties firing off vituperous press releases and proxy filings. yesterday they traded cease-and-desist orders,
both arguing that the other was disseminating false information.  …
last year mr. bostic also waged a proxy contest, pushing the company to adopt
several corporate governance measures, including dropping a so-called poison
pill anti-takeover measure and reducing director terms from two years to one.  last
year mr. bostic's measures won the votes of more than 60% of the company's
shareholders and 70% of votes cast.  two
shareholder advisory firms, institutional shareholder services and glass lewis
& co., endorsed mr. bostic's nominees, and the third, proxy governance
inc., backed two of career education's three nominees but recommending
withholding votes from mr. ogata. … career education’s largest investor,
chicago-based ariel capital management llc, placed its proxy votes in favor of
the company's directors and also supported company management last year. ariel
currently holds 13%, or 12.9 million, of career education's outstanding
shares." (crain’s, 5/18/06, "shareholders back career ed in proxy
fight")  one must admit that mr. bostic has much more courage than
pension funds, which continue to bring non-binding shareholder proposals.


 


       
there are ways around even purportedly binding shareholder proposals, which have
been implemented. "since …1997, no one has held the top job at coca-cola
co. for more than a few years. nor have the company's leaders revived the
stock, which grew steadily in the 1980s and 1990s before going on a prolonged
slide. still, each of the departing executives has left with more than just a
coke and a smile. …  the
extravagance of the payouts prompted more than 40% of coke's shareholders to
demand veto power over outsized severance packages. last week, the international
brotherhood of teamsters, which led the drive for shareholder approval,
disclosed that coke's board has decided to comply. shareholders will be able to
reject any severance package at least three times as rich as an executive's
annual pay and bonus. … there are emotional roots to these efforts: generous
severance packages for high executives who didn't succeed don't go over well
when companies are laying off workers, reducing pension contributions and
forcing employees to absorb more of their healthcare costs. … the heart of the
issue is shareholders' loss of faith in company directors. .... giving millions
to executives who preside over languishing revenue and tumbling stock is akin in
their minds to rewarding people for failing, something that's reasonable only in
the clubby fantasy land of corporate boardrooms. coke's move is a welcome boost
in accountability for the company's top executives and directors. granted, it
may invite boards to play new games with how an executive's pay and bonus are
calculated to avoid shareholder scrutiny. and it won't necessarily stop
severance deals that are locked in as part of an executive's initial
contract."  (lat, 12/27/05, "editorials:  coke
shareholders, unite!")  let the
new games commence!  the first question that a prospective ceo will ask is
whether such a shareholder proposal has been adopted.  further, any
existing ceo will ask the bod to amend his/her employment contract before the
bod acts to placate such shareholder desires.  ceo are going to get
"theirs" no matter what happens.



 


       
"for years, shareholder activists have tried to change american
corporations by proposing resolutions at annual meetings. although many have
passed, they typically have taken the form of nonbinding advisory resolutions,
and directors often ignore them. now a few corporate-governance advocates are
pushing a more radical approach: amending companies' bylaws, the rules governing
a corporation's internal affairs. … governance advocates are tired of
'sisyphean' campaigns for resolutions that, after finally being passed, are
ignored….  short of voting down a
slate of directors -- which is rare and difficult -- advocates trying to sway a
board generally have had few options beyond promoting annual advisory
resolutions. bylaw-amendment proposals have limitations. one hurdle is state
laws. states typically spell out some changes shareholders can make to corporate
bylaws, particularly on procedural matters, but otherwise generally empower
boards to run companies as they see fit. … the effort also is impractical at
companies that require overwhelming majorities to pass shareholder-initiated
bylaw changes. … another hurdle: … even when investors agree with the gist
of a proposal, they may worry that it is too sweeping or fails to anticipate
complications or contains errors." (wsj, 4/4/06, "stock activism's
latest weapon")




 


       
"a resolution to require that directors (of exxon mobil corporation) get a
majority vote to be elected passed with 52 percent support. mr. (rex w.)
tillerson (chairman and ceo) said the board would consider the issue but made no
promises about the outcome." (ap, 6/1/06, "exxon mobil shareholders
reject effort to restrain executive pay")



 


       
''shareholders are accustomed to getting the silent treatment from united states
companies, said colin s. melvin, director of corporate governance for the hermes
group, which manages britain's largest pension and has $100 billion in assets. … mr. melvin said that
united states laws and practices made it more difficult for shareholders to work with
companies to improve governance. first, shareholder proposals that win a
majority of support at british companies must be put into effect; such proposals
in the united states

 can be -- and are -- routinely ignored by management. and directors can
actually lose elections in britain, which they cannot do here. … but companies care about their shareholders, we
are told. ours is the ownership society, after all. sure. and the customer
always comes first. and your call is important to us.'' (nyt, 8/20/06, ''belated
apologies in proxy
 land'')  it appears that
the brits listened to us when we said that taxation without representation was
tyranny, while, after a few hundred years, corporate america
 has forgotten that concept as it applies to corporate governance.




  




 



       
"publicly traded companies could be forced to give shareholders a greater
say in their board elections under a ruling this week by a federal appeals
court. if the decision withstands appeal, corporate board elections could become
highly politicized affairs — with union pension plans, hedge funds and other
major shareholders running slates of dissident candidates against management's
hand-picked nominees. … the appeals court said american
international group inc…. improperly blocked a measure (shareholder
proposal sponsored by american federation of state, county and municipal
employee pension fund) that would have given shareholders with at least 3% of
its stock the ability to nominate board members and to have these nominees
listed in the official proxy materials sent to shareholders. … aig denied that
request, contending that federal regulations allowed it to bar measures that
would affect the upcoming board elections.  the pension fund sued, and
aig's position was upheld by a federal district judge. but on appeal, a
three-judge panel of the u.s. 2nd circuit court of appeals said tuesday that
federal regulations allow companies to deny shareholders access to their proxy
only when they are seeking to affect the election of directors in the current
year. the pension plan's proposal would have affected future elections, so it
should have been allowed, the panel said. … aig said it was reviewing the
ruling. its options include seeking a review by the full panel of 2nd circuit
judges, or appealing the decision to the supreme court. … in response to the
court ruling, sec chairman christopher cox said the agency would review its
rules for how shareholders could gain access to the ballots used to elect
corporate directors at annual meetings." (lat, 9/8/06, "ruling may
open access to proxies")   what
follows if the court’s ruling stands?  the
current shareholder proposal would be put to a vote by the shareholders. 
if the proposal passes, would the board of directors exercise its discretion as to
whether to implement an election procedure that might lead to the forced departure of
many of its collegial members?  if the bod
adopts the election procedure and non-company sponsored director-candidates are
nominated, the company would deny them access to the corporate ballot as such
would "affect the elections of directors in the current year."  thus,
years from now,
shareholders will have come full circle.


       
"reliant energy filed a lawsuit
asking a federal court in texas
 to declare that the company can exclude a shareholder proposal that deals with
shareholder access. this is not surprising given the sec's recent 'no view'
position regarding hewlett-packard's similar proposal." (thecorporatecounsel.net
blog, 1/31/07, "reliant
energy sues to exclude shareholder access proposal") 
"reliant energy, inc.
announced today that it has filed a declaratory judgment action in federal
district court in texas
 in response to a stockholder proposal submitted by a hedge fund, seneca capital, l.p. the proposal filed by seneca seeks to amend the
company's bylaws to permit certain larger stockholders to nominate directors and
have their nominees included in the company's proxy materials. ... reliant has
also submitted a 'no-action' request to the sec staff to exclude seneca's
proposal from reliant's proxy. ... [a]s detailed in today's complaint, seneca's
shareholder access proposal is the opposite of good governance -- an ill-
considered bylaws amendment without either safeguards or clear procedures that
would only serve to benefit certain large stockholders at the expense of all
others." (press release, 1/29/07, "reliant
energy seeks decision regarding stockholder proposal") 
on the positive side, it is refreshing to learn that reliant objects to the
proposal as reliant desires that all shareholders, not just "certain large
stockholders," have access to the corporate ballot.



  

       
"greater detail on executive pay will arrive this spring, thanks to new
regulatory requirements. but shareholders won't have a greater say on how that
pay is computed if companies like at&t and verizon communications get their
way. shareholders of both companies have submitted proposals requiring an
advisory vote by the owners on corporate pay practices, but at&t and verizon
are doing their best to stymie the initiatives. ... under the terms of the
proposals, the shareholder votes would be nonbinding.  ...
[s]hareholders say that putting such matters to an advisory, or so-called
precatory, vote has brought owners and corporate managers together to talk about
compensation. ... at&t and verizon make essentially the same arguments in
asking that the securities and exchange commission permit these proposals to be
omitted from proxy materials.  ...
[t]he only real precedent out there: a say-on-pay proposal that appeared on the
ballot last year at the sara lee corporation. s.e.c. officials rejected sara
lee's request to omit the proposal; it went on to win support from 42.5 percent
of votes cast at the company's annual meeting. ...  after
receiving a proposal from lucian bebchuk,
director of the program on corporate governance at harvard, home
depot recently changed its bylaws to require that any decision relating to
compensation of the company's chief executive be approved by two-thirds of the
independent directors of its board. ... home depot's board undoubtedly
recognized, after paying its former chief executive, robert l. nardelli, a total of $275 million for six years of
mediocrity, that its image would not be helped by intransigence on such a
matter.  its decision to amend its
by-laws on the issue is progress, nonetheless." 
(nyt, 1/21/07, "roadblocks to greater say on pay
")  the focal issue is providing
shareholders with a means to achieve accountability from directors. 
precatory votes may garner publicity for the sponsors and a
feeling of "progress" if companies, even begrudgingly, grant some
accommodations.  however, it is only
a small step in the right direction.  what
occurs when the so-called "independent directors" continue to unjustly
enrich imperial ceos?  does anyone
doubt that two-thirds of hd's "independent directors" voted in favor
of nardelli's compensation package?


 


       
"despite years of outrage over soaring executive pay, shareholder activists
still find it tough to persuade many investors to cast even symbolic votes
against management on compensation issues. ...  [a]t
most large companies whose shareholders had the chance to request similar
say-on-pay referendums this spring, the idea was rejected. ...  some
governance experts say the stock market's strength this year, at least until
recent days, may have damped investors' interest in sending a negative pay
message to managers of the companies they own. ... what's more, managers of
private investment pools such as hedge funds — which have become huge players
in the stock market in recent years — have themselves been criticized for the
often outsized incomes they take home. that may make them more empathetic toward
generous executive pay packages when they vote their proxies....  but
some shareholder activists contend that say-on-pay votes in any form are useless
exercises. 'it's dumbed-down activism,' said ed
durkin, director of corporate affairs at the united
brotherhood of carpenters union in washington. company directors, he said, can't know what to think about a simple yes or no
vote on pay, because shareholders could be approving — or voting against —
any number of aspects of a firm's compensation plan, including salary,
retirement programs and assorted perks. the carpenters union's approach to
governance is to focus on pay relative to a company's performance, durkin said.
the aim, he said, is to pressure directors to develop and stick with pay
formulas that substantially boost executives' compensation only when the company
outperforms its typical peer. even that basic idea, however, has struggled to
find shareholder backing: it failed to get a majority of votes cast at any of
the dozen companies whose proxy ballots included the union's measure this
spring.   (lat, 6/13/07,
"investors reluctant to tackle exec pay")  directors
understand that the message is "enough is enough."  also,
they understand that it is not enforceable.

 

       
pfizer inc.'s shareholders voted thursday in favor of giving
themselves an advisory vote on executive compensation at the drug giant.... the
shareholder proposals were part of a push among some investors -- and lawmakers
-- for 'say on pay' at publicly traded companies. advocates say such advisory,
nonbinding votes are needed to give voice to frustrations about hefty
compensation packages awarded even when companies perform poorly. at pfizer's
annual shareholders meeting in 

atlanta

, a say-on-pay proposal garnered support from 52.4% of shares voted, versus
47.6% against, according to a preliminary tally. the proposal requests that
pfizer's board adopt a policy allowing shareholders to vote annually on an
advisory resolution ratifying the compensation of top executives. the vote would
be nonbinding and wouldn't affect any compensation paid or awarded to the
executives.  pfizer's board had
recommended against the proposal. chief executive jeffrey kindler said the 

new york

 company held regular discussions with shareholders about executive
compensation. an advisory vote wouldn't provide the board with enough
information to address specific concerns, he added." (wsj,
4/24/09, "'say on pay' wins at pfizer, loses at
j&j")  bottom line, advisory
votes are a waste of time and effort.

 

        
"for citigroup inc.,
there's an unexpected silver lining to the steep decline in its stock price: it
allows the bank to ignore a small shareholder agitating for changes in how it
does business. the situation revolves around john
chevedden, a retired aerospace executive in 

california

 who has been a thorn in the side of citi and other big companies for several
years. ... [h]is effort to bring a resolution up for vote at citi's annual
stockholders meeting later this spring has hit a glitch. the problem is citi's
crumbling stock price. after watching his investment lose more than 90% of its
value in the past three years, mr. chevedden's stake is worth so little that it
falls below the $2,000 minimum required to introduce a resolution. the $30,000
worth of citi shares that mr. chevedden's family bought in 2000 is now worth
just $1,313.28, based on citi's share price heading into tuesday. ... [t]he
bank's lawyers argue that it's a simple matter of mathematics and federal
regulations to exclude his family's resolution, which seeks for shareholders the
right to vote on important citi matters without calling a special meeting or
waiting for the bank's annual meeting. ... citi and several other large,
troubled companies tried to silence mr. chevedden a year ago, arguing that he
was violating sec rules by serving as a front for other disgruntled
shareholders. mr. chevedden fought back and the sec allowed his resolutions to
proceed."  (investmentnews,
1/20/10, "citi stock price slump does what bank couldn't: muzzle activist
investor")  even if the vast
majority of shareholders approved the non-binding shareholder proposal, what was
the realistic expectation that citi would have changed the related corporate
governance procedure?

 

        "mr. (joseph w.) o'donnell, a retired chief executive of the j. walter thompson
company, and a man who picks his own stocks, figured that if twitter, facebook
and other social media could help oppressed citizens in tunisia and egypt rally
for change, they could help disenfranchised individual investors too. you know,
the folks who own shares in publicly traded companies but rarely get a say in
how those companies are run.  mr.
o'donnell found a group of like-minded people at the investorvillage
web site. all of them own shares in the celgene corporation, a bio-pharmaceutical company based in summit,
n.j., and all of them have been dismayed by what they see as outsize executive
pay at the company, whose stock price has returned little over the last five
years. ... mr. o'donnell has tapped into an issue that concerns many individual
investors but which many feel powerless to change. yes, individuals get to cast
their votes at annual stockholder meetings. but such votes can seem like
exercises in futility for investors, because companies need not bow to
investors’ wishes. ... reaching out to fellow holders, mr. o'donnell quickly
hit pay dirt. david sobek, an
associate professor of political science at louisiana state university, agreed
to develop a web site, www.sobekanalytics.com/celgshareholders, to attract other
dissatisfied celgene investors. 'i saw this as a collective action problem,' mr.
sobek says. 'how do you get a bunch of people with similar interests organized?
before the internet, just tracking down fellow shareholders was almost
impossible. but we have been able to organize people in a way that we didn’t
think would be possible, and that in itself is a victory.' ... after several
months of outreach, mr. o'donnell and mr. sobek say that they received
commitments from investors holding 2.7 million shares. these investors have
promised to vote against celgene's pay practices and all directors up for
re-election who have sat on the board’s compensation committee.  they
also said they would vote to require the company to put its compensation
practices to a shareholder vote once a year, rather than once every three years
as management recommends. with approximately 461 million shares outstanding, 2.7
million shares voted against management’s proposals and board members will by
no means be enough to prevail. institutional shareholders control roughly 90
percent of celgene's shares, and these investors typically vote with management.
... 'this is a test case to see how far one can go with this,' mr. o’donnell
says. 'it seems like it’s worth a shot. maybe the individuals in the c-suite
will have a greater sense of empathy for the collective individual investor. it
will be interesting to see how it pans out.'" (6/4/11, nyt, "inciting
a revolution: the investor spring
") yes, it is worth a shot. the next step up the food chain is to organize
those individuals whose money is held by the institutional investors.

 

        "chesapeake energy corp.
shareholders rebuked the company's management at the annual meeting here friday,
overwhelmingly voting against the two directors standing for re-election. 

v. burns hargis, president of oklahoma state university, and richard
davidson, former chief executive of union pacific corp. received only 26%
and 27%, respectively, of votes cast. both tendered their resignations, the
company said, under a new measure that requires directors who don't receive a
majority of votes to offer to resign. chesapeake said its board would 'review
the resignations in due course.'" (6/8/12, wsj, "chesapeake directors
rejected by shareholders") what criteria will be employed in the
"review"? "due course" means what? don't hold your breath!
 
        "the wall street journal has identified 15 directors at 11 companies ...
whom shareholders have voted against, often overwhelmingly, in the past three
years, but who continue to serve on their respective boards.... last month, leon
black, founder and chief executive of apollo
global management, was re-elected to the board of sirius
xm radio, even though shareholders voted against him by a nearly 2-to-1
margin. ... another director with subpar board attendance is wesley
edens, chairman of brookdale senior
living, who in 2011 was re-elected to a three-year term, even though a
majority of shareholder votes were withheld from him. ... texas capital bancshares inc. co-founder joseph
grant also had a majority of votes withheld from him at the banking
company's may meeting. ... last july, jonathan
ward was appointed to the united
stationers inc. board, but most shareholders withheld their votes from him
in his first election at last month's annual meeting.... internet company united
online inc.'s has two sitting directors who didn't win a majority of
shareholder votes, as does discount retail chain fred's
inc. omega protein corp. has
three directors from which the majority of shareholders withheld their votes in
2010, the last time the trio was up for re-election. companies with one director
who continues to serve despite failing to receive a majority of "for"
votes include boston beer co., loral
space & communications inc., athenahealth
inc. and csg systems international
inc.  glass
lewis recommends withholding votes from directors for any of several
reasons. for example, it thinks sitting cfos, because of their role as financial
overseers, should be reporting to the board, not serving on it. the firm also
says former company executives shouldn't sit on nominating and governance
committees, which should consist solely of independent directors. other factors
that could lead to a recommendation against a director include his being on the
audit committee during a period for which the company restated earnings or its
internal controls were otherwise shown to be weak; not presenting auditors to
shareholders annually for ratification; and forcing through a shareholder rights
antitakeover plan without a vote." (6/12/12, wsj, "snubbed by holders,
directors keep posts") ignoring shareholders is the modern equivalent of saying, "let them to eat cake." it is not only the
1%ers, but
shareholder-1%er-wannabes, who should be and are irate.
 
        “consider what happened after the may 14 annual meeting of the commonwealth
real estate investment trust. joseph
l. morea, a commonwealth trustee, was up for re-election, and more than
three quarters of the shares voted were cast against him. under the company’s
guidelines, this meant that he had to resign. commonwealth, as is typical at
many companies, requires that its independent directors resign if they don’t
receive majority support from shareholders for their re-election.  mr.
morea dutifully stepped down. but that was not the end of it. the next day,
commonwealth said its board determined that mr. morea’s loss seemed related to
its battle with outside shareholders hoping to oust the trustees, rather than to
any personal failings. as a result, it said, the board had “requested that mr.
morea accept appointment to the vacancy created by his resignation.” so he
returned to the board and will serve on three of its committees: those relating
to audit, compensation — and nominating and governance.  you’d
never know that the shareholders, a majority of whom voted against mr. morea,
were the actual owners of commonwealth. as a point of reference, the trustees
who reappointed him to the board own only one-quarter of 1 percent of the
company’s shares. commonwealth declined to comment further. flouting its own
trustee-election policies, as commonwealth did, was brassy.” (5/25/13, nyt,
“shareholders? fuhgeddaboudit!
”)
 
        
"it’s
been five years since the dodd-frank law required that companies let investors
vote on their executive pay practices. the idea, lawmakers said, was to give
shareholders a chance to sound off when compensation plans are not in their best
interests. but has putting these matters to a vote done anything to rein in
executive pay? not a chance. since these votes started being tallied, c.e.o. pay
has risen on average 12 percent annually. there are several reasons 'say on
pay,' as it is known, has had little impact on executive compensation. one may
be that the votes are not binding. … but perhaps the biggest reason is that
few shareholders are expressing unhappiness with compensation levels at the
nation’s top companies. last year, for example, the median shareholder support
for pay practices at the 500 largest companies was 95 percent of the shares
voted…. this apparent satisfaction with pay may be a result of the rising
stock market. shareholder dissent, when it does crop up, typically occurs at
companies that have awarded lush compensation even as their performance has
lagged. investors watching their shares go up are less likely to be outraged by
a sizable bonus or stock grant. … in some cases, the figures compiled by the
shareholder forum show just how willing many boards are to ignore the expressed
wishes of many of their shareholders. … clearly, working to rein in executive
pay is a glacial process. but if shareholders don't at least vote against
outsize pay, they have only themselves to blame."
(nyt,
5/16/15,"shareholders' votes have done little to curb lavish executive
pay") government regulators, who have been captured, are to blame. binding
resolutions would solve the legalized thievery.
 
        "if the financial choice act becomes law, therefore, it will blunt one of
the sharpest tools investors have to keep company managers responsive to their
owners. when investors lose confidence in the people overseeing their companies,
they can submit proposals to try to effect the changes they think are necessary.
such proposals are voted on at companies' annual meetings, and if a majority of
the votes are cast in favor the requested changes, companies will very often put
them into effect. … if the financial choice act had been law — which it
still is not, for now — it would have required any shareholder seeking to
change a company's policies to own far more shares than even a big institutional
investor like new york city's pension funds. under the bill, a shareholder would
have to own at least 1 percent of a company's shares for three years to get a
proposal on a proxy ballot. currently, an investor must only own $2,000 worth of
stock for a year or more. one percent may not sound like much, but it can be
enormous. consider exxon mobil. … exxon mobil has throngs of institutional
investors, but only the top seven holders would meet the threshold. and many of
these institutions — such as vanguard, blackrock and state street — have
been unwilling to challenge company management historically, exactly what
submitting a shareholder proposal involves. the choice act would make it
downright impossible for small investors to be heard. and yet, their voices can
identify important corporate problems that others have missed. … a new
academic study confirms … the role that small shareholders can play in shaping
corporate behavior. it shows that large investors often embrace the policy
corrections proposed by smaller shareholders. the paper, titled "what
else do shareholders want? shareholder proposals contested by firm
management," is by three academics at the harvard business school…. more
broadly, the study points to why the choice act, which aims to reduce financial
regulation, focused on shareholder proposals. it concluded that "managers
often seek to avoid the implementation of legitimate shareholder interests"
and that larger companies with worse performance and fewer institutional
investors are more likely to contest shareholder proposals. … listen to
shareholders? better to tune them out." (nyt,
6/16/17, meet the legislation designed to stifle shareholders) the article
misses the point that implementation of results of shareholder proposals is
voluntary. if anyone, including timid or conflicted institutional investors,
really wanted to make enforceable changes, he/she/it would formally nominate and
run his/her/its own slate of director-candidates. they don't, as they don't
really care. 
 
 
       
"a
recent cause for investor ire emerged in a filing with the securities and
exchange commission distributed late in the day on june 23. it said the seaworld
(entertainment) board had decided to flout shareholders' wishes and keep david
f. d'alessandro, its chairman, in his post through 2017. … on june 14, at
seaworld's annual shareholders' meeting, only 46 percent of the votes cast
supported mr. d'alessandro's re-election. like many companies, seaworld has a
policy that a director who does not receive a majority of votes must resign from
the board. mr. d'alessandro promptly did so. but his colleagues on the board
exercised their right to reject his resignation, a decision they disclosed in
the june 23 s.e.c. filing." (6/30/17,
nyt, "how
seaworld disregards its shareholders")
 
       
"the securities and exchange commission allowed a greater number of
companies to exclude shareholder proposals during the 2017 annual meeting
season…. the increased approval rate comes as the sec is under pressure from
business groups and lawmakers to revise its shareholder proposal rules, amid
claims compliance is expensive and immaterial." 
(wsj, 7/8/17 "sec
lets more companies ignore shareholder proposals in 2017 --- companies
submitted 288 'no-action' requests this year, 78% of which were granted by
agency's staff")

 corporations and, perhaps, the sec feel that shareholder efforts seeking
accountability are only "immaterial." the goal is no corporate
accountability.  that is the result of keeping those political
contributions coming from the supposedly governed. the mercantile class has
arisen, again.



 

               
12.    criminal sentencing guidelines will
not motivate directors




 

       
"thanks to new federal sentencing guidelines, boards will be expected to do
a far more thorough job of ensuring that no laws are being broken. 
…  essentially, they will … put directors in the position of
policing whether a company is doing all it can to meet them. … in may, the
ussc (u.s. sentencing commission) posted new guidelines directing judges to
impose larger fines on companies found guilty of wrongdoing if directors
did not adequately try to detect and prevent crime. … the new guidelines
require that all directors know exactly what their corporation is doing to stop
crimes inside the company. … [s]keptics abound. 
they note that the ussc standards apply only to corporations, not
board members.  they can't make
directors do anything they don't want to do. 
directors can be sued by shareholders for failing to abide by the
standards, but they never personally pay money in lawsuits. 
judgments and settlements are always covered by the companies and
insurance. …  not everyone harbors
doubts. gregory j. wallance, a member of a ussc advisory group and a partner at
law firm kaye scholer llp, says that view downplays society's rising
expectations of directors. 'notwithstanding director and officer [insurance]
policies, directors don't want to be sued' for not taking basic precautions,
says wallance."  (businessweek,
6/14/04, "will directors morph
into corporate constables?")  what
are "society’s rising expectations of directors"? 
what evidence exists that there are any "expectations," or that
they are "rising" or that such expectations ever motivated any
director?   the guidelines require
that directors take more than "basic precautions."  what alleged
damage, if any, would a director's non-compliance cause if his/her company is
not convicted of a crime?  how many companies are convicted of
crimes?  wouldn't any settlement of criminal allegations involve a
statement that the company does not admit or deny culpability?

 

               
13.   
"fairness opinions" are "unfair"



 

       
full
disclosure, revealing that a "fairness opinion" is fundamentally flawed
and/or unfair, would do little to achieve director accountability. 
director accountability can only be achieved when incompetent or corrupt
directors can be removed from office by shareholders.   

 

       
"most shareholders probably don't realize that fairness opinions were never
meant to be fair.  they're really
just insurance policies for boards of directors to protect themselves against
shareholders who sue.  … the
appearance of a conflict is so blatant, it's farcical to believe that a fairness
opinion from a bank playing both sides could provide any comfort to shareholders
and any protection in court for board members." (nyt, 3/20/05, "mergers:
fair should be fair") "[i]n
general a target company will want two sorts of valuations from its bankers, one
arguing that it is worth a lot of money (to negotiate a higher price), and
another arguing that it's not worth so much money (to justify the price it
accepts), and there will be a certain amount of artistry and lawyering involved
in fitting them together. … you can be extremely cynical about this, or you
could just be the regular amount of cynical about this. … [t]he valuation of a
company is always going to be subjective and uncertain, and you could use a wide
range of projected future cash flows and discount rates to get, more or less,
any number you want.  …
[t]he point of a fairness opinion is to justify a
negotiated price, not to provide a fully independent valuation
audit…." (7/31/20, bloomberg-money stuff, "fairness opinions"
[(emphasis in original.])



 

       
"board of directors get 'fairness opinions' to show they've independently
checked out the price of a deal, thus giving themselves some legal protection
from unhappy shareholders.  but it is an open secret on wall street that
fairness opinions can be anything by arm's length analyses.  investment
bankers frequently write fairness opinions for clients with whom they have
longstanding business ties and with whom they hope to continue having
relationships. indeed, an opinion is commonly written by the very bank that
suggested the merger or acquisition in the first place -- and that now is acting
as adviser on that deal.  in such cases, the investment bank stands to collect a far larger fee if
the deal goes through than if it does not.  ...

  as if these potential conflicts weren't enough, when the merging parties
are financial firms, the parties typically get their fairness opinions not from
outsiders but from folks right down the hall.  …  fairness opinions often vet prices that were set by company executives
who, the bankers know, have strong financial incentives to push through a deal.
…  bankers who write the appraisals don't work from scratch. they typically
use financial projections supplied by the client and don't vouch for the data. 
…  if bankers find it hard to conclude that a deal is fair, they'll often
have private discussions with the client.  ... fairness opinions frequently ignore deals the client company is
simultaneously doing with its executives. 
...
 bsb
got a fairness opinion from investment bank keefe, bruyette & woods,
with which it had an existing relationship.  in finding the sale fair,
keefe bruyette didn't discuss the payments to bsb's chief executive.  keefe
was able to collect the largest part of its $2.7 million advisory fee only if
the deal went through."  (wsj,
12/29/04, "opinions labeling deals 'fair' can be far from
independent")

 

       
"the nasd said yesterday that investment bankers may have an 'especially
strong' conflict when they stand to collect large fees when the deal is
completed."  (wsj, 11/12/04, "input is sought on 'fairness'
rule") 


 

       
"the nasd could propose
more fact-finding, including requiring that bankers examine the financial
rewards that senior officers may receive by doing a deal. … 'disclosing that
this problem exists ... might enable the shareholders to assign a touch less
weight to the investment banker's opinion,' but the incentives will still exist,
he (lucian bebchuk, professor of law, economics and finance at harvard law
school) said. ... corporate boards are increasingly forming special
committees, often with independent board members, to evaluate potential
conflicts that may influence a transaction, said marjorie bowen, national
director of the fairness-opinion practice at investment bank houlihan lokey
howard & zukin." (wsj, 6/11/04, "nasd scrutinizes conflicts in bankers'
'fairness opinions'")  "a report
(is) made public only if it supports what
management has proposed to do." (washington post, 6/13/04, “fairness
opinion”)  "a survey (of 50 north american corporate executives and
board members) released this month adds corporate leaders to the list of critics
of wall street 'fairness opinions' … more than three-fourths of the chief
executives and corporate board members who participated in a survey by
mergermarket said they don't believe investment banks can offer objective
'fairness opinions' when the banks stand to benefit from a deal's approval
through 'success fees.' … the survey (was) conducted for boutique investment
bank houlihan lokey howard & zukin.… as more boards continue the trend of
choosing outside firms to provide fairness opinions, one beneficiary will be
boutique investment banks like houlihan lokey."  (wsj,
6/17/06, bids & offers: "'fairness' fairness") 
there are "surveys" and there are "surveys." 
how "fair" was the "survey" conducted on behalf of
one who could benefit handsomely by the results?  one
should wonder if the survey is of the same quality as the "fairness
option" delivered to lonestar steakhouse & saloon by houlihan lokey. 
(see, below.)


 

       
"the self-regulatory organization for brokerage firms (national
association of securities dealers) has proposed limited rule changes to
require more disclosure of 'significant' conflicts of interest by investment
banks and what firms are doing to counteract those conflicts. … fairness
opinions have become the standard tool used by corporate boards to protect
themselves against lawsuits and investor criticism of a deal's terms. …the sia
(securities industry association) stressed that, in cases when bankers don't
believe a deal's terms are fair, 'financial advisors do, in fact, advise
companies when they would be unable to deliver a fairness opinion upon
contemplated terms.' it said those deals 'are either renegotiated or abandoned
(usually before any disclosure is made to the public).' … currently, fairness
opinions are much more limited and say they don't purport to evaluate better
options. …  typically, bankers rely
on data provided by company executives and say they don't independently verify
it."  (wsj, 2/8/05, "wall
street's 'fairness opinions' draw fire from calpers") 
directors should think about their court testimony when the deals fall
apart.  here's the script for the trial
---  

plaintiffs' attorney: 
when the bod okd the deal; you knew that this so-called fairness opinion
was flawed in the numerous ways that our multiple highly paid expert witnesses
have testified?   

director: 
yep.

plaintiffs'
attorney:  are you telling the skeptical ladies and gentlemen of this jury that
you reasonably relied upon this fairness opinion?   

director: 
yep.  we paid a lot for the first
fairness opinion, but it stated the deal was unfair to shareholders. 
so, we paid a lot more from shareholders' assets to get this favorable
second opinion.  then, i cashed in my
vested stock options and walked to the bank.


 

       
use
of "special committees" to "evaluate potential conflicts"
can be trumped by greed.  "in
october 1998, lone star purchased cei (coulter enterprises, inc., a
company owner by jamie b. coulter, the current ceo, a former director and
chairman of the board and largest single shareholder of  lone star steakhouse
& saloon) for almost
$11.5 million…  the transaction
was approved by a three-member  special committee of the board of directors. 
…steven wolosky, esquire ('wolosky') of the law firm olshan, grundman,
frome & rosenzweig ('olshan') informed the committee that no independent
counsel would be necessary because olshan had already drafted the purchase
agreement.  wolosky and his firm had
acted as legal counsel for many of coulter's businesses, including cei….
upon his advice, the committee did not seek the services of independent legal
counsel to represent lone star in the transaction. 
the committee did employ the services of investment bankers, houlihan
lokey howard & zukin ('houlihan'), to prepare a valuation report. 
houlihan's report valued cei between $10-11 million, but the valuation
disclosed that it was based, in part, on unverified information provided
by cei and lone star management.  this undocumented and unverified information
included a recent offer to purchase cei for $20 million, … cash flow and
revenue forecasts that exceeded cei’s historical performance. 
calpers contends that the $20 million offer was fabricated; … and the
cash flow and revenue forecasts failed to reflect either the recent loss of
service contracts…. the lone star board obtained a valuation opinion from
houlihan when it considered the purchase of cei. … the allegations of the
amended complaint … raise a reasonable doubt as to (1) whether reliance on the
houlihan valuation was in good faith and (2) whether the directors were grossly
negligent."  (calpers v.
lone star steakhouse & saloon, memorandum
opinion, delaware chancery court, 12/18/02)   aficionados might
enjoy reading the letter opinion (5/26/04)
issued in that litigation concerning discovery disputes.

 

       
another "special committee" proves that it was not so
"special."  "delaware's chancery court ruled on a case that is likely to affect the future of the
fairness opinion business. the ruling, handed down by chancellor william
chandler, makes it more likely that corporate directors will scrutinize fairness
opinions that they get from investment banks more carefully. the delaware

 ruling concerns a shareholder lawsuit against the former directors of tele-communications
inc. (tci), and brings to light the potential conflict-of-interest that
investment banks may have when issuing fairness opinions for their clients'
merger deals. … in a memorandum opinion issued on december 21, 2005, chandler
 noted that hiring legal and financial advisors for both deal-making and the
fairness opinions, 'raises questions regarding the quality and independence of
the counsel and advice received.' further, he wrote, contingent compensation for
financial advisors creates 'a serious issue of material fact' as to whether the
advisors can provide independent advice. …as the number of corporate scandals
rise … fairness opinions have been cited in shareholder lawsuits. the suits
question, among other things, whether directors breach their fiduciary
responsibility by enabling deal advisors—usually investment banks—to also
render fairness opinions. currently, hiring the same advisor to play the duel
role is a fairly common practice. the tci board was aware of the need to limit
perceptions of conflicting interests. the directors set up a special
committee to review the at&t transaction, mainly because five of the
seven directors stood to gain an aggregate $220-million premium payment if the
deal went through. … but the special committee didn't fully exorcise the deal
of conflict issues associated with the advisors the company chose. 'rather than
retain separate legal and financial advisors, the special committee chose to
use,' chandler
 wrote, 'the advisors already advising tci.'  those
advisors were from the firm of donaldson, lufkin & jenrette. the fact
that dlj was paid a fee of $40 million that was contingent on the merger's
success called into question the firm's independence as a provider of the
fairness opinion, according to the judge. … [e]ven investment banks not
directly involved in a deal could be perceived to have a conflict of interest.
that's because bankers are always trolling for new business, and even fairness
opinion engagements represent new investment banking clients. … the dream of
the independent firms, then, is that decisions like judge chandler's will move
boards to hire them to make extra sure their companies aren't hit with conflict
charges." (cfo magazine, 2/2/06, "fairness opinion neutrality
questioned")  let's get real.
was there any possibility that the deal would not go through with that
$220-million premium going directly into the directors' pockets?  the
directors might seek indemnity from dlj by claiming that dlj was so conflicted
that it failed to inform the "special committee" that it was still
conflicted!  one might follow the link to an annotated copy of the entire
opinion in re: tele-communications, inc. shareholders litigation, memorandum
opinion, delaware chancery court, 1/10/06.  directors on the special
committee were not given an "exact assignment," but received
"suspiciously contingent compensation.")
 
       
"a court-ordered probe of tribune co.'s
$8.2 billion buyout casts a harsh light on a little-known valuation firm that
proved to be a pivotal player in the failed deal. the firm, valuation
research corp., gave tribune a clean bill of financial health in late 2007,
clearing the media conglomerate to go private in a deal led by real-estate
investor sam zell. but the transaction saddled the newspaper-and-television
company with unsustainable debt, and tribune filed for bankruptcy protection
less than a year later. a bankruptcy-court examiner slammed valuation research's
methods in a report filed late monday. he also assailed tribune's board for not
being more skeptical of the firm's judgments about the media conglomerate's
ability to handle additional debt. ...  mr.
klee called valuation research's solvency opinion—required to allow mr. zell's
deal to close—'implausible.' he left open the question of whether valuation
research 'aided and abetted a breach of fiduciary duty or committed professional
malpractice.' ...  in the
tribune-buyout deal, mr. klee said valuation research's engagement letter
required the firm to use definitions of 'fair market value' and 'fair saleable
value' that bucked 'well-established principles of sound valuation.'
...valuation research's opinion was 'highly suspect,' mr. klee wrote. mr. klee
also blamed tribune's board and a special committee charged with pursuing deals
for the company for not viewing valuation research's work with enough
skepticism. for instance, the examiner said, the board and special committee
didn't seek any outside input about the reasonableness of valuation research's
opinion. the examiner said he found evidence that tribune senior management
'failed to apprise' the board and the special committee about important
information related to october 2007 financial projections on which valuation
research relied. mr. klee said he found no proof that the information was
'purposely withheld' from the tribune board members, but he said he found it
'implausible' that the lack of information was 'unintentional.' tribune's
efforts to obtain the solvency opinion were 'marred by dishonesty and lack of
candor,' mr. klee wrote." (wsj, 7/28/10, "examiner slams firm that
valued tribune buyout") 

 
       
“the billionaire chief executive of dole
food co and his top lieutenant must pay $148.2 million of damages to
shareholders they shortchanged when the produce company went private in 2013, a
delaware judge ruled on thursday. in a decision that may cast a pall on
management-led buyouts, vice chancellor travis
laster said dole chief executive david
murdock, 92, and former chief operating officer c.
michael carter were liable for depressing the stock so that murdock, who
owned 40 percent of dole, could buy the rest at a lowball price. the judge said
the $1.2 billion buyout undervalued dole by 17 percent, letting murdock pay
$13.50 per share rather than the $16.24 that dole was worth. … thursday's
award is among the largest in a class action lawsuit alleging that a company
sold itself for too low a price, and highlights conflicts that managers wanting
to buy their own companies may face in wanting to keep costs down. ‘it will
make it harder to do management buyouts, and it should be,’ said charles elson, a governance specialist at the university of
delaware. ‘the
inherent conflicts are
almost impossible to resolve.the ruling sends a signal that
delaware courts will be suspicious of these sorts of transactions.’ …
shareholders accused murdock and carter of driving down dole’s share price by
downplaying the westlake village, california-based company's ability to boost
profit by cutting costs and buying farms, and canceling a stock buyback. …
‘although facially large, the award is conservative to what the evidence could
support,’ laster wrote. a nine-day trial was held in february. several hedge
funds had asked laster to appraise dole’s value, but the judge said that issue
may be moot. … objecting shareholders had sought higher damages…. … a high
school dropout who made much of his fortune in real estate, murdock was dole's
chief executive from 1985 to 2007, and again starting in 2013. he had taken dole
private in 2003 and sold 60 percent in a 2009 initial public offering, in part
to pay down debt as the u.s. economy struggled. … laster … call[ed] murdock
‘an old-school, my-way-or-the-highway controller, fixated on his authority and
the power and privileges that came with it.’

 the judge said murdock hurt himself during trial testimony, where
defense counsel portrayed him as both a ‘confused old man’ and a disengaged
ceo. ‘by dint of his prodigious wealth and power, he has grown accustomed to
deference and fallen into the habit of characterizing events however he
wants,’ laster wrote. ‘that habit serves a witness poorly when he faces a
skilled cross-examiner who has contrary documents and testimony,’ he added.
(8/12/15, reuters, “dole
ceo liable for $148 mln over unfair buyout-del. judge”) some professors
disingenuously feel that “inherent
conflicts are almost impossible to resolve.” they should reveal how
compensation they receive from corporate america.  feel
the bern!
               
14.    ballot box capers
 
       
“the u.s. chamber of commerce, the center on executive compensation and the
society of corporate secretaries and governance professionals have all urged the
sec to act, arguing proxy advisers aren't responsive enough to companies'
concerns and have too much sway over corporate governance issues, including who
sits on corporate boards and how directors oversee their companies and pay top
executives. the sec's move may have little practical effect on the ability of
firms like institutional shareholder services inc. and glass, lewis & co. to
weigh in on governance debates. but it highlights how contentious their role has
become at a time when corporate elections have grown more competitive amid a
rise in activist investing. … the coming guidance is expected to push for
better disclosure among proxy advisers that also sell corporate-governance
consulting services to the same companies subject to their voting
recommendations. sec staff is likely to say they don't believe the current
practice of requiring investors to contact an advisory firm for more information
about potential conflicts conforms with the agency's interpretation of an
existing sec rule, these people said. … iss, which in march was acquired by
private-equity firm vestar capital partners, is the only major advisory firm to
also provide consulting services. the company has said it maintains a strict
separation between the two arms of its business, and discloses conflicts when
asked. … proxy advisers have also been criticized for selling their research
to activist investors, many of whom propose proxy measures subject to
recommendations from the advisers. glass lewis, the second-largest proxy
adviser, is owned by the ontario teachers' pension plan board, a canadian fund
that sometimes takes activist positions.” (wsj, 6/4/14, “iss, other proxy
advisers pressed to disclose conflicts”) if you can’t trust your proxy
adviser, who can you trust?



 

       
"the votes are in and sparton corp. officials apparently don't like
the numbers. a special shareholders meeting friday afternoon was abruptly
adjourned until oct. 15 to allow what one company official said was more time
for stock owners to vote their proxies. sparton officials had asked shareholders
to approve two corporate governance changes that critics say would end up
reducing shareholder voting rights. …  

the
first would remove shareholders' cumulative voting rights; the second would
require advance notification of any intent to nominate alternative board
members. 'they kept the polls open because they did not garner enough votes to
pass at least one of them,' said andrew shapiro, the largest
independent sparton shareholder.  … 
company officials declined to elaborate on the postponement. 
…  some analysts believe
both company proposals were really aimed at muzzling shapiro, an activist
shareholder who is critical both of the company's performance and its
management."  (jackson citizen
patriot, 9/24/04, "sparton voting issue on hold")  "[t]hey decided
to abruptly adjourn and postpone the vote for three weeks 'to permit the
balance of unvoted shareowners to express their votes.' imagine if federal or
state officials decided to hold the polls open beyond their previously scheduled
time because they didn't like the results? cries of outrage would be heard in
every news venue. yet, this lack of democracy in corporate elections has gotten
virtually no coverage by the press." (corpgov.net, 9/04, "losing?
change the rules")  "shareholders … voted this month to approve two
corporate governance measures that critics claim limit the rights of
shareholders. the vote tally follows a three-week delay after which the measure
passed by a close margin, prompting one major shareholder to consider
challenging the results. …sparton
didn't address the meeting's postponement in its written statement following
announcement of the results on oct. 15…. sparton corp. … is incorporated in
ohio. ohio is one of eight states that mandate
cumulative voting unless two-thirds of shareholders vote to eliminate the
measure.… sparton's proposal to eliminate cumulative voting passed with …
67.47 percent of the 8.3 million outstanding shares…." (business direct
weekly, "dissident sparton shareholder mulls challenge to
vote")  the idea is to leave the voting open just long enough to receive
the desire level of votes and before any voter revokes his/her proxy.  has
this become the american way? 

 

       
"a clash between the board of sovereign
bancorp and several large investors could be pushed back at least four
months after the bank took the unusual step yesterday of postponing its annual
shareholder meeting. sovereign said it was delaying the meeting, typically held
in april, until after aug. 31 so management could "focus its full
attention" on a complex three-way deal in which it will sell a roughly 20
percent stake to banco santander central hispano of spain and then use the proceeds
to help buy independence community bank,
based in brooklyn. the dissident shareholders, corporate governance advocates
and even some longtime company supporters described the move as a brazen attempt
to avoid a proxy battle for two board seats. sovereign's management, they
contend, is silencing rather than engaging its critics. … the postponement of
an annual meeting is uncommon, corporate governance specialists say. when it
does happen, it is typically because of an inability to produce timely financial
statements or as a way of avoiding a nasty takeover fight. it is highly unusual
for a board to justify a delay by saying it is too busy with an
acquisition." (nyt, 1/5/05, "who's too busy for the annual
meeting?")
 
       
“when it comes to shareholder votes, the
running tallies are a closely guarded secret. only a handful of parties get a
peek into how these corporate battles are shaping up. now, in the midst of one
of the most closely watched investor votes in years — over whether to separate
the roles of chairman and chief executive at jpmorgan
chase — that protocol has changed. the firm that is providing tabulations
of the jpmorgan vote stopped giving voting snapshots to the proposal's sponsors
last week. the change followed a request from wall street's main lobby group,
the firm says. the pension fund shareholders that are promoting a split at the
top of the bank are crying foul. knowing the current tally is critical for both
sides in shaping their campaigns, they say — cutting off access to them gives
jpmorgan, which is getting frequent updates, an upper hand. “they have changed
the rules in the middle of the game and it has created an unfair advantage,”
said michael garland, assistant comptroller who heads corporate governance for
the new york city comptroller john liu. “it's like playing a game where only
the home team gets to know the score.” ... the results of the shareholder vote
will be announced on tuesday at the bank's annual meeting in tampa, fla. this
week, the shares of a number of big investors were voted. it is not known,
however, how the vote is trending.  ...
broadly speaking, the ability to get real-time voting information is crucial for
both wall street firms and the shareholders sponsoring proposals. a losing side
may decide to pour more resources into its campaign, making additional calls or
send additional correspondence to shareholders. ... lyell dampeer, a senior executive at broadridge, said his firm was required to give real-time results to
companies, and for years broadridge gave that same information to proposal
sponsors. but late last week, he received a call from an employee of the securities
industry and financial markets association, wall street's main lobby group,
requesting that broadridge cut off access to organizations that are sponsoring
proposals, he said. sifma represents jpmorgan and other big banks and brokerage
firms.  broadridge is a little-known
firm that distributes materials on behalf of banks and brokers and provides
voting tabulations. mr. dampeer said the brokerage firms were his clients so he
was “contractually obligated” to comply with their request. ... “we act at
the behest of our clients,” he said. and publicly traded companies are
entitled to updates on shareholder voting.  sifma
declined to answer questions. in a statement, the lobby group said one of its
working groups had concerns about “the authority of a vendor to release
confidential information” and that group asked sifma to pursue the issue.
executives at some banks were concerned, according to people briefed on the
matter, that shareholder groups were leaking early vote tabulations. ... the
decision by broadridge sheds some light on the usually obscure world of
shareholder voting. mr. dampeer did not know how many other shareholders had
been cut off from access, but he said the new policy would apply to countless
other votes around the country. broadridge informed the securities and exchange
commission on monday of its decision because the agency regulates brokerage
firms. a spokeswoman for the s.e.c. declined to comment. “if they aren't
providing results to one side, they shouldn't give it to the company,” said
brandon rees, acting director of the a.f.l.-c.i.o. office of investment. for
shareholders sponsoring the proposals, the tallies are particularly important at
companies' annual meetings, one of the few times when a broad swath of investors
have access to management and board members. william patterson, the executive
director of the ctw investment group, which represents union pension funds and
owns six million shares in jpmorgan, said that when deprived of the initial
tallies, shareholders were at the whim of management. “if you go in blind,”
mr. patterson said, “you can't really make an informed case to management”
at the annual meeting about voting results “and hold them accountable.” ...
some of the big groups sponsoring this proposal have likened this effort to a
presidential campaign and they say a vote in the favor would set the tone for
dozens of other similar votes around the country.” (5/16/13,
nyt, “jpmorgan shareholders are denied access to results”) have you seen the
alleged contract that prevents disclosing information? what does sifma fear? who
said that shareholders are entitled to a level playing field? that proxy-voting
information is also important in making a decision to buy or sell the
corporation’s stock. where is the sec when you need one? has the sec has been
captured by the securities industry?
 
               
15.   
bankruptcy court cover-up

 

       
an excellent discussion of how u.s. bankruptcy courts assist bod's to cover
their tracks and wipe out claims of creditors and shareholders may be found in courting
failure: how competition for big cases is corrupting the bankruptcy courts
(2005) by professor  lynn m. lopucki.
       
in what lopucki describes as a race to the bottom, large corporations engage in
forum shopping to find bankruptcy courts that will accommodate them with rulings
that favor management at the expense of creditors and shareholders. 
bankruptcy judges are under subtle, but effective, pressure to bring in the
lucrative bankruptcy processing business to their communities.  bankruptcy
courts in new york, new york and wilmington, delaware have won the race. 
bankruptcy courts that resist such competition become known to bankruptcy
professionals (attorneys, financial advisors) as "toxic"
jurisdictions.  
       
how is the game played to protect bods?  bankruptcy courts are extremely
reluctant to remove directors and replace them with an independent trustee, who
may engage an examiner to investigate potential claims of the bankrupt
corporation against those directors.  directors remain in a position to
thwart investigations of their pre-bankruptcy filing activities.  during
negotiations leading to the company's reorganization, directors seek releases
from liability for their past acts.

 

       
"there are quiet fire sales occurring inside the corporate bankruptcy world
that hurt bondholders and other creditors while, in many cases, enriching
insiders at failed companies. that is the message of a comprehensive and
troubling new study by lynn m. lopucki, a bankruptcy expert who is a
professor at the law school of the university
 of 
california, los angeles, and joseph w. doherty, director of the law school's empirical research
group. the study, titled ''bankruptcy fire sales,'' examined 54 large companies
that were going through the bankruptcy process from 2000 through 2004. it
compared how much money creditors received when companies were sold during
bankruptcy proceedings with how much they received when the companies emerged
from bankruptcy, reorganized and got a fresh start. the study found that
bankrupt companies whose managers chose to sell them -- an increasingly popular
route in recent years, according to mr. lopucki -- received roughly half what
was generated at companies that decided to reorganize. this suggests that
creditors and shareholders can nearly double their recoveries by pushing their
companies to reorganize rather than to sell, the authors said. management also
appears to be using the veil of bankruptcy to cash in, according to the study.  in
11 of 30 bankruptcy sales examined, the chief executives involved received
specific benefits associated with the decision to sell. these benefits included
severance payments generated by the sales or job offers from buyers after
c.e.o.'s sell their companies. in other cases, chief executives became paid
consultants to companies buying the assets. ... [l]opucki said ... 'the judges
are supposed to control it. but they are making rulings that are favorable to
the people that bring them cases, so they will continue to bring them cases.'
big bankruptcy cases, of course, generate enormous fees and revenues for the
court system. ... in filing for bankruptcies, companies can choose the court
where their case will be heard. ... consider the october 2001 bankruptcy of
polaroid. in april 2002, its co-chief executives sold the company to the sole
private bidder for approximately $465 million, a price widely criticized as too
low and far below the $1.8 billion in assets that polaroid had listed in its
bankruptcy petition. ... after the sale closed, polaroid disclosed that the
co-chiefs had each received stock in the acquiring company valued at $3 million
to $4 million. ka-ching! mr. lopucki argues that investment bankers hired to
sell a company have few incentives to maximize the bids they receive. investment
bankers may not think it worth their while to curry favor with the sellers who
hired them because the companies are going out of business.... furthermore,
underpricing an asset creates value for the buyer, who may then compensate the
banker with future business.... that leaves creditors and judges to make sure
the process is effective, mr. lopucki said. too often the creditors are
powerless and the judges passive or eager to please.  ... the practices described in the study and the results they bring are
completely in keeping with the treatment that many public company shareholders
receive today from me-first managers. whether the company is thriving or diving,
being an insider has never been better." (nyt, 4/15/07, "'for sale' may mean 'you lose'")  where
did all the directors go, long-time passing?
 
               
16.   
call for moral responsibility is a joke

 

       
"business leaders at the world economic forum this week shunned calls for
tougher regulation in the wake of a raft of corporate scandals....  [e]xecutives
at the annual gathering of political and business leaders in the swiss ski
resort of davos said a higher sense of moral responsibility at the
boardroom level would be more effective than a rules
clampdown." (reuters, 1/25/04, "davos ---
business leaders reject tougher governance rules")  obviously, that
purported standard of "moral responsibility," suggested by the best and the brightest, is
vague, ambiguous and totally
unenforceable.

 

               
17.   
better disclosure of ceo compensation adds fuel to the fire

 

        "corporate bosses have become adept at obscuring uncomfortable or
embarrassing information, particularly when it comes to their own pay. rather
than making it clear to investors just how much revenue is being consumed by top
executives, many corporations have chopped this information into fragments and
scattered it through different sections of their reports. …  [t]he
securities and exchange commission is expected to propose that publicly traded
companies make clearer, more comprehensive disclosures of the pay and benefits
packages they award to top executives. … the aim is to ensure that boards of
directors act responsibly and keep shareholders' interests paramount. where
executive pay is concerned, some boards have clearly not been minding the store.
executive pay has raced upward in the last five years despite the stock market's
struggle to regain the peak it reached in early 2000. this trend has exasperated
investors who want to tie executive pay to stock performance. … these
companies belong to their shareholders, after all. why should it be so hard for
the owners to find out how much they are paying the talent? (lat, 1/14/06,
"they're paid how much?")  and, if a shareholder finally learns
the true extent of a ceo's compensation and feels that the amount is obscene,
what can the shareholder do to attempt to cure the situation?

 

        ''[t]he securities and exchange commission plans to unveil … new rules, which
… are intended to give investors a fuller picture of the staggering amounts of
money going to america's chief executives and other top corporate officers. …
better disclosure rules are all fine and well, but we already know plenty about
executive pay. we know that it is out of control, socially corrosive and
divorced from any real rationale…. nor is it economically insignificant.  …
and hence the problem: when the s.e.c.'s new rules are instituted, some months
down the road, it won't be just you and me who are getting a fuller picture of
executive compensation -- so will the nation's chief executives. and history
suggests that whenever they discover a fellow c.e.o. is getting something they
don't have, they make a grab for it. in other words, as laudable as more
disclosure is, there is a real possibility that it will make a bad situation
worse. … [t]he information currently disclosed in proxies has been a huge
force in driving compensation upward. compensation consultants use it to compile
surveys of c.e.o. perks and pay, allowing for easy comparison. such surveys,
which most boards rely on to set their own c.e.o.'s pay, are one of the most
invidious tools in the comp racket. … '' (nyt, 1/14/06, ''disclosure
won't tame c.e.o. pay '')

 

        "investor advocates are hoping the sec will demand that boards disclose
exactly what performance measure is being rewarded. is it growth in earnings per
share or growth in some other financial metric? companies have argued that
disclosing that information could hurt them competitively. shareholders also
want to know details of the hiring arrangement of any pay consultant. the latter
is important, they say, because it shows if the consultant's interests are
aligned with those of the board or those of the ceo. …[i]f management hires
the consultant and uses the firm for other work, there is concern the consultant
will be beholden to the executives. … an emerging hot-button issue among
investors is how boards allow executives to sock away huge amounts of money but
disclose little of it." (wsj, 1/17/06, “plan to revamp pay disclosure
gets an airing”)

 

        "the securities and exchange commission voted unanimously on tuesday to
overhaul the way companies report their pay packages for senior executives, a
move that is expected to lead to greater disclosure but not to any significant
decline in executive compensation. … in 1992, when the five-member commission
first addressed executive pay issues, it sought to require greater disclosure as
an antidote to excessive pay. but in the intervening years, many boards have
come up with partly or completely hidden benefits for top executives, ranging
from paying their taxes to allowing use of corporate jets for personal reasons.
… but the plan fell short of calls by some institutional investors to give a
greater voice to shareholders in setting some pay packages. and it proposed to
loosen at least one area of disclosure by raising the threshold to $120,000 for
reporting a business transaction between a company and an executive or relative.
such disclosures are now required for transactions of $60,000 or more." 
(nyt, 1/18/06, "s.e.c. to require more disclosure on executive
pay")

 

        "ultimately, it will be up to shareholders to decide whether executives are
worth their salt, sec commissioner roel c. campos said.  'it seems to me
that shareholders will have no one to blame but themselves if executive pay
continues to rocket upward in a way that they're not comfortable with,' he
said."  (lat, 1/17/06, "sec seeks clarity in executive
pay")  and, what are shareholders supposed to do to hold directors
accountable?  the statement is nothing more than blatant blame
shifting.  it is the commissioners' fault that shareholders are effectively
powerless.

 

        "mr. (steve)  odland (chief executive of office depot and head of a task
force on corporate governance at the business roundtable, an organization of
chief executives from the nation's largest companies) also raised concerns about
any proposal that would force companies to put precise values on unexercised
stock options because he said that would overvalue them. 'companies
should simply disclose options awarded and price and not try to value them until
they are exercised,' he said. two republican members of the commission, ms.
glassman and paul s. atkins, have raised similar concerns, and it remains to be
seen whether the commission will ultimately force companies to put a value on
option grants." (nyt, 1/19/06, "look who is making the most") 
is it equally likely that the options would be undervalued? 
in substance, the critics admit that bods, which grant such options as
part of a compensation package, have no way of knowing, at the time of the
grant, the value of what they have obligated shareholders to pay or whether that
compensation will eventually be based upon performance or sheer stock market
luck.

 

        "no doubt some executives earn more than their performance deserves, but
that ought to be an issue for shareholders. and the best way to give
shareholders influence over managers and their pay is to restore the market for
corporate control -- that is, remove the legal and other impediments to
takeovers." (wsj, 1/21/06, opinion: "executive envy") 
hmmm.  if it "ought to be an issue for shareholders," it should
be an issue for all shareholders, whether or not they have wealth sufficient to
engage in a "takeover."  the "legal and other
impediments," which deny shareholders equal access to the ballot, should be
removed.  then and only then will directors become truly accountable for
their actions, including, but not limited to, paying obscene compensation to
ceos who don't perform.


 

        "if the executive pay proposal floated last week by the securities and
exchange commission comes to pass, shareholders may finally be able to fathom
just how cleanly their pockets are being picked by me-first managers. and who
knows? maybe more shareholders will to try to stop the insanity. … one
institutional investor who has been shouting from the rooftops about this
shareholder robbery is daniel steininger, chairman of the catholic funds, a
mutual fund company in milwaukee. … rather than attack the recipients, however, steininger will focus this
year on corporate directors, the people signing off on the giveaways. they are
supposed to be working for the shareholders, of course, but in too many cases
directors are lapdogs for management. to address this problem, steininger has
written a shareholder proposal related to how public company directors are
compensated, and has muscled it onto the proxy statements of seven companies
(bank of new york, cendant, exxonmobil, home depot, honeywell, merrill lynch and
sbc communications, now known as at&t). the proposal requires that
shareholders approve director pay each year and that precise details of the
compensation paid to directors - including charitable contributions and other
perquisites that involve the use of company assets - be made public annually.
… it is unfortunate that directors still have to be told who their real bosses
are.  perhaps
making their pay subject to shareholder approval would awaken some to their
misplaced loyalties." 
(nyt, 1/22/06, "underachievers and overpaid boards") 
yo, steininger, shareholder proposals, even if approved by the
shareholders, are not binding upon the company. 
though the efforts are commendable, what will be the next step when the
shareholder proposals are ignored?

 

               
18.   
ask questions of directors at annual meeting of shareholders

 

       
shareholders, sometimes only with the permission of and under conditions
specified by the chairman of the bod, may ask questions at the annual meeting of
shareholders.  most shareholders do not attend in person.  replies may
or may not be responsive.  what might appear to be a promises of future
conduct are not binding.   in any event, shareholders might consult
"questions
that may be asked at shareholders' meetings."  

 

       
"home depot inc.'s chief executive did little thursday to quell the
uproar among some shareholders over his hefty pay, stifling debate at the
company's annual meeting as the board members who approved the compensation
didn't show up to defend themselves. despite the criticism and some
institutional shareholders withholding votes, the company's directors were all
reelected. shareholder proposals seeking to allow investors to have a say on the
ceo's pay and to restrict retirement benefits for senior executives were
rejected. … besides ceo bob
nardelli, who is also chairman, none of the other directors of the
atlanta-based company attended the meeting in wilmington, 
del.

 … nardelli did  not allow shareholders to ask general questions and ended the
meeting … after 30 minutes. he also did  not respond directly to those
investors who were allowed to address him about the proposals." (lat,
5/26/06, "home depot ceo is criticized at meeting")  ''home depot issued a statement that said in
part, 'while we understand that the  approach we took to the annual meeting was a
departure from past practice, it should in no way be construed as either a lack
of respect for our shareholders or a lessening of our commitment to high
standards of corporate governance and transparency.' apparently, mr. nardelli
and the home depot board think their shareholders are stupid, too.'' (nyt,
5/27/06, ''the
board wore chicken suits'')  
       
"home depot, in a bow to disgruntled shareholders, said yesterday that it
would require a majority vote from shareholders for the election of board
members.  … the company said
yesterday that it would permit questions at future annual meetings, and it
indicated that directors would attend future annual meetings." 
(nyt, 6/2/06, "home depot alters rules for electing its
directors")   don't get
too excite.  the devil is in the
details.  what is home depot's
explanation/excuse for its boorish conduct at the recent annual meeting?

 

               
19.  
demand to inspect the company's books and records

 

       
most corporations with publicly traded securities are incorporated in delaware. 
delaware corporation law, section
220, provides, "where the stockholder seeks to inspect … list of stockholders
… the burden of proof shall be upon the corporation to establish that the
inspection such stockholder seeks
is for an improper purpose."  however, be prepared for a series of games
to attempt to deny a shareholder's
legitimate rights, e.g., 
attempt
to obtain shareholder list during proxy contest.

 

       
"a new york

 hedge fund is demanding to see certain books and records of houston
exploration co., saying the company's board of directors has demonstrated 'repeated and potentially actionable disregard' for its duties to
shareholders. jana partners, which
owns 9.9 percent of the company's shares, requested a wide range of records,
including those related to royalty payments to former executives, 2004 bonuses
for current executives and travel that jana says chief executive officer william
hargett makes between houston and his home in alabama.  jana said it is
requesting hargett's travel information because it believes the company keeps an
office in alabama 'for no legitimate business reason and whose only purpose is
to justify repeated trips by mr. hargett to his alabama home at the company's
expense.'"  (houston chronicle,
6/4/06, "hedge fund wants houston exploration to open its books")

 

       
"hewlett-packard co. has been sued by a shareholder who is seeking
access to company books and records in an attempt to uncover mismanagement. 
palo alto-based hp has been the focus of state and federal investigations
over executives' efforts to discover who leaked information about the board of
directors, said harold grill, an investor who owns 126 shares of the
company.  [the] lawsuit ... was filed
in chancery court in wilmington, 
del."  (bloomberg news, 12/30/06,
"shareholder sues hp in management probe")
 


 


       
"[a] shareholder at chesapeake
energy, whose directors awarded a $75 million bonus to its chief executive
even as the company's stock plummeted, is doing what responsible owners should
do: quietly and methodically demanding answers and accountability from directors
who awarded the handsome payout. ... and according to the louisiana municipal police employee retirement system, which holds
85,000 shares of chesapeake, the payout awarded late last year to aubrey
k. mcclendon, the company's chief executive, certainly seems ripe for
inquiry.  rather than filing an
expensive and possibly futile suit against chesapeake's directors, the 
louisiana
 shareholders have initiated a 'books and records demand' in a state court in 
oklahoma
, where chesapeake
 is incorporated.  if the court allows the proceeding, shareholders can examine
corporate documents to see if the board's approval of mr. mcclendon’s bonus
was proper.  ... 'there is a
reasonable basis to believe that chesapeake's officers and directors may have
breached their fiduciary duties to the company by approving the contract, and in
particular, the $75 million bonus,' the louisiana retirement system's court
filing stated.  it said it also was 'concerned about the possibility that the
bonus was less a reward for outstanding service than an effort to bail mr.
mcclendon out of his personal financial difficulties.'  so
who are the chesapeake directors?  in addition to mr. mcclendon, they are don nickels, former united states senator from oklahoma; richard
k. davidson, former chairman of the union pacific corporation; breene
m. kerr, an m.i.t. trustee; charles
t. maxwell, an oil industry analyst; frank
keating, former governor of oklahoma; merrill
a. miller jr., chief executive of national oilwell varco, an oilfield
services company; and frederick b.
whittemore, an advisory director of morgan stanley. ... it's
not clear whether the oklahoma state court will rule in favor of the investor's
books-and-records demand, filed last thursday. even if it does, documents may
show that the 

chesapeake

 directors exercised sound business judgment when it gave mr. mcclendon his $75
million bonus.  whatever the outcome, kudos to the louisiana

 retirement system for being a responsible shareholder and questioning what
looks to it like yet another executive freebie. investors own these companies,
after all. i sn't it a shame so few of them behave that way?" (nyt, 3/29/09,
"shareholders who act like owners") 
how can one expect that the lawyers representing the bod were so stupid
to not have sanitized documents related to the decision. what bonus will the ceo
bestow upon the bod for the decision to pay a bonus to the ceo?  the
retirement system's assets could be better expended in a low cost effective
proxy contest to replace the bod.
 
       
"when it comes to corporate america, critics and skeptics are about as
welcome as skunks at a pool party.  and when companies try to silence
dissenters, shareholders are often imperiled."  (nyt, 6/28/09,
"the eyeshade smelled trouble")
 
       
"under section 220 of delaware's code and section 1601 of california's
corporation's code, which have been around a long time, shareholders can demand
that companies provide them with certain documents. all they have to do is write
a letter ... and the letter says you have five business days to give us all your
minutes and all your documents. ... [i]n the wal-mart derivative case
premised on allegations about bribes, the chancellor criticized plaintiff's
lawyers for not doing a section 220 request for documents before filing
(chancellor strine in in re wal-mart stores inc., del. deriv. litig.,
c.a. no. 17455-cs (del. ch. july 24, 2012)). in his mind, it was a very useful
tool, an essential tool, for investigating and making your allegations as strong
as possible." (california lawyer, 2014 roundtable series, securities,
january 2014)

  


               
20.  
former outside auditors won't spill the beans

 

       
''don't ask. don't tell. …[i]t is a bad policy when an audit firm resigns an
engagement. … [m]ostly, companies and their auditors give no reason for the
change. it is the equivalent of no-fault divorce, where both sides may know
there was a fault but agree it would be better kept secret. … the turnover is
biggest at small companies, and about 60 percent of the departures are
characterized by the companies as firings, with the rest resignations. … in 72
percent of the cases, the companies chose not to give any reason when they
notified the securities and exchange commission of the departure. … [g]enerally
the larger companies, are even less likely to give reasons, with 82 percent
choosing to remain quiet. the rules now in effect in the united states
 require disclosure of a reason only if it falls into certain areas. otherwise,
companies can remain mum. … in 1999, when computer associates dismissed ernst
& young as its auditor, it told investors there was no disagreement on
accounting, and no 'reportable event.' a few years later, when the s.e.c. and
the justice department went after company officials, they told a different
story, claiming that computer associates fired ernst in retaliation for the
firm's requiring the company to disclose things that it did not want to disclose
regarding compensation of top executives. and yet, the disclosure, or lack of
it, may have complied with the rules. was there an accounting disagreement? not
when the firm was fired. computer associates had made the required disclosure,
and so there was no continuing dispute. and how could anyone be sure it was
retaliation? … because the rules now require that auditors be hired and fired
by boards, not managements, it should be harder to fire an auditor in
retaliation without leaving a paper trail. once those rules were in effect,
auditors would still be tempted to go along with face-saving explanations. no
one wants to be known as a troublesome business associate. but that could change
if the s.e.c. filed just one enforcement action against an audit firm that
failed to require accurate disclosures of the reasons it left an engagement.
auditors are there to protect investors. when an auditor departs, the investors
deserve to know why.'' (nyt, 7/30/06, ''deep
secret: why auditors are replaced'')
 
              
21.  
how public fund managers have sold out
 
       
the lowell milken institute for business law and policy at the ucla school of
law has recently published "2016
private fund report: public pension plans and private funds-common goals,
conflicts of interest." in substance, public fund managers look to
private equity managers to help them satisfy their huge pension funding
obligations. the pension managers seem somewhat outgunned or outsmarted. private
equity managers have developed many non-transparent ways to extract funds, which
ultimately comes at the expense of pensioners. change is needed, but is somewhat
unlikely.
 
       
"it
began last year as a promising push by a few states to require private equity
firms that invest on behalf of public pension funds and university endowments to
be more forthcoming. but the effort has hit a wall as bills in california and
kentucky intended to shed light on fees and practices at these powerful firms
have been either killed or watered down. … even worse, another private equity
transparency bill in the state was recently amended to eliminate disclosures
about related-party transactions between private equity firms and the portfolio
companies they oversee. fees paid by portfolio companies to private equity funds
ultimately come out of the pockets of fund investors, so more sunlight in this
area would have been beneficial. … this fight against transparency, it's
worth noting, coincides with a series of s.e.c. enforcement actions
against private equity firms. stated simply, these cases prove that investors
need more, not less, information about what their managers are up to. … the
attempts to keep private equity practices under wraps also coincide with a
decline in the industry’s investment returns. an analysis published in late
june by the center for economic and policy research notes that private
equity’s performance in recent years is about even with that of the overall
stock market. that means investors are not receiving appropriate rewards for the
additional risks they take in these funds. … if private equity funds can't
consistently beat the overall market it means trouble for the underfunded
pension plans that have loaded up on these high-cost investments. roughly
one-third of the money in private equity funds comes from public pensions. these
funds rely on private equity to generate the outsize gains they need to meet
their obligations to retirees. …  "'if
you look at the investors — pension funds, foundations, universities — the
thing that is so surprising to me is they are very happy to put money back into
private equity,"’
ms. (eileen) appelbaum said. ‘“and they are doing so at a time
when the funds themselves will tell you, 'we
really can’t find any place to put this money.'
how is this going to pay off in the end?'"
 

 
       
"a bill that would require more disclosure from
private equity firms that manage money for california’s public pension plans
has been weakened, prompting a former state investment official and early backer
of the legislation to pull his support. assembly bill 2833 would have
required pension plans to demand a full accounting of fees charged by the
private equity firms they invest in. but recent changes to the legislation have
relaxed requirements related to a type of indirect fee that critics say is
particularly harmful to investors. michael flaherman, a former board
member of the california public employees' retirement system who had
promoted the legislation, argues that the change has gutted the bill. … the
legislation, authored by assemblyman ken cooley (d-rancho cordova) and
sponsored by treasurer john chiang, would have prohibited calpers, the nation's largest public pension plan, and other
public pension plans from making investments in private equity without
the full accounting of fees. private equity firms, which buy and sell whole
companies, have long charged high fees with the promise of providing higher
returns to investors – although some studies suggest that those returns aren't
as rich as promised. the charges include management fees, which are a set
percentage of the money investors put into a private equity fund, and
performance fees, often about 20% of the profit generated by their investments.
the fees that california's pension plans pay came under scrutiny last year
after a calpers executive was questioned by a board member and acknowledged the
pension giant did not track all fees. in november, calpers issued a report
showing that the system had paid $3.4 billion in performance fees alone since
1990, prompting chiang to seek the legislation. many firms also charge what are
called monitoring or portfolio company fees. unlike management fees, these
are not paid directly by investors but by the companies a private equity fund invests
in or acquires. the original bill would have required firms to report the total
fees paid by the companies within a particular private equity fund. now the bill only
requires the firms to report the share of fees proportional to a california
public pension’s investment in a particular fund. … that's a problem, …
because the fees, which can add up to millions of dollars, can be a
big burden for the companies paying them – potentially cutting into their
profitability or ability to grow – and therefore harmful to investors.
… calstrs in particular had raised concerns that if the bill became law
it could endanger those returns because  some private equity firms might
choose not to work with california pension funds, preferring instead to take
money from investors who don't have such strict disclosure requirements. timothy
spangler, a ucla law professor who has worked with private equity firms and
investors, said that’s a legitimate concern. 'if you're producing 30% returns
year in, year out, you have a lot of people who want to invest in your funds,'
he said. … although private equity firms have not publicly opposed ab
2833, spangler said firms probably are not wild about the legislation, even with
the recent amendments. still, he said they are likely to be more amenable to the
new language than the original, which he said looked more like a backdoor
regulation aimed at forcing firms to disclose information that has long been
private. 'if we're going to regulate the way [firms] operate, it should be
something the securities and exchange commission regulates nationwide,'
spangler said. 'it concerns me when one state capital wants to regulate an
entire industry and use their pension plans as a way to expand federal law.'" the ivory tower strikes, again. where is the proof
of "30% returns year in, year out"?
is spangler currently receiving compensation from private equity firms or does
he reasonably expect to in the future? the morale of the story: if one is making
money, one should not care how much he/she is being cheated? (7/8/16, lat, "calpers'
private equity fees under the microscope")  
 
       
"since
the 2008 financial crisis … private equity firms have rapidly expanded their
influence, assuming a pervasive, if under-the-radar, role in daily american
life…. sophisticated political maneuvering — including winning government
contracts, shaping public policy and deploying former public officials to press
their case — is central to this growth. yet even as private equity wields such
influence in the halls of state capitols and in washington, it faces little
public awareness of its government activities…. private equity firms often don't
directly engage with legislators and regulators — the companies they control
do. as a result, the firms themselves have emerged as relatively anonymous
conglomerates that exert power behind the scenes in their dealings with
governments. and because private equity's
interests are so diverse, the industry interacts with governments not only
through lobbying, but also as contractors and partners on public projects. … private
equity firms, onetime 'corporate
raiders'
that made their name taking over distressed companies, have pushed into
activities previously dominated by banks and local governments. this shift has
upended the definition of private equity as the industry expands into real
estate, infrastructure and lending….  private
equity firms 'are
ubiquitous, they are everywhere,'
said eileen appelbaum, a senior economist at the center for economic and
policy research who studies private equity. everywhere includes the government.
the amount the private equity industry spent on lobbying in 2015 was more than
triple what it had spent a decade earlier, according to the center for
responsive politics. at the peak of the financial crisis, the figure was even
higher. political donations have increased nearly sixfold. former house speaker
john boehner's
chief of staff is now president of the industry's
lobbying group.
… [d]odd-frank act, passed in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis,
subjected private equity fund managers to additional oversight from regulators.
yet the group is lobbying the house to pass legislation that would unwind some
of those requirements…."
(7/15/16, nyt, "how
private equity found power and profit in state capitols")




 

       
h.       
a very
 viable
solution

 

        
we filed a formal petition for rulemaking
and supplementary comments with the
sec.  please see, shareholders
unite! - petition for rulemaking (sec file no. 4-461). 
 
       
since others cannot 
 be relied upon to improve accountability of directors to
shareholders, individual shareholders should be allowed to function as their own
watchdogs by use of the shareholder proposal procedure and the corporate ballot to nominate
truly independent director-candidates.
 
      
after 13 years, we see some progress.  "large, institutional
investors in the united states are generally a passive lot. in board elections
and other corporate governance matters, they’re hesitant to speak up. all too
often they vote their shares in lock step with management. this passivity helps
keep corporate executives pampered and boardrooms ‘pale, male and stale,’ as
the saying goes. it ill serves the investors whose assets these institutions
oversee. but every once in a while, a company does something to bestir
investors. today’s example is whole
foods market, the upscale grocery chain, which was ham-handed in its efforts
to keep shareholders from voting on a perfectly reasonable proposal at its
annual meeting this year. … the fracas began late last year when whole foods
tried to prevent shareholders from voting on a proposal to allow investors
holding 3 percent of its shares for at least three years to nominate directors
to its board. ... allowing shareholders to nominate directors is common
among european companies: investors owning only 1 percent of stock can do so
there. but few companies in the united states want to give shareholders
a role in board elections. and so last fall, whole foods asked the securities
and exchange commission to let it exclude the proposal from its proxy. whole
foods said it planned to ask shareholders to vote on a similar director
nomination proposal from management; having two such proposals at the same
meeting, it argued, would sow confusion. but whole foods' proposal required a
longer holding period and a higher ownership threshold — 5 percent — for
investors wishing to nominate directors. as a result, some investors viewed the
proposal as a cynical attempt by whole foods to appear to give shareholders a
say in board elections while ensuring that they wouldn't, through the use of a
high hurdle. the s.e.c. initially let whole foods exclude the 3 percent
proposal. then, after this column shined a light on the case on jan. 4, the
agency reversed itself, leaving whole foods and two dozen other companies that
had put forward similar 5 percent proposals vulnerable to lawsuits if they kept
the 3 percent versions off their ballots. investors’ ire has only increased as
this drama has played out. some large investment managers who did not previously
weigh in on the issue began to speak out in support of proxy access with a 3
percent threshold. at an s.e.c. meeting on feb. 12, zach oleksiuk, a director at blackrock
who oversees its $4.65 trillion corporate governance group, said proxy access
hurdles above 3 percent ownership would ‘result in a generally meaningless
right for shareholders.' he also warned that blackrock might vote against
directors in cases ‘where it appears that boards are provided the opportunity
to provide proxy access but do not appear to be acting in good faith to do
so.’ … when investors have voted on such proposals in recent years, an
average of 55 percent of shares have been cast in support. in addition, the 3
percent level, held for three years, was deemed appropriate by the s.e.c.
several years ago. institutional shareholder services, the large proxy advisory
firm, said last week that it favored proposals with ownership requirements no
higher than 3 percent. … this is a battle about maintaining the status quo in
corporate boardrooms. that system has worked well for insiders. now it should
work well for owners, too." (nyt,
2/22/15,  "in whole foods backlash, a chance to air out stagnant boardrooms") when
will the age of reason reach corporate america? corporations supposedly advocate
competition, but stifle it when it comes to corporate governance.

 
      
after
 19 years, we see some more progress. 
"the
 s.e.c. has adopted
 a new rule that shareholders who vote by proxy, as
 most do, can mix and match directors from competing slates of nominees through
 'universal proxy cards.' this would allow investors to elect board members
 based on who is best, not on who has nominated them, the agency said. in the
 previous setup, shareholders who voted electronically in a proxy contest could
 only vote for a slate of nominees and not individual directors. the rule was
 originally proposed during the obama administration.
 … the
 new proxy rule has riled corporate defense advisers.
 one concern, they say, is that activists could put forward a large number of
 nominees in hopes that a few would attract enough votes to get elected. it
 would also be easier for smaller funds, or those focused on narrow issues, to
 run campaigns to elect corporate directors. that's because a single universal
 proxy card listing all of the nominees, not just those proposed by management,
 will replace the costly process of dissident investors having to mail out their
 own proxy cards to shareholders."
 (nyt deal book, 11/19/21, "the
 universal proxy rule is not universally loved")
the question is whether a copy of the insurgent's proxy statement must
 accompany the ballot and how that is accomplished.
  also, there are still high percentage of ownership hindering the
 nomination process.

 
top

 





a simple/effective solution




 
 


       
"'if directors
felt they were vulnerable to competition for their seats, they wouldn't simply
dance the dance of the chairman and ceo who brought them onto the board,' he
[ralph whitworth, a principal and managing member of relational investors]
believes." (wsj, 9/17/02, "investors have
to lead the charge to keep big bosses in line")  "the solution
would appear simple enough: open the nominating process so shareholders have a
right equal to that of the nominating committee to put candidates on the
proxy." (the star-ledger, 3/27/03, "iffy board nominees attract mom's
wrath")

 

        the editors of the wall
street journal have obliquely opined that shareholders should have real tools with which to function as
their own corporate watchdogs, e.g., be able to replace incompetent/corrupt
directors.  "a
dissent shareholder is now requesting that the sec investigate tenet for
disclosure violations.  that's fine, but we think a better answer is to
create a market for corporate control that makes it easier for such
shareholders, the real owners, to challenge blundering management.  then
investors, who are hurt most by corporate mistakes, will be the ones weeding out
all the bad apples." (wsj, 1/9/03, "tenet's shareholder ills") 
the editors reiterated that opinion.  "for all the recent debate about how to
avoid another enron, the best guarantee of good corporate governance remains an
open market for corporate control. … peoplesoft's shareholders finally got to
vote on the deal last week, a privilege they'd been denied for 18 months as the
board took it upon itself to reject five oracle offers. … [t]he owners of 61%
of peoplesoft shares agreed to oracle's bid.  yet the board rejected oracle
again on saturday, arguing that, although a majority of shareholders had
tendered their shares, somehow a 'majority' of owners still weren't happy with
the price. … boards can certainly recommend against tender offers, but
shareholders ought to have the opportunity to reject that advice and accept
them. it's their money. instead, management and over-loyal boards too often
ignore shareholders or turn to antitakeover provisions such as poison pills (as
peoplesoft's board is doing) to entrench themselves. … if oracle's offer is
good enough for the owners, who are seven directors to disagree?" 
(wsj, 11/26/04, opinion: review & outlook: "the people v.
peoplesoft")

 

       
section 14(a) of the securities exchange act of 1934 "stemmed from the
congressional belief that 'fair corporate suffrage is an important
right...'  it was intended to 'control the conditions under which proxies
may be solicited with a view to preventing the recurrence of abuses which
...[had] frustrated the free exercise of the voting rights of
shareholders.'" j. i. case co. v. borak, 377 u.s. 426, 431
(1964)(citing h.r. rep. no. 1383, 73rd cong., 2d sess. 13-14)  see also,
medical comm. for human rights v. sec, 432 f.2d 659 (d.c. cir. 1970),
vacated as moot, 404 u.s. 403 (1972) ("congress intended by its enactment
of section 14 ... to give true vitality to the concept of corporate
democracy.")

 

        
pursuant to the provisions of rule
14a-8  1/, shareholders may submit and
companies are required to solicit proxies (votes) from all shareholders (at the
company's expense) concerning shareholder proposals.  however, 
when it comes to shareholder proposals that require the company to solicit proxies related to the
election of directors, sec rule 14a-8(i), states, in part: "question 9: if i
have complied with the procedural requirements, on what other bases may a
company rely to exclude my proposal? .... (8) [t]he proposal relates
to an election for membership on the company’s board of directors or
analogous governing body."  

 

       the committee advocates a
 change to  rule 14a-8 whereby the solicitation of proxies for  all nominees for director positions are required to be
included in the company’s proxy materials,
at  no cost to any
nominee.  the proposed rule change would make it easier for people willing to step forward
and offer to serve as directors.  shareholders, as opposed to ceos
and incumbent directors with an overriding interest in their self-entrenchment,
should determine whether the
director-candidates have presented meritorious cases.  institutional
investors would have director-candidates to endorse without fear of legal
exposure or trading restrictions.

 

      
"get rid of pet-rock boards...
[t]oo many corporate boards of directors still serve as little more than puppets
of management. ...  companies should be required to give shareholders election materials about rival
candidates; as it stands, small investors who want to wage upstart campaigns
don't stand a chance." (time magazine, 7/22/02, "more reform and
less hot air")

 

       
"the sec ... should fix
these problems.  all candidates should appear on the ballot that companies
prepare.  after all, they already print dissident shareholder proposals in
proxy statements. ... many of the corporate abuses emerging now happened under
crony boards.  it's in everyone's interest to make it easier for
outsiders to get in." (businessweek magazine, 10/21/02, "bring
democracy to boardroom elections") "on august 31, 2022, the
universal proxy rules adopted last year by the securities and exchange
commission [] will go into effect.  the rules require proxy cards
distributed by public companies and activist shareholders in a contested
director election to include both sides' director nominees, so that shareholders
can 'mix and match' nominees from the company's and dissident’s slates."
(the cls blue sky blog, 8/15/22, "revisiting corporate bylaws for the
universal proxy era") better late than never!

 

        supposedly, it is the shareholders' company.  it should be the
shareholders' choice as to who can best represent their financial interests. 
the corporate aristocracy disagrees.  opponents to change argue that equal access to the company ballot
"might be abused by dissents to mount a no-premium corporate takeover
disguised as a boardroom coup."  the director-candidates can set forth
their respective positions and the shareholders can vote.  if the
"dissents" prevail, it would be because the majority of shareholders
desired that result.  the opponents to change further argue that sec rule 14a-8(i)(8) keeps
"ill-qualified," "riffraff," "know-nothings,"
"crackpots" and/or
"nobodies" from being elected as directors.  anyone they
oppose is, by definition, "ill-qualified," etc.  on the other hand, some of the current and/or recently former members of the corporate director aristocracy,
even those serving on multiple boards of directors, who were handpicked by management and/or their fellow directors based upon
their supposedly prestigious pedigrees, have proved to be
less than competent.  the choice is clear: corporate democracy or continued
paternalism by the corporate aristocracy 

 

       
"corporate insiders will no doubt object to any move to open up the
process.... but that's all you'd expect from any group with a vested interest in
the status quo. ... insiders also like to argue that making board elections more
competitive will discourage people from running.  well, that's just what we
need - to chase off people who like to operate in the dark and admit others who
won't mind answering to the people who elected them."  (philly.com,
4/6/03, "high time to bring democracy into boardroom")

 

       
companies may claim that democracy in corporate elections will cause them to
incur burdensome additional costs.  however,

the true cost of not allowing democratic elections of directors is that
shareholders have no real means of holding directors and/or ceos accountable. 
without true accountability, there is no incentive to improve.  a few centavos, kopecks or shekels in added printing costs
are nothing in
comparison.  specious claims of added burdens/costs have been raised by
institutional investors (and rejected) in the context of disclosing how they
vote the shares they hold. 
"the office of management and budget said friday that it won't object to a
new rule requiring mutual funds to disclose how they vote shares of corporate
stock they hold for investors.  the new securities and exchange commission
rule has been applauded by investor advocates and attacked by mutual funds,
which claim it would be too burdensome and costly."  (associated
press, 3/28/03, "feds ok new sec mutual fund rule")

 

       directors will only improve when they can be held personally accountable to shareholders for their
actions, e.g., voted out of office and replaced by candidates nominated by
shareholders. 
until disgruntled shareholders can seek personal accountability through an
economically feasible procedure, management and directors will conduct "business as
usual."  amending sec rule 14a-8(i) will provide that needed
procedure.  (see, below, shareholders
unite! - petition for rulemaking (sec file no. 4-461).)
 
       
other ideas are appearing on the horizon. "the unending struggle
between the managers who control america's corporations and the investors who
own them is about to become more interesting. it might even become a fairer
fight. last fall, the securities and exchange commission clarified the rules
under which investors can nominate candidates to serve on boards of directors.  in
the waning weeks of 2011, just in time to meet the 120-day advance notice
typically required to get onto the proxy ballot ahead of springtime annual
meetings, investors in 16 major companies—including goldman sachs,
hewlett-packard and wells fargo—filed petitions to amend corporate bylaws to
open up the nominating process under the revised sec rule.  meanwhile,
networks are springing up online to rally investors large and small. these
websites could enable investors ... to mingle online and pool their dispersed
power as never before. 'mechanisms like these,' says james mcritchie, who runs corpgov.net,
a shareholder-activism site, 'will eventually lead to the revolution in
corporate governance that people have been talking about for many years.' ... if
change does come, it might be led by people like kenneth steiner and argus
cunningham.  ...
using a form he downloaded from proxyexchange.org, mr. steiner late last year requested that the
boards at bank of america, textron, ferro, sprint nextel and memc electronic
materials amend their companies' bylaws to permit any group of 100 or more
shareholders who have held at least $2,000 in stock for at least one year—or
any holder of 1% or more for at least two years—to nominate directors. ...
frustrated by how hard it is to find other investors willing to shake up
moribund companies, mr. cunningham founded sharegate.
likely to launch later this year, the website will join others that seek to
rally shareholders, including united
states proxy exchange, proxydemocracy.org
and moxy vote. if you think the
directors at xyz corp. should be fired, you will be able to circulate a
throw-the-bums-out proposal on sharegate with the click of a mouse. every
other xyz shareholder on the site will see it immediately; you will promptly be
able to tell whether they agree with you.  contrast
that with the status quo, in which you can't know what actions other investors
are prepared to take until your annual proxy statement arrives—assuming that
any grievances haven't already been quashed by the company." (wsj, 1/7/12,
"will new tools help small shareholders topple giants?")



 

top


 





other
plans (unequal "equal access") are flawed 




 
 


 
      
on august 2, 2002, petition for rulemaking (sec file no. 4-461) was formally
filed with the sec.  other plans have been informally proposed or trial balloons have
been released to the media.  other plans propose the concept of "equal access" to the corporate ballot, but
only for a small number of wealthy
shareholders.  in substance, they promote continued unequal
"equal access."  none
of those plans has been filed as a formal petition for rulemaking
with the sec.
 
       
the sec considered what it believed to be proxy reform. we
were skeptical of the sec's commitment to achieving director
accountability.  please see, problems
with proposed sec rule 14a-11,  problems
with sec disclosure requirements and our formal comments
to the sec.    

 

       
the other plans are fundamentally
flawed in that they require such elevated director-candidate nominator ownership
requirements, e.g., 3%, 5% or 10% stock ownership, groups of 25 to 50 investors,
that, in reality, they only promote the status quo. 
they try to
impose arbitrary and impractical nominator eligibility criteria and paternalism by the wealthy. 
in effect, those proposed plans would maintain the status quo 
 while
attempting to cause the investing public to believe otherwise.  the supposed purpose of shareholder
proposals is to afford a more level playing field to those owning relative small
amounts of a company’s securities.  we are adamantly against
nominator requirements of 3% or 5%
or 10% shareholder ownership or groups of 25 or more members.

        1.  the idea behind the "equal
access" concept is to encourage more persons to step forward to become
director-candidates.  persons or groups that own 3% or 5% or 10% of a
company’s shares already have the knowledge and financial means to conduct a
full proxy contest without the need for any sec rule change.  historically,
very few, if any, of those persons or entities have shown any inclination to
hold directors accountable by fielding their own director-candidates.  there
is a big difference between having knowledge and financial ability and having
the will to exercise them.  there is absolutely no assurance a 3% or 5% or
10% nominator ownership requirement will have any positive impact on the current
situation.

        2.  plans with 3% or 5% or 10%
nominator requirements forget that there are 9,000+ companies with shares, which
are publicly traded.  where is the commitment from such potential
nominators that they have the interest and personnel and will expend the
necessary finances, time and effort to seek director accountability on behalf of
the shareholders of those companies?

        3.  percentage ownership
requirements may raise state law concerns.  some state corporate laws,
including those of delaware and new york, prohibit shares of the same class from
being treated disparately.  proposals to allow direct shareholder access to
company proxy statements may provide a right to a single large shareholder or a
block of shareholders that would not be available to all shareholders.

 

       
4.  opponents to change might
argue that "equal access" to the company ballot "might be abused by
dissidents to mount a no-premium corporate takeover disguised as a boardroom
coup."  (staff report to trustees of calpers.)   one should not
assume that shareholders have little or no intelligence.  the
director-candidates can set forth their respective positions and the
shareholders can vote.  if the "dissidents" prevail, it would be
because shareholders, casting at least 50% of the votes, desired that result. "after two years of debate
about independent directors and auditing standards, the disney takeover drama
reminds us that the best guarantee of good ‘corporate governance’ is an open
market for corporate control."  (wsj, 2/17/04, editorial: "of mouse and management")

 

       
"though
never popular with the business roundtable, the takeover threat was a
remarkably effective way of enforcing corporate accountability in the
1980s."  (wsj, 6/19/03,
editorial: "a welcome brawl")

 

       
institutional shareholder services ("iss")
recently placed the "burden of proof" on the companies to justify why a
"takeover" should not occur.  "the
burden of proof used to be on the dissidents to prove their case for change when
waging a proxy fight, mr. (patrick) mcgurn (senior vice president of iss) said,
but his company and many others in the investment community have become
increasingly skeptical of the ability of existing managements and boards to make
significant changes. 'you saw time and time again that incumbent boards
weren’t taking care of shareholder interests,' he said." 
(new york times, 6/4/03, "an investment adviser urges that el paso
board be ousted")

 


        5.  the numbers 3% or 5% or 10%
or 25 are arbitrary when the shareholder proposal criteria (continuously owned at
least $2,000 of the company's stock for at least one year) have already been
tested for many years and have proved to be effective.

 

       
an elevated director-candidate nominator criterion is not related to the level of
shareholder discontent.  one
cannot predict the extent of shareholder dissatisfaction until the final vote is
counted.  

 



        a 3% or 5% or 10% shareholder
ownership requirement may have been the result of a misplaced fear that hordes
of "riffraff," "know-nothings," "crackpots" and/or "nobodies" would storm
companies' gates to seek directorships.  such predictions of doom and gloom
are not supportable.  even "riffraff," "know-nothings,"
"crackpots" and/or "nobodies" are aware of and would not
cavalierly subject themselves to the legal exposure of serving as directors.
 further, there are many safeguards in sec rule 14a-8 to assure that
companies would not be harassed with frivolous director candidacies. 
"over the past several years, companies generally have sought to omit 40%
to 50% of the proposals they have received, and the sec has granted permission
50% to 60% of the time." (wsj, 6/11/03, "siebel fights proposal about
stock options")

        also, a 3% or 5% or 10% shareholder
ownership requirement may have been based upon a misplaced political attempt to
reduce anticipated protests from "corporate america."  let
"corporate america" protest!  after the wave of recent financial
shenanigans, a protest against the rights of individual shareholders by
"corporate america" would be absurd and met with public scorn.

        6.  3% or 5% or 10% nominator
requirements would be impractical to implement.  it would necessitate a
substantial revision of current sec rules.  it would not simplify the current process.  further, forming
groups or at least 25 persons and holding them together for an extended period will prove to be a very
onerous task. 


 
       
the recent example involving ten (10) major pension funds demonstrates the
difficulty of forming an investor group to attain a 3% stock ownership
threshold.  they formed an investor
group to sign a letter dealing with one policy issue, a much simpler task than
forming a group to nominate director-candidates.  "a
group of major pension funds monday called on unocal to reconsider its role …
in myanmar…  the group, led by new
york state comptroller alan g. hevesi and joined by california's treasurer and
the state’s two largest pension funds… in all, representatives from 10
investment funds owning more than 4.5 million unocal shares, or 1.6% of the
stock, signed the letter and requested a meeting on the matter…. the 10 funds
include the california public employees’ retirement system and the california
state teachers’ retirement system." 
(5/20/03, los angeles times, "shareholders press unocal on myanmar") 
if a major investor
group with ten (10) members, formed to pursue an issue that is much less
complex than director-candidate nominations, can, at best, muster 1.6% of the
stock, it is unlikely that many investor groups could be formed with at
least 3% stock ownership to pursue the complex issue of director-candidate
nominations.

 

       
in another letter writing incident, six (6) major pension funds (new york common
retirement fund, the connecticut retirement and trust funds, calstrs, opers, north carolina retirement systems and
calpers) could only muster 1.61%
of the stock to request a meeting with the bod of disney.  "sources said calpers, which hold nearly 9
million disney shares, was the impetus behind monday’s letter." (lat,
3/24/04, "big pension funds ask disney for a meeting") 
"the funds, which together hold nearly 34 million of disney's
approximately 2.1 billion shares outstanding, requested the unusual session in a
letter they sent yesterday to george mitchell, disney's new chairman, with
copies to his fellow directors." (wsj, 3/23/04, "major pension funds demand
to meet with board of disney")

 

       
7.  there is no suggestion that
members of a company's nominating committee, also, need meet the 3% or 5% or
10% ownership or 25-members nominator criteria.  our studies have shown that members of nominating
committees own (not counting recently granted unexecuted stock options) less
than 2/100ths of 1% of the outstanding stock. 
some members
own no stock whatsoever.  some might
argue that the negligible stock ownership of members of the company’s
nominating committee should be excused, as each owes a "fiduciary duty" to
the company and/or shareholders that outsiders do not owe. 
however, members are not truly independent as they are beholden to
their fellow directors and/or the chief operating officer for their positions
and longevity and, thus, have a conflict of interest in the nominating process. 
self-preservation will prevail.  nominating
committees will substantially always find outsider suggested potential director-candidates to be
"unqualified" and/or will decline to "consider" them.



        8.  pursuant to general
corporate law, all shareholders of record have the right to nominate
director-candidates.  (however, pursuant to current sec rules, the names of those director-candidates need not appear on a
company’s ballot.)  all shareholders should be able to vote on all
director-candidates, even those nominated by shareholders with relatively small
share holdings.  other plans try to impose paternalism by the wealthy. the real issue is whether a director-candidate, if elected, is qualified
to serve the collective best interests of all shareholders.  it is not an
issue of his/her wealth or the wealth of the person(s) who nominated him/her. 
(even if such were an issue, shareholders should determine its importance.)

        9.  some
highly paid representatives of the  status quo have expressed vague concerns about
alleged added costs and/or potential unforeseeable consequences.  ("we
have nothing to fear, but fear, itself.")  those persons do
not adequately consider the known and continuing costs to shareholders and the
markets due to enron, worldcom and numerous less publicized situations, where
director unaccountability has created an atmosphere of bad judgment,
impunity and greed.  the cost of continuing to deny true "equal
access," i.e., lack of
director accountability, is substantially more.

 

       
some of opposition claim that democratic corporate elections would cause
"disruption" to the company and would result in costly proxy contests. 
they favor a corporate system where directors are unaccountable to
shareholders and desire that it not be "disrupted."  generally, a bod instructs management to secure re-election
of the directors.  company
operations and expenses would not be "disrupted" if, during proxy contests,
the bod does not cause a company's funds and/or employee time to be diverted to
their personal election efforts.  even
if directors could be forced to campaign on their own behalves, director time
would not be "disrupted" as a director's duties do not constitute full time
employment.

 

       
here we go, again!  "the securities and exchange commission monday
said it would not intervene in a dispute over board election rules at
hewlett-packard co. .... the measure would change the company's election rules
so that investors who own 3% or more of the stock for at least two years would
be able to place nominees on the company's official election materials. ... hp
had asked the sec to let it keep the election measure off its 2007 corporate
ballot, but on monday the sec said its staff would keep quiet on the matter.
having been denied explicit permission to exclude the measure, hp officials run
the risk of drawing a legal challenge if they do so. ... the sec decision, he
maintained, amounted to a "green light" for shareholder election
proposals. ... the issue came back to life after the u.s. 2nd circuit court of
appeals ruled in september that the sec was wrong to have allowed american
international group inc. to exclude an election resolution submitted by the
afscme pension fund." (lat, 1/23/07, "sec to keep mum on hp election
fight")  a few questions come to
mind.  is the proposal binding on hp
even if it accepted by a majority of shareholders? 
does hp have any shareholder who has owned 3% of its stock and who might
even be interested in nominating alternative director-candidates? 
may one form a group of shareholders to satisfy any 3% requirement? 
is it likely that one could form any such group?
 

 

        10. 
after
 19 years, we see some more progress. 
"the
 s.e.c. has adopted
 a new rule that shareholders who vote by proxy, as
 most do, can mix and match directors from competing slates of nominees through
 'universal proxy cards.' this would allow investors to elect board members
 based on who is best, not on who has nominated them, the agency said. in the
 previous setup, shareholders who voted electronically in a proxy contest could
 only vote for a slate of nominees and not individual directors. the rule was
 originally proposed during the obama administration.
 … the
 new proxy rule has riled corporate defense advisers.
 one concern, they say, is that activists could put forward a large number of
 nominees in hopes that a few would attract enough votes to get elected. it
 would also be easier for smaller funds, or those focused on narrow issues, to
 run campaigns to elect corporate directors. that's because a single universal
 proxy card listing all of the nominees, not just those proposed by management,
 will replace the costly process of dissident investors having to mail out their
 own proxy cards to shareholders."
 (nyt deal book, 11/19/21, "the
 universal proxy rule is not universally loved")
the question is whether a copy of the insurgent's proxy statement must
accompany the ballot and how that is accomplished.
  also, there are still high percentage of ownership hindering the
nomination process.


 




        sponsors of the other plans should support petition for rulemaking (sec file no. 4-461) and assist all
shareholders to become effective watchdogs of corporate
america.

 
top
 




sarbanes-oxley
act is not effective



 
 



       
"two influential delaware judges have thrown something of a legal hand
grenade in the direction of federal lawmakers ... over recent efforts at
corporate reform.  ... [t]he judges take a decidedly shareholder-friendly
approach on two issues. ...  described as a forgotten element ... for
2002 reforms, they say it is time to examine the 'management-biased
corporate-election system.'  because incumbent directors can 'spend
their companies' money in an almost unlimited way in order to get reelected,'
the judges said the corporate-election process is an 'irrelevancy' ... 
'... [t]he rhetorical analogy of our system of corporate governance to
republican democracy will ring hollow so long as the corporation election
process is so tilted toward the self-perpetuation of incumbent directors.'"  (dow jones
newswires, 2/7/03, "two delaware judges take issue with governance reforms")




 



       
"[i]t's hard to fathom how boards could be less accountable than they are
right now.  even after ... implementation of the sarbanes-oxley reform law,
corporate boards are still accountable to no one." (businessweek, 7/2/03,
commentary: "shareholder democracy is no demon")




 



      
"congress passed a corporate accountability
act last week.  was that enough? ... the election of corporate board
members is a kremlin type of election.  it's a self-perpetuating system,
with shareholders having no real power.  that has not been touched." (time magazine,
8/5/02, "interview - 10 questions
for ralph nader")




 



       
"some critics, too, say the
new rules aren't tough enough.  'so much of it is an effort by business and
government to look like they are doing something to improve the situation,'....
the [committee of concerned shareholders] ... wants the rules for corporate proxies changed so
that 'truly independent' outsiders have a chance to be elected directors....  at present, he
argues, directors are too beholden to management to do
their jobs properly." (csm, 8/2/02, "big
business races to reform itself")  




 



       
"[t]his simple reform would outweigh all the complex rule changes
being considered by the sec and others, in the wake of the corporate governance
scandals hosing down wall street.  'corporations
do not need to be micro-managed by washington, d.c.,' he [the committee of
concerned shareholders] said. 
'company officials only need to
know shareholders can elect their own slates.'" (los angeles business journal,
8/19/02, wall street west)




 



       
"it's been a year since the enron scandal broke and, sadly, corporate
america remains in disgrace. ... [i]t's the lack of genuine reform that's now
troublesome. ... [l]awmakers on capitol hill have pretty much forgotten about
the issue."  (businessweek online, 11/27/02, "biting the
invisible hand")




 




       
"[s]ome companies are still up to the same old games. … 'it's just
abominable,' says nell minow, co-founder of the corporate library, a research
house specializing in corporate governance. … despite the shareholder backlash
and new legislation pressuring companies to stem such abuses, many fear boards
will continue to play games. … clearly, the investor outcry over board
shenanigans continues in some cases to fall on deaf ears." 
(businessweek, 9/9/02, "look who's still at the trough") 
"the problem is that the ceos still pretty much control the nomination
process [for board members] ..." (cfo magazine, march 2003, "the
prime of ms. nell minow")  





 




       
"yes, it's (ceo pay) out of control.... [w]hen i recently asked ira
millstein, america's preeminent corporate-governance lawyer, what had
substantially changed in ceo pay, he gave a one-word answer: 'nothing.'"
(fortune, 8/4/04, "ceo pay meets its match: plaintiffs lawyers") 
"[c]ontrasts between executive pay and corporate performance are fueling
much of the public anger with corporate america.  yet even with business
under intense scrutiny in 2002, many executives and board members have continued
to cash in the stock options they were awarded as part of their pay, making
millions of dollars even while their companies lost much of their value. 
the sales suggested that the measures enacted this year by congress and by the
new york stock exchange will not end the entrenched disconnect between pay and
performance...."  (nyt, 12/29/02, "options payday: raking it in,
even as stocks sag")  "[c]hief executives are still reaping huge
severance deals, even when they are forced out. ... yet corporate directors
still haven't put the brakes on runaway executive pay and the practice of
guaranteeing ceos golden parachutes...." (wsj, 4/8/03, "directors
should end extravagant packages for departing ceos")

 



       
"one of the problems ... is that everyone seemed to lose their heads, even
the supposed watchdogs. ... the political class reacted by giving us
sarbanes-oxley, one of those washington specials that imposed new costs and
burdens on their entire economy in the name of punishing the guilty few. 
we think that history shows that the better way to deter against future
misbehavior is for individuals to be held accountable for their own actions." 
(wsj, 8/14/03, review & outlook: "piano player accounting")

 

       
"unfortunately for investors, computer associates is by no means alone in
responding so glacially to crisis.  a study conducted for the center for
corporate change in beaver creek, colo., found that many companies continue to
reject major change.  r. bruce hutton, a marketing professor at the daniels
college of business at the university of denver, helped conduct the study. 
he said: 'while external forces - legal action, investor pressure - have gotten
stronger, the internal abuses - accounting fraud, consumer misrepresentation,
even compensation - actually seem to have gotten worse.'  some
companies and people 'get it,' mr. hutton said, and are doing what's right. 
but the overall picture remains
dispiriting.  'i don't think anybody believes that we've seen the end
of the discovery process of how broke the system is,' he said. 'the problem is
us, and that we've lost our bearings in some kind of systemic way.'" (nyt,
6/6/04, "the scandal that refuses to go away")


 

         "audiovox
agreed to sell the unit (the company's wireless business, the audiovox
communications corporation) to utstarcom inc. … for $165.1 million. … the
audiovox board approved the transaction in june. … 
as part of the deal, mr. (philip) christopher (an executive vice
president in charge of the company's wireless business) will also receive $16
million for something called ‘personally held intangibles,’ or assets in
audiovox communications that he says are his.  according
to company filings, these intangibles include mr. christopher's personal
contacts and personal and professional relationships with suppliers, customers,
contractors, financiers, employees and ex-employees of the wireless unit. they
also include his 'personal know-how,' trademarks, trade names and patentable
assets relating to the subsidiary. … interesting that it took an asset sale
for audiovox shareholders to learn that for all those years when mr. christopher
was being paid handsomely for managing the wireless unit - a job that includes
building professional relationships with suppliers, customers and workers, for
example - the value of those relationships was accruing to him, not to the
company and its owners.  now that's
ingenuity.  of course, audiovox
hired an independent appraiser, a firm called wharton valuation associates, to
assess the value of mr. christopher's intangibles." 
(nyt, 10/31/04, "jackpot du jour: it pays to quit") 
did someone say that the sarbanes-oxley act could rid corporations of
executive greed, director complicity and/or the employment of appraisers with
much less than 20/20 vision?



  

        
perhaps, there are a few positive affects of the legislation.  "[t]he
legislation (sarbanes-oxley) has produced an unintended consequence: some of the
most experienced board members are unavailable. ... while a director from
may 2001 to june 2002, he (michael d. capellas) recalls, 'we met four times a
year [and] far less preparation was required.  in fact, i would read the
material the night before.' ... mr. capellas says he believes he and other
dynergy directors lived up to their responsibilities as board members.  'i
don't believe there was any lack of preparation,' he says."  (wsj,
1/28/05, "more ceos say 'no thanks' to board seats") 
"experienced" in rationalizing the qualify of representing the
interests of shareholders?



 

top

 




problems with
the
new proxy rule




 
         
"in a decision years in the making, the sec voted 3-2 in favor of the
'proxy access' rule, which requires companies to include the names of all board
nominees, even those not backed by the company, directly on the standard
corporate ballots distributed before shareholder annual meetings. to win the
right to nominate, an investor or group of investors must own at least 3% of a
company's stock and have held the shares for a minimum of three years. ....
hedge funds, pension funds and labor unions have pushed for the rule for years,
contending that corporate boards have little incentive to be responsive to
shareholder concerns because they rarely face contested elections. after all,
they argue, shareholders own the company, and should have sway over its
direction. management—even the chief executive—are hired help. ... for
critics of ms. schapiro, the rule will create an unruly clash of competing
interests that could bog down corporate decision making. ... congress's
financial-regulation law, passed in july, gives the sec clear authority to make
rules on proxy access, likely blocking one line of attack. but opponents could
argue that the sec didn't follow the right procedure in making its rules. ...
the final rule addressed some business concerns. smaller companies will be
exempt from complying with it for three years. investors won't be able to borrow
stock to meet the 3% threshold, and they won't be able to use the new power to
seek a change of control at a company. and they can nominate directors for no
more than a quarter of a company's board. the rule nonetheless sets up a divide
between large and small companies, with the smaller ones more vulnerable to
proxy-access attacks, given the economics at play. it would take an investment
of $2.4 billion to pass the 3% threshold for a company the size of verizon
communications inc., a sum few hedge funds can produce. but for a smaller
company, say the size of leap wireless international inc., the sum required
would be only around $28 million. some veteran corporate leaders think boards
with poor governance practices will be the initial targets of proxy-access
contests next year." (wsj, 8/26/10, "investors gain new clout") 
it is a start.  will the small
print restrictions overshadow the rights provided by the big print? 
"let the games
begin!"
 
     
the following was prepared with respect to sec proposed rule 14a-11.  that
criticism is equally applicable to the the proxy access rule to be
implemented.  
 
     
"the securities and exchange commission staff made a valiant effort yesterday
to find a way to allow shareholders to influence the companies they own. 
… the fact that this would be progress says a lot about the extent to
which the term 'shareholder democracy' is an oxymoron. … the s.e.c. staff
paper … reacts … by leaving large hurdles in the way of insurgent
candidates. … the s.e.c. is still unwilling to take democracy to the limit,
which would mean letting shareholders vote the incumbents out even if no one was
willing to finance a full-scale proxy fight." 
(nyt, 7/16/03, "a small move to shareholder democracy")

 



       
in october 2003, the sec proposed rule 14a-11.  the central issues are: (1) the degree to
which the sec is committed to shareholder democracy and director accountability;
and, (2) whether the proposed rule 14a-11, if it were in effect before enron, worldcom,
tyco, etc., could have been used by shareholders to prevent those corporate
financial disasters. 
self-interested forecasts
of corporate doom and gloom by entrenched directors and the legal professionals who are
well paid to protect them should be ignored.



 



       
sec rule 14a-11 sets a director-nominator share ownership threshold of 5% and limiting the number of truly independent director-candidates.   sec chairman william donaldson attempted to justify such a
substantial threshold/hurdle by stating, "well, i think that the
practicality of doing that ... you know, having such a broad gauge vote, if you
will, and, you know, hundreds of ideas and nominees being put forward, it just
isn't practical.  and i think the problem here is to base this sort of
access on some sort of evidence that a substantial number of shares are not
being listened to." (cnbc, 7/15/03, "shareholders may get bigger say
at companies")  upon what "evidence" does the chairman
assume that there will be "hundreds of ideas and nominees," that any
nominator who can meet the threshold would step forward to nominate
director-candidates or that the true extent of shareholder discontent is related
to the holdings of a few shareholders?  (in our proxy contest at luby's,
above, although the outsider director-candidate nominators held about 1/4% of
the outstanding stock, our candidates garnered 24% of the vote.)  one
cannot predict the extent of shareholder dissatisfaction until the final vote is
counted.

 

       
a recent study has demonstrated that permitting the nomination of only a few
truly independent directors would be ineffective in causing real
reform.  if elected, their fellow board members will isolate them.   "[t]he corporate director who asks management the
tough questions often gets a cold shoulder from the 'in' crowd or shunned by the
ruling clique. ... 'these processes are to some extent under the radar screen of
institutional investors.' ... the research and resulting 65-page paper, 'social
distancing as a control mechanism is the corporate elite' by westphal and poonam
khanna, confirms what critics have long argued -- country-club cronyism bogs
down efforts to rein in ceo power and advance shareholder rights. ... [t]he
corporate board rocker's views will not be solicited, his advice will be
shunned, and his contact with fellow directors will wane. ... '[y]ou should be
relatively pessimistic about the chances for voluntary board reform, unless
there is a significant turnover in board membership...'"(reuters, 8/3/03,
"reformist directors get the big chill, study finds")  the
publicly reported experiences of guy adams, who unseated the chairman of the board of directors
of lone star steakhouse & saloon (star) in a bitterly fought proxy contest, vividly
confirm the results of the study.  "teams
often work better when they have at least some conflict, particularly if there
is more than one dissenter, says michael useem, a professor at the
university of pennsylvania's wharton school.  'a single devil's advocate or
whistleblower faces a really uphill struggle,' he says.  'but if you have
one ally, that is enormously strengthening.'" (wsj, 9/29/04, "some
ideas are so bad that only team efforts can account for them")

 

      
on october 8, 2003, the committee filed its comments
opposing proposed sec rule 14a-11. 

 

top
 
 





problems
with sec disclosure requirements




 
 




        the sec's efforts with
respect to this proposed rule are seriously misplaced. 
as investor confidence in the securities markets is burning, the sec is
fiddling, by expending much valuable time and effort, with a proposed rule that
provides little or no useful benefit to shareholders. 
further, compliance with the proposed rule would cause shareholder assets
to be needlessly expended.




 



       
on august 6, 2003,  the sec proposed proxy rule  changes that would augment
disclosure requirements as "better information about the way board nominees
are identified, evaluated and selected is crucial for shareholder understanding
of the proxy process regarding nomination and election of directors" and
"better information about the processes of shareholder communications with
boards lies at the foundation of shareholder understanding of how they can
interact with directors and director processes."



 



       
the augmentation does not come anywhere near solving the fundamental problem ---
directors are substantially unaccountable for their actions.  the proposed
rule attacks symptoms of the problem, but not the cause.  the new
disclosures would  not remove the fundamental conflict of interest --- directors
are beholden other directors and/or the ceo, vis-à-vis shareholders, for their position and their
longevity.   further, all but the very largest shareholders would still remain impotent to
attempt to cure
that problem.  their willingness to act in an effective manner
on behalf of all shareholders is questionable at best. 



 



       
writing  proxy material setting forth "a company's process for identifying
and evaluating candidates," "minimum  qualifications and standards that
a company seeks for director nominees," "whether a company considers
candidates ... put forth by shareholders and, if so, its process," and/or
"whether a company has rejected candidates put forward by large
long-term shareholders"  would only result in more legalese and
obfuscation.  corporations can always hire the most
eloquent "spinners."  there is an assumption that unlarge
shareholders are incapable of suggesting qualified candidates.  all members
of nominating committees are unlarge shareholders.



 



       
shareholders are to be informed "whether a company has a process for
communications by shareholders to directors," "whether communications
are screened, " and "whether material actions have been taken as a
result of shareholder communications."  as a matter of common sense,
diligent shareholders have
always forwarded information/comments directly to directors.  there is no
proposed rule dealing with the current failure/refusal of directors, ceos and
outside auditors to respond to such communications or, even, to acknowledge receipt of such
communications. 



 



        how
often will companies respond to individual shareholders when large fund managers
get little or no respect?  "one of
life's deep mysteries is why so many institutional investors did so little in
recent years to ride herd on the corporate executives who work for them. robert
olstein, manager of the olstein financial alert fund, is one fund manager who
does not hesitate to sound off to companies whose shares he owns. 
olstein, an accounting expert, has $1.6 billion under management. 
… in recent months, olstein has taken to corresponding with executives
at some of the companies in his portfolio. he does not consider himself a
shareholder activist, but he does speak frankly if he sees something in a
company's operations that he doesn't like. … olstein said the recipients of
his letters … often do not respond. 'the guy who has no answer is not going
to answer you,' he said." (nyt, 8/31/03, "money manager with smarts")

 



       
"a
coalition of institutional investors led by labor-affiliated amalgamated
bank had put forth the proposal to establish an office of
communications to help shareholders directly contact board members.  the
proposal, which was opposed by the board, won support from nearly 21% of
voting shareholders at monday's annual meeting in los angeles. … the failed
resolution follows a september meeting between officials representing some
pension funds and unocal.  … the
coalition of dissident public pension funds, which includes five new york city
pension funds, and state pensions from new york and connecticut, holds 2.6
million unocal shares."  (lat,
5/25/04, "unocal
shareholders reject bid for dissidents' access to board")  major shareholders of
unocal were unable to easily communicate with members of the bod.  the bod
did not want to hear from them.  yet, 79% of shareholders agreed.  so
much for the sec's recent efforts to encourage communication between
shareholders and directors.



 



       
shareholders do  not need better "understanding of the proxy process
regarding nomination and election of directors" or "understanding of
how they can interact with directors and director processes."  shareholders need a means to enforce director accountability and to cure
fundamental conflicts of interest.  the new disclosures would do nothing to alleviate
that need.



 

top

 
   




big
business opposes the sec's minimal efforts




 
 




       
the plan of big business is to keep the status quo.  "the most
powerful business lobby group (business roundtable) in the us plans to ask the securities exchange
commission to delay sweeping reforms that investors say will improve shareholder
democracy."  (financial times, 5/28/03, "sec under proxy
pressure")  yet, "in august 1977, business roundtable ... memo
... was supportive of the equal access concept, recommending that 'the sec
should adopt, if necessary, amendments to rule 14a-8 that would permit
shareholders to propose amendments to corporate bylaws which would provide for
shareholder nominations of candidates for election to boards of
directors.'"  (see,
"equal
access – what is it?")  "much of the dissatisfaction among
shareholders -- big and small -- was generated by the sorts of clubby, insular
practices engaged in by (business) roundtable members." (wsj, 8/5/04,
review & outlook, "the sec's too special access")




       
big business is making large political contributions and engaging in lobbying
efforts in its meritless opposition to rules promoting director accountability
and shareholder democracy.  then, it has the audacity to label shareholders
as "special interests" saying that they will "corrupt the board
process."  who is calling the kettle black?  unfortunately, big
business has been somewhat successful in maintaining the status quo.  




       
"big business to the securities and exchange commission: enough is enough.
... a coalition of the chamber of commerce and the business roundtable has led a campaign against an sec proposal that would give shareholders more power to nominate directors.
...  sec chairman william donaldson, who has championed the proposals under attack, has recently begun chastising
'business organizations' in his speeches, saying they are trying to derail much-needed improvements in how business operates.  in a speech this month, mr. donaldson said some business groups are
'dedicated in deed and rhetoric to perpetuating a myopic focus on the status
quo.' ... for the chamber and business roundtable, a powerful association of 157 ceos from the u.s.'s largest corporations, the biggest concern is a pending proposal to give shareholders greater access to the corporate proxy.
... after being proposed by the sec a year ago, the rule has been roundly criticized by many in the business community, who say it will corrupt the board process and open companies to the whims of special interests. 
public citizen, a consumer-advocacy group, plans to release a study today that outlines a massive lobbying campaign that allegedly has resulted in the bush administration pressuring the sec to kill or at least water down the shareholder-access proposal. 
the chamber and the roundtable sponsored a pro-business coalition called shareholders for growth, which collected anti-rule comments and ran newspaper ads opposing the rule, the report says.  members of the coalition are other corporate-funded organizations, including americans for tax reform and the national association of manufacturers. 
forty-nine executives from corporations who are members of the roundtable, the chamber's board of directors or both, and whose companies are opposed to the rule, each raised at least $100,000 for the 2000 and 2004 bush campaigns or the republican national committee, and a few raised more than $300,000, according to public citizen. 
federal disclosure forms show that the roundtable itself spent more than $12.8 million lobbying the federal government, including the white house, in 2003 and the first half of 2004, the report says. 
treasury secretary john snow -- a former chairman of the business roundtable -- opposed the rule and discussed the matter with mr. donaldson, people close the sec say. 
mr. donaldson, who had been a strong proponent of the original rule proposal, is now supporting a weaker compromise and has told sec officials he has concerns about the rule as proposed.
...  [t]he proxy proposal is at a standstill.  although mr. donaldson moved away from the original proposal in favor of a modified rule, so far, he has been unable to get consensus from his four fellow commissioners on how to proceed." 
(wsj, 10/27/04, "back off! businesses go toe-to-toe with sec") 
see, "corporate
cronies: how the bush administration has stalled a major corporate reform and
placed the interests of donors over the nation's investors" by public
citizen - congress watch (october 2004).



 

   
     big business has
employed another specious tactic to keep the status quo. 
on one hand, it argues that the sec does not possess legal authority to
permit shareholders greater access to the ballot as that authority rests with
the corporate laws of the various states.  however,
when a state seeks to grant such access, big business argues that such state
action is barred by theory of federal pre-emption and the need for national
uniformity.

       
"he is unequivocal about one thing, though:  director election
policy-making should be handled at the state level.  mr. (e. norman) veasey
(former delaware supreme court judge and now employed by weil, gotshal &
manges) opposes a pending securities and exchange commission rule proposal that
would give shareholders the right to nominate directors in the corporate
proxy."  (wsj, 10/27/04,
“directors get latitude, judge says”)


       
california assembly bill 2752 presented a
more effective approach to permit shareholder nominations of director candidates
than proposed sec rule 14a-11.  however, big business successfully argued
that ab 2752 was impermissible due to the federal pre-emption doctrine.  ab
2752 was watered down, passed by the legislature and vetoed by the governor. 
(thestreet.com, 7/22/04, "california
bill won’t be key to proxy door.")


 


       
has big business employed academics to inform the investing public that their studies show that "up" is "down" or
"black" is "white"?  "if a professor takes money
from a company and then argues in the media for a position that the company
favors, is he an independent expert --- or a paid shill?  it's not an
academic question.  some companies have been paying professors to promote
their points of view on tv shows, in newspaper and magazine articles and in
letters to the editor.  in many cases the arrangements between the
professor and the company isn't disclosed."  (wsj, 12/10/04,
"some professors take payments to express views")



 
top
 




sample
responses from individual investors




 
 

   
     reader reaction (e-mails to the sec and/or the committee and posts on financial message
boards) to information exposing the hurdles of nominating/electing truly independent directors and calling for reform has been positive and
overwhelming.  we thank you.  sample responses are as follows:

 



       
"the problem is indeed the cozy relationship between the bod which is
virtually handpicked by the ceo and the ceo who is insulated from the
shareholders by the bod.  the bod is given the 'mushroom treatment,'
getting their information spoon fed to them by --- you guessed it --- the ceo,
and his appointed cfo, and coo.  this enables the ceo to operate with
little or no regard for the interests of the shareholders, employees or
customers of the company and deflect blame for his mismanagement of the company
by conveniently sacrificing the careers of subordinates whenever he has to
report bad news. ... without a way to nominate truly independent directors ...
there is little influence concerned shareholders can exert....  true
reform of corporate america will not take place until shareholders' interests
are more adequately represented."




 



       
"a tiny and closed fraternity of privileged men, elected by no one, and
enjoying a monopoly sanctioned and licensed by government.  spiro t.
agnew" 




 



       
"the shareholders of american corporations no more elect their boards of
directors than the iraqi people elect saddam hussein." 




 



       
"there is definitely an old boys' network in place.  if you develop a
reputation of being a board member who does not play ball (i.e., award stock
options for management) you will get thrown out of the network."




 



       
"currently, we have big-name directors who are on the board because of
their claim to fame; not because they contribute to the running of the
company.  these directors tend to rubber stamp everything the ceo puts in
front of them because the ceo rewards them for behaving."




 



       
a private investor in germany wrote, "when i have started to
invest in the usa about 3 years ago i was sure that elections of directors are
fair. ... so when i have discovered that elections of directors of usa public
companies are not democratic i was very surprised and disappointed. ... this is
exactly how voting in communist countries worked.  everyone could vote, but
there was just no choice of candidates.  the point was not how to be
elected, but how to get on the election list.  with this system no changes
were possible, so there was no motivation to improve the governance."
(emphasis in original.)



 



       
"if ... your (a ceo's) primary objective is to milk the stockholders for
your own bank account and pride, you get yes-man (and women) on the board to
rubber-stamp your plans. ... all these corporate scandals could not have
happened if board members were doing their jobs.  let's join this group in
petitioning ... to make changes in current
law."




 



       
"shareholders should have direct access to all elections and not have to
react to the 'chosen' names on the ballot."




 



       
"[the petition for rulemaking (sec file no. 4-461) is] new legislation
allowing independent candidates to corporate boards, not just management
approved shills.  this could be the most important change in the market
place since j. m. keynes."




 



       
several persons commented upon the potential economic and psychological consequences of failing to
implement reform.  "i'm going to be out of common stocks until there
is a real change in the rules.  it is all too obvious that the current
rules are stacked against owners."  individual investors set
forth their opinions in e-mails to the sec.  "please consider the proposal by committee of concerned
shareholders as the best method of turning this situation around --- if we don't
have a voice we won't invest anymore."  "to not rescind this rule
[rule 14a-8(i)(8)] is to risk total disillusionment by individual stockholders
and a stock market starved for investors."  "investor confidence
is severely shaken.  as the public becomes aware of how little control is
allotted to the actual owners of corporations, this confidence will certainly
erode even further."  "last year was the first since 1988
that more money was withdrawn from stock-based mutual funds than was
added.  some attribute that at least partly to flagging trust in corporate
america." (wsj, 9/1/03, "a shareholder's guide to grilling
companies")




 

top

 




shareholders
unite! - petition for rulemaking (sec file no. 4-461)




 
 




        shareholders
should be entitled to nominate and elect truly independent directors --- those who are
 not
beholden to management and/or fellow directors for their selection, retention
and/or the financing of their proxy solicitation efforts.   


 



      
will companies voluntarily make it realistically possible for shareholders to
elect directors  not selected by management and/or incumbent directors?  the last time someone
voluntarily relinquished real power was in 1797 --- george washington resigned from
office. 


 



       
on august 2, 2002, the committee and james mcritchie, editor of corpgov.net, jointly filed a
formal petition for rulemaking (sec file no. 4-461) with the sec that requested, in
substance, rule 14a-8(i)(8) be eliminated.  you may view the official copy of the  petition for rulemaking and
description of proposed amendments.  hundreds of investors have
formally registered their comments with the sec in support of the petition.  they
express the view that it is time that true democracy
comes to the corporate ballot. 


 

      
will the sec modify sec
rule 14a-8(i) to provide shareholders with a level playing field?  it all depends on
you!  join us with our efforts.  please e-mail

ms.
elizabeth m. murphy,
secretary, at the sec, indicating that you support the petition for rulemaking
(sec file no. 4-461) submitted by the committee and james mcritchie.  sample e-mail is set forth below.  2/ 
samples of communications to the sec by three of our
supporters can be found on yahoo! at taa message board post # 15407,
iflo
message board post  # 10057 and iflo
message board post # 10068. taa
message board post # 15407 has received at least 119 (!!!) "recommendations." also,
you may sign, with many others, an internet petition
in support of the petition.

 

        
if you want corporate governance to improve, you must take action to improve
it.  otherwise, after a cooling off period, companies and their boards
of directors will go back to
"business as usual" until the next series of financial fiascos.

 
 
committee of concerned shareholders
culver
city, california
 
 
for
information and/or to make comments or suggestions, please communicate with us
at:
information@concernedshareholders.com
 
 
 
last
revised:   february 22, 2024
 
top

 
1/
securities and exchange commission, rule
14a-8, provides an opportunity for a shareholder owning a relatively small
amount of a company's securities to have his/her proposal placed alongside
management's proposals in the company's proxy materials for presentation to a
vote at an annual or special meeting of shareholders.  it has become
increasingly popular because it provides an avenue for communication between shareholders
and companies, as well as among shareholders themselves.  rule 14a-8
generally requires the company to include the proposal unless the shareholder
has not complied with rule14a-8's procedural requirements or the proposal falls
within one of 13 bases for exclusion.
 
       
rule 14a-(8)(i)(8) excludes proposals that relate to an election for membership
on the company's board of directors or analogous governing body.
 
 
2/
i
fully support the efforts of the committee of concerned shareholders and james
mcritchie with respect to their petition for rulemaking (sec file no. 4-461). 
it is time that democracy should come to the corporate ballot.  shareholders (the
true owners of corporate america) should be entitled to a fair and impartial
opportunity to elect truly independent directors. 
further, recent corporate events have demonstrated that individual
shareholders need an effective means by which undesirable directors can be held
accountable, e.g., removed from office via use of the simplified shareholder
proposal procedure.  individual shareholders should be able to act as their
own watchdogs when it comes to improving corporate governance.
 
top
 
 





disclaimer





the
information presented on this website was obtained from sources believed to be
reliable, but its accuracy and completeness cannot be guaranteed.  it
is provided solely for general interest and educational purposesthe
information presented on this website was obtained from sources believed to be
reliable, but its accuracy and completeness cannot be guaranteed.  it
is provided solely for general interest and educational purposes,
e.g., learning from negative examples.  it
is not intended to be nor should it be interpreted to be the rendering of legal
or other advice. do
not necessarily state or reflect those of any one else, are not necessarily
politically-correct and are subject to change without notice.
 







 
 
 
this
website is  sponsored by:
 
law 
offices  of


les
greenberg
lgreenberg@lgesquire.com
 
investment
litigation/arbitration,
shadow
counsel and
investigative services
====
 
###


