











department of political science – college of letters and science – uw–madison




























 











skip to main content

university of wisconsin–madison






uw crest









department of political science

college of letters and science




search






menu
open menu


close





people
expand


collapse



administration and staff
faculty
graduate students
affiliates
emeriti
professional workplace environment


undergraduate program
expand


collapse



political science major
the student experience
courses
bulletin board
political science certificate
pepp certificate


graduate program
expand


collapse



program overview
graduate courses
resources for current students
resources for teaching assistants
job market candidates
recent awards and publications
diversity and inclusion


research
expand


collapse



fields
research groups
workshops & colloquia
recent news
faculty publications
faculty awards


alumni & friends
expand


collapse



alumni & friends
board of visitors
booth fowler testimonials
north hall society
newsletters


1050 bascom podcast
internship board
diversity, equity and inclusion
give a gift
 






 






the university of wisconsin department of political science is one of the nation’s oldest and most respected programs. our department is highly ranked in national surveys, and our award-winning faculty are known for innovative research on the discipline’s most current and important questions. our dedication to teaching is also apparent: we are one of the largest majors on campus, with a commitment to excellence in undergraduate instruction.

 
 
 
 




stay up to date on campus events below 


            uw events  calendar
more

 



 

recent newsprofessor mark copelovitch returns from sabbatical in berlindirector of european studies, expert in international political economy and international organizations, and professor of political science and public affairs, mark copelovitch returns to uw this fall after a year on sabbatical in berlin. he …september 3, 2024poli sci majors holly puza and matthew masonius named winner and honorable mention for the 2024 iwanter prize for undergraduate researchrecent graduate holly puza (b.a. ’24, political science, english literature, international studies, certificate in european studies) was awarded the 2024 iwanter prize for undergraduate research for her thesis, “is that how free feels”: aesthetic knowledge …july 18, 2024more news 
more

 



stay connected and up to date! 


            poli sci  instagram
more

 



            ps department  linkedin
more

 



            ps bulletin  board
more

 



            ps internship  board
more

 



            ps  advising
more

 



            ps podcast - 1050  bascom
more

 



            syllabus  library
more

 



 
 
 
 


bridging political divides




why study political science? at the 2024 graduation ceremony, professors jon pevehouse and kathy cramer offered their thoughts on the poli sci experience and why it’s an important topic to explore .


 
 
 
 




the political science department is located in north hall, the oldest building on campus.  due to its age, this building is not accessible to individuals with mobility disabilities and does not have an elevator or accessible restroom.  the department is committed to equal opportunity for all students to attend office hours, advising, and other department-related events.  please contact faye lux at flux@wisc.edu or 608.263.1780 if north hall presents a disability-related barrier to you, and the department will gladly work to ensure access.  if you require a disability-related accommodation for the academic requirements of a political science course unrelated to north hall, please review the information below. 


            accommodations for students with disabilities           



 
 
 
 




site footer content




university logo that links to main university website













































part of the universities of wisconsin
 
department usedepartment resources
political science external kb
political science internal kb


contact usdepartment of political science
110 north hall
1050 bascom mall
university of wisconsin-madison
madison, wi 53706
email: info@polisci.wisc.edu
phone: (608) 263-2414

instagram


x twitter


facebook

 

website feedback, questions or accessibility issues: webmaster@polisci.wisc.edu | learn more about accessibility at uw–madison.
this site was built using the uw theme | privacy notice | © 2025 board of regents of the university of wisconsin system.












