



  














continuing education for psychologist & social workers | professional psych seminars











































skip to content
continuing education for psychologists, social workers, mfts, nurses and counselors.

log in



questions? (877) 777-0668


















on-demand course sign-up
live webinar sign-up

















spring 2025 live webinar series available for registrationclick on live webinars to view our upcoming classes through may 2025.  sign up now to receive the early registration and multi-course discounts.check, out our great on-demand classeschoose from over 50 of our on-demand classes.  you can view all of our classes on a computer, tablet or smart phone. complete these classes on your own schedule.  we offer a no-risk, full-refund guarantee.like us on facebook and follow us on linkedinwin $500 gift cards when we reach 1000 likes on facebook and 1000 followers on linkedin. click their icons at the top of the page.  














on-demand courses



addiction
adhd
aging
anxiety
autism
bipolar disorders
brain / science / mind-body

clinical supervision
cultural diversity and social justice

dsm-5-tr

emdr
emotionally focused therapy
grief and loss
insomnia

law and ethics
mindfulness
motivational interviewing

pain
personality disorders
positive psychology
psychopharmacology
relationships / infidelity
suicide


telehealth
therapies

trauma / violence
weight, diet and body image



live webinars

discounts and rewards

information


about us

ce credit
class resources
free transcript report

general information
frequently asked questions

rewards
contact us




ce approvals

login

cart 0






professional psych seminars is, by far, the best ceu online system that i have consistently experienced!!! it is very easy to use, the technology is effective and consistently works! and has the best method of the sectioned quizzes! thank you!



earn ce credits/ceus from our expert faculty

marwaazab,ph.d.
joanborysenko,ph.d.
john,briere,ph.d.
maximilliane. fuentesfuhrmann,ph.d.
barbara c.wallace,ph.d.
pamelaharmell,ph.d.
susanmarie,pmhnp,ph.d.
emilianasimon-thomas,ph.d.






courses we offer:

courses for continuing education psychologists
mft continuing education
ceus for psychologists


courses for continuing education social workers
continuing education psychologist

the courses we offer are tailored for individuals such as psychologists, social workers, nurses, and counselors that need to stay certified while maintaining a busy schedule.  
it is extremely important to stay up-to-date on the latest training in your field. our easy on-demand courses fit into your busy schedule. all you have to do is view the presentation, take the quiz, and print your certificate! you will be up to date on your courses and education.
contact us at (877) 777-0668 to learn more about these courses.




news and blog
visit blog





april 20, 2021
course offerings of mft ceus



april 20, 2021
continuing education for psychologists



april 20, 2021
behavioral health seminars for continuing education



april 20, 2021
mental health ceus online

 




continuing education for psychologists, mental health professionals & social workers
the fields of psychology, social work, marriage and family therapy and mental health practice are constantly changing. it is important for skilled mental health professionals to stay on top of the latest research and practice innovations. this enables mental health practitioners to effectively serve their clients. one way to stay on top of changes in the mental health field is to take continuing educational classes, which integrate theory, research and practice.  this is what we strive to do at professional psych seminars.
take continuing education classes 
continuing education (ce or ceus) classes are  now mandated in most states in order to renew your mental health license, be it as a psychologist, licensed clinical social worker (lcsw or licsw), marriage and family therapist (mft or lmft), nurse,  or licensed professional counselor (lpc or lpcc).  there are benefits to continuing education, often referred to at ce or ceu, beyond just meeting this requirement.  attending live classes, such as mft continuing education workshops, allows you to network with colleagues, and make new connections with other people in your field or a related one. 
your best choice - professional psych seminars (pps) 
psychsem.com is the best choice to help mental health professionals stay current with the ever-changing developments in the mental health field. pps offers mental health professionals the opportunity to take continuing education courses that meet state licensing requirements for continuing education as well as provide them with information taught by many of the leading experts in the field. we are the place for psychologist continuing education, mft continuing education and lcsw continuing education.
live and on-demand classes
professional psych seminars (pps) offers on-demand classes as well as live webinars. this allows the mental health professional to select the type of professional continuing education that best suits their needs. some may find that they learn much better in a live webinar when working directly with an instructor and fellow classmates. another mental health professional may prefer to learn online at home or at the office, following their own pace to learn.
we offer many services to mental health professionals. these include a no risk guarantee for our on-demand classes, discounts for live webinars, a platinum club rewards program for live webinars, free transcript reports of classes you have taken from us, and outstanding customer service.  you will be able to speak with a real person rather than an answering machine when you call us during our regular business hours.
contact us today for all your continuing education needs at info@psychsem or at our toll-free number, 877-777-0668.







our services

live webinars
on-demand courses
discounts & rewards
information
ce approvals
ce for social workers
contact us




professional psych seminars


p.o. box 3174,
thousand oaks, 
ca
91359
usa

$$$
phone: 805-371-9443|
toll free: 877-777-0668

phone (805) 371-9443toll free (877) 777-0668
p.o. box 3174 thousand oaks, ca 91359-0174 • info@psychsem.com
1996 - 2025 professional psych seminars
all content copyright © 2025 - all rights reservedprivacy - terms & conditions - site map


professional psych seminars
                    
                    






no risk guarantee. if you are not satisfied we will refund your money for an on-demand class. view our refund policy for details.

100% secure ordering - mastercard, visa, amex, discover














