







swarthmore presbyterian church – striving to be the body of christ – here and now – ready to serve!








































































 








facebookinstagramyoutubemailjoin us this sunday! for more information call: 610-543-4712 | membership log-in/sign-up 


home
worship

sunday worship
online worship services
baptisms & weddings
memorial services
music ministry
children in worship
sermons


engage

getting involved
outreach
first place swarthmore
caring ministries
boards & committees


learn

adult education
children’s ministry
youth ministry
presbyterian women
walking the labyrinth


visit

plan your visit
pastors & staff
connect with us
newcomers gatherings
building & grounds
visitor welcome form


about us

spc weekly notes
church resources
nursery day school
room rentals
employment opportunities
church calendar


give to spc

e-giving
learn about e-giving
stewardship pledge form
annual giving & pledging
ways to give
legacy giving
special offerings


contact

contact information
directions


search




menu


menu

 






swarthmore presbyterian church
striving to be the body of christ – here and now – ready to serve!

news & eventsjoin us for party gras!


striving to be the body of christ – here and now – ready to serve!


news & events

join us for party gras!

.

welcome




since its founding in 1896, swarthmore presbyterian church has been an enduring and dynamic presence in the swarthmore community. we have been blessed with a legacy of stable pastoral leadership and a congregation that upholds both independent thinking and deep, abiding values. here we equip ourselves to live faithfully and to share the gospel through service locally and globally. our congregants are generous of heart and ready to serve.
won’t you come and take a closer look?




join us for worship this sunday!


join us for worship this sunday!




early morning worship
8:00 am (in loeffler chapel)
the early morning worship service at 8:00 am will take place in loeffler chapel. this 45-minute service allows worshipers to engage with scripture through guided discussion in lieu of a sermon, and music is led by a pianist. the order of worship and liturgy very similar to those experienced in the sanctuary at 10:15 am.




adult education
9:00 am in the study
our adult education programs are driven by our quest to learn more about the bible and our faith tradition, as well as to explore issues at the intersection of our faith with society and culture. some classes are taught by experts and others are designed for peer learning. all are welcome!




youth group (6th-12th grade)
check out our schedule!
our youth gather to be empowered to love others, god, and themselves. we practice jesus’ radical hospitality as best we can, so when we say you can belong here, we actually mean it. come with all your faith and doubts, questions and passions, exhaustion, and hope. friends and newcomers are always invited and welcome.




worship in the sanctuary
10:15 am worship service
worship in the sanctuary at 10:15 am embodies a classic worship tradition. the word is proclaimed through liturgy, song and preaching. music led and enhanced by robed choir and pipe organ. communion for both services is served on the first sunday of each month.


a time with children
10:15 am worship service

children are a vital part of our worship life, and always welcome. families can find activity bags in our sanctuary with worksheets on the lesson of the day (available in the large transept and at the rear of the nave). in the 10:15 am service, there is a moment for children, when children are invited to engage with the scripture of the day.



godly play
10:15 am worship service
after “a time with children”

following “a time with children,” children ages 3 through 3rd grade are invited to the godly play room (2nd floor of the education wing) for a time of worship, wondering questions, and play, led by storytellers trained in godly play (often rev. david norse thomas).



 fellowship hour
11:15 am
in fellowship hall

our parish life team provides beverages and snacks and invites everyone to enjoy one another’s company in fellowship hall. please make a point of saying hello to someone you do not yet know.




join us online



this sunday, we continue to livestream our 10:15 am worship service! to join us, click on the link below (when worship begins or earlier for the prelude). a full video recording will be available afterwards on youtube.



this sunday, we continue to livestream our 10:15 am worship service! to join us, click on the link below (when worship begins or earlier for the prelude). a full video recording will be available afterwards on youtube.




to access additional worship service videos click here.

to access additional worship service videos click here.



.


news & events





› open table saturday at chester eastsidesat., feb. 15 @ 9:30 am (at chester eastside)january 4, 2025/by doug wadas› lord’s day worship with spcsunday mornings @ 8 am (chapel) & 10:15 am (sanctuary)january 5, 2025/by doug wadas› inspirations for lent: what’s bringing us lifesunday, february 16 @ 9:00 am (in loeffler chapel)january 5, 2025/by doug wadas› friday flix of the month: “fences”fri., feb. 21 / 7 pm (entrance through the study door)january 10, 2025/by doug wadas› bear hugs ministrysundays through feb 23 @ 11:15 am (fellowship hall)january 12, 2025/by doug wadas› presbyterian women (pw) reading circlesunday, february 23 / 6 - 8 pm (in the study)january 12, 2025/by doug wadas› party gras: mardi gras themed spc fundraiserfriday, feb. 28 / 6:30 - 10:30 pm (in fellowship hall)january 17, 2025/by doug wadas› get involved with children & youth ministrywe wouldn’t be us without you!january 17, 2025/by doug wadas› youth group: mark your calendarswinter schedule, 2025january 17, 2025/by doug wadas› camp johnsonburg & montreat conferencesign up today for camp johnsonburg & montreat!january 17, 2025/by doug wadas› spc parish administratorspc is hiring! / click here to learn morejanuary 17, 2025/by doug wadas›  worship with spc on ash wednesdaywed. mar. 5 / ashes to go 7-8:30 am / worship 7 pmjanuary 22, 2025/by doug wadas

back to top


contact


contact us! we would love to share more with you about our church and ministry.


name * e-mail * message 

 




back to top
   

recent podcast 
nursery day school


recent sermonsworking the third shift  by rev. sarah cooper searightcalled to the edges  by rev. joyce shinthat the spirit may be made visible by rev. joyce shinsunday sermon by rev. joyce shincontact swarthmore presbyterian church
727 harvard avenue,
swarthmore, pa 19081
610-543-4712
spcparish@swarthmorepres.org


social media 

get directions







© 2025 swarthmore presbyterian church - powered by enfold wordpress theme
facebookinstagramyoutubemail






scroll to top









































