  wolfstream – the homepage of tom whiting   

about meimage gallerymy picsthe catschuck and patchesexploring the new placepeanut and snoopyreview pagereviews dashboard pagesample reviews pagesingle review pagesubmit review page
wolfstreamthe homepage of tom whiting
windows 11: getting ready!

september 13, 2021


comments off on windows 11: getting ready! 
 read

electronics and hardware windows 11 is almost here (legitimately, mind you :)), and there’s quite a bit of  “information” out there about it…. so , maybe one should try to get some proper information before attempting to install / upgrade continue reading →
new tv stuff (2019 edition)

november 11, 2019


comments off on new tv stuff (2019 edition) 
 read

movies and tv 

 here it comes, this year’s “new stuff on tv” post… this time with visual aids… omg!!! pretty long and boring stuff, honestly, but i enjoy writing about this stuff, and sharing the fun that’s in here. continue reading →
starting my own personal internal netflix (part 1)

october 7, 2019


comments off on starting my own personal internal netflix (part 1) 
 read

plex media server for some 20  years, i’ve collected physical and digital copies of tv, concerts and movies, from various sources, through various friends. about a year and a half ago, i looked at my walls and decided it was time to shrink it down somehow. i had my entire living room wall covered in movies, and tv was covering the back part of my kitchen wall. it was a hell of a mess trying to find things, because, try as i might, keeping things in order was ugly, and i never knew what (if any) platform that things were to be found on (apple, amazon, a couple vudu, etc).  with over 2k movies, 150+ professional live (wwe, concert) shows, 300+ tv series (1200+ seasons, 17k+ episodes), it was time to put it all together, and that took a good bit of planning and investigation. continue reading →
my day at the movies – march, 2019

march 12, 2019


comments off on my day at the movies – march, 2019 
 read

internet, movies and tv a long , long time ago, in a galaxy far, far away, i used to embark on a fun adventure called “tuesday afternoon movies”.  essentially, i’d spend an afternoon or so every month at the movies, in order to relieve some of the stress of day to day life. i’ve been ignoring that for the past few months, partly because nothing ‘good’ came out i wanted to see, partly because winter, and partly because, lazy…  well, today, i ventured out into the world of movie theater again, and here’s what i thought of it.please note: the opinions inside are absolutely my own and in no way represent those i know, friends or the like. i’ll happily discuss these opinions with you, or others, in a calm and rational fashion. however, i will not tolerate in any way, shape or form, harassment, bullying, or the like. just because i don’t like something you do doesn’t give you the right to attack me. show the same respect i show you, ok?i’ve tried to keep these as spoiler free as possible, so please do keep that in mind, in the comments! continue reading →
america:  uncivilized, by nature.

june 19, 2018


comments off on america:  uncivilized, by nature. 
 read

politics in a civilized world, people don’t attack one another simply because they believe different things… well, in any civilized country except for america, i guess. continue reading →
← older posts     




