







glimmer.org/ethiopia

















































0






























































glimmer is a family foundation guided by a vision to alleviate some of the pain and suffering on the planet. founded in 2000, glimmer addresses the needs of local communities—in our own backyard of austin, texas, and in remote communities of ethiopia.


























donna and philip berber’s philanthropy centers on going deep into communities and listening to local needs. glimmer’s work has reached more than 5 million people in ethiopia, supporting community well-being and life changing opportunities for women and girls. in austin, glimmer builds relationships with dynamic leaders and invests in programs that are creating a meaningful impact through innovative solutions to poverty, homelessness, hunger, and addiction.



























globally 



investing in a brighter future for ethiopiaglimmer funds local initiatives in rural ethiopia with a focus on critical humanitarian needs and the well-being of women and girls. our founding was inspired by the famine in ethiopia in the 1980s. today, as the country continues to endure the ongoing impacts of war and drought, we are focusing more humanitarian funding in tigray. 




    learn more
  


























locally



alleviating poverty and caring for those who struggle in austin in austin, texas, glimmer partners with and invests in local nonprofits and service organizations that care for and uplift those who suffer from poverty, homelessness, hunger, and addiction. we are committed to empowering these vital organizations with the resources and support they need to make a lasting impact on the lives of the most vulnerable in our community. by focusing our efforts on addressing these critical issues, we strive to create a more compassionate and resilient austin, where every individual has the opportunity to thrive.




    learn more
  

















contactinfo@glimmer.org



© 2024 a glimmer of hope. all rights reserved. photos by esther havens and özgür kıyat.











