


small business taxes, investment games, financial games







    


    



    









 


"the business reference and learning center"




michael d. jenkins, a harvard-trained tax attorney and former cpa, 
is the author and publisher of authoritative tax and legal publications and 
software for small businesses and investors, including 
the small business advisor 
software, under the ronin software banner. he writes and publishes the small 
business tax and legal library of 34 kindle 
state editions of the 
"starting and operating a business in ...(state)"
e-book series. (see cover images / ordering links for some of the e-books, above.)

the small business advisor software program includes the entire
massive content of the author's 34-book "starting and operating a business" series 
of kindle e-books and has other very useful features for small businesses or for 
anyone who advises small businesses, as described in the 
product summary. (or
click here
for prices and ordering information.)

jenkins also authors and publishes 
wall street raider,
the simulation/game of corporate high finance, widely recognized as the ultimate, 
most sophisticated game of its kind, as well as speculator, 
the equally sophisticated (and addictive!) stock, options, and futures trading 
simulation/game. check out users' comments, 
or scroll down this page for more information on these unique financial simulations.


  
 
















 small business advisor
click on main screen (below) for product info:


 
















stock market / finance software simulations
for investors & gamers:
wall $treet raider and speculator






!!! check out wallstreetraider.com, our
secure main website, devoted solely to our financial games software!  or just google "wall 
street raider" or "speculator" to learn more about these two unique financial games/simulations....



wall street raider -- the sophisticated
corporate finance and stock market simulation / game, with realistic mergers, tender offers, 
liquidations, lbos, ipos, "greenmail," spin-offs, tax strategizing, and all the other tools 
of corporate high finance. all action occurs in a "live action" economic environment, with 
moving simulated stock ticker and scrolling news ticker. sharpen your business i.q. and 
your investing skills with this extraordinarily realistic (and addictive) simulator. 


wall street raider has been continually published and updated than almost any other software
game in existence. first published in 1986 by the author's book publisher, and self-published
by author michael jenkins (dba ronin software) since 1990, initially as an ms-dos program,
raider has been under continuous refinement and development since 1986, and was migrated to
windows in 2001. the simulation currently has paid users on all 7 continents (including 
antarctica), in over 120 countries.


this realistic simulation offers a vast array of stocks to invest in (or sell short), in up 
to 1590 companies in 70 industries, plus 20 exchange-traded funds (etfs), government bonds, 
corporate bonds issued by hundreds of the companies (including convertible bonds), plus 
executive stock options, salary, and bonuses if you become ceo of a publicly-traded company 
that you control. 


also, you can speculate in put and call options, commodity futures on oil, gold, silver, 
wheat, corn, and on cryptocurrencies and a stock market index. you or companies you 
control can also bet on the direction of interest rates by buying bonds or entering
into interest rate swaps (derivatives). you can be a passive investor or trader or,
as a billionaire, you can take over companies and manage them, seeking to increase 
their profits and drive up their stock price and perhaps dominate their industry by 
crushing competitors.

click here to see the latest
press release, announcing the publication of version 9.75 of wall street raider.

among numerous other new features, the previous release, version 9.50 added 
built-in inflation to the simulation for gold, silver, and cryptocurrencies. it 
also introduced bitcoin and ethereum cryptocurrencies (and futures trading on each) 
to wall street raider. another new feature allows you to turn off ("repeal") the 
civil or criminal anti-trust laws, or both, to create a more lawless, 19th-century 
style "robber baron" economic model, making it easier to create monopolies.

major features introduced in the prior release, version 9.0, included detailed 
3-month cash flow projections for corporations and warnings when a company you 
control is projected to face serious cash flow problems within the next 3 months, 
giving you a chance to prevent forced sales of assets by taking decisive actions 
to avert the company's cash flow crunch (if possible). 

version 9.0, our 2021 edition, as users had requested, also added a rarely 
occurring but devastating "pandemic scenario" that can play out for years, 
bankrupting many companies, while enriching a few others.

several of the other main new features added in versions 8.70 to 9.0 dealt with 
exchange-traded funds (etfs). version 9.0 included 5 new etfs, including 3 different 
types of bond funds (government, investment-grade, and "junk" bond etfs), and two 
triple-leveraged stock index etfs -- one that is a chancey (3x) bet on a rising 
stock market, and the other a 3x short bet that the stock index will fall. in 
response to requests from users, version 8.70 enabled players to manage the
investments of etfs, if the player controls the insurance company or securities 
broker that is the adviser to the etf. 


we also built in new incentive compensation features for etf fund managers, so if an 
etf has a large amount of capital appreciation in any 2-calendar year measurement 
period, the fund's investment adviser/manager will be paid an incentive management 
fee or bonus equal to 20% of the gain that exceeds 20% for the 2-year period. in 
short, a player can now operate etfs much like a hedge fund, and the large incentive
fee paid to the player's controlled insurance company or securities broker can give a
huge boost to that company's earnings (and stock price). 


also, a "maximum growth rate throttle" has been added to the "settings" menu, so if 
you control a large number of companies and want to limit the expansion rate for all
of them, such as when a recession or depression strikes, you can immediately do so 
by using the growth rate throttle to set a maximum growth rate your companies will 
not attempt to exceed.


other recent releases have added numerous other important new features, as listed 
here, including:

   
convertible bonds (for investing, or for financing companies you control in the simulation);
   the ability to set stock price alerts for any stock in the game, so you will be notified by 
       a pop-up message if or when the stock reaches the price objective you set;
   the ability to set price alerts for commodity or cryptocurrency spot prices, as well as
       alerts for interest rate changes (such as the prime rate) or when gdp growth rates rise or
       fall to a level you specify;
   bank asset allocation -- a player can now set an asset allocation strategy for a bank he or
       she controls, which the bank will attempt to maintain, despite actions like early repayment
       of corporate loans or demands to extend more credit that require liquidation of other assets
       by the bank; and
   important improvements to the spin-off routine and the database search function, such as
       the ability to search within a single industry or to search for convertible bonds that
       trade at specified premiums over their conversion value, plus many other minor improvements.
   

view user comments about 
wall street raider, and how many long-time players have found it to be a tremendous 
learning tool about investing and real-world corporate finance, as well as highly 
entertaining.

download and try a free copy of the wall street raider 
shareware version, the basic version
with simulated stock and bond trading, commodity futures (gold, silver, oil, wheat, corn)
trading, and all types of complex corporate transactions enabled (mergers, spin-offs, 
liquidations, etc.). 


you can also download here, from
one of the many secure shareware sites listed.



wall street raider has been tested by cnet's download.com with over 70 anti-malware programs and found clean! 
see their testing results page for the setupshr.exe file
here:



or order your copy of the full, registered version of 
wall street raider, which also enables stock and commodity charts, short selling, 
and put & call options trading, plus other derivatives trading (interest rate swaps), 
in addition to the stock, bond, and commodity futures trading that are enabled in the 
basic (free) version. order here.



speculator: the stock trading simulation -- 
a "pure" investment game, with a simulated "live" investment environment that is similar to 
wall street raider, but in this game, you are a middle-class small investor, starting off as a 
novice, with only $100,000 you have just inherited, instead of starting out as a billionaire 
(in wall street raider). it's a highly challenging game, since you are strictly an investor, 
not a billionaire who can take over companies and manipulate their stock prices or dominate
whole industries. as such, in this simulation, you have to use your investment research skills, 
perusing information on the 1000+ companies, to sniff out undervalued stocks and bonds (including 
convertible bonds) in order to get ahead. the game is remarkably realistic, and will definitely
hone your "real world" investing skills, as you learn (by doing) to read balance sheets and
earnings reports and analyze stock and commodity charts.

initially, as a novice trader in speculator, you can only invest in stocks and bonds, and 
aren't allowed to buy stocks on "margin" (borrowed money). but once you grow your portfolio up to 
$200,000 or more, your broker will upgrade you to a margin account; if you grow it to $300,000, 
you can do short sales; at $400,000 you will be eligible for put and call options trading; and 
at the expert level ($500,000 or above), you will be able to have a commodities trading account,
to trade commodity futures and/or stock index futures, for potentially huge profits (or losses).
all part of the simulation, of course! (it's much better to lose play money than real money, as
you learn about the markets.)

download and try a free copy of the speculator  
shareware version, 
the basic version with simulated stock and bond trading, which allows you to 
work your way up to margin trading, short-selling, options trading and futures
trading. however, the shareware version limits games to 3 "years" of game play.
(stock charts are only enabled in the registered version, which allows games of
30 "years" of game duration -- order it below.)



speculator has been tested by cnet's download.com with over 70 anti-malware programs and found clean! 
see their download page and testing link
here:



or order the full, registered version of speculator, our stock trading game, which 
lets you play games of up to 30 "years" in length, versus 3 years in the shareware 
(free) version. if you are a registered purchaser of wall street raider, email us at 
mdjenk at aol (dot com) to obtain a link for ordering speculator for only $10.95 
(which is half the price of $21.95 paid by new customers).

click here to order







about ronin software   
--   the "gonzo books" (humor)  















from the publisher:


"the information on this website and our publications 
was obtained from sources believed to be accurate and is designed 
to provide authoritative information in regard to the subject 
matter covered. it is provided as a public service with the understanding 
that the publisher and author are not engaged in rendering legal, 
accounting, or other professional services. if legal advice or 
other expert assistance is required, the services of a competent 
professional person should be sought."

 -- from a declaration of principles jointly adopted by a committee 
of the american bar association and a committee of publishers.



















privacy notice
ronin software will not sell or divulge any information about visitors to 
this site or anyone who downloads or purchases our software or ebooks. 
this site does not use cookies or otherwise track the identity of visitors.


any information you provide our on-line reseller, mycommerce/share-it, 
will only be used by them for administrative purposes, and will only  
be used by ronin software to notify you of future upgrades of the 
product you have purchased or for customer support. mycommerce/share-it
is part of digital river, inc., one of the largest resellers of 
software on the internet.
                        
please see also 
our vendor's (digital river's) privacy statement. 

you take your privacy seriously, and so do we.
site safety notice
as a small publisher, we have not taken on the expense required to
have our website and programs "certified" as safe, so you will no doubt
receive warnings from some browsers or anti-malware programs that either 
this site or our software isn't recognized as safe. we felt ssl certification 
for the website was not necessary, since we do not use cookies, do any kind 
of tracking of visitors, or seek any input from visitors. all external links 
are to our secure wallstreetraider.com 
informational site or to other secure sites, such as cnet.download.com
or our e-commerce vendor, mycommerce.com.

the shareware files you may download have all been tested for 
safety by over 70 anti-malware programs used by cnet.download.com and
the files you purchase and download from mycommerce.com have all been
rigorusly tested by that company, a subsidiary of digital river, the
largest reseller of software in the world. we have been selling our
software online since 1990 and have never shipped an infected file, but
you may nevertheless get scary warnings from some anti-malware programs
when you attempt to download or install our files that the file is
"unrecognized and dangerous." (someday they will succeed in putting
all of us small software companies out of business.)









    


    



    








software products support page: www.roninsoft.com/support.htm"

copyright © 2024 michael d. jenkins, esq. and ronin software
last modified: september 2, 2024




