

gold | lewisburg, pa | the coin collectortoggle navigation   homeservicescontactthe coin collector(570) 523-9579coin collector and estate jeweler in lewisburg, payou'll always receive the best deals when you choose usif you have old jewelry in the back of your jewelry box that you no longer wear and that doesn’t have sentimental value, why not sell it? if you’re looking for a reputable estate jeweler and coin collector in lewisburg, pa, the search is over when you choose to work with the coin collector. our knowledgeable team is capable of handling appraisals, buying, and selling any of your jewelry, coins, and precious metals.since we began nearly a decade ago, we have become the go-to expert in the region due to our appraising capabilities. countless members of the union county community have come to us for all of their coin and fine jewelry buying and selling needs. our business was even voted “best estate jeweler and coin appraiser in the valley” by the standard journal.real world coin appraisalsin addition to buying and selling the above, we provide award winning, real world appraisals on coins. we also appraise paper money and fine jewelry. each time you bring or ship items to us, you can trust that your treasures will undergo extensive evaluation to determine their worth. after evaluation, you can receive a cash offer or we can provide a written appraisal for various needs. we write real world appraisals which cost you less in insurance fees, less in estate taxes, and will give you an accurate evaluation of what you can expect to receive for your treasures. if you are in need of a licensed and professional dealer in coins, bullion, jewelry or paper money, look no further than the coin collector. reach out us today to schedule an appointment with one of our experienced and knowledgeable staff members.we buy & sell:coinsgoldsilverplatinumdiamondsgemstonespaper moneyfine jewelry & morecertifiedyou can depend on us to deliver trustworthy and honest appraisals each and every time you choose to work with us. we are authorized dealers for the ncg, the pmg, and cac. varietywe work with and appraise various collectable coins and precious stones and metals. we also buy and sell everything from high-grade u.s. coins to platinum, silver, diamonds, and fine jewelry. flexiblewe understand that not everyone can meet us at our shop during business hours. that is why are happy to schedule an appointment outside of our usual business hours to meet your needs. thinking of selling your collection?turn your unwanted items into cash!keeping up with ever changing markets of precious metals and rare coins requires special expertise. this is why we do national shows. doing these shows allows us discern what is really going on in the markets. this in turn allows us to pay top dollar for your items.as a coin collector and dealer, we are interested in all types of vintage u.s. coins. from obsolete series such as half cents, large cents, three cents & twenty cents to all the various gold coins our government and territorial makers have issued.we buy thousands of silver dollars and tens of thousands of indian head cents, (buffalo) nickels, and innumerable bulk wheat cents as well as large & small size paper money.we buy vintage foreign coins and paper money.a+ rated by the better business bureaunot only are we a+ rated and accredited by the better business bureau®, we are members of the american numismatic association. we are authorized dealers for the numismatic guaranty corporation (ngc), paper money guaranty (pmg), and certified acceptance corporation (cac). if you’re in need of an appraisal for your jewelry and collectable coins, there is only one company you should reach out to: the coin collector. call us to schedule an appointment with one of our staff members today.estate jewelry; buying or sellingbuying fine estate jewelry in pennsylvania from the public requires a special license in each county in which you wish to buy jewelry. we have this license. we are award winning estate jewelers known as the “go to” company for buying or selling. we carry all periods of jewelry, but have an emphasis on victorian through art deco, we strive to carry only high quality fine jewelry priced to sell. you work hard for every dollar you get. let us help you get more for every one of those hard earned dollars. more cash for your treasures, more treasure for your cash.the coin collector25 n 8th st.lewisburg, pa 17837(570) 523-9579privacy policy  




















