 












custom stone sculpture | statues.com































































































 




















































 






 




     

 












shop





browse all productsacademicsamericanaanimalsblack historychromahistorical figuresmasonicmusicians 


recently addedreligioussculpther collectionshop by stylesstatues.com originalsthe classicsunique pieceswriters and poets 
 

portfolio

memorialbust statuesfull figurespublic artuniquebronze sculpturesanimal sculpturesreligious sculptures
about us

custom statuesour processaccoladeswholesale
blogcontact usmy accountcustom requestsinternational 


shop

browse all products
academics
americana
animals
black history
chroma
historical figures
masonic
musicians
recently added
religious
sculpther collection
shop by styles
statues.com originals
the classics
unique pieces
writers and poets


portfolio

memorial
bust statues
full figures
public art
unique
bronze sculptures
animal sculptures
religious sculptures


about us

custom statues
our process
accolades
wholesale


blog
contact us
my account
custom requests
international
 


 

 





free shipping to everywhere in the u.s.!  love what you see but want it more customized? contact us today! (801) 366-5900  
beautifully madein the usa order your custom statue today! 
for over 25 years statues.com has brought to life in sculpture
the vision of our clients all over the world through custom
sculpting, mold building and statue casting.
							custom built statuesportfoliobeautifully madein the usa order your custom statue today! 
for over 25 years statues.com has brought to life in sculpture
the vision of our clients all over the world through custom
sculpting, mold building and statue casting.
							custom built statuesportfolio / 2  / 2 











custom stone statues
 
welcome to statues.com— a custom sculpting studio for high-quality commissioned marble, stone, and bronze statues and figurines in the usa.
we are a team of experienced artisans, sculptors, and techs serving clients across the world.

 contact us



shaping history through sculpture

 
 






 





 





 





 





 





 





 





 





 







your conception will exist for future generations to ponder, considering both the
person who thought to create it and the moment that it was memorialized.

  




our service offerings

 






retail-wholesale-occasional


servicing retail & wholesale trade with low minimums
casual multi-piece ordering
affordable classical statues for sale through online retail partners





 

 









big or small, we do it all

 






professional sculpting team


skilled in creating your custom design from initial concept to finished sculpture
experienced in sculpting to any size, style or design
100% in-house artisans offering personalized service













meet the team

 






production and manufacturing


casting in bronze, resin, white marble, fine concrete and more!
offering a proprietary premium marblecast bonded marble and true everdur bronze
big or small – we do it all





 

 









the process of casting your story

 












proudly made in the usa

 



statues.com is a certified “made in the usa” producer. our team, production studio, sculptors,
bronze casting techs are all located right here in the united states. we also source 100% of our
materials from american suppliers and businesses.

 get a custom quote



ready to create something beautiful?

 



your beautiful sculpture will exist for generations to come. through collaboration
with statues.com your vision is skillfully shaped into something that can be seen and touched forever.
custom made statues with white glove attention.

  




 






 




real sculptors creating just for you
at statues.com, we pride ourselves on any type of request our clients have. as we like to say, big or small, we do it all! when you commission a large piece, we’re also able to create gift-sized replicas that can be used for fundraising, support for the larger piece, remembrance souvenirs, take-home gift replicas, or whatever you need!
contact us today to talk about wholesale discounts on smaller replicas of your custom piece. 

  





more than just a 
sculpting studio

 






at statues.com, the enormity of being entrusted with people’s memories is understood. we take great pride in not only the creative process, but also in the lasting relationships that have come with those projects.
 
we strive to deliver not just a quality, one of a kind product, but to give each custom sculptural project our personalized attention and touch.


  




why should you hire statues.com

 






in-house team
 
if you’re looking for a 100% usa-based sculpting studio, statues.com is the team for you. our highly skilled team is ready to create a custom stone sculpture you’ll love!

 



high-quality material 
 
at statues.com, we only use quality materials for all of our custom stone statues. we use bonded stone, marble, and museum-grade bronze for all of our creations, sourced right here in the usa.

 



hand-crafted sculptures
 
be it a public monument or memorial statue, we create sculptures crafted by hand, thus giving them a natural and real feel.

  





custom statues
 
if you’re looking for a custom stone sculpture, our team will not disappoint. we can recreate pieces based on a photo and are ready to put our years of experience and knowledge to work based on your needs and budget!

 


 





low minimums
 
from an experienced crew to a fully-equipped facility, we have everything to complete small to bulk orders without any limitations or minimum requirements.

 


 





best prices
 
we can create memorials, mascots, awards, busts, full figures, public art, and stone statues at a competitive price range without compromising the quality.

 


 


 







frequently asked questions

 






        1. what type of statues do you make?    












at statues.com, we have a team of highly skilled artisans for making statues, like

memorial statues
bust statues
full-figure statues
public art sculptures
women statues
stone statues
bronze statues
school mascots sculptures
gift sized statues
award styled sculptures
garden sculptures
animal statues

 
get a free quote

 



        2. which sizes of statues are available?    












we can make stone statues and bronze statues of any size whether big or small. this includes but not limited to

life-size (from t 22″ tall to 7’ plus)
half life-size (about 15″ tall)
3/4 life-size (about 12″ tall)
larger than life size (anything over 7’ tall)
gift store size (5” to 12” tall)


 



        3. what is the minimum order you take?    












there is no minimum order. our facility is fully equipped to accommodate a single piece special order, small to bulk or regularly scheduled maintenance orders, without any limitations.
as a full-service stone and bronze statue manufacturer, we

can make any quantity of custom and gift-sized stone or bronze figurines
serve retail & wholesale businesses with low minimums
offer multi-piece manufacturing at economical prices
work with public art and tourism departments for a public art installation

 
call us at 801-366-5900 to discuss your wholesale, retail, or public art statue project.

 



        4. do you outsource?    












no. all our workmanship and statues are created and made 100% in-house by the professional team of artisans, sculptors, 3-d artists, and bronze casting techs all from the united states. also, 100% of our materials are sourced from american suppliers and businesses.

 



        5. what is the difference between sculpture and statue?    












the terms “sculpture” and “statue” are often used interchangeably, but they are different.


statue

3-d model
usually a human or animal figure
usually life-size
statues are sculpted, molded, and carved
generally not a unique art piece but rather a replica



sculpture

2-d or 3-d representation
can be a human, animal, or an abstract form
any size and subject
sculptures are carved, chiseled, and are made from hand-molding materials
unique piece of art




 



get a custom quote
today

 




trust the team with over 25 years experience
to work on your masterpiece

 



commission your custom statue 















follow us
  




my account
my profile
your purchases
returns & exchanges
 



about statues.com
portfolio
blog
international
get a quote
 read faq
email us
call 1 (801) 366-5900
 



shop statues.com
academics
americana
black history
classics
sculpther™
browse all products
 



contact us now







call now









email now





 








copyright 1995 – 2024 | statues.com
all rights reserved | privacy statement










use "up" and "down" arrows to move between optionsclick the right arrow to expand children, left arrow to collapse.










join waitlist
we will inform you when the product arrives in stock. please leave your valid email address below.






email me when available








 


















































































 






 