ï»¿






isaiah 58 broadcast & tracts -  info on speaking in tongues, the baptism of the holy ghost, pentecostal experience, the new birth & more
























































 isaiah58broadcast & tracts




home
free gospel tracts
literature
videos
music
testimonies
contact








isaiah 58 broadcastall things "holy ghost & fire!"
if you want to know more about the holy ghost baptism experience, about "speaking in tongues", or the "sound of the spirit" you're at the right place! 

the baptism of the holy ghost is the new birth experience!


 





why the isaiah 58 broadcast & tracts web site?




 




because god's peopledesperately need it! 
so few are talking about the most important experience that god has ever given to man:  the baptism of the holy ghost. 
the apostle paul said:  "...without the spirit we are none of his (god's)".  to belong to god, we must have his spirit (the holy ghost).  jesus said it another way:  "you must be born again."  receiving the spirit and being born again are the same thing.  we are put into the body of christ through spirit baptism, which is, the baptism of the holy ghost (1 cor.12:13).


receiving the holy ghost, or being put into the body of christ, or being born again - these are three terms that describe the same experience.  this is how it was for the disciples of jesus when they first received the holy ghost in acts 2. their experience came with a "sound" and the spirit spoke through them with other tongues. other places in the bible speak of "stammering lips", or "magnifying god" - but in every case, in born again people, one hears the "sound" of the spirit, true to jesus words in john, chapter 3.  download our free spirit baptism book today! 

 download our free pdf e-book
free version of "the sound of the spirit at spirit baptism" (by pastor john clark, sr.)










resources we offer to help you learn more about the holy ghost baptism, speaking in tongues, & more:







10 free gospel tracts
order a free sampler set of 10 of our gospel tracts dealing with the holy ghost baptism and other vital topics.  this sampler set is mailed to you absolutely free of charge.






spirit-baptism literature
an assortment of gospel tracts and booklets centered on the necessity of  experience of the baptism of the holy ghost, with the evidence of the sound of the spirit!






online video
watch and listen from live meetings where the gospel is preached, sang about, and received by hungry souls who believe in the holy ghost.  hearing the truth, and seeing it, builds faith. 






holy ghost music
music can often  touch the heart like nothing else can.  listen to songs by musicians who sing about the power of god, and sing clearly about the holy ghost in their  music.






holy ghost  testimonies
read and be encouraged by the testimonies of those who have been touched by the power of god.  if you hunger and thirst for the holy ghost, these testimonies are for you.






teaching archives
we have assembled one of the finest archives of pentecostal gospel tracts, books, & other literature, many items dealing  with the holy ghost baptism & speaking in tongues. 








have you had experiences like these?
we are a people who believe in the power of god, and the freedom of the holy ghost!




































check out our free holy ghost gospel materials(scroll through the offers by swiping on your mobile device, or dragging on computer.)
			






 


the "new birth" sampler cd & tracts set


a sampler containing our most popular gospel tracts dealing with the new birth, and a cd of  several of our radio program messages on the same. find out why the baptism of the holy ghost is the new birth experience.

 







 


"what is salvation?" cd & tracts set


today, many people claim to be "saved".  jesus and the apostles never taught this.  jesus said "they that endure to the end shall be saved".  a sample of tracts on salvation and a radio program cd is included in this set.

 







 


"coming out of christianity" teaching series


the spirit is speaking to god's people, saying "come out of her my people!" (rev.18).  where have god's holy ghost filled people gone, that he would have to call them out of it?  find out in this sampler set of tracts and our cd.

 







 


the sound of the spirit at spirit baptism booklet 


this wonderful booklet is probably the best written explanation of what the holy ghost baptism is, and why the "sound of the spirit" at new birth is essential, and occurs in every case. the booklet is filled with scriptural references and and photos.

 







 


"holy ghost baptism" testimonies & tracts 


this sampler set is full of written testimonies and audio clips from those who have received the baptism of the holy ghost with the initial evidence of speaking in tongues. it's sure to increase your faith!

 







 


isaiah 58's holy ghost baptism literature set 


for those who love to read, we have assembled a complete package of our booklets, gospel tracts, and other written testimonies that deal with speaking in tongues at new birth -  just for you!

 










contact isaiah 58 broadcast & tracts
 do you have questions relating to our teachings, gospel materials, or comments you'd like to send us?  use the form below:





 








help stop spam! enter code in empty box at left.   reload image   







god wants you to experience the holy ghost and fire!  contact us to learn more.















our other web sites that may interest & bless you! (click logo button to visit site.)







© 2023 isaiah 58 broadcast & tracts. all rights reserved.






























 