


65daysofstatic
















































 
  



home
releases
live
65labs
follow/contact
bandcamp




 
sign in
subscribe











subscribe 









 


 







                latest
            








mimik - streaming now
and so, it ends the only way a 65daysofstatic project can ever really end: in glitchy beats, unwieldy noise and massive kick drums.

today, as we all spiral further into a year perhaps more terrifying than all previous years combined, we are happy to announce the release-to-streaming of mimik, the


by 65labs comms team
feb 7, 2025



 





available data - streaming now
it's 2025 friends! congratulations for getting through 2024. that was something, huh.

today, easing into the new year with a couple of sensibly-tempoed bangers, we're happy to announce the release-to-streaming of available data, the third ep from our wreckage systems project.

here's what noted


by 65labs comms team
jan 3, 2025



 





tomorrowd - streaming now
hey there, friends.

it's us again, your favourite obscure instrumental band, coming to you live from the slowly sinking, rainy climes of northern england.

we're happy to announce that today sees the release-to-streaming of the second wreckage systems ep - tomorrowd.

tomorrowd, like all four of


by 65labs comms team
dec 6, 2024



 





under the summs streaming now
hi there friends. welcome to november.

another month, another lesser-heard 65daysofstatic release hits the streaming services. this time it is the under the summs ep, the first of four eps that were part of the wreckage systems project. out today.

65daysofstatic on sp***fy65daysofstatic on tim apple music

this was


by 65labs comms team
nov 1, 2024



 





silent running out now / 65labs redux
today marks the release of our 2011 album silent running to streaming platforms. only thirteen years late! listen now, listen often.

stream on tim apple musicstream on sp***fy

it's also still available on our bandcamp should you still be in the old-fashioned habit of buying music and


by 65labs comms team
oct 4, 2024



 





silent running streaming next week
allllll the way back in 2011, we were approached by glasgow film festival who asked us if we wanted to do a performance of a live soundtrack for them. we chose douglas trumbull's 1972 eco sci-fi film silent running, stripped out all the folky joan baez music and


by 65labs comms team
sep 27, 2024



 





utopian frequencies vs. disquiet
hi friends.

the two 65daysofstatic companion albums, utopian frequencies and disquiet, previously only available via our bandcamp or the 65labs patreon, are now streaming everywhere for all time. or at least until the internet switches off.

listen to utopian frequencies on spotify // apple music

listen to disquiet on spotify // apple


by 65labs comms team
sep 6, 2024



 





stream dreams
hi, friends!

it has been a while. but here we are again, your favourite weird and noisy instrumental band. we still exist, still holding on, plugging away in our little niche making strange, loud, sometimes gloomy, always hopeful hypersonics.

we come to you now from our freshly redesigned newsletter infrastructure,


by 65labs comms team
sep 2, 2024



 





65daysofstatic.com redux
hi there. it's 2024. remember when there used to be websites? remember when being on the internet was more than just visiting the same seven social media platforms that keep finding new ways to make themselves worse and you feel sad?

well, we do. so welcome to the


by 65labs comms team
aug 29, 2024



 





live from pattern club
another drop from polinski!

this time a live set recorded at pattern club, sheffield, amongst a night of computer-wrangling, glitch-harnessing and beat-shuffling.

there's more information over at the komoy noise research project (paul's/polinski's ongoing newsletter/centre for sonic weirdness). or take a listen


by 65labs comms team
jun 24, 2024



 





meet me by the panamax barricades
new release from paul from 65days' solo project polinski.

says paul:

❤️‍🔥meet me by the panamax barricades is a comrade/sibling/life-companion to last year's telex from midi city. it offers another glimpse into that mysterious, utopian place through the medium of kick drums, synthesiser melodrama, and


by 65labs comms team
apr 5, 2024



 





haus horo & nvll - live show
haus horo, the band featuring rob from 65daysofstatic and also frank from 65days-when-we-play-live-and-convince-him-to-come-along, are playing a hometown sheffield show in a graveyard. tremendous stuff. saturday 11th may. and support is coming from the mighty nvll, aka simon from 65daysofstatic. which is really going to tie the tomb together, don'


by 65labs comms team
feb 23, 2024






see all 












sign up
sp***fy
apple music



                powered by ghost




                        65daysofstatic
                    





subscribe 









 


 

 







