
catholic media coalition home






















            "will you watch one hour a 
            week with our lord jesus? for hours of exposition/adoration in your 
            state visit www.therealpresence.org ." 
            
  








 about 
                      us


 
locate 
                      cmc members


 contact 
                      us




 
 
                        church documents



 
search 
                      by topic


 
contact 
                        your bishop




 
helpful 
                      links


 

                      dissenters


 
press 
                      releases



 
traditional homilies




 
alinskyian organizing flyer




 
join the cchd boycott 



click here for a wolf in sheep's clothing

 
join the cchd boycott 





open ltter to bishop william patrick callahan concerning fr. altman








to awaken conscience 
by catherine and michael pakaluk, stacy and jose luis trasancos, and bishop joseph strickland


  
the sins against the blessed sacrament and the need of a crusade of eucharistic reparation 
by bishop athanasius schneider  
  prayer of the crusade of reparation to the eucharistic heart of jesus 






cchd section


bring back reception of holy communion on knees and on the tongue



los pequenos de cristo 


feed my sheep 



by alice grayson 






saints 
                for the month
annunciation
                      - 
                    march 25
a tradition, which has come down from the apostolic ages, tells us that the great mystery of the incarnation was achieved on the twenty-fifth day of march. it was at the hour of midnight, when the most holy virgin was alone and absorbed in prayer, that the archangel gabriel appeared before her, and asked her, in the name of the blessed trinity, to consent to become the mother of god. let us assist, in spirit, at this wonderful interview between the angel and the virgin: and, at the same time, let us think of that other interview which took place between eve and the serpent. a holy bishop and martyr of the second century, saint irenaeus, who had received the tradition from the very disciples of the apostles, shows us that nazareth is the counterpart of eden. . . . . . more
 
st. anselm
                      - 
                    april 21
st. anselm (1033-1109) was born in aosta, italy, and died in canterbuy, england. st. anselm's services to the church are principally the following: first, as archbishop of canterbury he defended the rights and liberties of the church against the encroachments of the english kings, who plundered the church's lands, impeded the archbishop's communications with the holy see, and claimed the right to invest prelates with ring and crosier, symbols of the church's spiritual jurisdiction. second, as a philosopher and theologian he developed a method of reasoning which prepared the way for the great thinkers of the middle ages. . . . . . more 





visit cmc members 
                on the web: 
restore-dc-catholicism
 vocal :    voice of catholics advocating life
bible christian society
 california right to life advocates
 catholic american thinker
 catholic citizens of illinois
catholic parents online
 threshing grain
 oakland diocese watch
 defend life

 fidelity til parousia
 graham associates
 les femmes, the women of truth 
 los pequenos de cristo 
 catholic truth scotland
 the defender
life tree 
restore american liberty.com 
political brambles


life issues groups

life guardian  foundation 
belbury review
true life – true  death 

children of god  for life (ethical vaccines) 
american life  league 
human life international
nancy valko blog, a nurse’s perspective on life


catholic watchdog groups


the lepanto institute
cardinal newman society
live  action 







 



catholics come home 
 








catholic media coalition



 




 webmaster@catholicmediacoalition.org

editor@catholicmediacoalition.org


disclaimer

all data and information provided on this site is for informational purposes only. it is published with the hope it will bolster the faith and aid catholics to participate in the new evangelization. catholic media coalition intends to publish only material that accords with the doctrine of the catholic church and the teaching of the magisterium. information and opinions expressed in articles are the authors’ own. may god use this website for his greater honor and glory.

copyright 
                © 2003-2015, catholic media coalition







