







































        red beet records
    














































store


about


contact


























east nashville-based independent record label
home to the music of eric brace (last train home; trio with peter cooper and thomm jutz, and more), peter cooper, jerry lawson, fayssoux starling mclean, the grammy-nominated i love: tom t. hall's songs of fox hollow.












subscribe for updates







join the newsletter 















featured products

all products





















simple motion

eric brace & thomm jutz
14 songs which are full of life and love and beauty and sadness, conveying the joy of being alive while not ignoring the deep blue of loss that these past few years have marked us all with.



                  buy now
                
















everything will be

eric brace & last train home
working within the circumscribed world of the pandemic, last train home has somehow created its most adventurous album yet, 25 years into its existence. on everything will be, sambas and new orleans brass bands, bakersfield picking and reverse guitar tapeloops, bodhrã¡ns and baritone saxes are all brought into the mix to deliver seven songs from eric brace and four perfectly chosen covers.



                  buy now
                
















cartes postales

eric brace
"inspired by french musical tradition... cartes postales is a fanciful musical tribute, punctuated by whimsical reflection and a giddy cinematic essence." - no depression



                  buy now
                




























founded in east nashville in 2006


red beet records is home to folk music, roots-rock, americana, bluegrass, country, singer-songwriter, and even french chansons. 
its first release was the two-disc compilation the other side: music from east nashville, featuring songs by such neighborhood artists as todd snider, kevin gordon, elizabeth cook, and label founder eric brace with his band last train home. brace had moved to nashville the year before and found himself in the midst of an astonishing music scene, one that he and his wife mary ann werner were eager to document.






















since then, red beet has released 28 recordings.


it has captured brace's musical evolution, including his acclaimed roots-rock band last train home; several duo albums with singer-songwriter peter cooper; trio albums with cooper and grammy-nominated bluegrass artist thomm jutz; his one-off bluegrass band the skylighters (with legends mike auldridge and jimmy gaudreau); his musical with co-writer karl straub about the california gold rush hangtown dancehall; as well as an album of french songs in tribute to his father, cartes postales, with blind multi-instrumental genius rory hoffman.
























brace and cooper were 2012 grammy nominees for i love: tom t. hall's songs of fox hollow, a modern re-creation of hall's 1974 album for kids describing life on his tennessee farm. with guest artists like buddy miller, bobby bare, patty griffin, duane eddy, and many more luminaries, it's a profoundly joyous record for kids of all ages.
other highlights of the red beet catalog include just a mortal man, the only solo release by the lead singer of acapella soul group the persuasions, jerry lawson; the only two solo recordings by fayssoux starling mclean, the longtime harmony singer of emmylou harris; four solo releases by extraordinary (and extraordinarily prolific) singer-songwriter peter cooper; and three compilations of east nashville artists.























tom t. hall, peter cooper, and eric brace in-the-round at the bluebird cafe | march 30, 2011













videos




























last train home performs at the birchmere, alexandria va | dec. 29, 2018














@lasttrainhomeband
follow on instagram






















follow us


















































the mccrary sisters with eric brace and jerry lawson, tracking vocals for just a mortal man at joe pisapia's middletree studios, east nashville | march 18, 2014














contact


















send
 

 












top











































red beet records


po box 68417
nashville, tn 37206
united states

email:mail@redbeetrecords.com








 





made with fileswift


































