





society for pentecostal studies
















home
2025 meeting
members
pneuma
about sps
history
store






welcome to the sps website
home of an international community of scholarsworking within the pentecostal and charismatic traditions

announcement: first vice president, marcia clarke, receives grant








meetings





the meeting location changes every year, planned ahead for 3 to 4 years. in october each year you may begin to register for the meetings and make plans to attend. click the button below to learn more about the upcoming meeting.


read more






join sps





renewed each year, membership with the sps is available to anyone interested in pentecostal studies. there are five types of membership available for the broad range of interested scholars. click the button below to learn more about membership.


read more






about sps





the society for pentecostal studies began in 1970 and is an organization of scholars dedicated to providing a forum of discussion for all academic disciplines as a spiritual service to the kingdom of god. click the button below to learn more about the society.


read more







pneuma, the journal of the society for pentecostal studies
current release: 46.2





editors-in-chief: nimi wariboko and l. william oliverio jr.
pneuma is the journal of the society for pentecostal studies (sps). since its founding in 1970, the sps has become an international society of scholars interested in pentecostal and charismatic studies. in 1979, pneuma first appeared as the journal of the sps. the journal became a major medium for the international discussion of scholarly issues related to pentecostal and charismatic studies. pneuma publishes peer-reviewed articles on matters related to the special interest groups of the sps, namely, biblical studies, history, theology, missions, praxis, ecumenism, ethics, philosophy, and religion and culture. the journal cherishes an ecumenical and an international vision as well. (edited from the brill pneuma page.)

read more









sps leadership

bylaws

2025 conference program

2025 conference theme


register for the 2025 meeting

join sps or renew membership

conferences

2025 conference host: northwest university

past meetings

contact the society














contact
email the society:
adrian hinkle, executive directorcontact
mailing address:
society for pentecostal studies7777 s. lewis ave.tulsa, ok 74171
phone: (918) 495-6868


leadership
executive committee
interest group leaders
committees
caucuses & affiliations


website copyright © 2016- douglas f. olena and the society for pentecostal studies











