













	mare > home page






















skip to main content



mare | michigan adoption resource exchange


main menu

show
            main menu
        



login
|
                    
                        register


'like' mare on facebook
follow mare on instagram
watch adoption resource videos on the mare youtube channel







for families


view waiting children


in depth profiles


new to adoption


post-adoption information


family registry


adoption navigators


match support program


general adoption information inquiry


what is a mare meet & greet?


waiting family forums




for professionals


worker forms


what is a mare meet & greet?




for youth


for youth in care


types of workers


permanency planning options


adoption leaders of today


newsletters


resources & documents


share your creativity


photo gallery


resources for adopted young adults




resources


newsletters & publications


lifebook


mare summer road trip


michigan heart gallery


about mare


what is a mare meet & greet?


events calendar


celebrating adoption month


outside michigan links and resources


satisfaction survey of mare services


mare agency survey


foster care & adoption resources


agency map


waiting family forums




contact us










×
your session has been idle for 9 minutes. (if you remain idle you will automatically be logged out in 60 seconds.")





×
you have automatically been logged off due to inactivity.





notice: authorized user only
terms and conditions
warning: the michigan adoption resource exchange (mare) website is property of the state of michigan (som), 
			it contains government and confidential information that is restricted to authorized users only. by accessing the information 
			and data on this website, authorized users agree to comply and safeguard the information and data, including, but not limited 
			to all personal identifiable information in compliance with confidentiality and privacy requirements established by program 
			policy, state, and federal law. furthermore, authorized users agree that storing any sensitive information from mare’s website 
			on any portable device is strictly prohibited and understand that unauthorized or improper use and/or release may be subject to 
			criminal and civil penalties, including disciplinary and licensing action. this website is subject to routine monitoring. by 
			clicking the ok button, you certify that you agree to comply with these terms and conditions.


ok




michigan adoption resource exchange












adoption navigator program
adoption navigators are experienced adoptive parents who offer guidance and personal knowledge to potential adoptive families. 


								learn more
							






meet d’amarr
“d'amarr is usually smiling and in a good mood. he enjoys the simple things in life, just playing and engaging with others. d'amarr is a young man with so much untapped potential. he is a diamond in the rough that needs a loving family to help him shine him up and help him reach his full potential.” this active, fun, and well-mannered young man is looking for a family that will love him forever. could that be you?


								read more
							






meet jorden
there’s a new rapper on the scene named “54 baby” and the world needs to get ready! but his alter ego, jorden, is ready for a smaller stage – a home with a forever family. check out jorden’s new in-depth profile now!


								learn more
							










there are 305 children looking for a home





we're with you no matter where you are in  the adoption process
more than 3,000 children in michigan are waiting for permanent, loving homes to call their own each year. are you ready to learn more? click here for a list of michigan adoption agencies you can contact.
get started













new to adoption
 learn about adoption through foster care.
 learn more 


meet the children
 explore our database of children waiting to find permanent, loving homes. 
 learn more  




workers
 complete required forms, view waiting families & contact mare staff. 
 learn more  


family resources
 find post-adoption information and other resources. 
 learn more  





 




 
these unique profile pages allow youth to decide what they want to share and then get to work creating an in-depth profile. they are in the driver’s seat from start to finish, so their profiles best represent who they are. youth create and share through their in-depth profiles with the hope that families like you are inspired to step forward and adopt. youth in foster care deserve the opportunity to speak directly to potential adoptive families. in-depth profiles exist so their voices are heard. click here to view their in-depth profiles.




events









feb
27


virtual waiting family forum

			6:00 pm - 8:00 pm
		





feb
22


register for a meet & greet in ann arbor!

			11:00 am - 2:00 pm
		





jan
8


register your youth now to be featured on the 2025 heart gallery display!

			12:00 am - 12:00 am
		






theme picker















featured video















for families




view waiting children
new to adoption
post-adoption information
adoption navigators





for professionals




view waiting children
adoption worker dashboard
family registry





about mare




learn about mare
newsletters & publications
events calendar
what is a meet & greet?
contact mare






dhsjudson


						the michigan adoption resource exchange is a program of judson center and is funded by the michigan department of health and human services.				

terms of use and privacy policy


					copyright © 2025 michigan adoption resource exchange
				













