












srp federal credit union | dedicated to our members since 1960
























































 










skip to content




don't show this again

digital banking will be intermittently unavailablesrp online, srp mobile, and itms will be unavailable on sunday, february 23rd from 2:00am until 6:00am due to scheduled maintenance. we apologize for any inconvenience.

holiday closing: all branches and drive-thrus will be closed monday, february 17, 2025, in observance of president's day.
 


 search
careers
become a member
locations
member news

member news
srp blog
wire transfers
fraud protection
calculators

automotive
save for retirement
reach savings goal
payoff credit cards


rates
fee schedule


privacy notice
schedule an appt
about us

calendar of events
employment opportunities
srp is community

srp spotted
random acts of kindness


community links


contact us

sponsorship request


login
 




 

bank

accounts

savings account
checking account
teen advantage plus
youth account


additional services
atms / virtual tellers
deposit

direct deposit


fee schedule
visa debit cards

affinity debit cards
debit card designs




borrow

auto loans
recreation loans

motorcycle and off-road vehicles


personal loans
student loans
credit cards

visa signature card
visa rewards card
visa traditional card
visa traditional secured card
greenjackets credit cards
visa business card


mortgages

home equity
home calculators
mortgage inquiries
mortgage loan portal
mortgage originators


other loans


invest

srp retirement and investment


business

business checking
business savings
business lending
business boost savings
community boost savings
eligibility requirements
member resources
visa business card


online services

digital wallet
e-statements
online bill pay
reorder checks
security guidance
srp mobile
srp online

srp online password reset




financial wellness

balance®
elements of money®
m3 kids®
money management seminars
srp financial counselors
srp financial education program
trust & will
fraud protection


 












 
hero banneroptional text layermicro copy goes here. keep it short, descriptive, and make it count!



online banking services
username  password submit
username  password  submit

forgot password
enroll now




 



 




i want to...


select an option
check rates
become a member
contact srp
find a location
get an auto loan
get a personal loan
get a credit card
get a mortgage
schedule an appointment
request a sponsorship
learn about fraud prevention
see calendar of events
join the srp team
learn about the srp financial education program









join srp today!
experience the difference of doing your banking with a local credit union. srp is your local credit union for our local community.join nowfinancial wellnessbalance® is a program that offers financial education and counseling to help you achieve financial independence.learn about balance®adventures await our young members, ages 7 to 12, with a website just for them at the m3 money club®.learn about m3 kids®if you’re a teen member, the elements of money® website will help answer your financial questions.learn about elements of money®our members have the opportunity to take advantage of our no-cost financial counseling services.learn about srp financial counselorsfraud prevention - ditch the pitch
check out the south carolina department of consumer affairs guide to guarding against scams!learn more about fraud preventionwelcome to srp's affinity programsrp is committed to our community and believes in making a difference. our high school affinity debit card program was designed to help provide funding to our local high schools.learn more & see available schoolsgood things are happening at srp
srp has business banking that helps both businesses and nonprofits throughout the csra. click the button below to hear from one of srp's business members and why their business chose srp for their banking needs.learn moreengaged in the community
one reason "good things are happening at srp" is because we have applied the “people helping people” philosophy of credit unions. we believe in being part of our community and making it better. it’s just the way we do business.learn moresrp's laurens street branch delivers our donation of needed items to the free community medical clinic of aiken county.never miss an srp event!calendar of events


 
slide0years in business0csra locations0+atms / virtual tellers0kmembersby the numberssince our founding in 1960, srp federal credit union has been dedicated to our members. today, we serve as the financial institution for over 195,000 members; we continue to provide sound savings programs, checking accounts, competitive loan options, and a variety of other convenient services tailored to fit our members’ needs.
learn more 


 









                        1070 edgefield road north augusta
                        south carolina 29860
                    

803-278-4851

routing# 253278090
nmls# 612441
                
if you are using a screen reader and are having problems viewing this website, please call 803-278-4851 for assistance.







bank

accounts
atms / virtual tellers
deposit
visa debit cards


business

business checking
business savings
business lending
eligibility requirements
member resources
visa business card


 

online services

digital wallet
e-statements
reorder checks
srp mobile
srp online

online bill pay
srp online password reset


security guidance


 

your credit union

ncua website


privacy notice
 













copyright © 2025 srp federal credit union. all rights reserved. juiced by m3agency


search site
site map
 



looking for something?


search for:



 




you are now leaving srp federal credit union’s website.
you are linking to an alternate website that is not operated by the credit union. the credit union is not responsible for content on the alternate site. the privacy and security policies of the alternate site may differ from those practiced by the credit union.
 

continue



			x			









search for:



 





































