






pastor smokie norful! | award winning singer

























































home
the man
the music
the ministry
victory churches
book now
























home
the man
the music
the ministry
victory churches
book now












 











pastor smokie norful

the man. the music. the ministry.

book now







the man

pastor smokie norful is a world-renowned pastor, award-winning recording artist, educator, author, husband, father and visionary who has a strong passion for winning souls and transforming the lives of others. he has reached the heights of success in both ministry and music, with spanning over two decades of preaching, more than 18 years of pastoring, and a celebrated music career spanning over two decades.

as an internationally recognized musician, composer, producer, and singer, norful’s 2002 solo debut release, “i need you now,” catapulted him to worldwide acclaim. since that time, he has found commercial success with five number 1 billboard albums and over 4 million albums sold worldwide. he has earned 2 grammy awards, 11 stellar awards, 5 dove awards, 1 soul train music award, 2 naacp image award nominations, and 3 bet award nominations.
 
read more
in addition to his countless awards and honors, he is also an accomplished author with his first book, “take the lid off,” an extraordinarily empowering compilation of his personal life stories and antidotes, as well as biblical and practical insights to help every individual maximize their potential.
pastor norful is an educator at heart, having received his bachelor’s degree in history from the university of arkansas at pine bluff. in his ongoing pursuit of growth and development in leadership he also pursued a master of divinity from garrett-evangelical theological seminary, and in may of 2018 received a master’s degree in organizational leadership from trinity international university. his next pursuit is to receive a ph.d. in organizational leadership.
on september 20, 2005, pastor smokie norful and his wife, first lady carla norful, officially launched victory cathedral worship center in bolingbrook, il where he serves as senior pastor. over the past 18 years, pastor norful and the victory cathedral church family have experienced extraordinary and unprecedented growth in the far western suburbs of chicago. victory cathedral has connected with over 2 million worshipers, led 15,000 souls to christ, and physically and spiritually assisted countless thousands of families over the course of 18 years.
victory is now a multi-campus ministry, reaching thousands who attend weekly in person or connect virtually through the online global campus. the south chicago campus was launched in 2007 and is known as victory city chicago. inspiration church in houston was launched in 2017 under the leadership of pastor carlos jones, victory city birmingham was launched in 2019 under the leadership of pastor brandon knight, and in the spring of 2022, victory city atlanta was launched.
with more campuses launching in the near future, the ministry continues to expand, focusing on impacting the community and encouraging its members to “live to be missed, not just remembered.” victory accomplishes this by adopting a heart of volunteerism, charity, philanthropy, and a priority toward evangelism and social engagement. these initiatives are an extension and reflection of the heart of pastor norful.
pastor norful is married to his beautiful wife of 25 years, carla norful, and they have three amazingly gifted and accomplished adult children, ashley (graduate of northern il university, a corporate fortune 500 logistics director; tre’ (magna cum laude graduate of morehouse college, finance & spanish; current graduate student in pursuit of an mba and jd in southern california); ashton (4.3 gpa high school graduate and current college sophomore studying business finance in southern california).

 















award
winning
artist







available
now

download











awards
and honors 




















































jculture clothing, inc.

jculture clothing, inc. is a faith-based apparel brand dedicated to weaving the threads of hope, healing, and empowerment into the fabric of everyday life. with an unapologetically christian foundation, our mission is to inspire individuals to live boldly and uniquely, guided by the principles of faith.

know more







featured interviews





















interview at stellar awards

date: 2023
venue: praise1025













voices: smokie norful mentors rising gospel star isaiah templeton

date: 2018
venue: radio one dc













red carpet interview

date: 2015
venue: grammy awards













youtube: official smokie norful

date: 2013
venue: youtube: official smokie norful













youtube: official smokie norful

date: 2013
venue: youtube: official smokie norful 2





















the music



music playlist







discography















albums













compilations













singles







latest projects







i still have you

be encouraged in whatever you’re going through, even in your weakness, god still has you and you still have him. available now on all music platforms.

watch here





in my name

a classic remake to remind you that there is nothing too hard for god and everything is possible in his name! available now on all music platforms.





new smokie norful album

coming soon!





view all releases 








the ministry



view now







victory

a place where people are free to worship god, empowered through the word of god, and equipped with the resources to strengthen their walk with god.
we’re not a church of religion; we’re a church of relationship. first and foremost, we honor our relationship with god, which leads to healthier relationships at home, work, school, church, and everyday life.



bolingbrook campus
369 n. weber road, bolingbrook
service times: saturdays at 12pm ct (in-person), sundays at 10am ct (in-person + online)



victory city atl campus
1155 mt. vernon hwy ne atlanta, ga, 30338
sundays at 10:30am et (in-person)







want to live forever?

watch this







take the lid off

pastor and grammy-winning musician smokie norful inspires readers to go to god and experience more fulfillment, delight, power, and success than they ever dreamed.
 
read more
according to smokie norful, sometimes our lives feel like a pot of rice in his grandmother’s kitchen: hissing, boiling over, about to explode and create panic. the only way to avoid an explosion is to take the lid off—that is, to stop being trapped inside ourselves and instead look to god and his grace to make us all he intends us to be. taking the lid off, norful argues, entails four actions: look inward, experiencing the cleansing of forgiveness and the power of the holy spirit; look outward, seeking for others to experience the joy of living for god and have the best god has to offer; look upward and marvel at god’s love and strength to accomplish his purposes; and move onward, devising a strategy to accomplish all god has put in our hearts to do.
when we take these four steps, the pressure goes down, we gain peace and perception, and things work out much better in the end. when we finally take the lid off, we can become the people god has created us to be and do what we were intended to do. we get in touch with the unlimited power of his spirit, we’re directed by the challenge of his purposes, and we experience the joy of seeing him use us to change lives. all of us need help in taking the lid off in order to trust god, take action, and reach our full potential.

purchase now 












stay connected

stay connected

be a part of transforming lives. join the culture.

be a part of transforming lives. join the culture.



text jesusculture to 844-334-1191



text jesusculture to 844-334-1191



text jesusculture to 844-334-1191


















pastor smokie norful is a world-renowned pastor, award-winning recording artist, educator, author, and visionary who has a strong passion for winning souls and transforming the lives of others.



contact

1112 boughton rd, suite 256; bolingbrook, il 60409

phone: (630) 378-9172

info@smokienorful.com



meet me here






subscribe
* indicates required
email address *first name *last name *





        /* real people should not fill this in and expect good things - do not remove this or risk form bot signups */






















2024 © all rights reserved.



powered by legacy



followfollowfollow



 








 





 

























