














 
 

 



















						 







						 

						 

						 

						 




						 

						 

						 








































																lr baggs

































						 










					 

					 






 
 
 

featuring


bnois king

 











                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
		



		available now - very rare - the axe man on vinyl (lp)

		only 100 in print !!

		$50.00 (us only - includes shipping)

order now !!














				 













 





									smokin' joe kubek and bnois king re-sign 
									with blind pig records






									smokin' joe kubek and bnois king, 
									one of the most talented guitar tandems in 
									any genre, have signed a recording agreement 
									with blind pig records.  the pact marks a 
									reunion between the veteran music duo and 
									the label, which issued the group's cd 
									entitled 

									roadhouse research in 2003 and 
									released 

									show me the money the following 
									year.   in 2006, blind pig released a live 
									full length concert dvd and a cd titled 

									my heart's in texas that was 
									recorded in fort worth on new year's eve.











 


									kubek and king, who have been playing 
									together for twenty-five years, have 
									developed into a dynamic musical tour de 
									force, with joe's flame-throwing guitar work 
									complemented by bnois' cool, jazz-inflected 
									playing and soulful vocals. their incendiary 
									live shows feature two top flight guitarists 
									intuitively locked in with each other and 
									backed by a firepower rhythm section, making 
									for a powerful and irresistible combination.


									current plans call for recording to begin 
									this fall, with the first album under the 
									multi-record deal to be released in early 
									2015.


									said kubek, "we are very excited to be back 
									with blind pig.  some of the best stuff we 
									perform on stage, the favorites that our 
									treasured fans from all over come to hear, 
									is material we recorded for blind pig.  it's 
									a label that always delivers the very best 
									quality music to fans and radio, and we're 
									all about giving our fans and blues radio 
									our very best artistry.  bnois and i are 
									looking forward to our next release coming 
									out on the blind pig label.  see ya soon..."



									publicity: debra regur 
									

									pigpress@blindpigrecords.com  
									415-550-6484


									radio: phoebe svoboda 
									

									radio@blindpigrecords.com  
									773-772-0043

 





									for more information visit
									

									www.blindpigrecords.com.






 


 
 

©2014 smokin joe kubek. all rights reserved
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




