















bird to the north














skip to main  |
      skip to sidebar





bird to the north



mostly sensible thoughts on public space










1.07.2014



updates updates




a piece by gregory euclide
a friend sent over an old interview of me with the note, "nearly ten years ago!"
in immediate response, i.e. what the hell have i been doing for the last 10 years?, i wasn't entirely positive. my stomach turned. am i where i thought i would be by now? as i thought more about it, not measuring by signposts of achievement and accolades, but by the people and characters i've met, the experiences we shared, the relationships with them, and the many beautiful, serendipitous, and funny stories that punctuated the last (nearly) 10 years, i started to feel better. maybe even a little proud. it's been rich. there, i said it.
in that vein, i thought it would be good to update about what's going on in this space specifically. no longer working in research and writing for a think tank, i've since joined a reinvented non-profit that will support innovations in cities and transportation. it's a good convergence of past experiences, applied differently. this space is always reserved for extended thoughts on such things, and now that the crux of my job isn't writing, i hope to write more here and elsewhere.
a note about how my thinking about public space has evolved and what will likely be here: this started out as a place to critique and assess public spaces, to hone an understanding of what works. perhaps first through design and by how much public spaces prioritize people. as my understanding developed (still a work in progress), process and engagement were folded in. what does it mean to be public anyway? this became especially integral when looking at how spaces were developed (or not). process rose in importance. 
funding resources, the mechanics for distributing funds, and the rules that governed the what could be done and what couldn't be were also added. yup, i got into policy. for transportation. with cities as the backdrop and meeting people's aspirations as the goal.
(a funny side story: when i was contemplating joining transportation alternatives staff several years ago, i asked myself why they would want to hire me. i was not an advocate (which council member?), nor a grassroots campaigner (shy), nor a transportation expert (what?). i spent a weekend mulling it over, and by chance read through some posts archived here... and realized that when i wrote about the public spaces in the city i loved - new york - i typically wrote about its streets. how people used them in such innovative ways, the sidewalks, how biking made so much sense (never mind that i didn't ride a bike back then), and the too many cars. public space was the lens, but the street was the expression. satisfied, i joined t.a. - one of the best decisions i ever made.)
of course, words are only as good as acts, so i love paying attention to the organizations, the people who led them, the make-up of their staff, and their culture and character. i found that i also applied this thinking to the internal development of organizations i was lucky enough to work for. i like to try to create conditions where people can be happy and succeed beyond their imaginations. i know, lofty! ha. but i guess i've been lucky to see it happen enough times that i know, without a doubt, that this kind of experience can be truly transformative, which sends more effective changemakers out into the world.
all of this led to an informal theory about how does change actually happens? top down and bottom up, it's a dynamic mix of people, policy and rules, process (and politics), and practice. so i guess there will be a smattering of all these things here - such as changing practice and applying research to design - as they relate to our collective work.
if you're curious, the last update.





posted by
shin-pei


at
11:28 am


0
comments






 




 











1.06.2014



why art?




 this one's been bouncing around for like ever, but it's still good. by super rural. 
i started a tumblr a couple years ago, as way to collect art, ideas, and images i loved looking at over and over again in a little bit more curated and journalistic fashion than the way pinterest allows (though i've got one of those too.) given what i was doing at the time, i.e. so-called hard-hitting policy analysis on climate change, urbanization, and transportation, i felt a little guilty about it, but also knew that i needed some space to dream and think about other things.  

last september, i was invited to speak at a european commission conference on innovations in sustainable urban mobility. well, my talk was on something that sounded far less innovative - national policies on sustainable urban transportation. i have a true aversion to dry, text-only presentations on abstract concepts - these happen much too often in policy discussions and they're a real snooze.
but i was at a loss - i had some photos ready to go, but what could i use as images for abstract concepts? i'm not a graphic designer, so i couldn't create what i wanted, nor were there any obvious photographs that could be taken to illustrate what i needed to communicate. i started to dig around and thought of my silly tumblr which had so many images i loved for some unknown reason.
the reason, as it turned out, was connected to whatever it was i was ruminating about in my conscious mind and daily work. and the presentation basically made itself because i had been storing away all these ideas, only they were expressed in such a different way on this other forum. if you're curious, you can see the presentation here. the european commission was so pleased that it wasn't another text-only presentation - and me too. thank you to all the artists for being in the world and helping us see and experience what we can't articulate ourselves. (i know you probably didn't see your art applied in these ways - i hope you're ok with it!)





posted by
shin-pei


at
12:08 pm


0
comments






 




 











3.14.2013



updates



someone at a place i very much admire brought up bird to the north today. humbled obviously, but hugely embarrassed too since it is such so skeletal around here these days. we traded a couple of stories about blogging and how much things have changed. which reminded me too of how much things have changed in our cities as well, especially as i went back over some old posts. 

a real example is the transformation that is willoughby plaza. here it is in january 2007, when it was first temporarily pedestrianized:




and here is the *permanent* place in six years later in 2013! even in the dark, it looks dignified. happiness.








posted by
shin-pei


at
4:29 pm


0
comments






 




 











1.30.2013



so proud of atlantic avenue bid & planningcorps




can't help it, i'm proud of planningcorps helping atlantic avenue bid with its nyc small business services bid challenge grant submission. aabid won the full award amount, $75,000! read more about it here. 

since the bid only launched in april 2012, and had a staff of one, the executive director, i felt like this project really made the point that small community-based organizations benefit from the collective capacity of volunteer planners. the snap above is from the awards ceremony that i was thrilled to attend back in november 2012, where josef szende accepted the award from deputy mayor robert steele and nyc sbs commissioner rob walsh. kudos! 





posted by
shin-pei


at
3:20 pm


0
comments






 




 











12.07.2012



the future of the american city





it's always strange to see oneself on a bigger screen



for part of spontaneous interventions, the u.s. pavilion's exhibition at this year's venice biennale for architecture, i was asked to participate in the exhibition film. the exercise involved writing a short essay answering the question, "what do you think will be the future city of america," and i was asked to address specifically infrastructure, planning, etc. the conceit was that individuals in the film would read their essay as though addressing fellow americans... but i think everyone decided that this might be a little boring to watch.

since we never had to read our statements, i thought it would be fun to share the essay here. it's not based on research, it's just an outline of thoughts i've been having over the last few years working on small-scale interventions with community groups via planningcorps and tackling large-scale - national, state, or city-wide - policy with my day jobs. when i was working on it, i thought, it's not futuristic-sounding enough! but i love humanity and its foibles too much (the future may not be so futuristic anyway.) here it is:






future of the american city

i am disarmed by a city’s wonderfully messy diversity. i
love how cities permit people of different stripes to share space and still
lead their own lives. watching the ordered chaos unfold every day on the streets
and public spaces of my city, it seems that cities allow us to express some of
our best qualities. it also seems that we need to be at our best given the
environmental and economic challenges of the 21st century. how can cities
sustain this priceless social dynamic? 

cities that withstand the ages are the ones that evolve by protecting
existing infrastructure while absorbing ongoing shifts in population, economy,
and the environment. as cities grow and age, infrastructure inevitably becomes
more brittle. infrastructure could encompass everything from the physical such
as roads, parks, water systems and energy systems to the political like the
rule of law and the social found in culture and community. 

the government and the governed should collaborate on the
stewardship of the city to counter brittleness. both sides should embrace
change and diversity of thought, and indulge in experiments and interventions.
we will need to accept an accelerated rate of change given our global
constraints. 

moving forward, collaborative governance will enable change and
quickly. emerging tools like open-source mapping and approaches like
participatory budgeting deepen civic engagement. a stable of new tools are
being developed and it will be up to us to apply them. 

in american cities of the future, imagine the many ways the
public and its government can work together to solve problems. government still
provides leadership to uphold the law, but it also facilitates public
participation and develops societal priorities with the public through open
data. the public shares the responsibility for participating and holds some
accountability for decisions. instead of wondering about a policy’s impact,
there are direct links between government and citizens for input and dialogue.
citizens suggest policies or solutions more readily, test and assess them in
real-time in the city, and move them up the decision-making ladder. cities in
the united states especially benefit from the american entrepreneurial
instinct. 

the results are that change becomes easier to accept,
infrastructure gains flexibility, and cities withstand the challenges of our
time. might environmental concerns be wholly integrated with economic decisions
– finally – because fuller public participation imparts a stronger appreciation
for the global commons? ultimately, empowering more people to have a hand in
crafting their cities would not only ensure that cities withstand the
challenges of the century, it would also ensure that the messy diversity of the
social life of our cities endures. 







posted by
shin-pei


at
5:47 pm


1 comments






 




 











11.02.2012



honesty





i'm fine. i was supposed to fly to mexico city on monday morning for a strategy session with multiple organizations to advise the incoming presidential administration in mexico and the new mayoral administration of the distrito federal mexico on urban transport policy. my hosts sent over instructions that they would arrive by bicycle at my hotel early tuesday morning and that i was to make sure not to eat breakfast. a lovely surprise awaited me.

instead my flight was canceled on sunday afternoon, and after a long lunch with a friend in a half-empty though typically popular restaurant that day (where was everyone? like birds before a storm) i biked over to dumbo to pick up my laptop, not knowing what to do next. i had cleared out my fridge in anticipation of being away for the week, but hearing about the long lines made me avoid the stores. it wasn't the waiting, it was the nervousness i wanted to ignore. i spent the night (or would it be two?) with close friends and their kids. we listened to the news, played games with the kids, cooked, and i learned a few guitar chords. we only bothered pulling out the flashlights when the storm hit full force on monday night.

it was a couple of noisy, stormy nights, but our neighborhood is fine, outside of a few downed trees and store awnings. though it's on the waterfront, it's on a bluff that overlooks the east river and the electricity stayed on. there were glorious trick-or-treaters on wednesday, and the annual halloween spectacular on garden place still got a good run.

colleagues have urged me to seize the moment in the aftermath of sandy. with the storm, climate change and cities became mainstream. this is your moment! what do you think, they keep asking me. cities and climate change have become front and center. this is it!

i don't know what to think, and you know what, i don't want to revel in this moment.

news about the impact of the storm has given me great pause, each day a little dip deeper into harsh reality. though the majority of us are fine, walking around lower manhattan without power is apocalyptic. no traffic lights, no street lights, and small businesses operating on slim margins are closed. i picked up brick oven pizza the other day for dinner with friends, and went to the neighborhood bar each night to surround myself with people, and there are people without water to drink. i get around easily by bicycle while others wait in long lines for the shuttle buses. i don't even need to climb the stairs in my building because my elevator is still working. meanwhile, seniors in brighton beach can't flush their toilets, are running out of food, and do not even have a way of sending out a sos flare. (their council member is mia, in case anyone has any information.)

all the reports on climate mitigation, adaptation, resilience, etc, could not have possibly predicted the very localized nature of the aftermath of extreme storms, and the very human face of its impact. it's literally block by block, street by street, neighbor by neighbor. like the lights being turned on in an empty house, room by room. it feels that even organizing help is taking everyone in the city a few days, as little needs are discovered and disconnects patched over. i sent out an unsteady stream of texts over the last few days, a slowly dawning realization of who lived where and who might be without power or water or a bed or perhaps even without cell service.

luckily, new yorkers are used to sharing, especially with strangers and in times of need. and thankfully we have overlapping networks of people and spaces. we're really good together. bit by bit.

donate blood
new york city's how to help page
wnyc's how to help page, targeted at specific neighborhoods
hurricane hackers








posted by
shin-pei


at
4:55 pm


0
comments






 




 














le too much




via @littleknife's instagram

the best overstock store name, found in paris.
i do love this a bit le too much.





posted by
shin-pei


at
4:11 pm


0
comments






 




 











3.09.2012



unique use of bollard in brussels



i like how this guy stood like this for a half hour late at night. bollards.





posted by
shin-pei


at
4:35 pm


0
comments






 




 














another planning corps article



i have been amiss about posting this, and it is no reflection on urban omnibus, who i just adore. if you haven't signed up for its newsletter, you are surely missing out. i wrote a longer piece about planning corps' work on queens boulevard for it, voila.





posted by
shin-pei


at
4:29 pm


0
comments






 




 














older posts

home




subscribe to:
posts (atom)







about this blog

what's going on with this space



projects

gothamist // jane jacobs memorial // this place is... // reinventing grand army plaza + results + tiny press // reviews in urban design review // new amsterdam bike slam press // npr marketplace segment: public health, built environment, better living // i'll swim to you // planning corps +interview + tiny press + queens boulevard: a book of precedents + mit colab radio article + urban omnibus article + "spontaneous interventions" u.s. pavilion at 13th venice biennale for architecture // city as lab // anyone know portuguese? // cities and climate change: small enough to act, big enough to matter



here and there

twitterplanning corps twitterinstagram



links - slightly random


a daily dose of architecture
a public space
anarchitecture
archinect
aurash khawarzad
basic initiative
ben marcus (inspired the name)
biking rules!
bldgblog
block party nyc
center for architecture
center for urban pedagogy
city of sound
cityskip
civic hacker
david byrne
design trust for public space
dotank brooklyn
ekosystem
fake is the new real
green it yourself
list of women speakers for your conference
michael mandiberg
mit colab
mit senseable city lab
new amsterdam bike slam
next american city
nick grossman
open source planning
our universe
park(ing) day nyc
personism
planning corps
polis
princeton architectural press
pruned
public space
rachel abrams
spacing
streetsblog
the bruce high quality foundation university
the polis blog
the street plans collaborative
tom vanderbilt
tomorrow lab
transportation alternatives
urban omnibus
urban sketchers
urban tick
urbanitis
velo, rapido
vvork
wooster collective




blog archive





jan 2014 (2)
      

mar 2013 (1)
      

jan 2013 (1)
      

dec 2012 (1)
      

nov 2012 (2)
      

mar 2012 (2)
      

jan 2012 (2)
      

nov 2011 (2)
      

aug 2011 (1)
      

jul 2011 (1)
      

jun 2011 (1)
      

may 2011 (6)
      

apr 2011 (2)
      

mar 2011 (4)
      

feb 2011 (3)
      

jan 2011 (1)
      

nov 2010 (2)
      

oct 2010 (1)
      

sep 2010 (2)
      

aug 2010 (1)
      

jul 2010 (6)
      

jun 2010 (2)
      

may 2010 (3)
      

apr 2010 (10)
      

mar 2010 (11)
      

feb 2010 (12)
      

jan 2010 (12)
      

dec 2009 (14)
      

nov 2009 (5)
      

oct 2009 (7)
      

sep 2009 (2)
      

aug 2009 (1)
      

feb 2009 (1)
      

jul 2008 (1)
      

may 2008 (2)
      

apr 2008 (6)
      

mar 2008 (13)
      

feb 2008 (9)
      

jan 2008 (2)
      

dec 2007 (1)
      

jul 2007 (9)
      

jun 2007 (12)
      

may 2007 (26)
      

apr 2007 (17)
      

mar 2007 (10)
      

feb 2007 (8)
      

jan 2007 (11)
      

dec 2006 (11)
      

nov 2006 (12)
      

oct 2006 (14)
      

sep 2006 (8)
      

aug 2006 (11)
      

jul 2006 (11)
      

jun 2006 (16)
      

may 2006 (27)
      

apr 2006 (26)
      

mar 2006 (22)
      

feb 2006 (9)
      

jan 2006 (10)
      

dec 2005 (9)
      

nov 2005 (7)
      

oct 2005 (20)
      

sep 2005 (9)
      

aug 2005 (11)
      

jul 2005 (18)
      

jun 2005 (11)
      

may 2005 (14)
      

apr 2005 (20)
      

mar 2005 (18)
      

feb 2005 (31)
      

jan 2005 (36)
      

dec 2004 (31)
      

nov 2004 (29)
      

oct 2004 (24)
      
















 










