

cad-kas software - pdf editor - shareware download page























rss feed




                english


english


deutsch


español


portug.


français


italiano


日本語


中文


漢語



русский



ελλαδα


nederl.


svenska


norsk


dansk


suomi


polski


ceština


magyar


slovenija


romana


българия


türk


हिन्दी


한국어





english











what do you want to do?


 | 
software categories
 | 
order
 | 
 basket
 | 
about us
 | 
more information

















software


 | 
categories
 | 
order
 | 
infos









  



simply find the software you searched for - more than 200 programs developed by us.


find more than 200 programs developed by us.




to the start page








you can get your full version very fast! you could work with your favorite application today!

with pdf editor you can change pdf documents! - already 15 million downloads
buy the original pdf editor from cad-kas (2003-2025).we are the first who enabled our customers to edit pdf files afterwards.
pdf editor is in use in many companies and on private computers around the world and we have many happy customers of this product. you could be your next happy customer! it does not take more than a few minutes of your time.

do you need an individual software solution? we can develop the software you want for you. please send us an email.


pdf editor 5.5 - the best pdf tool - now also as 64 bit version


how do you change pdf files afterwards? don't work? sure it does! it is easy with our pdf editor. with pdf editor you can edit pdf files easily and make changes afterwards.


no need to write everything again, only because a few sentences or a picture needs to be changed. you save yourself a lot of time using pdf editor.
if you need to change a price, a phone number or an address, you can do the changes with very little effort with pdf editor. you save yourself a lot of time and money.
give a direct feedback to the author of the document what needs to be changed with the annotation functions. no need to describe this in an email, just show them and send them the document back.
give your customers the chance to fill out your pdf files directly on the computer with the help of the form fields. no need for your customers to first print it out and then fill it out. this makes it more likely that your customers fill out the form. this will bring you more customers and more money.


to edit files in the pdf format is foolproof. download the pdf editor trial version for free and convince yourself.



warehouse inventory - now with point of sale function

maintain the overview over your inventory. this is a very easy to handle program. it does not matter if you have a little online store or sell at ebay this is the program for you!
now with build in cash register function

you can use the software as point of sale software.  

more information about warehouse inventory...



font to dxf and g-code

create lettering in any installed truetype font or single line font and save the result as dxf file or g-code file.
ideal to plot letters for signs, engravings.

more information about font to dxf and g-code...


paper/picture to dxf - turn pictures into lines

convert cad drawings in paper form or picture form automatically into vectorized dxf drawings which you can edit with your cad application.
scan a drawing or load a picture from your hard disk into our program.

more information about paper/picture to dxf...



catalog designer - create product catalogs



create product catalogs with many pictures, article numbers, descriptions and product variants in table form and volume discounts. 

more information about catalog designer...


barcode creator


create barcodes in high quality fast and easily! export your barcodes into bitmaps or as wmf/emf metafile or copy it into the windows clipboard and then paste it directly into your application (word/excel).

more information about barcode creator...



pdf to dxf

do you receive pdf files with cad drawings from a cad application like autocad? now you can extract these drawings and save them as dxf file again to open it in you cad application.

more information about pdf to dxf...


pdf password recovery


did you forget the password to remove the encryption and limitations of a pdf document?
now you can not print or copy your own pdf file? no problem! with pdf password recovery you remove the pdf encryption with one click. 

more information about pdf password recovery...



scanned text editor

edit scanned documents without any lose. it does not try to recognize the characters at all. but it lets you simply edit scanned documents.

more information about scanned text editor...


cnc backplot editor


display and simulate your g-code programs on your pc. it draws the tool path on the screen. so you can debug your g-code programs. it let you run the program step by step if you want to fix this one bug.
more information about cnc backplot editor...







pdf flip pages - pdf files on your website

publish your pdf documents as interactive flip page documents directly on your website.
 
no need for a pdf reader to view the document. it will display directly in the web browser. 

more information about pdf flip pages...


photogrammetric image rectification


rectify photos with the help of photogrammetry. so you get a completely level view of one side of a building for example.

so you can take the result for measurements of this building. you can export the result as picture or as dxf file. if you take a photo of a rectangle what you get is a trapezoid.

more information about photogrammetric image rectification...



paper form designer - create your own paper forms

create your own paper forms for printing. do not care about the layout at all. simply enter all you want to query: name, street, city etc.
 
possible fields are text fields or free size, checkbox fields and radio fields. you can sort the fields into different segments (categories).  

more information about paper form designer...


dxf splines to arcs


convert b-spline curves contained in dxf files into arcs. 

so it will be possible to further process the dxf files and use it with your cnc machine.

the program reads existing dxf files and writes the result into a new dxf file. you can specify the maximum deviation of the arc polyline curve from the original b-spline curve.  

more information about dxf splines to arcs...





















copyright (c) 1998-2025 by cad-kas kassler computersoftware gbr


















what do you want to do?



edit pdf

edit text inside a pdf file
create form fields inside a pdf file
view pdf files and print pdf files
scan to pdf
create pdf files
convert pdf
copy content outside a pdf file
combine pdf files
reorder pdf pages or split pdf
make pdf files smaller

print

poster
business cards
forms
calendar
photos
family tree
barcodes

cad drawings

edit dxf files
convert to pictures
extract lines out of scanned drawings
convert pdf to lines
convert drawings to pdf
convert font/text to lines



documents

edit scanned documents
print into paper forms
create paper forms
word processor

your company

create product catalogs
barcodes
appointments
business cards
create logos
menu cards

developer

create a autostart cd menu system
create exe files out of your html files
convert c code to delphi code
create flowcharts

videos

create dvds
cut videos



photos

create slide shows
effects
colorize
morphing
edit photos
manage photos
create logos

music

rip music from audio cd
convert between music formats
fix a scratched audio cd
create mobile phone ring tones

games

pool billiard

website

grab all pictures from a website
upload files to a website
create a photo presentation website
convert websites into exe files














software categories
pdf tools 
cad tools 
print & design 
business & office
photo & pictures
video & dvd
xps tools 
hobbies & fun 
tools & utilities 
internet & website 
sound & music 
games
developers 
complete list










more information
does the software run under mac os and linux?

about pdf files

newsletter

user opinions

links

about us

contact






