

































































the citizen | breaking news | read auburn and cayuga county's breaking news. get latest news, events and information on sports, weather, entertainment and lifestyles.





















skip to main contentskip to main content










        we are currently undergoing maintenance on some services, which may temporarily affect access to subscription accounts and the e-edition. we apologize for any inconvenience and appreciate your patience as we work to resolve the issues.
    

















18°











 log in
                                    
subscribe






guest


logout

read today's e-edition





























news


local



crime



state



politics



business



education



nation & world



news tip




obituaries


share a story



recent obituaries



find an obituary



archives




sports


high school



college



professional



betting




opinion


submit a letter



letters



editorial



columnists




lifestyles


arts and theatre



event calendar



dining



movies & tv



music



comics



games



contests



play



announcements



people



outdoors



travel



food



parenting



health



get healthy



home & garden



fashion



pets



faith




join the community


news tip



share video



send a story



share a photo



blogs


brand ave. studios




print edition


e-edition



e-edition archives




buy & sell


place an ad



jobs



cars



marketplace



public notices



shop local



i love a deal




shopping


curated commerce




customer service


manage subscription



activate digital subscription



newsletter sign-up



subscribe



contact us



help center



gift subscriptions


mobile apps


weather: live radar






facebook





twitter





linkedin





youtube








© 2025 lee enterprises
terms of service | privacy policy






















































































subscribe
read today's e-edition




























                                        subscribe
                                    




























                                                    log in
                                                








welcome, guest

my account
 dashboard
 profile
 saved items

 logout







e-edition

news

obituaries

sports

opinion

puzzles

lifestyles

public notices

jobs









18°
snow shower
























        
        
            auburn man arrested on drug charges at traffic stop

an auburn man was arrested on felony drug charges on sunday after a traffic stop in the city. 

















        
        
            cayuga county republicans endorse more than 100 candidates for 2025 elections

the cayuga county republican committee has endorsed more than 100 candidates for the 2025 elections.

















        
        
            cayuga county-area property transfers: feb. 17, 2025

recently recorded real estate transactions in the cayuga county area.

















        
        
            cayuga county school leaders have mixed reactions to hochul's cellphone ban

cayuga county school district superintendents have a mixture of praise and concern for gov. kathy hochul's proposal to limit cellphone usage by students. 

















        
        
            hochul condemns 'horrific and brutal killing' of transgender man in finger lakes region

gov. kathy hochul has directed state agencies to provide assistance after the "horrific and brutal killing" of sam nordquist, a transgender man, in the finger lakes region. 

















        
        
            finger lakes art council: what does the mona lisa have to do with the erie canal?

this year marks the bicentennial of the completion of the erie canal. 

















        
        
            tubular time capsule: auburn students explore '80s technology at library exhibit

auburn — after the auburn school district banned cellphones in class beginning in october, teachers there had an idea: showing students what it was like to not have cellphones at all.  










            curated commerce
        
6 cbd oils to try for relaxation





                
                recommended for you




















        
        
            cayuga county-area property transfers: feb. 17, 2025


















        
        
            cayuga county-area closings for sunday, feb. 16


















        
        
            hochul condemns 'horrific and brutal killing' of transgender man in finger lakes region















                
                the latest



















        
        
            auburn and cayuga county neighbors: obituaries for february 17

read through the obituaries published in the citizen 




















        
        
            weedsport free library welcomes assistant director, youth services coordinator

a monthly update on what's going on at the weedsport free library.





















        
        
            auburn and cayuga county neighbors: obituaries for february 16

read through the obituaries published in the citizen 





















        
        
            auburn and cayuga county neighbors: obituaries for february 15

read through the obituaries published in the citizen 












                
                interact with us


















        
        
            best of the region 2025



















        
        
            download our mobile app for a customized experience!

download it today! 




















        
        
            get the most important news in your inbox as it happens. sign up for breaking news:

get it delivered to your inbox! 




















        
        
            explore local history with our digital newspaper archives!

visit our online archives for thousands of historical articles, obituaries and announcements. 





















                
                latest video




















        
        
            trump attends nascar's daytona 500 for the second time as president




















        
        
            germany's scholz rebukes vance, defends europe's stance on hate speech and far right




















        
        
            union springs' ainsley francis-biter makes a jump shot against southern cayuga




















        
        
            southern cayuga's alycia orona makes a jump shot against union springs












                
                sports
                
                    


















        
        
            changes expected and necessary for bills' defensive line as offseason nears

how big are the plans of general manager brandon beane for the defensive upgrading? and how much salary cap space does he need to carve out?




















        
        
            bills mailbag: what to make of james cook's contract request

a resurgence of running backs in the nfl has happened at a good time for buffalo bills rb james cook, who plays a position with a short shelf life and should look to cash in when he hits free agency, jay skurski writes.




















        
        
            ryan o'halloran: buyer beware − mixed history of trading two first-round picks for player

the bills should be motivated to trade two late first-round picks (and more stuff, if required) to add a premier pass rusher such as myles garrett to win in the playoffs.




















        
        
            jay skurski: my 17 most memorable moments covering josh allen, from the draft to his mvp honor

"i’ve been fortunate enough to have a seat for nearly all of allen’s games since being drafted. here are my top 17 – get it? – memorable moments, from draft night to his mvp honor," writes jay skurski.













                
                listen now podcasts




















        
        
            tariffs rattle small businesses, an atmospheric river and religion news | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            drone damages chernobyl nuclear plant; egg prices hit record high | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            hamas to release 3 israeli hostages; musk talks deleting agencies | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            how can you reclaim focus in a digital world? | the ethical life podcast

🎧 explore ways to sharpen your attention, stay present and build better habits for a more mindful, productive life.














                
                life & entertainment
                
                    


















        
        
            call 211 for any urgent needs in central new york

with feb. 11 being national 211 day, contact community services in central new york is reminding the public to call the number for help finding food, housing, mental health support and other services. 




















        
        
            auburn community hospital gala raises $150k for heart institute

the auburn community hospital foundation's annual gala raised a record-setting amount of money, which will support a significant investment in the hospital's new auburn heart and vascular institute. 




















        
        
            5 great meatless recipes to work into your rotation — plus some eggless breakfast options

if you're trying to work more vegetables into your meals, here are five great recipes to try (plus some high-protein breakfast options that don't use eggs).

















                
                local events
                
            









 your browser settings are preventing events from loading. more info






×
 update settings to continue…


please try the following steps to enable.


open firefox settings → privacy & security → website privacy preferences
make sure "tell websites not to sell or share my data" is not checked.
make sure "send websites a do not track request" is not checked.




open chrome settings → privacy & security → third-party cookies
under advanced, make sure "do not track " is disabled.




open edge settings → privacy, search, and services
under privacy, make sure "send do not track" requests is not enabled
open cookies and site permissions → manage and delete cookies and site data
make sure "block third-party cookies" is not enabled




open your browser settings and make sure "do not track " is disabled.




                                open your cookie preferences.
make sure "targeted advertising" is toggled on.make sure "do not sell or share my personal information" is toggled off.click save











                
                partner
                
            









sponsored








        
        
            powerhouse partnership: big auto injury attorneys, the popok firm and ‘legal af’ podcast by meidastouch network unite for justice

content by big auto injury attorneys. learn more about meidastouch network’s “legal af” podcast's new partnership with big auto injury attorneys and the popok law firm.












contributor








        
        
            14 spring cleaning decluttering tools for a minimalist office

contributor content. this season is full of exciting possibilities, and this guide will help you achieve a minimalist lifestyle in your professional life.












contributor








        
        
            the role of digital currencies in shaping global economic trends

contributor content. learn how digital currencies affect the modern financial landscape. 




















        
        
            10 best mushroom gummies

affiliate content. explore the 10 best mushroom gummies, offering natural support for immunity, focus, and overall health.
















                
                curated commerce
                
                    


















        
        
            6 cbd oils to try for relaxation

affiliate content. find the right cbd oils to fit your wellness routine. 




















        
        
            best greens powders for 2025: a nutritionist’s top 5

affiliate. we asked a nutritionist to share their top 5 greens powder picks to boost your daily nutrient intake and support overall health.




















        
        
            auto insurance rates set to rise in 2025: how to save on premiums

affiliate content. learn practical ways to reduce your auto insurance premiums in 2025. 




















        
        
            ozempic vs. semaglutide: 10 weight loss medications compared for 2025

affiliate. compare 10 weight loss medications to find the right one for you. 





























                
                local businesses
                
                    



















        
        
            lyons national bank



                                        252 alexander street, rochester, ny 14607
                                    






















        
        
            miller advertising



                                        909 third avenue, 15th floor, new york, ny 10022
                                    






















        
        
            riccelli enterprises



                                        po box 540, fulton, ny 13069
                                    


































        
        
            best of the region 2025



















×
















facebook





twitter





linkedin





youtube







e-edition

obituaries

classifieds

jobs

real estate



sites & partners


news

sports

opinion

life & entertainment

calendar




services


activate your digital subscription

contact us

delivery services

subscribe

place an ad

submit an announcement

submit an event

submit a letter

work here

become a carrier

dealer returns

licensing

shopping






                        © copyright 2025
                        the citizen, 25 seminary st., suite r1 auburn, ny 13021
                    

terms of use
|
privacy policy
|
advertising terms of use
|
do not sell my info
|
cookie preferences




                        powered by blox content management system from bloxdigital.com.
                    












notifications
settings






you don't have any notifications.



get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.

topics

news alerts

subscribe






breaking news

subscribe































