



clientbirthday


































 
     sign in



     sign up
    












home

demo
about
pricing & membership
contact

2025 software 

introduction
news of the past professional
cardware
trial version
2025 software updates
compare programs
desktop program instructions










 






a unique gift anyone can relate to!







 check out a sample  gift by entering any day from history, like a date of birth, below. 
    




















give your client, co-worker or loved one a little nostalgia

pick any special day  from their past, like their birthday or anniversary, and news of the past will send them news headlines and other precious curiosities from that day! our database is huge and constantly growing, featuring news headlines and other worthy factoids, tidbits, and trivia for every day since january 1, 1880.



you will also be happy to hear that news of the past is more than just a snapshot of history. it is a database of clients, co-workers, and friends that you manage, alerting you to their special day so you can easily send them that day's headlines and other memorabilia to inform and amuse.

decide how your clients will receive your news of the past greeting. choose from  newspaper style or other formats. we have over 100 designed templates to choose from, or you can create your own with our easy step-by-step,  drag-and-drop method. 

by offering prints or emails that look good on all devices, including smartphones, tablets, and desktop computers, news of the past will deliver the greeting of your choice to anyone you want in the format of your choice. see our price options or continue to our demo.




pricing and membership 





annual subscription

u.s. $99.00 
subscription is for 1 year (52 weeks) of unlimited prints and email greetings. 









60 pack
 

u.s. $12.00 
this plan includes 60 greeting credits.







single gift

u.s. $1.00
this plan includes 1 greeting credit.















demo. 
working with our online or desktop software is easy as one, two, three. check out our demo or email us and request a personal demo. 








step one:
in this step enter your clients information and click  preview to see the information that they will be receiving.




step two:
pick one of the many pre-designed news of the past print and eletronic gift newletters. or create your own. 
 
   




step three:
manage your data base. save names and events!
     











contact us!
support@clientbirthday.com







terms of service | 
    		privacy notice | 
    		support

1996 
    	  
© spectrum unlimited llc 









✕
support

name*:



email address*:



order number :



reason for emailing*:

select topic
membership questions
technical questions
order questions
general questions
cancel membership
gift/card questions
legal/privacy



comments / feedback :





 




spectrum unlimited llc. privacy policy

effective date: 11-20, 2018

this policy explains what information we collect when you use spectrum unlimited llc.'s sites, services, mobile applications, products, and content ("services"). it also has information about how we store, use, transfer, and delete that information.

information we collect & how we use it

spectrum unlimited llc. doesn't make money from ads. so we don't collect data in order to advertise to you. the tracking we do at spectrum unlimited llc. is to make our product work as well as possible.

in order to give you the best possible experience using spectrum unlimited llc. sites, including the information and images you save to the site, your email address and other information, we collect based on actions you take while using spectrum unlimited llc. sites, such as the names, dates and email addresses you save to the site, this includes your interactions with the site.

we use this information to:

generate your gift greeting prints
generate and email your greeting emails
generate aggregate, non-identifying information about how people use spectrum unlimited llc. services
when you create your spectrum unlimited llc. account, we will never use or publish through third-party your account information or client information.

information disclosure

spectrum unlimited llc. won't transfer information about you to third parties for the purpose of providing or facilitating third-party advertising to you. we won't sell information about you or your site activities.

we may share your account information with third parties in some circumstances, including: (1) with your consent; (2) to a service provider or partner who meets our data protection standards; (3) when we have a good faith belief it is required by law, such as pursuant to a subpoena or other legal process; (4) when we have a good faith belief that doing so will help prevent imminent harm to someone.

if we are going to share your information in response to legal process, we'll give you notice so you can challenge it (for example by seeking court intervention), unless we're prohibited by law or believe doing so may endanger others. we will object to requests for information about users of our services that we believe are improper.

data storage

spectrum unlimited llc. uses third-party vendors and hosting partners, such as godaddy.com for networking, storage, and related technology we need to run spectrum unlimited llc. sites. we maintain two types of logs: server logs and event logs. by using spectrum unlimited llc. services, you authorize spectrum unlimited llc. to transfer, store, and use your information in the united states and any other country where we operate.

tracking & cookies

we use browser cookies and similar technologies to recognize you when you return to our services. we use them in various ways, for example to log you in, remember your preferences (such as default language), evaluate email effectiveness, to allow you to personalize content and other information.

spectrum unlimited llc. doesn't track you across the internet. we track only your interactions within the spectrum unlimited llc. site.
some third-party services that we use to provide the spectrum unlimited llc. service, such as google analytics, may place their own cookies in your browser. this privacy policy covers use of cookies by spectrum unlimited llc. only and not the use of cookies by third parties.

spectrum unlimited llc. complies with the "do not track" ("dnt") standard recommended by the world wide web consortium. for logged-out users browsing with dnt enabled, spectrum unlimited llc.'s analytics will not receive data about you, but we will do some first-party tracking in order to customize content and provide data to third-party service providers that enable spectrum unlimited llc. services to work.

modifying or deleting your personal information

if you have a spectrum unlimited llc. site account, you can access, modify or export your personal information, or delete your account.

to protect information from accidental or malicious destruction, we may maintain residual copies for a brief time period. but, if you delete your account, your information and content will be unrecoverable after that time. spectrum unlimited llc. may preserve and maintain copies of your information when required to do so by law.

data security

we use encryption (https/tls) to protect data transmitted to and from our site. however, no data transmission over the internet is 100% secure, so we can't guarantee security. you use the service at your own risk, and you're responsible for taking reasonable measures to secure your account.

business transfers

if we are involved in a merger, acquisition, bankruptcy, reorganization or sale of assets such that your information would be transferred or become subject to a different privacy policy, we'll notify you in advance, so you can opt out of any such new policy by deleting your account before transfer.

email from spectrum unlimited llc.

sometimes we'll send you emails about your account, service changes or new policies. you can't opt out of this type of "transactional" email (unless you delete your account).

when you interact with an email sent from spectrum unlimited llc. (such as opening an email or clicking on a particular link in an email), we may receive information about that interaction. we won't email you to ask for your password. if you receive such an email, please send it to us so we can investigate.

changes to this policy

spectrum unlimited llc. may periodically update this policy. we'll notify you about significant changes to it. the most current version of the policy will always be here and we will archive former versions of the policy here.

questions

we welcome feedback about this policy at support@clientbirthday.com.

legal bases

in order to provide the services, spectrum unlimited llc. collects and stores personal data about its users on the legal basis of consent given when you create an account and agree to the privacy policy.

spectrum unlimited llc. also pursues its legitimate interests by collecting minimal data of logged out users to provide the services, as outlined above.

where spectrum unlimited llc. collects and stores personal data about non-users, it does so under performance of contract obligations with users who use the services to publish content on web sites hosted by spectrum unlimited llc. in such cases, users authoring such content containing personal data of third parties are responsible for that content. spectrum unlimited llc. will consider related complaints in compliance with the general data protection regulation's rights of the data subject, as well as rights of expression and access to information.

public nature of personal data

logged-in users may choose to interact publicly with the spectrum unlimited llc. services in the form of generating greetings for print or email. where such personal data may reveal special category protected data, it is processed on the basis that it is manifestly made public by the user. additional information on potential consequences of such processing can be found below. if you do not agree to this public usage, do not create an account or use these features of spectrum unlimited llc. services.

categories of personal data collected

logged out users:

account payment status
site use history  
logged in users:

username
display name
bio
avatar image
email address (non-public)
session activity (security)
linked social media accounts (optional)
ip address
browser information
reading history (on spectrum unlimited llc. network only)
network interactions (recommends, follows, etc.)
posts, responses, or series published by user members:
billing information and history partner authors:
bank account for payments
business information, if applicable
categories of recipients

spectrum unlimited llc. shares minimal personal data with third-party processors in order to provide the services. these processors offer at least the same level of data protection as that set out in this statement. this includes the following categories of recipients:

hosting, storage, & other infrastructure
security • analytics
communication & support
payment processors
search engines will index user profiles, public interactions, and any user-generated content. users may also share links to your content on social media.

payment processors

spectrum unlimited llc. provides services in conjunction with several payment processors, including: visa, mastercard, discover, paypal, through which users may pay for spectrum unlimited llc. site memberships. those companies acting as payment processors may collect and store personal data related to your billing information and history in order to provide their services, and may collect and store personal data and business data to prevent fraud and other abuse.

when you delete your spectrum unlimited llc. account, spectrum unlimited llc. deletes your personal data as outlined in this document. however, to delete your payment or billing information, you will need to do so with your payment provider, as spectrum unlimited llc. only has minimal secure access to those records as needed to provide the services.

embedded content

existence of decision-making, spectrum unlimited llc. sites give you the option to store personal data about its clients and users to customize greetings. this includes decision-making to promote content tailored to the preferences and interests indicated by you. spectrum unlimited llc. also filters content for the purposes of fighting and preventing spam, fraud, and other forms of abuse.

potential consequences of processing

by creating an account on a spectrum unlimited llc. site, users may make certain personal data about themselves public and accessible to others on their profile and through network interactions. this may in some cases constitute special category protected data which is considered manifestly made public by the user.

due to the public nature of information posted to spectrum unlimited llc. sites, it may be possible for third parties to derive identifying personal data from greetings, whether by reading, inference, supplemental research, or automated extraction and analysis.

users are free to use their real name and information, or a pseudonym of their choosing, for their account. users may also choose to use the service without posting data or engaging in network interactions. however, if you do not agree with and accept the risks of such usage, you may not use the services.

cross-border transfers

spectrum unlimited llc. sites are hosted in the united states. by using spectrum unlimited llc. sites you authorize spectrum unlimited llc. to transfer, store, and use your information in the united states and any other country where we operate. where your data is disclosed to our processors, it is subject by contract to at least the same level of data protection as that set out in this statement.

retention

spectrum unlimited llc. retains personal data associated with your account for the lifetime of your account. if you would like to delete your personal information, you can delete your account at any time. to delete your payment or billing information, you will need to do so with your payment provider, as spectrum unlimited llc. only has minimal secure access to those records as needed to provide the services.

rights of data subjects

if you sign up for a spectrum unlimited llc. account, you may at any time request an export the information you saved to your account from the client database page.
you may correct account information associated with your account by emailing support@clientbirthday.com.
you may withdraw consent by deleting your account at any time by emailing support@clienbirthday.com. we will erase your personal information completely within 14 days (except to the extent spectrum unlimited llc. is prevented by law from deleting your information).
you may at any time lodge a complaint regarding the processing of your personal data by spectrum unlimited llc. with the supervisory authority of your eu member state.
contact information spectrum unlimited llc. po box 2500 el granada, ca 94108 united states of america support@clientbirthday.com
    


spectrum unlimited llc. terms of service

				

effective: november 20, 2018

these terms of service ("terms") are a contract between you and spectrum unlimited llc. they govern your use of this spectrum unlimited llc. site, services, mobile apps, products, and content ("services").

by using news of the past and other spectrum unlimited llc. sites you agree to these terms. if you don't agree to any of the terms, you can't use spectrum unlimited llc sites.

we can change these terms at any time. if a change is material, we'll let you know before they take effect. by using spectrum unlimited llc. sites, on or after that effective date, you agree to the new terms. if you don't agree to them, you should delete your account before they take effect, otherwise your use of the site and content will be subject to the new terms.

content rights & responsibilities

you own the rights to the content you create and post on spectrum unlimited llc. sites.

by posting content to spectrum unlimited llc. sites, you give us a nonexclusive license to publish it on spectrum unlimited llc. sites, services, including anything reasonably related to publishing it (like storing, displaying, reformatting, and distributing it). in consideration for spectrum unlimited llc. granting you access to and use of the services, you agree that spectrum unlimited llc. may enable advertising on the services, including in connection with the display of your content or other information. we may also use your content to promote spectrum unlimited llc., including its products and content. we will never sell your content to third parties without your explicit permission.

you're responsible for the content you post. this means you assume all risks related to it, including someone else's reliance on its accuracy, or claims relating to intellectual property or other legal rights.

you're welcome to post content on spectrum unlimited llc. sites that you've published elsewhere, as long as you have the rights you need to do so. by posting content to spectrum unlimited llc. sites, you represent that doing so doesn't conflict with any other agreement you've made.

by posting content you didn't create to spectrum unlimited llc. sites, you are representing that you have the right to do so. for example, you are posting a work that's in the public domain, used under license or a fair use.

we can remove any content you post for any reason.

you can delete any of your data, or your account, anytime. processing the deletion may take a little time, but we'll do it as quickly as possible. we may keep backup copies of your deleted content on our servers for up to 14 days after you delete it.

our content and services

we reserve all rights in spectrum unlimited llc.'s sites look and feel. some parts of spectrum unlimited llc. sites.  as for other parts of spectrum unlimited llc. and it's sites, you may not copy or adapt any portion of our code, database content, or visual design elements (including logos) without express written permission from spectrum unlimited llc. unless otherwise permitted by law.

you may not do, or try to do, the following: (1) access or tamper with non-public areas of the services, our computer systems, or the systems of our technical providers; (2) access or search the services by any means other than the currently available, published interfaces (e.g., apis) that we provide; (3) forge any tcp/ip packet header or any part of the header information in any email or posting, or in any way use the services to send altered, deceptive, or false source-identifying information; or (4) interfere with, or disrupt, the access of any user, host, or network, including sending a virus, overloading, flooding, spamming, mail-bombing the services, or by scripting the creation of content or accounts in such a manner as to interfere with or create an undue burden on the services.

distributing spectrum unlimited llc. site content is allowed if done in accordance with the technology available on the site where spectrum unlimited llc. content is generated. copying spectrum unlimited llc. site content is prohibited.

we may change, terminate, or restrict access to any aspect of the service, at any time, without notice.

no children

spectrum unlimited llc. sites are for people 13 years old and over. by using spectrum unlimited llc. sites, you affirm that you are over 13. if we learn someone under 13 is using spectrum unlimited llc. sites, we'll terminate their account.

security

if you find a security vulnerability on spectrum unlimited llc. sites, tell us. by using the services, you agree to let spectrum unlimited llc. collect and use information as detailed in our privacy policy. if you're outside the united states, you consent to letting spectrum unlimited llc. transfer, store, and process your information (including your personal information and content) in and out of the united states.

to enable a functioning community, we have rules. to ensure usernames are distributed and used fairly, we have a username policy. under our dmca policy, we'll remove material after receiving a valid takedown notice. under our trademark policy, we'll investigate any use of another's trademark and respond appropriately.

by using spectrum unlimited llc sites., you agree to follow these rules and policies. if you don't, we may remove content, or suspend or delete your account.

miscellaneous

disclaimer of warranty. spectrum unlimited llc. provides the services to you as is. you use them at your own risk and discretion. that means they don't come with any warranty. none express, none implied. no implied warranty of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, availability, security, title or non-infringement.

limitation of liability. spectrum unlimited llc. won't be liable to you for any damages that arise from your using the services. this includes if the services are hacked or unavailable. this includes all types of damages (indirect, incidental, consequential, special or exemplary). and it includes all kinds of legal claims, such as breach of contract, breach of warranty, tort, or any other loss.

no waiver.if spectrum unlimited llc doesn't exercise a particular right under these terms, that doesn't waive it.

severability. if any provision of these terms is found invalid by a court of competent jurisdiction, you agree that the court should try to give effect to the parties' intentions as reflected in the provision and that other provisions of the terms will remain in full effect.

choice of law and jurisdiction. these terms are governed by california law, without reference to its conflict of laws provisions. you agree that any suit arising from the services must take place in a court located in san francisco, california.

entire agreement. these terms (including any document incorporated by reference into them) are the whole agreement between spectrum unlimited llc. and you concerning the services.












