





19th century european antiques and oriental antiques
















david brower antiques - london based dealer in 19th century european antiques and oriental antiques and decorative works of art, including antique meissen and kpm porcelain, italian and french sculpture, marbles and bronzes, and japanese and chinese porcelain, ceramics and works of art











european


meissen

kpm

other european porcelain

sculpture

decorative works of art



oriental 


japanese works of art


japanese porcelain & ceramics


chinese porcelain & works of art














the scrolling image above may 
                  take a moment to download... 

view our june lockdown exhibition 
about us... 
david brower antiques, established in 1964 is now celebrating over 50 years in business and has been situated in kensington church street for the last 45 years.
inspired by two generations of antique dealers before him, david brower antiques is proud to be a family business, remaining true to a commitment to both quality and condition, offering some of the finest works of art available on the market today.
a passion for fine artistry and workmanship throughout the 19th century forms the basis of the large inventory, specialising in both european porcelain (particularly meissen) in our upper gallery and japanese works of art from the meiji period on the lower ground floor.
every object sold, is guaranteed for authenticity providing customers with peace of mind, in a friendly and relaxed informal environment. as members of lapada & bada we adhere to a stringent code of practice and are happy to assist in all areas including worldwide shipping, door to door.
the shop, designed over three floors, offers a large and ever changing selection of antiques for the discerning buyer but should you be unable to find exactly what you are looking for, our worldwide network of trusted industry contacts will enable us to find it for you, if it’s out there to be found!
continuing to serve both our trade and private clients, we have assisted in the building of many important collections both in the uk and internationally serving a varied clientele including museums and royal collections, whilst also contributing to tv programmes for the bbc and the film industry.
we look forward to welcoming you when you visit this this unique street for antiques.





 
 



