   kat martin - official author website           



homebioall booksromantic suspensecontemporary-novellahistorical romancejump to pagelatest booksall books page 2all books page 3all books page 4all books page 5all books page 6seriesghost serieshauntedthe ghost illusionblood tiesmaximum securitythe texas trilogythe boss inc. seriesthe brodies of alaskathe against seriesparanormal seriesparanormal series 1paranormal series 2two book series’two book series 1two book series 2two book series 3the brides trilogythe necklace trilogythe heart trilogythe sinclair sisters trilogyrogue’s trilogysouthern trilogylord’s trilogyprintable book listskat martin book listkat martin books – grouped by seriesmediavideosinterviewsbook videosphoto gallerymontanacaliforniatravelscontestscontact

select page


new york times bestselling authorimage already added   new york times bestselling authorimage already added   new york times bestselling authorimage already added   
kat martin - beyond reason
 hi, everyone!the new year marks the re-release of beyond reason, one of my favorite stories. in the novel, someone is willing to kill for control of drake trucking, the company carly drake inherited from her grandfather. big money is involved. and very big danger.multi-millionaire, lincoln cain, is determined to keep the promise he made carly’s grandfather, joe drake, the man who helped him change his life after he got out of prison. cain has vowed to protect carly, no matter the cost. it’s high-stakes action and plenty of romance. i hope you give it a try!thanks for all your years of reading and support. warmest, kathi, everyone!the new year marks the re-release of beyond reason, one of my favorite stories. in the novel, someone is willing to kill for control of drake trucking, the company carly drake inherited from her grandfather. big money is involved. and very big danger.multi-millionaire, lincoln cain, is determined to keep the promise he made carly’s grandfather, joe drake, the man who helped him change his life after he got out of prison. cain has vowed to protect carly, no matter the cost. it’s high-stakes action and plenty of romance. i hope you give it a try!thanks for all your years of reading and support. warmest, kat
  image already added   newest kat martin romantic suspense novelsimage already added
 hauntedimage already added   
 the ghost illusionimage already added   
 one last chanceimage already added   
 the last mileimage already added   
 the last goodnightnow availableorder today!image already added   about the book
 perilnow availableorder today!image already added   about the book
 the perfect murdernow availableorder today!image already added   about the book
 the ultimate betrayalnow availableorder today!image already added   about the book
 the deceptionnow availableorder today!image already added   about the book
 the conspiracynow availableorder today!image already added   about the book
 come midnightnow availableorder today!image already added   about the book
 before nightfallnow availableorder today!image already added   about the book
 shadows at dawn
now available
order today!image already added   about the book
 after the sunrisenow availableorder today!image already added   about the bookconnectsubscribe to the newsletterstay connected with kat martin image already added   sign upcontestssee all kat’s contestsand enter to win! enter now


facebook


x


rss
© 2014 - 2025 by kat martin - best selling author of romance novels     



subscribe to kat's newsletterimage already addedjoin the mailing list to receive the latest news and updates from kat martin.image already added   



subscribe!

you have successfully subscribed! image already added   
pin it on pinterest
































share this


facebook



twitter



pinterest



digg



google+



blogger



amazon





       




