








anthem flags, flag poles & cases - display your colors proudly


























































 





toggle navigation





home
folding american flag
discarding american flag
about anthem flag
get in touch
 

 













about us
here  at  anthem  flags,  we  specialize  in  flagpoles,  cases,  and  everything  you  need  to  display  your  colors  proudly.  check  out  the  rest  of  our  website  for  what  we  have  to  offer.  if  you  have  any  questions,  we  can  be  messaged  through  the  information  on  our  contact  page. 



tips for flag handling



 
benefits of shopping at tri equestrian tack shop
august 24, 2018november 5, 2018
 

 

finding a great place to get all of your horse supplies is a challenge. however, what you need to realize is you can easily find a great shop if you are doing a little bit of research on the companies you can buy supplies from. this is when you should know the benefits of going to a place like the tri equestrian tack shop & stable equipment. when you know about these benefits you will notice this is going to be a great place for you to go and get everything that you need, but also know that you are going to have a great time because you are able to get the supplies you need to have.
wide range of supplies available 
if you own a horse then you know that you are going to need to get quite a few supplies available. since it can be hard to find the supplies you will want to know this is a place that does have a lot of the supplies that you need to have. so you are not going to be left trying to figure out which one of the supplies you need and where you can get it from. instead, you just have to go to tri equestrian tack shop and you will be able to rest easier knowing that you are most likely going to get the supply you need to have and know it will be working exactly for what you need to have.
you may find that some of the supplies you can get here are different than what you need with a slight variation. this is commonly coming from the fact that you are able to get the changes ever so slightly because of the way the gear is going to fit and with some of the updates that are being done to the equipment, which is going to be a great thing for you to get the newer equipment that has some safety features and other items you never thought about needing before.

top quality supplies 
when you are looking at this location you will find it has a tendency to sell only the top quality supplies. while this does make the price a little bit higher, it means you are going to get the best quality supplies on the market and be able to use these supplies for the long term. so you will not be left trying to figure out how you can get the supplies or even in knowing how long they are going to last.
a good example of this would be some of the saddles. while you may think the saddles quality will not really matter that much, you need to realize if you do not get the right saddle you could end up getting one that is going to have break down relatively quickly. when they start to break down quickly, you will notice they are going to have some problems in using the saddle, but getting the top quality saddle it will be easy for you to have a great saddle that is going to last you for a long period of time.
ability to special order products 
when you are at tri equestrian tack shop you will find that you do have something that is going to be really helpful and that is the chance to special order some of the products you need to have. when you are able to special order the products you can easily find the products you need to have, but also know the hard to find items are going to be found as well. this will make it easier for you to have a great product that you need to have and know because you have it special ordered you will be aware of what you are going to get.
what else is great when you do special order the products you can find the brand that you want, but also know what you are going to get. so you do not have to worry about the product not meeting your needs or even worse not being able to help you out in getting the great look you want to have or wearing out faster than what you expect it to do. whether you are coming to ireland for an equestrian holiday or are just wanting top quality products, these are the guys to go to.!
staff are very friendly 
when you are shopping here you will find that the staff is going to be very friendly and will help you out in getting the right products you need to have. however, what you need to realize is when you are going to have a challenge in finding the product you will want to have help in finding the right product at times. this is when you should know more about the fact that you can have the help from the staff that is here and it will guarantee you get the right item.

prices are great 
when you are looking here you will find the prices are going to be reasonable compared to what you are used to seeing. this allows you to find the right item and know you are going to get the price that you can afford. so you will not be left trying to figure out which one of the items you should be getting or which one you can afford. this, in turn, means you can go out and enjoy our horses more than what you were expecting.
being able to get the right product can be a good thing, but can be a challenge when you own a horse. since this is the case, you should know more about the benefits of shopping at the tri equestrian tack shop. by knowing about the benefits of shopping here it will be very easy for you to find the right products that you need and know that your horses are going to have a happy life because they are getting spoiled like you never imagined before and they are going to enjoy the treatment they are getting because you found the top products on the market.

 
darragh hayes fitness instructors
july 12, 2018october 19, 2018
 


many people are clueless as to what to expect when looking for the best darragh hayes fitness instructor. darragh hayes has its own share of personal trainers. but all of these professionals are not created equal. there is a majority of reputable trainers as well as a few rotten eggs among them. that is why it is important that you conduct a thorough research before choosing the best darragh hayes fitness instructors. many individuals lack the discipline to go to a gym and achieve their fitness goals on their own. that is where a personal trainer in darragh hayes comes in handy. there are many factors to look for when choosing the best fitness trainer in the area. here are some of the most important things to look for when selecting the best fitness and weight trainer in darragh hayes.
many individuals cite lack of time and motivation as the top reason for not working out regularly. under such circumstances, hiring the right fitness instructor could be worth its weight in gold. it is quite understandable that the majority of us would rather be more motivated to work with a professional fitness coach than working out on our own. it saves a lot of time and gives the best results within a short period. a professional coach knows how to motivate his/her students and get them to work out on a tight schedule. they will set-up a workout as well as a diet plan to get the best possible results for their students. the statistics clearly point out in favour of working with a personal trainer to get better results in a short time. but the problem is finding the right darragh hayes fitness instructor for the job. working with a fitness trainer isn’t easy as most people would like to think. you shouldn’t expect the instructor to go easy on you or pamper you. you should expect a lot of work and a tight schedule to achieve your fitness goals within a short time frame. you can expect the trainer to motivate and support you along the way. you should opt for the right instructor who has a better understanding of your needs and wishes. make sure you check a host of trainers working at gyms or offering private training in darragh hayes before selecting the right candidate for the job.


the most important thing about hiring a personal fitness trainer is the personal attention you get from the instructor. he or she will custom design a fitness routine to suit your physical condition and fitness requirements. each individual will be given a separate training routine depending on their personal needs and fitness levels. that is why you shouldn’t compare your fitness routine with the ones your friends have got. every individual is different with different needs and capabilities. keep this in mind when you decide to work with a professional trainer in the area.

the trainer should have the right credentials before anything else. make sure the potential candidate has completed courses and seminars around the specific areas and requirements that you need. the experience of the instructor is also an important factor to consider. do they have a proven track record in the area? you can check out the website of the candidate to see how other clients in the area are reviewing the service of the trainer. in fact, customer feedback plays an important part when you are looking for a reliable personal instructor in darragh hayes. ask to talk to a few of their existing clients in the area. a reputable trainer won’t have any hesitation in letting you talk to a couple of their past clients. if the trainer refuses to give you the contacts of at least a couple of past clients, you shouldn’t work with such a candidate.
 


the right trainer should walk their talk. even though a six pack isn’t mandatory for a trainer to help others achieve their fitness goals, it is important that the trainer be fit to some extent. in fact, their audio should match their visual. on the other hand, too much style and not enough substance won’t work either. you should be looking for a balance of the two when choosing the best fitness instructor in the area. successful personal training is a long-term relationship where you should like the personality of the trainer. if not, the partnership won’t be that much successful. it won’t help you achieve your fitness goals under such circumstances. it is very important that you find someone who communicates on your level when choosing the best darragh hayes fitness instructor.

in case you are just starting out, you won’t need the service of the most specialised coach in the industry. that would be a waste of your money if you have non-specific goals related to general fitness. but if you are at a more advanced stage in your fitness regimen, you need a highly specialised trainer who can help achieve your specific fitness goals within a short time frame. you should expect to pay more for the services of such a personal trainer in the area. even though most weight instructors are not professional nutritionists, they should be able to offer some basic nutritional advice for the benefit of their client. in fact, the proper diet and workout regimen go hand in hand when achieving your fitness goals over time. these are important things that you need to consider when hiring a reliable fitness trainer in the area.
 

 
last but not least, you have to consider your budget when hiring a reliable trainer in darragh hayes. the rates of fitness trainers may vary depending on their reputation, location, experience, and how busy they are. price isn’t the only thing to consider when hiring the right candidate for the job. be sure to do your homework properly before making the final decision.
 
the aforementioned article provides information on what you need to consider when hiring a reputable and experienced personal trainer in darragh hayes.

 
skills to learn if you want to become a motion graphic designer
june 26, 2018
 

motion animation, flat animation, motion graphics and even graphic video representation are the various notations of how individuals recognize moving graphics. we have all seen how motion graphics have survived since the dawn of television and they still have a promising future. almost everything that we perceive currently has a touch of motion graphic animation, every television show, movie, commercials and more. this field has enjoyed a huge interest and more and more people want to become motion graphic designers or simply put, motion designers. it is a rather trendy branch of design that is connected with the rush development of the recent technologies.
so, if you are among those who want to become motion designers, what do you need in order to push your creative career forward? let us delve more into that:
 
traditional art skills 
a solid grasp of traditional art is essential as you pursue your motion design career as it not only helps you during the process but gives you ideas on how to communicate the design to your audience. it is way much easier to sketch your ideas on a paper, rather than to create them using computer software. sketches can be done faster, saving you time and also presenting an opportunity to brainstorm new ideas.
anyone, without a doubt, can learn how to utilize the software, but when it comes to designing visually appealing and engaging motion graphics, traditional art skills are a must.
software 
 
traditional art skills are mandatory, but in this day and age, we just cannot do without software. that being said, you’ll need to have an excellent artistic eye as a motion graphics designer and learn how to use powerful software applications in this field such as 3ds max, maya, after effects, adobe photoshop, illustrator, final cut pro etc. of course, there are numerous choices and you have the freedom to pick those that best meet your needs.
 
a solid grasp of animation 
one of the most useful skills in this field is animation. as a motion graphic designer, you need to bring 2-dimensional elements to life via movement. as you may have guessed, an animation is required for this, and despite what you may have heard, motion graphics animation is more than just setting several keyframes. you need a solid grasp of the fundamentals of animation as well as how things move in order to create excellent work.
the principles of animation will equally apply to you as they do to a 3d or 2d character animator.  you need to know where to ease in or out, where to exaggerate as well as the ideal type of timing. you might have an excellent design, but if it is not animated correctly, it will make the entire project lack appeal.
 
skills in 3d design 
3d elements can now be found in motion design, and their utilization will not stop any time soon. you might have come across a 3d intro in a tv show, commercial, logo, etc. as such,  you will need to acquire these skills if you want to enhance your career and keep up with the rapidly changing industry. there are numerous 3d applications and tutorials out there, and it is all up to you to learn. limiting yourself to just 2d motion design would be unwise. expand your scope, and you will get more opportunities when it comes to securing contracts and projects.
 
graphic design skills 
this one is a no-brainer, but we figured out we would include it as it is of the utmost importance in this field. after all, motion design involves bringing graphic elements to life using animation. as such, learning graphic design can help push your motion design projects. it is even of more importance if you plan to become a freelance designer, where in most cases you’ll be asked not just to make the elements move, but create them from scratch. if you plan to work in a large studio, designing the elements probably won’t be in your to-do list, but you can never really predict what type of projects you will be working on. it is also a plus if you come across a graphic designer position.
 
interpersonal communication 
you might think that this is not related to design skills, but you couldn’t be further from the truth. excellent motion design begins with communication, making interpersonal communication equally important. conversing with your clients or the creative directors in an appropriate manner requires proper communication skills. also, keep in mind that clients aren’t designers and so, it is your job to communicate your ideas in a clear and concise manner. a great motion designer should be able to explain their concepts to employers or clients.
 
understanding typography 
typography is more often than not the driving force of motion graphics. for instance, a motion graphic designer may only use this type to convey the company, service or product to the viewer. since it is quite prominent in this field, you will need to have an excellent grasp of typography including what compliments a design, the elements that create a typeface, and what is appealing but easy for the audience to read. a proper font can undoubtedly drive your motion design to the next level.
 
creative thinking 
as a motion graphic designer, your primary task is to bring a visual element to life. it is ideally your role to know the best way to do it. the client’s idea may not be clear, and you may have very little information to work with. this is where the aspect of creative thinking comes into the picture, the ability to transform a simple idea into a complex and appealing final piece.

 
tips to locate the best t-shirt printing services
june 22, 2018
 

when you are part of a sports team or own a business, you know how important it is for everything to be uniform. the problem that you may have is the fact that you are going to need to have some way to get the shirts all the same that everyone is going to be wearing for the sporting event. this is when you may start to look at the t-shirt printing services that are in your area. since you do not look for these companies all the time, though, it is very easy to just pick one of the companies that you think will do the job only to find out after the fact they are unable to do it. this is when you need to use these tips to help you in finding the best t-shirt printing services to do the job for you.



brand of shirts used 

this is something that you need to think about because you know that not all of the brands of shirts are created equal. since that is the case, you will want to make sure you know what brands of shirts the company is planning on using. this way you can start to get the right brand of shirt that will actually work for your needs, but also work for the duration of the job as well and not lead to you having to try to find a way to reorder the shirt time and time again.

what would really be nice is if you can find a company that offers several brands of shirts to pick from? by having several different brands to pick from, you will be able to look at the shirts and find the ones that will work for your needs and your budget. yes, the budget as well because sometimes the companies will have different brands priced differently, which would be what you would expect.

colours of the shirts 

the base colours of the shirts that you are going to look for is going to be looking at as well. you will want to have the base colour be the same and will match the theme of your team or the business you are getting the tops printed for. a good example of this is if your team colours are black and orange, then you would want to find a company that offers a shirt that will match with your team colours. if you cannot find this, then you will have some problems in getting the great looks that you want to have or even in keeping the uniformity look you need to have as a team.



size of the shirt range and minimum order 

usually, when you are ordering shirts like this you can custom order the size that you need to have. however, sometimes the companies that are making these shirts are going to have a limit on the sizes they are going to have available at any point in time. since this is the case you want to check out what kind of size range the company has in place for the shirts that you are ordering and know if they will be the size that will fit all of your employees or not.

in addition to the size range, you will find that some of the t-shirt printing services will have a minimum number of shirts you have to order to get your shirts printed off at a time. now, this is to save the company money, but you may find that if you only have one person that needs the xxxl that it may not be worth getting five shirts printed off for them. so you need to take into account the minimum order that is needed for the shirts to be printed.

type of images you can have printed 

this is something that you should look at carefully as this is going to make a difference in how good your shirts are going to look. you will find that some of the printing companies are going to be able to only print certain images or screen printings without losing the integrity of the shirt. since this is the case, you will want to make sure you know about the types of images you can have put on the shirt. if possible you may want to see if they can give you a rendering preview of the item to make sure it is going to look great and have the results you were expecting to get from the shirt printing.



time frame until you get the product back 

while it is always smart to go and order these well in advance you need to know how long it will take to get the shirts back to you. yes, it may take a little bit of time, but it is definitely worth it if you are going to look great in the shirts. at the same time, though, you will want to make sure you know how long it will take to get the shirts back and that you are going to get the shirts back in time. without this, you could end up ordering the tops for your sports team or your company and end up disappointed when they are not back in time for the job that you need the shirts for.

when you are running a business or even a sports team you know how valuable it is for everyone to look the same. the problem is if you are not providing the uniforms or the gear the chance of the people going out and getting the items on their own is very slim. this is when you should know about the fact that you can use these tips here to find the best t-shirt printing services. then you can have a great looking shirt and know that it is going to be providing the uniform look you want to have and that everyone will have a newly renewed sense of pride from this look.

 
how to properly discard the american flag
april 18, 2018april 20, 2018
 

 

a grand old flag may fly proudly, but what do you do once it’s worn, tattered, torn, or faded? do you just throw the beloved flag out into the trash? is this considered respectful to the country?
what most people don’t seem to know is that it is illegal to throw away the american flag. the flag codes, or rules about the american flag,  have notes stated that the flag should be destroyed with dignity. 
here are our preferred methods to retire an american flag. we hope they’re helpful to you!
burning
it may seem like a surprising answer, but burning the american flag is actually a respectful way to discard it. this, of course, is only a valid statement if the flag burning is done within the proper context. to properly burn the american flag it requires a rather specific ceremony where the flag is folded into a triangular shape. 
the flag is then left to burn while being saluted or having someone at the ceremony recite the country’s pledge of allegiance. if so inclined, the flag burners may also sing the national anthem. this process is mainly for retiring personal flags at home and not usually done by businesses.
burial
the burial process for the american flag starts with designating a quality wooden box. this will serve as the flag’s vessel or, dare we say, coffin. folding the flag once again in a ceremonial manner, the flag is placed inside the box, sealed, and then buried in the ground. 
some have been known to have funerals for their flags, giving a speech or observing a moment of silence.
shredding
another way to dispose of the american flag properly is by shredding. use fabric scissors to out the thirteen stripes, leaving the field of stars in one piece. this process actually only replaces the step of folding for the two discarding methods mentioned above. after the flag is shredded, it still needs to be either burned or buried.
where to give your flags for disposal
if you’re not fond of the idea of disposing of the flag yourself, you have the option of handing it to a select number of organizations. the boy and girl scouts of america, the us military, veterans of foreign wars, and the american legion all provide flag disposal services. if you are without the ability to gain access to these organizations, consider contacting your local government. happy recycling!


 
how to properly fold an american flag
april 12, 2018april 20, 2018
 

 

when a flag isn’t proudly being held on a pole, it can be shown in a case or display. to do so, however, the flag must first be correctly folded. this manner that we are about to show you is considered a respectful way to fold the flag.
this process is not only done for showing the flag on display, but for burying or burning the flag as well. here is how to correctly fold the american flag.
what will you need
the first thing that you’ll need an american flag, preferably in excellent condition. a flag that is worn or tattered should be recycled. the second thing you’ll need is another person. when folding the flag, it needs to be held out in the air. the flag should not be wrapped on the ground, table, or any other surface. having another person to hold the flag as you fold also helps to keep the fabric taut.
here are the steps
using two people hold the flag by all four of its corners, you’ll want to keep the flag parallel to the ground at about waist-level. each person should have a short side of the flag, pulling to make the fabric tight.

fold the flag in half, length way so that the blue field of stars are towards the ground. then, do that again. at this point, the field should now face out from either side.
while your partner stands still and holds the fabric taut, it’s your turn to fold triangles down the line. take the end opposite from the stars and grab the left-hand corner. you’ll want to curl upward so that the edge you’re holding is parallel to the right-hand side of the flag. 
at the point where you folded the stripes should now be crossing each other. this method has formed your first triangle.
the next step is to take the outerside edge of the triangle and fold it over the flag. this should double up your original triangle. continue to do this folding process until you meet the field of stars at the top. as you move up the flag make the folds tight.
from whatever is remaining, tuck into the open slot made between the stars and stripes. you know have a folded triangular flag to display in a nice case!



 
 









contact details 1817 pine street, pittsburgh
pennsylvania, 15219


website pageshome
folding american flag
discarding american flag
about anthem flag
get in touch

legal informationterms of use
dmca policy
privacy policy



latest posts

benefits of shopping at tri equestrian tack shop
darragh hayes fitness instructors
skills to learn if you want to become a motion graphic designer
tips to locate the best t-shirt printing services
how to properly discard the american flag



.





elara by lyrathemes                        

															© 2018 | anthem flag													














