







eric johnson































































































cart
















0
















            digital store
          

              home
            

            tour
          

            about
          

        ej archives
      

        store
      

            music
          

            videos
          

            contact
          















































































cart
















0











digital storehometouraboutej archivesstoremusicvideoscontact


















scroll


















celebrate the music and legacy of jimi hendrix with this all-star line-up coming to a city near you. featuring performances by kenny wayne shepherd, marcus king, christone "kingfish" ingram, zakk wylde (from black label society / ozzy osbourne), eric johnson, devon allman, samantha fish, chris layton (from stevie ray vaughan & double trouble), noah hunt (from kenny wayne shepherd band), mato nanji (from indigenous), ally venable, kevin mccormick (from kenny wayne shepherd band), calvin cooke (from the slide brothers), chuck campbell (from the slide brothers), henri brown, dylan triplett, mathias lattin, and artur menezes plus special guests to be announced.* artist line-up varies in each city. please refer to the tour schedule (by date/venue) at experiencehendrixtour.com.



to see artist line-ups for each show visit experiencehendrixtour.com!



 




 











when you order physical copies of  “the book of making” and “yesterday meets today”,  you'll receive the keys to unlocking access to takeouts - five unreleased songs, and alternate versions of "good to me" and "sitting on top of the world." simply scan the qr code included in your order, and then access the secret takeouts page by using the password provided in the album packaging.























watch the new videos “another one like you”, “move on over”,  “love will never say goodbye”,  and “soundtrack life” from the  albums “the book of making” and “yesterday meets today” available now on blue élan records!

 












    click here to order!
  

preview the singles and add to your playlists at your favorite streaming services here!






































now available for download!save big for a limited time only.get the total eric johnson learning experience with tone, melody & truth and in the jam: eric johnson! buy now individually and save on each, or better yet, grab the bundle including both and save even more! for more information visit the truefire website here!








in lieu of charging for these mini guitar lesson videos i would appreciate very much a donation made to your local food bank. you can also donate at actionagainsthunger.org or feedingamerica.org.  any amount will help someone less fortunate. i am also offering downloadable pdf files containing  tab transcriptions of mini lessons #1, #2, #3, #4, #5, #6, #7, #8, #9, #10, #11, #12, #13, #14 and #15  for sale here!








fender stories collection 1954 virginia stratocaster




    read more 
  



 











new page



book-yesterday



truefire masterclass & in the jam



mini guitar lessons



virginia








 

                   sign up below to subscribe for all the latest news and updates!

 

















































