









the complete guide to new york city's central park





















































 


















 










about central park
find all the information you need to enjoy your visit to new york city’s iconic central park.

iconic central park






about centralpark.org
maps
tours
programs
alerts & closures
food & drink
movies shot in central park
central park casino





restrooms
visitor centers
park history
rules
faq
central park books
central park precinct
central park groups






×









attractions
central park features 843 acres filled with classic architecture, gorgeous statuary and up to date sports, educational and performance facilities. besides all of this there is the world famous central park zoo and wildlife center and the children’s zoo. 
 

get started




alice in wonderland
alexander hamilton
andrew h. green memorial bench
arsenal
balto
bandshell
belvedere castle
bethesda terrace
bethesda fountain – angel of waters
blockhouse
bridges of central park
carousel
cherry hill





conservatory garden
conservatory water
dairy
dana discovery center
delacorte music clock
delacorte theater
dene
duke ellington circle
grand army plaza
great lawn
hallett nature sanctuary
hans christian andersen
harlem meer





heckscher ballfields
heckscher playground
hernshead
lake
lasker pool & rink
loch
loeb boathouse
lombard lamp
mall
north meadow
obelisk
pond
ramble
reservoir
rumsey playfield





shakespeare garden
sheep meadow
still hunt
seneca village
strawberry fields
summit rock
swedish cottage
statues
tanner’s spring
tavern on the green
tennis center
the ramble
turtle pond
wollman rink
zoo






×









things to do
from the philharmonic on the great lawn to shakespeare in the park to summerstage, central park offers an endless array of things to do, see, hear – and, with two full service restaurants and several cafes, taste.  you can visit the shakespeare garden, take in a performance at the swedish cottage marionette theater, take a ride on the carousel – or just sit and people watch at bethesda terrace!

get started




carriage horses
children’s activities
children’s zoo
dating in central park
family activities
ice skating
marionette theater
movies
nature observatory
new york philharmonic





north meadow recreation center
pets
romantic ideas
shakespeare in the park
summerstage
sunbathing
victorian gardens
wedding ceremonies






×









contact us




name


email


request details




contact us







contact info




5th ave. new york, ny, 10028



follow on

followfollowfollow





×












facebook




x




rss


 












circular space 360°
lost in new york
calendar
about
maps
attractions
activities
sports
zoo
contact
 





select page


  
 



 



 















central park's top ten attractions
find out more










central park updates









‘the gates’ returns (digitally) to central park

feb 15, 2025beginning february 12, 2025, visitors to central park can immerse themselves in an augmented reality (ar) rendition of “the gates.” this initiative offers an interactive experience accessible via smartphones. 










2024 new year’s eve midnight run in central park

dec 28, 2024the nyrr midnight run is a cherished new year’s eve tradition in new york city, offering runners a unique way to ring in the new year. organized by the new york road runners (nyrr), this four-mile race takes participants through central park, commencing precisely at midnight.










2024 holiday events in central park

dec 11, 2024central park in december transforms into a winter wonderland, offering a variety of holiday events for locals and visitors alike. whether you’re looking for festive performances, enchanting light displays, or family-friendly activities, there’s something for everyone. 












the iconic central park poster
available now!
two years in the making iconic central park© features over 2,000 colorful icons that form a multi-hued mosaic of beloved park features – from the duke ellington monument in harlem to columbus circle to the penguins in the central park zoo!


iconic central park© comes in standard one-sheet movie-poster size (27" x 40").  it would look superb adorning an apartment wall, featured in a study, a dorm room or even as a teaching tool in a classroom.   just like its namesake iconic central park© will provide countless hours of diversion and inspiration and will enable viewers to enjoy the pleasures of visiting the heart of new york city, no matter where they are.  order yours here.


















this week in central park
time to enjoy the beautiful autumn weather all around central park!   from s stroll through the ramble to ice skating st wollman rink the  park offers a variety of seasonal activities that the entire family can enjoy safely.

ice skating



the ramble









iconic central park poster
available now!
two years in the making iconic central park© features over 2,000 colorful icons that form a multi-hued mosaic of beloved park features – from the duke ellington monument in harlem to columbus circle to the penguins in the central park zoo!



iconic central park© comes in standard one-sheet movie-poster size (27″ x 40″).  it would look superb adorning an apartment wall, featured in a study, a dorm room or even as a teaching tool in a classroom.
just like its namesake iconic central park© will provide countless hours of diversion and inspiration and will enable viewers to enjoy the pleasures of visiting the heart of new york city, no matter where they are.







central park top ten


top ten central park moviestop ten flower spotstop ten most romantic spots in central parktop ten attractions in central park



 movies have been shot in central park for over a century now (the first was “romeo and juliet” in 1908) and the park has played an iconic part in countless films over the years – from “breakfast at tiffany’s” to “home alone 2” to “the avengers”. the park has provided the romantic backdrop for countless classic new york city rom – coms like “when harry met sally” and “serendipity”, and also been used to set the stage for sinister plotting in films like “in the still of the night” and “the spanish prisoner”.  there is perhaps no more versatile and emblematic movie set in all of new york city as central park – and everyone has a favorite movie set in its leafy confines.  the criteria we used in the selection process were admittedly biased, but we did use the results of the best central park movie poll that we’ve run in the past. other factors in judging the results were how the park was depicted in the movie, and, of course, the quality of the film itself.  here is our top ten.

springtime in central park
while central park offers a welcome respite all year round from the surrounding cacophony of urban life, it is during spring that the park really sparkles.  starting at the middle of march, sometimes before the snows of winter have even completely disappeared, you can find snowdrops and crocuses poking up between the leaves and tree roots.  these are soon followed by daffodils and tulips as the entire park erupts in a fragrant display of early flowering pastels.  by mid april the central park landscape is awash in cherry blossoms and magnolia flowers that signal the completed transformation from dreary winter to spring celebration.  here is a countdown of our picks for the ten very best places in the park to view this amazing floral display.
 

from picnics on the north meadow to dinner for two at the boathouse restaurant, central park has always provided a wide choice of sites for a romantic rondesvouz.  here are the the top 10 we’ve chosen as the very best.
shakespeare garden
“away before me to sweet beds of flowers. love-thoughts lie rich when canopied with bowers.”
– count orsino in twelfth night, act i, scene i
a fitting quote to introduce our next pick, one of central park’s hidden gems: the shakespeare garden. nestled between belvedere castle and the swedish cottage, the shakespeare garden first came into existence in 1913. known as the garden of the heart, it was patterned after victorian era rock gardens. then, in 1916, to celebrate the tercentennial of shakespeare’s death, it was rechristened in honor of the bard and only plants mentioned in his plays were planted there. these include columbine, primrose, wormwood, quince, lark’s heel, rue, eglantine, flax and cowslip, many of which sound as if they would be right at home boiling and bubbling in a cauldron. it is in the spring and early summer that the garden comes into its own, bursting with blooms and fragrant blossoms. the shakespeare garden also offers a variety of secluded rustic benches, perfect for the timeless art of canoodling.

top ten attractions in central park
angel of waters – bethesda fountain
central park features an amazing array of attractions and points of interest that engage and inspire the over 25 million annual visitors.  bethesda fountain rises high above bethesda terrace, looking over the hundreds of visitors that come every day to enjoy the view of the lake and relax at the “heart” of central park. the sculpture that tops it, angel of waters, was designed by emma stebbins in 1873 and is one of the most recognizable icons in the entire park.  it is also number four on our list of the top ten attractions in central park.
from columbus circle to grand army plaza to duke ellington circle the park features gardens, world famous performance venues, historic statuary, lakes, ponds and pools.  there are more than thirty bridges and arches, two iconic restaurants, a wildlife refuge, a marionette theater and a real life castle – not to mention the central park zoo.  trying to pick a top ten from the myriad of choices is next to impossible, but here is our list of the top ten attractions in central park.





 







search centralpark.org

search for:





recent posts


‘the gates’ returns (digitally) to central park


2024 new year’s eve midnight run in central park


2024 holiday events in central park


nypd posts drones in central park as part of new program


macy’s thanksgiving day parade viewing – central park


central parkevents
about
directions
history
central park map
news
categoriescategories
select category
after dark
aids walk
alice in wonderland
andrew h. green
animal abuse
architecture
arsenal
art
belvedere castle
benefit
bethesda fouantain
bicycling
birds
boathouse
bridges
camping
canoeing
carousel
carriage horse industry
central park characters
central park poster
central park tv series
central park zoo
cherry hill
christmas
cleopatra’s needle
climate studies
concert
conservatory garden
conservatory water
covid 19
coyotes
crime
discovery center
dogs
earth day
events
fall foliage
family fun
film festival
flowers
food
future
gay pride
global citizen
gma concert series
harlem meer
history
hoax
holiday events
holidays
horses
ice skating
john lennon
kids
lecture
macy’s thanksgiving day parade
marionette theater
monuments
movies
music
nature reserve
new year’s eve
new york philharmonic
nyc marathon
obelisk
pets
picnics
ramble
refreshments
reservoir
romance
safety
sculpture
secrets of central park
seneca village
shakespeare garden
shakespeare in the park
sheep meadow
sledding
snow
sports
statue
strawberry fields
summerstage
swedish cottage
tacky
the gates
theater
top ten
tour
tv show
uncategorized
valentine’s day
virtual tour
weather
wildlife
winter
winter jam
wollman rink
zoo


 



home
about
calendar
news
attractions
activities
tabs
carousel
 






facebook




x




rss


designed by central park web inc.   © 2018 





























