salt lake temple open house  april to october 2027




salt lake temple open house  april to october 202750 n. west temple street, salt lake city, utah temple squareopen daily. free admission.salt lake temple open house celebration  april to october 2027all are welcome to join in the open house celebration to tour the newly renovated salt lake temple and surrounding temple square from april to october 2027.more details about how to participate in this event and the rededication of the salt lake temple will be shared as april 2027 approaches.learn moresign up for open house updatesreceive updates about the salt lake temple open house celebration—sign up with your email to stay connected once information becomes available.email addresssign uptemple square is a center of history and worship for members of the church of jesus christ of latter-day saints. located in downtown salt lake city, utah, temple square encompasses five city blocks of historic sites, engaging exhibits, and wholesome activities centered on the church’s mission to worship jesus christ and serve god’s children. come enjoy beautiful gardens, majestic architecture, and the peace and reverence of this iconic space of worship.what is temple square?temple renovation updatesview allbook a tour of temple squareview in-person and virtual options  templesquare  visittemplesquareplan your visitwhat to expect when visiting temple squaremap and informationtemple square hours of operationupdatesview directions and parkinginformationthings to do on temple squareexperience the majesty of the christus statueconference centerview the salt lake temple renovation effortsjoin us for musical performances and concertsperformancesexperience the music of the tabernacle choir at temple squareconcerttemple square has dozens of events, exhibits, and other experiences to choose from.view all   images of the salt lake temple renovationview renderings of the salt lake temple post-renovation, along with current and past images of the construction.view nowhistory of the salt lake templethe salt lake temple is a landmark and a symbol for the church of jesus christ of latter-day saints. it is considered a sacred place for the worship of the savior jesus christ.explore the temple's storycommon questionsdo i need a ticket to visit temple square?  no, you do not need a ticket to visit temple square. some live performances and events on temple square require tickets. tickets will be available for the salt lake temple open house celebration as april 2027 approaches. if you have questions about tickets, you may contact the temple square ticket office.is there a dress code for temple square?  while temple square is a site with historical and religious significance, there is no specific dress code for visiting. all are welcome to temple square, and we encourage you to dress comfortably for a public outing for your visit.how much does it cost to go to temple square?  temple square is free to everyone. some experiences require a free reservation, and some concerts require free tickets. a few select events on temple square require paid tickets. more information is available on each event, activity, or exhibit.what is there to do at temple square?  temple square is open with many things to see and do, including both self-guided and guided tours. we recommend starting your visit at the conference center, where you can see a cutaway model of the salt lake temple, enjoy beautiful art, and observe the temple renovation project.where can i park to visit temple square?  free validated parking for visitors is available at the conference center. hourly and day parking is also available at city creek center, at the public lot at north and west temple, and at metered parking on surrounding city streets. see more parking options.where are things located on temple square?  temple square is a five-block complex that includes historic buildings, gardens, administrative and office buildings, museums, monuments, libraries, auditoriums, pavilions, and restaurants—all of which are anchored together in the downtown district by the historic salt lake temple. see a downloadable map.temple square ticket officemost events on temple square are free to the public and do not require tickets. free tickets for the salt lake temple open house celebration will be available as 2027 approaches.get tickets