


bonaire hospitality group









































 accommodationsbelmar oceanfront apartmentsbuddy dive resortcaribbean club bonairesun rentals bonaireharbourtown real estatebar & restaurantsblennies restaurant & barhilltop restaurant & barcuba compagnieingridients restaurantit rains fishescoffee companyactivitiesbuddy dive water sportsfishtales bonaireshoppingcaribbean innovation bonairebuddy dive watersportsla placitayour scuba storemoreterramar museum



   home  

















 



 



 



 



 



 

















welcome to the bonaire hospitality group website. it would be nice if you remember our name as this is important to us, because after your initial decision making of choosing for bonaire, you leave everything else in our hands. first and foremost, we are here to assist you in making the best choices that suit the type of traveler you are. then, from the minute you set foot on this beautiful friendly island, it is our pleasure to take care of you. from helping you to choose a stay that best suits your wishes, to the places you want to visit and the activities you have ambitions for.





we are here to offer you
hospitality without limits
as you already may know, almost every visitor to the island is a diver and  sees that the entire island is geared up for incredible scuba experiences. even our official license plates carry the island motto “divers paradise”. with over 80 pristine dive sites to explore, bonaire has consistently been rated the number one shore diving destination in the world. with perfect year round conditions, you can enjoy more than 350 types of fish and 60 different varieties of coral, 365 days of the year.





besides diving, bonaire is perfect for snorkeling, kayaking, windsurfing, kite boarding and sailing or just relaxing soaking the culture. on land there are many great hiking and biking opportunities, where you can take in the flora and fauna up close.
eco adventure is already here, we just need you to complete the picture. bonaire… take only pictures memories and pictures with you, leave only bubbles and footprints behind to fade away.





contact:
info@bonairehospitality.com
00599 717 – 2041



    



© 2025 bonaire hospitality group. all rights reserved.














