



inem - international network for environmental management

















 home  |  
about inem  |  
projects  |  
tools  |  
contact  |  
legal information  |  
privacy policy



events
news
 


|| search








welcome to inem, the international network for environmental managementthis platform is the entry point to the knowledge and offerings of our worldwide network of entrepreneurial sustainability. it gives you access to best practices of environmental management in industries as well as small and medium sized companies. you will find tools for the implementation of iso and emas standards, an international events calendar and more than 6.000 publications on energy, waste and water topics. the international network for environmental management e.v. (inem), founded in 1991, is the world federation of non-profit national business associations for environmental management with about 30 member associations and cleaner production centres in 25 countries.the purpose of this non-for-profit association is the promotion of the protection of the environment, especially of the water, the soil and the air, as well as the protection of animals and plants from ecological damage; the protection of human health; science and scientific research, especially in the field of environmental protection. find further information about inems´goals here.remembrance on laszlo vagdaltit is with
great sadness that i have to announce passing of laszlo vagdalt, our valued
member of board and deputy chairman. on february 15, laszlo at the age of 44 had
to leave this world for which he has been fighting with all his personal and professional
power. 
laszlo graduated
from the forestry highschool in sopron as environmental and energy management
engineer. after working for rába, laszlo spearheaded projects as a person
responsible for environment and sustainability at audi in györ. 
laszlo
vagdalt was president of követ between 2005-2013. at at the same time, he
supported inem in developing its structures and international projects for
environment protection in economic frameworks. laszlo had a great talent to match
environmental and economic needs and in many cases he acted as a relator of
multifaceted stakeholder situations.  since
2005 he served in the inem board and was the elected deputy of the chairman. we
lost a valuable friend and supporter.
our
thoughts are with his family. god may let him rest in peace.
ludwig
karg, chairman




energy awareness campaign in st.petersburg and leningrad oblast cooperation on climate change with local green ngo’s


strategic cooperation with ifc – a contribution to sme toolkit 


the world's oldest and largest business association for environmental management celebrates its 20th anniversary

inem – future oriented new strategy

new south-american member of inem: rades





