


	jeff cuddeback - triple fitness training, inc. > home





















 








 
              | 
          login 
















 home career highlights coaching strategy testimonials tft training tft calendar tft news tft team tft team uniform tft partners triathlon news coaching signup contact jeff



 


































 
 



cuddeback -top 10 all time kona greatest age groupers


b2r shoes!




welcome athletes 
thank you for visiting my web site and inquiring about my triathlon coaching services. an experienced and knowledgeable coach offers you a significant advantage over your competition and can eliminate costly mistakes. a coach is especially important if you are new to the sport; endeavor to excel at a new race distance (such as ironman); or looking for that extra edge that will guide you to the next level.  a good coach too, can provide a unique and objective perspective regarding your strengths and weakness, both physical and mental. 

            coaching, like training, is an evolving process and my coaching philosophy is based on the total experience of my athletic and coaching career.  i have over 40 years of athletic coaching experience and have been coaching triathletes for the past 35 years.  i work with triathletes of all abilities from the complete novice to the very elite including 4 time usa olympian and itu #1 world ranked triathlete hunter kemper, 2005 usa triathlete magazine athlete of the year, marc bonnet-eymard, and 2012, 70.3 40-44 world champion, peggy yetman. additionally, i have coached dozens of athletes to successful iron distance races including more than 40 qualifiers at the  prestigious hawaiian ironman world championship.  

            however, most of my athletes  are regular folks with the common demands of family and career. their goal is to excel at triathlon and also maintain a sense of balance in their life while doing so. one of my abilities is to tailor the athlete’s training program to the demands of the “real world”.  as a working father and husband, i understand the challenges of balancing training with family time and career obligations. you are very busy and training takes up a lot of your time. there is no sense training inefficiently or logging needless miles. my mission is to help you achieve your goals by teaching you to train smarter without sacrificing your entire life to triathlon.  what you should be doing is the minimal training necessary commensurate with your fitness and race goals.  
i have raced extensively at the very highest elite amateur level as well as a professional. with 42 years of triathlon race experience and as a former hawaiian ironman world record holder in three different age groups, i know how to set and achieve goals that are based on reality, not some pie in the sky hope for success.  my racing career contains many race successes that were achieved using my coaching plan  that can work for you.

            as your coach, i will do all in my power to help you achieve your fitness and racing goals.  i promise i will demand from you your very best effort, just as i will give you my best. if you are ready to make the commitment to reach your athletic potential please  register here or contact me directly at the number below.

sincerely,
jeff cuddeback m.a., m.s.

            triple fitness training, inc.

            263 mounts bay court

            longwood, fl  32779

            407-222-9284















 







 















 


































