








brain australia - brain health and longevity





































skip to content



brain australia
brain health and longevity
menu and widgets






search for:





recent posts


why cleaning your house regularly can improve your mental health


why is our brain so important?


recent commentsarchives

august 2017
july 2017

categories

brain health


 







why cleaning your house regularly can improve your mental health 

a positive cleaning habit can improve health greatly. firstly, cleaning engages the body and mind. for those who are new to cleaning, you may find it difficult to exactly understand how it helps your mental and physical health become healthier. clean home environment, clean working space, and clean hands are all essentials which deliver physical and mental health once arranged. you may not understand it since you don’t see the microorganisms with your bare eyes.

if you are self-employed or an employee, cleaning might be such an inconvenience yet, it can exercise your mind and body in many ways. it also gets your mind away from around the house since you’ll be stretching, bending, and scrubbing. it keeps your body flexible and your mind active, and the benefits of these are numerous. besides the stresses of daily life, everybody wants to avoid stress in our home life. when we have a clean, clutter-free, and tidy home, the quality of living changes significantly and our home becomes more immune to diseases.
it is healthy to keep a clean home on a regular basis. not only do clean rugs, upholstery, carpet, furniture and other home belongings provide health benefits, but a clean home will allow you to enjoy your properties for a longer period of time-saving you a lot of money in the long term. moisture located in some areas of the house may contribute to mould growth from increased humidity. for example, certain respiratory care equipment can increase a room’s humidity level because they can produce a lot of mist.
house cleaning if properly performed can have a positive impact on allergies. if the conditions became damp and warm, bacteria can grow while dust mites thrive in the dry conditions. mold, fungi, allergens, dust mites, and mildew are easily and effectively removed with proper cleaning. if regular house cleaning is not done these allergens will be trapped out of the breathing zone and microorganisms can become airborne and infect those who have weak immune systems.
during influenza outbreaks, dreadful germs can live in furniture and upholstery making it practically certain that your household will become infected. ensuring that you keep your house clean is essential to avoid infections and serious health implications that might occur. in addition, indoor air quality is greatly affected by the cleanliness of furniture and upholstery located throughout your house. regular steam cleaning is also beneficial to remove allergens from furniture and upholstery, while also preventing the spread of disease.

in summary, a regularly scheduled house cleaning plan helps to ensure that germs and bacteria are removed from the house creating a decent environment for mental health improvement and minimizing the risk of exposure to infections. more so, in order to improve the air quality in your house, carpets, rugs, upholstery, and furniture should be vacuumed and cleaned regularly. this will be a lasting investment that will increase the overall durability and quality of your home that you and your household will value for many years to come.


posted on 08/06/201708/06/2017 



why is our brain so important? 

one of the largest and more complicated organs in the human body intertwined by a hundred billion nerves, it helps us navigate our body to make sense of everything that revolves around us.
the different departments working together

breathing and sleeping are monitored in the brain stem which is the connection between the spinal cord and the entire brain.
balance and coordination is controlled by the back of the brain called the cerebellum.
thinking begins at the outer layer of neural tissue called the cortex.
movement, emotions and cognitive functions are processed in the basal ganglia located in the center of the brain.
the cerebral cortex in sections called lobes

frontal lobe –    located in the front of the brain and is responsible for reasoning, problem solving and motor skills.  it receives information from other lobes of the brain and processes the information into movement.
parietal lobe – is associated with sensation and processes information such as pain, pressure and touch.  it is located in the middle of the brain.
temporal lobe – located at the bottom of the brain and is responsible for memory and interpreting sound.
occipital lobe – corresponds to visual processing by gathering information from the retinas and interpreting what we see. it is located in the back section of the brain.
brain health
a two year clinical trial of subjects aged between 60-77 years showed that a combination of good nutrition along with social, physical activities and mental exercises slowed cognitive impairment.  based on the australian bureau of statistics (2015) causes of death australia 2015, dementia is the second leading cause of death of australians.

it is never too late to improve your brain health, here are some simple steps to help keep your brain and body healthy:
mental exercises
research has found that mental exercises that challenge your brain helps develop new brain cells.  higher levels of mental exercises are associated with better brain function.
a healthy diet
a healthy diet provides essential nutrients for the brain to develop and function properly.  include a diet high in good fats found in fish, olive oil and walnuts to increase brain cell growth and steer away from saturated fats.
keep your heart healthy
there is a connection between a healthy heart and a healthy brain.  blood vessels in the brain can be damaged due to high blood pressure and high cholesterol. keep these monitored and treat them effectively.
physically active
physical activity keeps your heart pumping and provides increased blood flow to the brain.  it reduces high blood pressure, high cholesterol, diabetes and obesity.
socially active
it is important to be in the company of others in which you enjoy and find common interests.  research suggests being socially active benefits other health factors such as lower risks of depression.


posted on 07/04/201708/06/2017 






proudly powered by wordpress








