




screenwriter and author john august


















































 skip to primary navigation skip to main content skip to primary sidebar skip to secondary sidebarjohn august


arlo finch
scriptnotes
library
store
about
searchfeatured friday: love stinks
february 14, 2025 news
weekend read, our app for reading scripts on your phone, features a new curated collection of screenplays each week.
this week, we dump valentines day and focus on how most love stories end — heartbreak. whether because of cheating, divorce, murder or just naturally drifting apart, these characters all know the pain of relationships not working out, and how annoying it is to be a stupid human being with a stupid heart!
our collection includes:

(500) days of summer by scott neustadter & michael h. weber
amour by michael haneke
anora by sean baker
before midnight by richard linklater, ethan hawke, julie delpy
blood simple by joel coen and ethan coen
blue valentine by derek cianfrance & cami delavigne and joey curtis
call me by your name by james ivory
celeste and jesse forever by rashida jones & will mccormack
crazy stupid love by dan fogelman
crimson peak by matthew robbins & guillermo del toro
eileen by luke goebel and ottessa moshfegh
forgetting sarah marshall by jason segel
gone girl by gillian flynn
grace and frankie – “the end” by marta kauffman & howard j. morris
high fidelity by d.v. de vincentis, steve pink, & john cusack
i’m thinking of ending things by charlie kaufman
it follows by david robert mitchell
john tucker must die by jeff lowell
marriage story by noah baumbach
sex, lies and videotape by steven soderbergh
swingers by jon favreau
the lobster by yorgos lanthimos & efthimis filippou
what lies beneath by clark gregg
you – “pilot” by greg berlanti & sera gamble

read these and other featured collections only on weekend read 2, available on all mac and ios devices. download for free!
say nothing with joshua zetumer


episode - 675




february 11, 2025 scriptnotescraig welcomes writer and showrunner joshua zetumer, creator of the limited series say nothing, to explore the process of dramatizing real events — particularly when the subject matter can be volatile. they discuss how to keep a sprawling historical epic from feeling like a lecture, keeping a consistent tone, humanizing complicated people, and how not to get sued by the people who were really involved.
they also answer listener questions on following up with people after the fires, charting the emotional journey of the audience, and whether writers need to cite their sources when writing about real events.
in our bonus segment for premium members, craig and joshua pretend to be civil engineers and ask, how can we make los angeles function better?
links:

say nothing
joshua zetumer
say nothing: a true story of murder and memory in northern ireland by patrick radden keefe
difficult men by brett martin
please kill me: the uncensored oral history of punk
get a scriptnotes t-shirt!
check out the inneresting newsletter
gift a scriptnotes subscription or treat yourself to a premium subscription!
craig mazin on threads and instagram
john august on bluesky, threads, instagram, and mastodon
outro by nick moore (send us yours!)
scriptnotes is produced by drew marquardt and edited by matthew chilelli.

email us at ask@johnaugust.com
you can download the episode here.
update 2-12-25: the transcript for this episode can be found here.
featured friday: weaving plotlines
february 7, 2025 weekend read
weekend read, our app for reading scripts on your phone, features a new curated collection of screenplays each week.
this week, we look at ensemble movies with multiple plots that all add up to something bigger. it’s extremely difficult to balance, maintain momentum and bring it all together in the end, but looking at the screenplay can offer insights into how these tapestries are woven together.
our collection includes:

american graffiti by george lucas, gloria katz & willard huyck
babel by guillermo arriaga
bad times at the el royale by drew goddard
cloud atlas by a. wachowski, l. wachowski, t. tykwer
crash by paul haggis & robert moresco
dazed and confused by richard linklater
dunkirk by christopher nolan
go by john august
happiness by todd solondz
magnolia by paul thomas anderson
pulp fiction by quentin tarantino & roger avary
the big short by charles randolph and adam mckay
the french dispatch by wes anderson
the meyerowitz stories (new and selected) by noah baumbach
traffic by stephen gaghan

read these and other featured collections only on weekend read 2, available on all mac and ios devices. download for free!
featured friday: 90’s maximalism
january 31, 2025 weekend read
weekend read, our app for reading scripts on your phone, features a new curated collection of screenplays each week.
this week, we look at those over-the-top explosive epics of the 90’s that pushed the limits of the form (and good taste), wore their hearts on their sleeves, and made movies bigger in every way.
our collection includes:

armageddon by robert roy pool
con air by scott rosenberg
face/off by mike werb & michael colleary
the fifth element by luc besson & robert mark kamen
the rock by david weisberg & douglas cook and mark rosner
titanic by james cameron
total recall by ronald shusett & dan o’bannon
wild wild west by s. s. wilson & brent maddock and jeffrey price & peter s. seama
william shakespeare’s romeo + juliet by craig pearce and baz luhrmann

read these and other featured collections only on weekend read 2, available on all mac and ios devices. download for free!
next page »primary sidebar

latest episode





scriptnotes | ep. 675 say nothing with joshua zetumer




craig welcomes writer and showrunner joshua zetumer, creator of the limited series say nothing, to explore the process of dramatizing real events — particularly when the subject matter can be volatile. they discuss how to keep a sprawling historical epic from feeling like a lecture, keeping a consistent tone, humanizing complicated people, and how not […] 

listen now
episode archive






scriptnotes premium


  bonus segments and episodes
  early access to events
  450+ episode back catalog
  use your favorite podcast player.


join now



newsletter



	a quote-unquote newsletter about writing


read now





explore

projects

aladdin (1)

arlo finch (27)

big fish (88)

charlie (39)

charlie's angels (16)

chosen (2)

corpse bride (9)

dead projects (18)

frankenweenie (10)

go (30)

karateka (4)

monsterpocalypse (3)

one hit kill (6)

ops (6)

preacher (2)

prince of persia (13)

shazam (6)

snake people (6)

tarzan (5)

the nines (118)

the remnants (12)

the variant (22)


apps

bronson (14)

fdx reader (11)

fountain (32)

highland (72)

less imdb (4)

weekend read (60)


recommended reading

first person (88)

geek alert (150)

wga (162)

workspace (19)


screenwriting q&a

adaptation (66)

directors (90)

education (49)

film industry (491)

formatting (129)

genres (90)

glossary (6)

pitches (29)

producers (59)

psych 101 (118)

rights and copyright (96)

so-called experts (47)

story and plot (170)

television (164)

treatments (21)

words on the page (238)

writing process (178)


more screenwriting q&a at screenwriting.io


secondary sidebar


© 2025 john august — all rights reserved.





