


the former site of 'lanl: the real story'




















    
    the former site of 'lanl: the real story'
    
  






wednesday, april 20, 2011



     
     update!
     
    


please check out my new book, second cousins on amazon.com.  yes, motorcycles are involved.  no music, though. 
you can read about it here.


 
from the "dust jacket" of the book:

24,000 years ago during the last ice age, what is now white sands national monument in southern new mexico was then a 1,600 square mile lake which geologists have named lake otero. gradually the weather became drier and warmer as the ice age retreated, and the gypsum that had been dissolved in the lake deposited out as the lake dried up, leaving the modern-day pure white dunes of gypsum sand.

at the southern end of this range of dunes on what is now part of the white sands missile range, the sands have drifted, exposing something that should not have been there.
________________

 cheers,

--doug



posted by doug roberts at 7:48 am
0 comments






saturday, february 23, 2008



     
     requiem
     
    


it has been a year and a half since the closing post on lanl, the real story.

the lanl i knew and worked at for 20 years is dead.  in honor of the deceased, please join me in a requiem* celebration by visiting my new music blog, the santa fe music scene blog.

cheers,

--doug

*req·ui·em     (rěk'wē-əm, rē'kwē-)
n.    
requiem roman catholic church a mass for a deceased person.
a musical composition for such a mass.





posted by doug roberts at 10:31 am
0 comments






wednesday, december 13, 2006



     
     lanl blog has successor
     
    


abq journal, santa fe editionwednesday, december 13, 2006lanl blog has successorby john arnoldjournal staff writer    "the blog" is back.    an anonymous "labbie" has resurrected a web log that invites publicdiscussion about the inner workings of los alamos national laboratory.    the new blog, titled "lanl: the corporate story," is meant to be asuccessor to "lanl: the real story," a popular internet discussion forumthat criticized lab management and operations through mostly anonymous postsfrom lab workers.    the original forum, known in los alamos simply as "the blog," shut downlast summer.    doug roberts, the former lanl computer scientist who created andmaintained "lanl: the real story," is not involved in the new site, but hesaid "a sometimes-contributor" to his blog had created a followup forumabout lanl and its new corporate manager, los alamos national security.    the operator of the new blog— who identifies himself as a "labbie" anduses the pseudonym "pat, the dog"— posted his first entry tuesday.    "the bureaucratic constipation has not been relieved by 'privatization'or 'corporatization,' as some prefer to call it," the moderator writesbefore inviting comments on hot-button lab issues like layoffs, budgetrestraints, pit production, safety and security.    los alamos national security— a management team led by engineering giantbechtel national and the university of california— took over management ofthe lab in june.    soon afterward, roberts shut his blog down.    before that, uc had been the lab's only manager since lanl's inceptionduring world war ii.    roberts created his blog in the wake of the infamous 2004 lab shutdown,when former lanl director pete nanos brought work to a halt following aseries of safety and security infractions.    the web site hosted lively, sometimes-angry discussions about lanlproblems and became a magnet for lanl workers, journalists, scholars andwatchdogs searching for unfiltered information on the lab.    the new forum can be found athttp://lanl-the-corporate-story.blogspot.com.



posted by doug roberts at 8:44 am
0 comments






tuesday, december 12, 2006



     
     new lanl blog
     
    


a sometimes-contributor to the old lanl, the real story blog sent me an email stating that, after much consideration, he had decided to start a follow-on blog about lanl and the new corporate presence there.  so, without further fanfare, please feel free to visit "lanl: the corporate story" at http://lanl-the-corporate-story.blogspot.com/.--doug



posted by doug roberts at 3:30 pm
1 comments






tuesday, july 18, 2006



     
     lanl: the real story
     
    


the lanl blog has been moved to its final resting place, here.--doug



posted by doug roberts at 1:20 pm
72 comments











about me

name:  doug roberts 
location:  santa fe, new mexico, united states 
main player horn:  1921 buescher c-melody gold and silver plate, beechler diamond inlay 8s tenor mouthpiece.

tenor sax: 1944 conn 10m silver plate, jody jazz hr 7* traditional hard rubber mouthpiece.

bari: 1954 king zephyr pro, otto link mouthpiece.

c melody: 1923 conn nickel-plate, phil barone piece.
view my complete profile

links

archived version of lanl, the real story
recent motorcycle ride to alberta, canada

previous posts

update!
requiem
lanl blog has successor
new lanl blog
lanl: the real story

archives

july 2006
december 2006
february 2008
april 2011









 




 


