






autonomedia





























































 skip to navigation
skip to content




autonomedia



 
autonomedia bookstore
recent books
contact autonomedia
get a catalog
my cart
my account
moronarchy group
interactivist info exchange
 









recent books 


2025 autonomedia calendar of jubilee saints: radical heroes for the new millennium!add to cartprice: $10.002025 autonomedia calendar of jubilee saints: radical heroes for the new millennium!
artwork by james koehnline and text by the sacred congregation for universal jubilation
now in full color! autonomedia’s jubilee saints calendar for 2025! our 33rd annual wall calendar. hundreds of radical cultural and political heroes are celebrated here, along with the animating ideas that continue to guide this project a reprieve from the 500-year-long sentence to life-at-hard-labor that the european colonization of the new world and the ensuing devastations of the rest of the world has represented. it is increasingly clear at the dawn of this new millennium that the planetary work machine will not rule forever! celebrate with this calendar on which every day is a holiday!
isbn: 9781570274336
saddlestitched, full color, 16″x11.75″, 32 pages, $10
but two, get one free!
...  read more about: 2025 autonomedia calendar of jubilee saints: radical heroes for the new millennium!  »one step short of crazy: “national treasure” and the landscape of american conspiracy culture, by payton mccarty-simasadd to cartprice: $13.95one step short of crazy: national treasure and the landscape of american conspiracy culture, by payton mccarty-simas
“there’s a lot of crazy stuff on the internet, but that’s what i heard.” — andrew, lyft driver
“one step short of crazy, what do you get?” — benjamin franklin gates, national treasure
in this extended essay, film critic payton mccarty-simas explores the surprisingly tangled relationship between the thriving ecosystem of american conspiracy theory online and the national treasure franchise. beginning with a critical analysis of the films’ own dense narrative relationships to several famous conspiracy theories, mccarty-simas then turns to the way the films have themselves become a part of the framework for a range of conspiracies online, on the history channel, and in our culture more broadly. this investigation is a trip down the rabbit hole, from qanon forums, to millenarian podcasts, to “9/11 truth” twitter, to new age youtube channels, to, of course,... read more about: one step short of crazy: “national treasure” and the landscape of american conspiracy culture, by payton mccarty-simas  »read my lips: political advertisement 1952–2024, by muntadas & reeseadd to cartprice: $14.95read my lips: political advertisement 1952–2024, by muntadas & reese
political advertisement is a 40-year-long video project by antoni muntadas and marshall reese. every four years, coinciding with the u.s. presidential elections since 1984, muntadas and reese compile and update their anthology, tracing the history of political advertising from its origins in 1952 to the present.
the campaign spots are shown without commentary. the latest version debuts one week before election day. in 2020, during the pandemic, the artists streamed their 10th version on the east and west coasts in conversation with curators and political scientists over zoom.
the phrase “read my lips,” the title of this collection, is taken from george h. w. bush’s acceptance speech at the 1988 republican convention, which bill clinton’s campaign appropriated in a campaign ad in 1992. read my lips is edited from talks* with bill horrigan, chief curator, the wexner center, rick prelinger, filmmaker and founder of the prelinger archives,... read more about: read my lips: political advertisement 1952–2024, by muntadas & reese  »war of dreams: a field guide to diy psyops, by jason rodgersadd to cartprice: $23.95war of dreams: a field guide to diy psyops, by jason rodgers
“i am interested in ideas that don’t fit…
the limitations of an alien reality must be smashed.
it isn’t important to reach the masses, instead we want a growing lunatic fringe, schizoid anarchs who are uncontrollable and irresistible.”
isbn: 978-1-570-27-420-6
6 x 9 inch trim, paperbound
336 pages, $23.95
...  read more about: war of dreams: a field guide to diy psyops, by jason rodgers  »after the holocene planetary politics for commoners, by gene rayadd to cartprice: $19.95after the holocene planetary politics for commoners, by gene ray
capitalist modernity has ended the holocene. the epoch of planetary
heating and climate chaos has begun. business-as-usual is
leading to hothouse earth and mass extinction, but how to pull the
emergency brake on the extraction and techno-acceleration regime?
alternatives exist, but the capitalist classes are blocking them. this
book argues that one such alternative, commoning, offers first steps
on a pathway to metabolic sanity and collective self-rescue. as the
mutualist and more-than-human association of direct producers,
commons ecologies will be a necessary and buildable factor in the
strategic struggle to disarm, power down and abolish capitalism.
isbn:9781570274244 226pp. 5.5”x8.5” $19.95
...  read more about: after the holocene planetary politics for commoners, by gene ray  »the bookstore book, by ron kolmadd to cartprice: $15.00the bookstore book, by ron kolm
ron kolm has worked in new york city bookstores for over 50 years. he met a number of celebrities while working in various stores over the years, among them philip roth, norman mailer, gregory corso, allen ginsberg, and the former governor of california, jerry brown, who figure in pieces in the book.
isbn: 978-1-66640-206-3
paperbound, 98 pages, $15.00
...  read more about: the bookstore book, by ron kolm  »1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
…
116
next »





about autonomedia 
about autonomedia
autonomedia is an autonomous zone for arts radicals in both old and new media. we publish books on radical media, politics, and culture that seek to transcend party lines, bottom lines and straight lines. we have produced the documentary film in the sky’s wild noise. we also maintain the facebook group moronarchy, and the interactivist info exchange,  online forums for discourse and commentary on themes relevant to the books we publish.
2025 autonomedia calendars of jubilee saints, now in full color,  are now shipping.
buy two, get one free!
keep up-to-date on new releases and special offers from autonomedia.
join our mailing list.
many autonomedia books can be ordered through our secure online bookstore, as well as through ak distribution, small press distribution, and now pm press. outside of north america,  our distributor is turnaround distribution in london. in manhattan, some of our books are available at bluestockings books. in brooklyn, at property is theft (p.i.t.).


bookstore note 


bookstore note: our bookstore is secure, working fine, and can take all major credit cards via paypal… and we ship all over the planet…
as always, thanks for your solidarity, patience and support for this all-volunteer effort!
autonomedia is an anti-profit radical media collective with 501(c)3 tax-exempt status. contributions from interested and supportive individuals or organizations are most welcome and are tax-free to the limits of the law.
the autonomedia collective




log in
username or email address


password

 remember me








        © all rights reserved autonomedia 2025    



my account 

search 
search× 


cart				0
























































