


lake tahoe - official vacation guide

















































































lake tahoe events


 


home
weather
maps
blog






recreation

north lake tahoe
south lake tahoe


leisure

north lake tahoe
south lake tahoe


lodging

north lake tahoe
south lake tahoe


nightlife

north lake tahoe
south lake tahoe


restaurants

north lake tahoe
south lake tahoe
truckee


real estate

north lake tahoe
south lake tahoe
truckee


travel
photos & videos
 




lake tahoe - your adventure starts here.


lake tahoe lodging
 

 
lake tahoe offers a variety of lodging choices from quaint cabins to five star resorts, vacation rentals to casino lodging ...learn more


lake tahoe real estate
 

 
owning a piece of lake tahoe real estate is a dream many people come to fulfill. if it is yours too then start here ...learn more





lake tahoe recreation
 

 
outdoor enthusiasts dreams come true with tahoe's mix of ski resorts, golfing, hiking, beaches and biking ...discover tahoe!


lake tahoe leisure
 

 
come unwind under the blue skies of lake tahoe. take part in the many leisurely activities that only tahoe can deliver ...start chillin.





real estate specialists

south lake tahoe real estate search california & nevada listings.

truckee real estate search the greater truckee area.
northstar real estate  specializing in northstar homes for sale





recent headlines

lake tahoe sledding, tubing and snowparks, oh my!
 

north lake tahoe sledding,
tubing and snowparks
guaranteed family fun! north lake tahoe snowparks offer pristine snow conditions for wintertime entertainment. giggle and laugh as you slip and slide your way down slick snowy hills, build a snowman, and have a snowball fight! many snow play areas are free, and those that charge a fee also give you great perks such as magic carpets, tow lifts up the hill and snack bars.... read more » 


lake tahoe cross country skiing and snowshoeing
it’s time to get out and enjoy the great winter wonderland lake tahoe has to offer. cross country skiing or snowshoeing is one of the best ways to do so. if you are looking for a good workout, gorgeous forest setting and/or lake tahoe views then take a peak at these popular lake tahoe cross country skiing and snowshoeing areas. many of these centers offer snowshoe and ski rentals, helpful tips,  guided tours and... read more » 


lake tahoe snowmobiling
your lake tahoe snowmobiling adventure awaits! explore the great outdoors and experience the natural beauty of lake tahoe as you speed through pristine mountain meadows and wind your way among snow-crusted pine trees. lake tahoe snowmobile tours are designed for all ages and abilities. north lake tahoe snowmobiling tours will lead you into tahoe national forest with over 200 miles of trails to explore, plus play areas and... read more » 


lake tahoe cross country skiing guide
you have found it! your guide to lake tahoe cross country skiing and snowshoeing trails and parks.
gracefully carved over hundreds of years into the sierra’s is a place for those with a sense of adventure and curiosity. that is: lake tahoe. hidden in plain sight are locations that provide some of the best cross country skiing and snowshoeing terrains in the western united states. whether you are trying to workout, strap... read more » 


lake tahoe tubing, sledding and snow parks guide
lake tahoe tubing, sledding and snow parks guide – discover the best snow tubing and sledding hills in the lake tahoe basin. let us be your guide!
snowpark conditions vary depending on current snow conditions – we recommend you call ahead.
south lake tahoe tubing, sledding and snow parks
south lake tahoe seems primarily like an “adult” getaway what with all those lights and casinos. but, in actuality, there are... read more » 


























lake tahoe news & reviews
popular area lakes
 
























site map   •   advertising opportunities   •   contact us
			©2025 all rights reserved
		


connect with us...









 









