

cornerstone academy










to cornerstone academy!

our goal is to train up our children in the fear and admonition of the lord, so that they come to know and trust christ in all things, and are adequately prepared for the calling he has on their lives, and that they, in turn will pass on their faith someday to their children.
"behold, i am laying in zion a stone, a tested stone, a precious cornerstone for the foundation, firmly placed.  he who believes in it will never be dismayed."  isa. 28:16

alot has changed for us since we first created this site when our oldest was in kindergarten.  now eric is working for neighborhood christian school - where j1 & j3 are attending.  eric teaches 4th grade - j1 is in 5th grade and j3 is in kindergarten.  j2 is still homeschooling with me and we are working with an isp called almaden valley christian school in san jose.  avcs specializes in helping parents who are homeschooling kids with special needs.
i would love to have all three boys home with me but j2 needs alot of extra attention.  we are hoping that j1 and j3 might be home next year.  however, in the meantime we are totally blessed to have the christian school available to us!
also, while i'm not busy being wife and mom, i'm blessed to be working at home for the old schoolhouse magazine.  i don't write, my work is very much behind the scenes.  i love it!  the people are great - i get to learn about lots of wonderful homeschool resources - and you can't beat working in your pjs! :)  and, hey - i have a homeschool blog - why not drop by to see what we are doing for school!  if you'd like your own homeschool blog - just head over to homeschoolblogger.com and sign up!  be sure and let me know your address so i can visit you too!


also check out,
why we chose to homeschoolour goals and daily schedule (we hope :-)
our collection of links for homeschooling preschool and kindergarten - links i collected when the boys were younger
and our kids' link page.  the boys are allowed to visit the sites listed on this page only.


homeschooling in california links:

wache - woodland area christian home educators.the local support group to which we belong.
california homeschool network
christian home educator's association (calif)
homeschool christian.com
homeschool association of california
california education code

curriculum:
our current curriculum choices:
beautiful feet
miquon math
considering god's creation (science)
pathway readers
teach your child to read in 100 easy lessons
explode the code
wordly wise
other curriculums we used or considered:
ambleside online
five in a row a unit-study approach that uses literature. you read one book 5 days in a row (sounds like a good title doesn't it!) and each day you have different activities. we will be using before five in a row as a homeschool readiness program for our 4 yr old.
greenleaf press
doorposts "plants grown up" projects for sons on the road to manhood. bible based, parent-designed, family tested products to help you apply scripture in your home.
konos a great unit-study curriculum
math-u-see where seeing is understanding! a low-cost manipulative-based k-11 curriculum.
sonlight curriculum
write-ready
handwriting without tears


resources:
the old schoolhouse magazine christian magazine - my favorite part is the letters of encouragement from homeschooling families.

homeschool legal defense association news, facts, information, state laws and more. check it out!
r.o.c.k. solid online catalog
timberdoodle a wonderful collection of products for your homeschooling needs! i was very impressed with the service i received!!
enchanted learning -  produces children's educational web sites and games which are designed to capture the imagination while maximizing creativity, learning, and enjoyment.

used curriculum sites:

curriculum recycler where you can place an add or find materials!
homeschoolers curriculum swap


some worksheet links
teacher worksheets includes word searches and worksheets for math, social studies, reading, science, art, and language arts.
school express social studies, phonics, math, geogrophy, science, and language arts
puzzlemaker (from discoveryschool.com)puzzlemaker is a puzzle generation tool for teachers, students and parents. create and print customized word search, crossword and math puzzles using your word lists. build your own maze or print our specialty hand-drawn mazes created around holidays and classroom topics.
the internet educational workbook provides a large mathematics database which is useful for practicing and sharpening various skills for the student in kindergarten through grade 6. 
great worksheets and activities for teaching about the human body -- includes wordsearches, mazes, codes, crossword puzzles, printable bookmarks, internet scavenger hunt sheets, coloring pages, fill-ins, games, lesson plans, and more. tons of stuff here!






this site is a member of webring. 
to browse visit 
here.


cornerstone academy main page
our goals | 
why we homeschool









