















	fort lewis college in durango, colorado

































































alumni

foundation
                        

give







search




search












                  quick links
                  













common links



a-z directory


campus map & directions


library


news


events


phone directory





prospective students



admission


admitted students


majors & programs


tuition & aid


virtual tour





current students



canvas


handshake job search


skyhawk station


student clubs & events


thefort





faculty & staff



faculty & staff


academic affairs


human resources


webmail


workday


















about flc 

about fort lewis college
about durango
campus webcams
fast facts
initiatives & partnerships
leadership



academics 

academics at fort lewis college
undergraduate majors
graduate studies
academic calendar
course catalog
schools & departments
academic hub
undergraduate research



admission 

undergraduate admission
admitted students
admission portal
graduate students
post-baccalaureate teacher licensure
visit campus



tuition & aid 

affording flc
financial aid
net price calculator
scholarships
student billing & cashiering



life at flc

student life
housing & dining
sports & recreation
student services
health &  safety
parents & families



athletics






                  alumni
                  



                  foundation
                  



                  give
                  













campus is closed
flc campus is closed today, 2/14, due to severe weather. essential staff report as directed by their supervisor.






 


                find your place at fort lewis college
            

                  southwestern colorado's crossroad of education and adventure
            

apply today
visit campus
request info













            welcome to fort lewis college
            


our beautiful mountain campus in durango, colorado, inspires an active and friendly community. we offer transformative learning experiences that foster entrepreneurship, leadership, and creativity.







rankings









aisestop 200 collegesfor indigenous students











princeton reviewbest green colleges











u.s. news & world reporttop public schoolsin the west






academics







                                                    60
                                                

majors









                                                    98%
                                                

of tenured faculty have highest degree in their field









                                                    4
                                                

programs in the top 10 according to schools.com






classes







                                                    19
                                                

average class size









                                                    100%
                                                

classes with fewer than 50 students









                                                    15:1
                                                

student to faculty ratio






campus







                                                    1,602
                                                

campus residents









                                                    300+
                                                

miles of trails to hike and bike









                                                    5
                                                

world-class ski resorts within driving distance























                check out amazon prime's series featuring flc
            





iyahna calton, psychology major, minors in criminology & pre-law 
discover the magic of fort lewis college in "episode one" of the college tour, streaming on amazon prime and roku! 
hosted by amazing race star alex boylan, this episode showcases ten incredible flc students sharing their unique experiences. explore the breathtaking durango location, supportive community, and exceptional career preparation. tune in to get inspired and start your journey with fort lewis college today!




                                    tune into the college tour
                                










happening on campus

all events










featured stories








fort lewis college earns carnegie’s new “research colleges and universities” designation
 the new classification highlights institutions that invest at least $2.5 million annually in research and development. 
continue reading










sharing food and traditions, flc students build community while honoring black history month
 few things bring people together like cooking a meal, sharing a table, and moving to the rhythm of familiar beats. at fort lewis college, students have been doing just that during black history month—connecting through food, music, and culture in celebrations that highlight both the richness of black heritage and the intersections between different communities on campus.
continue reading










flc’s melissa mount honored with case district individual achievement award
 melissa mount, vice president for advancement and ceo of the fort lewis college foundation, has been recognized with the 2025 case district vi chief executive leadership award for her work in fundraising and institutional advancement.
continue reading










flc alumna rashinda billie wins the milken educator award, the “oscars” of teaching
 billie, (education, '14; m.a. cultural and linguistically diverse education, '24), was recognized with the milken educator award for her impact in new mexico classrooms. at flc, billie enjoyed getting hands-on experience early on. "i wasn’t just learning about teaching—i was seeing it firsthand, working with students and figuring out what kind of teacher i wanted to be.”
continue reading










flc's new vp of enrollment brings personal history and passion to the role
 a first-gen student who grew up in rural a rural massachusetts town, jess savage credits the power of mentorship—with inspiring her life’s work. 
continue reading








                  fort lewis college earns carnegie’s new “research colleges and universities” designation
  				


                  sharing food and traditions, flc students build community while honoring black history month
  				


                  flc’s melissa mount honored with case district individual achievement award
  				


                  flc alumna rashinda billie wins the milken educator award, the “oscars” of teaching
  				


                  flc's new vp of enrollment brings personal history and passion to the role
  				





















fort lewis college


1000 rim drive
durango, co 81301



tel: 877-352-2656


                  fax: 970-247-7179
                  





contact admission


media relations



media kit


open records




tools



canvas


thefort


webmail


workday


flc mobile app





administration



digital accessibility


accreditation


emergency information


employment


land acknowledgment


mission  & values


policy library


student consumer information





follow flc






























copyright 2025 by fort lewis college, durango, colorado





privacy


tops


admin login












josh emerson

josh emerson
economics major
“having questions and being able to talk directly with your professor – those are the conversations that have made me a better student, a better economist, and a better man.”
explore academics




emma cooley

emma cooley
biology major
"my professors know who i am and really care about me which is such a valuable part of my time here."
explore academics




dylan holt

dylan holt
business administration major
"every day i experience new things here and i am constantly growing because of it."
explore life at flc




matthew bingman

matthew bingman
chemistry major
"the [chemistry] department really reinforced the necessary skills that it’s going to take to be successful. you have to be tenacious, do the hard work, and be willing to put in the extra time."
explore academics




tiarney andreas

tiarney andreas
psychology and sociology major
"getting involved is what made me feel at home here at fort lewis."
explore clubs & organizations




charlie brockway

charlie brockway
enironmental studies major
"take the risk of trying something new... i think life would be pretty stagnant without adventure"
explore recreational services




ethan vlchek

ethan vlchek
exercise physiology major
"for me i dance on the theatre stage in the morning, then go play football in the afternoon. everyone here understands that we come from different places, but we use that and come together to learn and get better."
explore athletics




maddie sanders

maddie sanders
communication design major
"at flc, i got that hands-on experience you need for the real world. i learned how to use what i was learning in the classroom and, through my internship, i got to use that in real-time."
explore academics




tyler gleason

tyler gleason
theatre k-12 education major
“i feel like the [playfest] experience has really prepared me to work in a professional setting...and the best part is that playfest, and any theatre for that matter, brings us together as a community into one space, no matter how we identify.”
explore arts & culture




iyahna calton

iyahna calton
psychology major
"there are alternative ways of life here at flc that you won't find in the mainstream colleges."
explore life at flc
































