








medical microbiology & immunology – university of wisconsin – madison – uw–madison
















































skip to main content

university of wisconsin–madison






uw crest









medical microbiology & immunology

university of wisconsin – madison




search






menu
open menu


close





home
people
expand


collapse



administrative staff
emeritus
faculty
graduate students
lab managers
postdoctoral researchers
research staff
full directory
meet our researchers


research areas
expand


collapse



overview
bacterial pathogenesis
fungal pathogenesis
immunology
parasitology
symbiosis
virology
meet our researchers


resources
programs
expand


collapse



graduate program: microbiology doctoral training program
postdoctoral training opportunities
undergraduate courses


news
expand


collapse



all news
campus news
department news
newsletter archive


events
expand


collapse



events calendar
department retreat
mmi seminar series
perlman symposium


 





hawaiian bobtail squid
© r. isenberg, mandel lab



an egg infected with bioluminescent influenza virus
© a. mehle, mehle lab



confocal micrograph of e. coli infected mouse bladder cells
© r. welch, welch lab



zebrafish t-cells highlighted green against red blood vessels
© tanner robertson, huttenlocher lab



micro ct of bone erosion in b. melitensis infected mouse
© judy smith, smith lab



fungus hyphae and spores in bat skin cells
© klein lab






 


 
the mission of the department of medical microbiology & immunology is to provide comprehensive scientific instruction to students, conduct novel and meaningful research, and offer consultation and service in microbiology and immunology as they relate to human health and disease.

 
 
 
 




since its founding in 1935, the department of medical microbiology & immunology has significantly advanced the study of infectious diseases and immunity. our renowned faculty lead research on bacterial, fungal, protozoan, and viral pathogens such as toxoplasma gondii, neisseria gonorrhoeae, mycobacterium sp., brucella sp., listeria, blastomyces, aspergillus, cryptococcus neoformans, candida, influenza virus, herpes simplex, enterohemorrhagic e. coli, and uropathogenic escherichia coli. they also explore immunological topics including regulatory t cell biology, leukocyte migration and vaccine development. additionally, the department study the roles of diet, the immune system and the gut-brain-axis in the intestinal microbiome.
we offer undergraduates rigorous coursework and research opportunities, and our nationally acclaimed microbiology doctoral training program allows graduate students to earn a ph.d.

 
 
 
 





nancy keller, phd
“i was inspired to go to graduate school, majoring in plant pathology, from my years as a peace corps volunteer in lesotho, a country in southern africa.”
meet nancy!



meet our researchers!

 




curtis brandt, phd
“i have been a member of a band called the herpetic legion for several years.  it is a group of herpes virologists that play every year at the international herpes virus workshop.”
meet curtis!

 




jing fan, phd
“be kind to yourself, be kind to others. enjoy the experience of being a scientist and a student, the experience full of excitement, curiosity, stress, challenges, and fulfillment.”
meet jing!

 
 
 
 


 
diversity is a source of strength, creativity, and innovation for uw–madison. we value the contributions of each person and respect the profound ways their identity, culture, background, experience, status, and abilities enrich the university.

 
 
 
 


upcoming events 

feb
28




mmi seminar series: juliet morrison

february 28, 2025 @ 12:00 pm cst - 1:00 pm cst
                            
                            1520 msb  




mar
04




mhd trainee research seminar

march 4, 2025 @ 3:00 pm cst - 4:00 pm cst
                            
                            6201 msb  




mar
18




mhd trainee seminar

march 18, 2025 @ 3:00 pm cdt - 4:00 pm cdt
                            
                            6201 msb  




mar
21




mmi seminar series: andreas baumler

march 21, 2025 @ 12:00 pm cdt - 1:00 pm cdt
                            
                            1520 msb  


more events 
more

 

recent newsresources for uw-madison students and employees2:15 pm monday, dec. 16 the city of madison issued a statement about the abundant life school shootingthat took place earlier today, including additional resources for anyone affected. 1 pm monday, dec. 16 the university …nancy keller featured in the scientisthow a moldy cantaloupe took fleming’s penicillin from discovery to mass production alexander fleming’s 1928 discovery of a mold with antibacterial properties was only the first serendipitous event on the long road to penicillin as …prioritizing mental health on world mental health daytoday, on world mental health day, we want to take a moment to acknowledge something we often forget in the rush of our daily lives: mental health matters to all of us. it’s easy to …more department news posts 
more

 
 
 
 







            medical microbiology & immunology fund          



            rod welch distinguished lectureship fund          



            microbiology doctoral training program fund          



 
 
 
 




site footer content




university logo that links to main university website













































part of the universities of wisconsin
 
quick linksimmunology at wisconsin
mmi directory
microbiology doctoral training program
microbes in health and disease training grant
msb homepage
perlman symposium
uw homepage
uw search
virtual speaker registration form
speaker registration form


contact usmicrobial sciences building
1550 linden drive 
madison, wi 53706-1521

 map
map marker



x twitter


youtube

 

website feedback, questions or accessibility issues: dwh-mmi@lists.wisc.edu | learn more about accessibility at uw–madison.
this site was built using the uw theme | privacy notice | © 2025 board of regents of the university of wisconsin system.














