

















optimum choices-holistic resource for people and pets











 



     




 



 


 
 


 

  


		optimum choices


if you or your pet have 
		experienced amazing results, please post it on our
		
		facebook page by clicking the image above.


  
 
 

 



		100+ years holistic experience




 

 


 






 
 


 

 


 
 


 






			accept credit cards online 



 
 


 
 


    
 







healthy choices
		for people and pets



customer service

		what is live holistichat?


 



























are you:






taking multiple remedies 
							with little to no results?




taking an ever increasing amount of a supplement 
	just to
							obtain the same results?




experiencing 
							symptoms that come back after you 
							
							discontinue a supplement?




taking over a dozen supplements and do not even 
	know if any of them are working?




spending a fortune on 
							supplements and wish you could 
							cut back without sacrificing your health?

 

 
 




						click video 
						for
								
								whole food product vs. supplement differences.



if you 
				answered. yes, to any of the above questions, 
				then 
				you've come to the right website!




  
				
















russell's video introduces 
freedom from illness





					 



					out of the ashes of chernobyl 
					comes the world's most 
					revolutionary "wholistic" discovery.




					 







optimum 
			choices is a trusted (founded 2002) holistic resource for 
people and pets, specializing in holistic pet 
			needs. let 
			optimum choices’ 100+ years of wholistic experience 
			help you make the right choices for your family (including 4-legged, 
furry children). many of the
			myths about pet nutrition 
			are debunked by our years of experience and research. rather than 
offering natural, isolated supplements that just "fix" the symptoms, we focus 
on whole superfood products that balance the whole 
body so you and your pets can achieve freedom from illness. most supplements only correct a deficiency, have
			side effects and do nothing to balance the 
whole body. 
			our experience and research, insure you get
world-class holistic products that work 
for both people and pets; backed by reliable 
			manufacturers with proven track records.
do not just take our word; here is what our clients 
			say:












i am so thankful i was introduced to your revolutionary, 
		holistic bio-algae concentrates and for 
saving cali’s life.
—deb


i owe it all to the bio-algae concentrates 
- it truly saved my dog’s life. thank you so much.


—zach & gator
 













we had a cat that came to our hospital that had not 
eaten in 4 days. all lab tests and blood work were negative. further
examination found absolutely nothing wrong with the cat but it was still 
dying. i never figured out what was wrong with the cat but the owner was 
		very thankful that bio-algae 
		concentrates
		literally saved his cat’s life.
dr. michael king, dvm
		canyon animal hospital
our german shepherd mix had a 
mast cell 
		cancer tumor on its paw. the vet partially removed the tumor and 
		then we started giving bio-algae 
		concentrates.  after 
				ten weeks the tumor entirely disappeared and the hair had grown 
				back. the vet gave him a clean bill of health and said, “no 
				visible recurrence of tumor.”
				—lorraine may
www.mishamayfoundation.org 















my 
		two year old standard poodle, hubie, started to develop 
fatty tumors (lipomas) 
		under the skin. as hubie got older, they continued to develop and they 
		peaked in numbers at more than ten. giving
		bio-algae concentrates over 
		three months was enough to cause this final reduction in fatty tumors 
		from over ten at its peak to just one small one now.
		—g.j.

macintosh was diagnosed with 
		
hemangiosarcoma and had surgery to 
	remove the cancer tumor and spleen. he is enjoying life now, more than 
	68 
	months after the procedure and still doing well. he has outlived the vet's prognosis 
		by over 17 times now. thank you for helping macintosh beat the 
		cancer odds and giving him a new lease on life.


—n.a.
 











nino is doing so well—his spirit and vitality are right back to where he 
		was pre-diagnosis (imha). 
		i truly attribute his success in healing to the  
bio-algae concentrates. i feel blessed that he was 
		able to rebound from his perilous 
		(imha) condition.
		from the bottom of my heart, i send you my utmost gratitude. nino’s 
		return to health was the best christmas present i have ever received.
		—robb horen
www.dogsavvy.com

our beagle was diagnosed with 
imha yesterday, she has
not eaten in 3 days, i feel like i am watching her die right now. 
i am feeding her with a 
		syringe and carrying her outside to potty. i started rainbow on 
bio-algae concentrates and her blood 
		count was 12.
		this morning's blood count is 39!!!!! within the normal range 
		now. 

bio-algae concentrates
saved rainbow's 
life, no doubt in our 
mind! she is doing absolutely great.
—s.h.



				does your pet have:








tumors 
					that you want to eliminate holistically?





seasonal 
					allergies that you would like to finally resolve? 







chronic 
					renal failure (crf) for which you want to help 
					holistically?





arthritis for which you give high therapeutic 
					amounts of
							
glucosamine?




an imbalanced
							thyroid,
							adrenal, 
					pineal, pituitary or hypothalamus gland?




discharge from the eyes and/or 
					ears which no holistic remedy has resolved?





symptoms that just won't go 
					away no matter how many supplements you have tried?




health challenges that are 
					dependent on drugs or supplements, otherwise 

							symptoms come back when the remedy is discontinued)?

 



 
 
 
 
 



click video 
		above. pets are family 
								members too!









if you 
				answered. yes, to any of the above questions, 
				then 
				you've come to the right website!




new website coming soon



watch for our new website 
		launching soon. more user-friendly, easier navigation menus, holistic 
		blog, more efficient shopping cart and many more state-of-the-art web 
		site features.
















 
 
 
 



 
mission statement
to educate others on 
their holistic options for people and pets so they can achieve freedom from 
illness.
 



contact information:


e-mail:




general information:
    				info@optimumchoices.com




telephone:  





(303) 271-1649(866) 305-2306 (toll-free 
						in u.s.)
						normal office hours are 11:00 am – 7:00 pm mountain time
						
						(u.s.)(-7.00 gmt), monday-friday. if you would like a return call 
						outside
						those 
						hours, please specify what days and times are best.




location (call first for appointment):
 




416 plateau parkwaygolden, co 80403-1533
					u.s.a.
we are an internet-only, mail order company and do not offer local 
					pick up of products (except for emergencies). please visit one 
					of the 
					local retailers at:







wellness 
		and holistic health have gone mainstream. there is so much marketing hype and 
						"holistic" products, it is hard to know what is real and 
						what really works. if one searches long enough, conflicting 
						opinions abound. we share our 100+ years of 
						combined holistic living experience and give you the 
						facts, as we know them, so you can make an informed 
						decision for you, your family and your pets. you and 
		your pets deserve total wellness and freedom from illness!
did you know taking isolated 
							
glucosamine supplements is not entirely 
							holistic and may increases the risk of yeast flare-ups, 
							blood sugar disorders and liver toxicity?
did you know that taking 
							
enzymes of protease, 
							lipase, amylase and lactase is not entirely holistic 
							and may in the long-term use leave a "lazy" pancreas?
did you know that just because the label says 
							"100% pure essential oils" that doesn't mean the 
							entire bottle contains all essential oil by volume?

we have accumulated a wealth of knowledge regarding 
						holistic options. read our past 
						newsletters for 
						revealing studies and sorting through conflicting 
						opinions. we only offer 
						products and 
						services that we 
						have proven to ourselves are truly "wholistic" and have 
						personally experienced in our totally "wholistic" 
						lifestyle!

		 



						 











click video 
									for holistic gateway to 

freedom from illness.



 
 
 










								pursue a career in canine massage


 



				 



				 


 









member of 
								international association 
								
of animal massage & bodywork








go to top.
site meter    



rev. 2016






 



     

       
			



home


products


services


information

contact us


shop online








  


		nothing on this website has been evaluated by the fda. this information 
		is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure or prevent any disease. please 
		see a qualified healthcare practitioner for any disease or illness.
send e-mail to
		
		info@optimumchoices.com
		with questions or comments about this web site.
		optimum choices, llc     
		copyright © 2024     last modified:
		12/23/23
		
 
		





