


































truman publishing » home













+888 894 7508homeabout usservicesnews & articlesbook video trailersteamcontactneed help? let's talk
discover moregot a story to tell? let's schedule an appointmentcontact us we have the rare ability to supply the delivery of some incredible concepts that hollywood has imagined movies about, including columbia, warner brothers, walt disney, universal, 20th century fox, paramount and other studios. we will spread your content across the globe. before a book is published, we perform market research to ensure that the right audience receives it.what our client saytestimonials i am the author of 2 book series! i am fascinated as to how truman helped with marketing and reached a good exposure for my book. i had an interview with ric bratton and someone called me from this company and wanted to offer me a campaign that i could not resist because it was way affordable than other publishing companies i have worked with. after 3 - 6 months of the campaign, i noticed that i receive more sales before and have very good reviews of my books through goodreads.com. all i can say is that you can never go wrong with them! thank you edward and chris for being patient with me.duane oseauthoras an author, you want to make sure your books stay competitive and relevant in today's ever-changing marketplace.keeping your book competitiveour focuswe provide expert advice and resources to ensure your book stands out from the competition and reaches its potential readership%0profitk0cost reduced%0gain+making your book venture profitablewhy choose ushere at truman publishing we are dedicated to helping authors of all genres launch their works in the literary world.we make book marketing and publication easier and more cost-effective.reduce operating costs our innovative service offers top quality books at a fraction of the regular retail pricedrive book value0happy authorslearn more we provide authors with a full suite of services to help them publish their books professionally and quickly.publishinglearn more our book consultants provide the guidance and expertise to make sure you reach your goal.marketinglearn more lets make it happen!dream as if you'll live forever , live as if you'll die today.discover more20+2023 how to get your book traditionally published? and how to get their attention!08 february 2023introduction:
how to get my book traditionally published? are you an aspiring author looking to have your book traditionally published? getting published can be a difficult process. fortunately, there areread moreunlock your publishing potential in 2023 : a guide for aspiring authors21 january 2023introduction
are you an aspiring author with a dream of publishing your book in 2023? with the changing publishing landscape, it can be difficult to know what the best routeread morethe pillar of captivating web design01 december 2022web design has come a long way in the last decade. gone are the days of simple, one-color websites. today’s web designs are full of vibrant colors and intricate designsread moremaximizing your book's potential with truman publishing company10 october 2022 
introduction
are you an aspiring author with a great book that you can't wait to share with the world? if so, you should look no further than truman publishing companyread more

years of experienceimproving your strategies, share your stories effectivelywho we areabout ustruman publishing is a renowned book publishing and marketing company with reputed authors on our database. we provide you with the best quality services for all your need.
we are also known as online digital media company which offers the best ideas to different industries wether its for a film or tv shows.our serviceshelping authors reach their goalswhat we offerwe understand the unique challenges that authors face, and we have a wealth of resources and tools to help make your dream a reality.this service will provide the support needed for writing success.coachinglearn more we have resources for authors and readers who wish to become self-publish authors or want to be successful in this industry.online courselearn more we have been offering a comprehensive range of seo services to businesses and individuals worldwideseolearn more our innovative platform connects readers and authors, creating a thriving communitycommunitylearn more helping authors and readers for the better goodour valuewe are dedicated to helping businesses grow through our high-quality service offerings so you can be sure you're getting the best results for your money.visionto create a space for authors and readers to connect, discover, and explore the power of the written word.missionwe strive to be the premier provider of book publishing and marketing services by providing our clients with the highest quality products, superior service, innovative technology, and effective marketing solutions. we are dedicated to empowering authors around the world with the tools they need to succeed in their literary pursuits.+888 894 7508info@trumanpublishing.comkansas city, missouri, 64105, united statescontact

your e-mail:

sendsendform sent successfully. thank you.please fill all required fields!homeabout usservicesteamcontactsubscribe for latest articles and resourcesnewslettercompanydiscover the power of truman publishing - a premier provider of cost effective marketing and publishing services. our team of experienced professionals offers comprehensive solutions that help businesses get their message out to the public in the most efficient way possible.truman publishing companycopyright © 2024 truman publishing company| all rights reserved.


























































