





lord of the rings & tolkien news - theonering.net fan community































































skip to content








the library
community

the tale of honour
message boards
tolkien discord
barliman’s chat
happy hobbit
torn live


tv series
lotr
the hobbit
about

about torn
advertising
contact us
privacy policy
torn archive


 






latest article
today in middle-earth, february 14
the following event(s) took place in middle-earth on february 14th: the mirror of galadriel (1419) gandalf returns to…
continue reading







recent articles



 




                more middle-earth coming: rings of power season 3 confirmed            

february 13th, 2025 • greendragon
we were pretty sure it was coming, but today prime video have officially confirmed that the lord of…

    continue reading
    
 




 




                the great hall of poets            

february 10th, 2025 • kelvarhin
welcome to the great hall of poets, our poetry feature showcasing the talent of middle-earth fans. so come…

    continue reading
    
 




 




                tv & film awards season has started            

february 8th, 2025 • alyse
it’s that time of year again… awards season has begun! many craft guilds and other award organizations have…

    continue reading
    
 




 




                a magical evening: the lord of the rings — a...            

january 27th, 2025 • eorl the young
the lord of the rings: a musical tale has opened in australia – and staffer eorl the young…

    continue reading
    
 




 




                rohirrim return to uk cinemas; now fans can enjoy the...            

january 21st, 2025 • greendragon
forth eorlingas! the lord of the rings: the war of the rohirrim is riding back into theatres in…

    continue reading
    
 




 




                today in middle-earth, january 15            

january 15th, 2025 • grammaboodawg
today in middle-earth, january 15 the bridge of khazad-dûm, and the fall of gandalf (1419) the company reaches…

    continue reading
    
 


view all articles




social links












search the one ring

search for:



latest tweets









the lord of the rings
@theringsofpower
·

february 13





                    jumping forward several years from the events of season 2, season 3 takes place at the height of the war of the elves and sauron, as the dark lord seeks to craft the one ring that will give him the edge he needs to win the war and conquer all middle-earth at last.                                     








theonering
@theoneringnet
·

february 13





                    #ringsofpower #seasonthree has been officially confirmed by @primevideo  stefan schwarz (the boys, the walking dead, luther) is amongst those who join the directing team. https://www.theonering.net/torwp/2025/02/13/120162-more-middle-earth-coming-rings-of-power-season-3-confirmed/                      








theonering
@theoneringnet
·

january 27





                    they say good things come in threes - so here's the third gem for our musical monday! our friend marc gunn has an album 'dancing with hobbits', which is toe-tappingly delightful. makes you feel like you're back at the green dragon... https://marcgunn.com/dancing-with-hobbits-album/                      

 

got news?
	if you have news relating to anything 
from the world of tolkien we’d love to 
hear from you.


submit news




popular articles

 more middle-earth coming: rings of power season 3 confirmed february 13, 2025 continue reading
 tv & film awards season has started february 8, 2025 continue reading
 exclusive: new lotr lego film announced for 2025 release april 1, 2023 continue reading
 


the library
more in-depth articles of a scholarly nature. yeah… it's for hard-core tolkien fans.
browse the library 

 






share with your current flirt 💕

via @teawithto


 





happy valentine’s day ♥️ love can take many 






@theringsofpower #seasonthree has been officially 






oscar voters are casting ballots this week and gre






the lord of the rings: the war of the rohirrim wil






tonight we talk about the latest revelation from s



 





 follow us on instagram

















						this site is maintained and updated by fans of the lord of the rings and the name and mark one ring is used under license from middle-earth enterprises, llc an embracer group company, which hold the title thereto. we in no way claim rights in the artwork displayed herein. copyrights and trademarks for the books, films, articles, merchandise and other promotional materials are held by their respective owners and our limited use of these materials is done by permission or is allowed under the fair use clause of the copyright act.








						original content and photography are copyright © 1999-2024 theonering.net.
						website design and development by garry aylott.













 


the librarycommunity

the tale of honour message boards tolkien discord barliman’s chat happy hobbit torn live
tv serieslotrthe hobbitabout

about torn advertising contact us privacy policy torn archive













