
the primal psychotherapy page







 

 - a resource for those with interests in the regressive 
deep-feeling psychotherapies   -  search this website 





special notice: i'm sorry to report that on  august 17th, 2011, john speyrer, creator of this website, passed away. john was 79 years old. as many of you know, john has been a long-time supporter of primal, both with his website and with his support of the international primal association (ipa). john will be missed by all of us who came to primal as a result of this page, and all of those who have benefited by john's open and friendly forum for articles related to feeling therapy. 
as per john's wishes, the ipa will take over the administration of this website. email sent to this website will now be directed to the webmaster for the ipa               
john requested that any memorial gifts be directed to the ipa. please send them to:
ipa
c/o warren davis 
  5539 columbia pike #816,arlington, va 22204.

to go directly to the most recent articles, reviews, etc.  click on the 
  weeping man icon in the upper left hand corner of this page.

 what is primal therapy 
what it is and what it is not
how do i know if i need it?

14 of most  popular indexes (40) in february, 2011 


 psychohistory articles index 
 book reviews index  
  birth trauma  articles index 
   the psychology of mysticism index 
 all articles indexed by author 
all articles  indexed by title  
  index of articles in german 
 index of articles in the denver primal institute journal 
 reflections on primal therapy  
 index to articles on the  
various addictions 
 index to articles on death and dying feelings at birth and inutero  
 index to articles on homosexuality  
 index to hundreds of insightful psychological quotations
 index of articles on  pre-birth psychological traumas  







where do you want to go?
book reviews 
index of all indexes 
dr. vereshack replies
links - outside websites - primal info
links - other sections of this website
psychedelics in regression therapy
quotations
search the primal psychotherapy page
the psychology of mysticism  index
deutsch artikels
denver primal journal articles index
articles from ipa publications
primal feelings newsletter
pre and peri-natal psychology 
lloyd demause and  psychohistory
 self-primaler's café
reflections on primal therapy
therapists listing
birth trauma articles
alpha listing of all material  on the ppp 
psychosomatic disease articles 
deutsch artikel - articles in german
holotropic breathwork
letters to the primal page 



  john lennon and primal therapy 




check out the new articles on the primal psychotherapy page.
listing of  over 600  articles, book reviews, etc.  on this website:
indexed by title 
indexed by author 



at 86, dr. arthur janov, continues to rapidly  add   articles to his personal blog, reflections on the human condition. 
his blog  presently contains over 155 articles with many interesting comments from readers. i liked   the timetable of feelings .   another of my favorites is,   life before birth (revised) . be sure to read his most recently uploaded, who do we marry?  answer:  ourselves.  most excellent.  




 favorite quotes
(march - april, 2011) 



"in my experience the most genuine form of therapy around these days is transpersonal therapy, also known as holotropic breathwork or rebirthing, combined with various other modalities such as sand play, myth, dance, dream work and emotional release work, typified by the primal therapy approach. these therapies explore our inner world and allow us to express hidden emotions" 
 -- lee albert,  amazing grace


"trauma essentially plays a role in causing or triggering most if not all mental illness."   -- robert scaer, m.d., the trauma spectrum



"huge amounts of evidence support the view that the "conscious self" is in fact a very small portion of the mind's activity. . . . (w)e can say that for the most part, the self is not divided by some line between a conscious and a nonconscious self.  rather, the self is created by nonconscious processes, as well as by the selection associations of these processes into something we call 'consciousness.'  to put it another way, we are much, much more than our conscious processes."   --daniel j. siegel, m.d. the developing mind, 1999 





"it seemed to me that the (ibogaine) session dealt with the major soul changes surrounding my childhood traumas.  it was as if the session was a major soul catharsis that happened so quickly and suddenly that i did not have the power to resist it.  the suddenness of the experience  was the perfect opportunity to reach down deeply into my inner being and take out whatever cancer was living there.  it felt as though the psychological backlog on my life was being downloaded in one massive inner encounter.   i was wafted along as though in a slipstream.  whenever i tried to hold on, the force of the flow would pull me away and back into the stream, i.e., i was forced to leave an issue and move on.  i saw things i would simply never have considered in my own psychological enquiry and indeed would have rejected were another to suggest them to me.  how then could traditional psychotherapy have worked for me?  suddenly i knew how much i didn't know and the years of confusion and self-argument and counter-argument began to dissipate into a knowing whole."  
--lee albert - amazing grace 





"since birth-traumatized infants tend to cry more than those not traumatized and since excessive crying by infants is a potent trigger for child abuse, it can be concluded that birth trauma is an important factor contributing to child abuse." 
 --  aletha solter  ph. d. in  tears for trauma:  birth trauma, crying and child abuse from primal renaissance:  the journal of primal psychology 








  more recent articles!  |   search this website |  book reviews |    primal centers |   ask dr. vereshack
 dr. vereshack replies  |   
  links to other sections of the ppp |
   deutscher abschnitt 
 links to outside  the ppp |  holotropic breathwork |   psychedelic drugs |  letters to the primal page 
  ipa articles |  primal feelings newsletter  |  denver primal journal  |    pre and peri-natal publications  
  lloyd demause and  psychohistory  |   self-primaler's cafe  |  reflections on primal therapy 
  birth trauma articles  |

  alpha listing of  all articles  
   listing by author of  all articles  |
 book reviews on this website  |   quotations  psychology of mysticism section  | therapists listing 
 index of all indexes 





primal therapy was discovered by arthur janov, ph.d. in the late 1960s. 
with e. michael holden, m.d., a neurologist and at that time, medical
director of the primal institute, dr. janov formulated a rich body of
knowledge relating to why and how primal therapy works (see the
bibliography reference below for a listing of dr. janov's writings).
criticized by some because he does
not reveal his techniques for inducing primal regression, janov has
steadfastly insisted that dissemination of this information into the
hands of the untrained is dangerous.
 a clinical psychologist and successful songwriter, dr. janov, in his late eighties,  presently operates the primal training center  in venice, california. his book,   sexualité et la subconscient was published in france 2006.  it will soon be published in the u.s. as sex and the subconscious. his forthcoming book, life before birth, is scheduled for printing in early 2011.  
the first primal center was the primal institute, which for many years was associated with its founder. the center is
presently operated by dr. janov's former wife, vivian janov. the
institute earlier published the primal therapy journal and still publishes the primal institute newsletter. to view a less than complete listing of its articles, click on  index. since
the late 1960s many articles and books have been written about primal
therapy. stephen khamsi, ph.d., a primal therapist in san francisco,
has compiled such a bibliography. 
 


book reviews -    147 book and movie reviews relating to the deep regressive psychotherapies 


 
therapists & training  primal-type therapists and  training centers

 
 
 

most recent articles and book reviews

type 
content 
    author   

book review   scattered: how attention deficit disorder originates and what you can do about it by gabor maté, m.d.  
 john a. speyrer  
 bookchapter   the impact of neonatal circumcision:  implications for doctors of men's experiences in regressive therapy   
 robert clover johnson  
 poem   the climbers  
 w. h. auden 
articleinjected oxytocin's effects on men's memories of mama as loving or otherwise    john a. speyrer 
 auf deutsch natürliche vs. direktive primärtherapie   harley ristad 
 new index page
 index of articles on suicidality   -- 
 in reflectionssectionour brains may be more developed at birth than previously believed    john a. speyrer 
 en françaisprimals par télephone     pat törngren 
new blog two international primal association members launch new blog:  the primal mind   peter prontzosbruce wilson 
book review jessica:  the autobiography of an infant  by jeffrey von glahn, ph.d.    reviewed by john a. speyrer 
q & a "i am bipolar. should i enter a primal-oriented therapy?"    paul vereshack, m.d. 
article review  anorexia - a resolution   ditto nowakoski  
article  love study: breaking up is hard to do  what's early  love got to do with it    john a. speyrer  
book review holotropic breathwork by drs. christina and stanislav grof   reviewed by john a. speyrer  
article military suicides, post traumatic stress disorder and birth trauma    john a. speyrer  
in psychohistory section en suisse : une éducation au consensus  [in english]   marc-andré cotton  
book review the rape of innocence:  female genital mutilation & circumcision in the usa by patricia robinett   reviewed by john a. speyrer  
new indexof articlesindex of death and dying regressive feelings articles: during in-utero and  birth traumas   various  
article   saving boys in the church, 
saving boys from the church: a thematic survey and personal odyssey    by daniel dervin

book review terror and consent:  the wars of the twenty-first century  by philip bobbitt   reviewed by lloyd demause  
 poem   i measure every grief i meet  
 emily dickinson 
in the psychohistory section   overturning convictions:  language, belief and rewriting the criminal narrative 
 abby stein, ph.d. 
book review   the boy who was raised as a dog and other stories from a child psychiatrist's notebook by bruce d. perry, m.d. and maia szalavitz     reviewed by l. m. akhtar 
book review   in the realm of hungry ghosts:  close encounters with addiction   by gabor maté, m.d.  
 reviewed by john a. speyrer 
videopresentation   in the realm of hungry ghosts:  close encounters with addiction  [booktv video link]
  gabor maté m.d. 
book review  movie yoga:  how every film can change your life   by tav sparks
  john a. speyrer 
pdf article  when the volcano erupts:  a journey homewards
  clare gill 
article  using the side effects of medication for regression therapy access
  john a. speyrer 
article 
remembering and facilitating inutero experiences   "m.h."  
bookreview
mutual caring  by frank lake, m.d.  edited by stephen m. maret, ph.d.   reviewed by john a. speyrer 
article 
the importance of father's love during and even before infancy  john a. speyrer 
article 
the sources of our nightmares   john a. speyrer 
bookreview
to cause a death:  the aftermath of an accidental killing  by kelly connor  john a. speyrer 
article 
optimism vs. pessimism in teenagers:  their sources  john a. speyrer 
books  reviewto be an invalid:  the illness of charles darwin, and darwin's illness by ralph colp jr, m.d. 
  john a. speyrer 
article 
theophostic prayer ministry, primal-oriented therapies and very, very early trauma  john a. speyrer 
in reflections   sleep, cancer, depression and birth   john a. speyrer 
 poem ok to cry   col. leo j. martin, sr. 
in the psychohistory sectionreligious fundamentalism and its impact on the female gender   allan s. mohl, ph.d. 
articlearmageddon and apocalyptic imagery as metaphors of birth trauma    john a. speyrer 
in the psychohistory sectionshock and awe: how child abuse and dissociation drive violent crime    abby stein, ph.d.  
article possible adverse psychological effects of an adoptee
on birth family siblings   john a. speyrer 
news  item
pill to erase bad memories   daily mail british newspaper 
articlesymposium:  islamic terror and sexual mutilation  jamie glazov, ph.d. 
articlephobias as  persistent  remainders and reminders  of severe birth traumas   john a. speyrer 
book review the love that wasn't:  a study of personal hurts  ron haki, m.d.  john a. speyrer 
buchbesprechungleben und geburt irene behrmann & marianne sturn   reinhold w. rausch 
article early trauma and adult pain perception:  the torments of the chronic pain patient  john a. speyrer 
article return to the mother ship   john a. speyrer 
article our image of god   john a. speyrer 
dvd video reviewit may be viewed in its entirety at  dr. vereshack's website  processes and treatment in feeling and body (primal) -oriented psychotherapy   by paul vereshack, m.d. 
 reviewed by john a. speyrer

article switzerland:  childrearing aimed at national consent 
    [en français] 
  marc-andré cotton 
article  free will and primal pain: the illusion of being in control
     john a. speyrer 
workbook reviewprenatal and birth memories: working with your earliest experiences to help your life today by bobbi jo lyman, phd
     john a. speyrer 
book chapterchapter vi from messiah interviews
   jerry j. pollock, ph.d. 
in reflections nicotine and the fetus
     jerry j. pollock, ph.d. 
in reflectionsthe early lure of alcohol 
     john a. speyrer 
article suicide and pre and perinatal psychotherapy
     shirley ward med. diped.  
article anger related to pre-conception, conception and the pre and perinatal period - further developments in pre and perinatal psychotherapy incorporating primal integration and regression therapy
     shirley ward med. diped.  
article birth trauma and bullying      shirley ward med. diped.  
buchbesprechungauf deutschdie janov-lösung. primärtherapie - ein weg aus der depression von arthur janov   john a. speyrer  
reviewbirth & pre-birth trauma on tv john a. speyrer   
articleintimations of failed abortion attempts in the regressive psychotherapies john a. speyrer   
q & a if i work hard in primal therapy, and push myself strongly down into feelings, will my process open up?  paul vereshack, m.d.  
book  reviewthe unborn child:  beginning a whole life and overcoming problems of early originby roy ridgway and simon h. house    john a. speyrer 
articleexpanding grof's concept of the perinatal: deepening the inquiry into frightening near-death experiences   christopher m. bache, ph.d. 
indexindex of death and dying feelings  articles - inutero and during birth   .  
indexindex of articles on panic attacks and anxiety disorders    .  
indexindex of articles on anger    .  
indexindex of articles on fears and phobias   .  
indexindex of articles on spiritual emergences, transpersonal experiences and kuldalini openings   .  
indexindex of articles on intrauterine life    .  
indexindex of articles and book review on homosexuality    .  
indexindex of articles on depression    .  
indexindex of articles on symbolic regressions/relivings    .  
indexindex of articles on the addictions    .  
indexindex of articles on neurological issues    .  
indexindex of articles about movies and movie reviews    .  
indexindex of articles on dreams and nightmares    .  
indexindex of child sexual abuse articles and book reviews    .  
indexindex of primal poems   .  
indexindex of articles on psychosomatic disease and the regressive psychotherapies   .  
index index of articles relating to frank lake, m.d.
     .  
indexindex of articles on adoptive issues    .  
indexindex of  interviews     .  
indexindex of articles on religion and spirituality    .  
indexindex of all indexes    .  
indexindex - the fine arts: a mode of entry into the unconscious    .  
index index of infant and child trauma issues     .  
index index of the origins of violence and terrorism   .  
articleepilepsy and primal pain   john a. speyrer  
reflections section maternal bad news in the first trimester leads to increased susceptibility  to later schizophrenia   john a. speyrer  
book reviewthe janov solution: lifting depression through primal therapy by arthur janov, ph.d.   john a. speyrer  
 psychohistory section  war as a sacrificial ritual   lloyd demause  
reflections section the relationship of childhood abuse to many of the leading causes of death in adults    john a. speyrer  
 artikel  woran erkennt man, ob die primärtherapie, die man bekommt, sicher ist?    pat törngren  
reflections sectionmaternal birth trauma & post traumatic stress disorder   john a. speyrer  
article[revised 12/20]fibromyalgia and the traumas of birth   john a. speyrer  
articlethe terribleness of being alone after birth   john a. speyrer  
book reviewprimal healing:  access the incredible power of feelings to improve your health by arthur janov, ph.d.   john a. speyrer  
 reflections sectioninfant's behavior:  intuitive or learning based?   john a. speyrer  
articlegastrointestinal symptoms and unprocessed birth memories  john a. speyrer  
 reflections sectionnasal and sinus congestion:  its roots   john a. speyrer  
articlelooking for the perfect chemical cure   john a. speyrer  
articleheartbreaks can cause heart attacks   john a. speyrer  
article[revised 10/21]panic attacks: dangers & symptoms  their origins in our early traumas  john a. speyrer  
bookchapterthe psychology andneurobiology of violence  lloyd demause  
article [revised 12/02]virginia tech terror:  the terror of birth & the origins of violence  john a. speyrer  
articlewould you discuss some of the hazards along the primal path?  paul vereshack, m.d.  
articlefrom holotropics to primal  margaret coyne 
bookselectionsbreakingdown, breakingthrough [holotropic breathwork]  margaret coyne 
  psychohistory  section  swaddled nation: modern mother russia and  a psychohistorical reassessment of stalin      stephanie shakhireva  
articlemigraine headaches and adolescent suicidal  risk     john a. speyrer  
bookreview the loss that is forever:  the lifelong impact of the early death of a mother or father  by maxine harris, ph.d.     john a. speyrer  
article  parentalité primale: donner  aux bébés le meilleur dé part dans la vie    pat törngren  
article the trauma of being awakeduring surgery    john a. speyrer  
article fear, distress and pain perception in osteoarthritis     john a. speyrer  
article  finding a place to cry:  my path into primal    norm cohen   
therapist listing janov certified primal therapist vancouver, canada    ruth nyman, m.s.w.   
 articlerepressed memories revisited    "m.h."   
 articlesearching literary fiction for the elusive dissociative  amnesia syndrome    john a. speyrer  
 articlemysticism and psychopathology    john a. speyrer  
 articlethe origins of the fear of female genitalia     john a. speyrer  
 psychohistory  section  group death myths in terror cult groups    peter a. olsson, m.d.  
 article  the pros and cons of resolving birth traumas in primal, theophostic and other experiential therapies    john a. speyrer  
 interview kängurumütterfürsorge (kängurumethode) ein interview mit dr. nils bergman      marit olanders    
 article the child who could not walk:   facilitating primal healing in children        pat törngren  
 article on the atypical partial resolution of some psychological hurts       paul vereshack, m.d.  
 book review the ultimate journey:consciousness and the mystery of death by stanislav grof, m.d.     john a. speyrer 
 in  psychohistory  section  the psychopathology of terrorism:  a cultural v-spot     joan lachkar, ph.d. 
 article the disappointmentsof primal therapy - part ii     john a. speyrer 
 article when primals are endless     paul  vereshack, m.d.
 article are inutero affect and memory real?    john a. speyrer
 article las necesidades del recien nacido en los primeras horas de vida    pat törngren
 video review(swedish)videoanmälan - kangaroo mother care, en ny metod att återställa det ursprungliga sättet att vårda och amma spädbarn, dr nils bergman  john a. speyrer, pat törngren 
 reflections anticipatory suffering and decision making john a. speyrer  
 book reviewhealing hypertension:  uncovering the secret power of your hidden emotions,   by samuel j. mann, m.d. john a. speyrer  
 articlemany hands: an adoptee’s healing journey   marcy w. axness  
 reflectionspain perception in premature babies   john a. speyrer  
 book reviewthe divided mind: the epidemic of mindbody disorders by john e. sarno, m.d.   john a. speyrer  
 therapist listingthierry carrasco   paris,france  
 article primalt föräldraskap: hur ger man babyn en lycklig start i livet?  pat törngren  
 article  road rage, impatience and ascending birth  feelings  john a. speyrer 
 article hurricanes, suicides, wars, and birth trauma  john a. speyrer 
 article h. r. giger and the zeitgeist of the twentieth century  stanislav grof, m.d. 
 article observations about yoga and primal-oriented psychotherapy  cindy mcnellis 
lloyd demause and psychohistory  section  america's apocalyptic rebirth fantasies in contemporary films  victor meladze 
new sectionadded to article 
chronological and calendrical unconscious memories in primal-oriented psychotherapiesjohn a. speyrer
 article dream houses  john a. speyrer 
 article dna breakthroughs  john a. speyrer 
 article the violent act of infant circumcision   compiled bypat törngren 
 article crybabies and birth traumatized babies    john a. speyrer 
 psychohistory  section  the childhood origins of the holocaust  talk at klagenfurt univ., austria - 09/05  lloyd demause 
 article between the mattress and the box spring: pressure as comfort john a. speyrer 
 article  an evening with the primal support group   pat törngren 
 q & a  answers to an endless questioner  paul vereshack, m.d. 
 primal forum deutsches primal forum  moderator  reinhold w. rausch 
article
 peri-natal agonies  john a. speyrer
artikel
 spädbarnets rätta miljö där är babyn inte hjälplös - kängurumetoden   cecilia moen
intervju
intervju med nils bergman - kängurumetoden  marit olanders
article
the slow acceptance of the reality of birth regressions by its major theoreticians    john a. speyrer
fantasy movie review 
 million dollar baby  clint eastwood - hillary swank - morgan freeman    john a. speyrer
article 
 destructive activities:  their root causes    paul j. hannig, ph.d.
article 
 the origins of homosexuality:  insights from the deep feeling psychotherapies    john a. speyrer
article 
   cuddling and touch: as stress reducers,   as  stress increasers   john a. speyrer
artikel 
   was ist primal- psychotherapie?    h. lawrence king  
book chapter 
   guilt. . . a straitjacket for feeling  from emotional fitness:  discovering our natural healing power  janice berger
kapitel 
“schuldgefühle” aus: emotional fitness: discovering our natural healing power janice berger
artikel 
persönlich eindrücke von paul vereshacks primal- workshop in glencree, irland, april 2005,    reinhold w. rausch
article 
the mother's fear of harming her baby:   maternal destructiveness and maternal inutero rejection john a. speyrer
interview  
bill swartley interview (1977) john rowan
interview  
jenny james interview (1977) john rowan
article  
brain imperialismjohn rowan
article  
how do we know if we are getting safe primal therapy? pat törngren
article  
my experience at a primal seminar with paul vereshack, m. d. reinhold rausch
article  
a primal is a primal, is a primal  - or is it? pat törngren
article 
psychotherapy for the dying: principles and illustratative cases with special references to the use of lsd gary fisher, ph.d.
article 
guilt: still another facet of neurosis   john a. speyrer
article
the primal screams of death & dying in the art of edvard munchjohn a. speyrer
buchbesprechung
 siegfried petry  - erlebnisgedächtnis und posttraumatische störungen. 
irene behrmann - zurück ins leben.
erfahrungen mir der ambulanten regressionstherapie.
begleitetes wiedererleben als therapie.reinhold w. rausch
artikel
„widerstand“ eine antwort auf dr. paul hanning’s artikel „is there a hole in your soulpatricia poulin
discussion 
a primal support group board discussion on depression marlene,anon.& john a. speyrer
interview
 the ppp interviews dr. robert godwin, author of one cosmos under god:  the unification of matter, life, mind and spirit john a. speyrer robert godwin, ph.d.
book excerpts
excerpts from one cosmos under god:  the unification of matter, life, mind and spirit by robert w. godwin, ph.d.    robert godwin, ph.d. 
book review 
one cosmos under god:  the unification of matter, life, mind and spirit by robert w. godwin, ph.d.     john a. speyrer
article 
on "resistance": a response to dr. paul hannig's article, is there a hole in your soul?    patricia poulin
article review

the role of the temporal cortex in certain psychical phenomena   the journal of mental science, 07/55 by wilder penfield, m.d.   john a. speyrer 
bookreview   transcendent sex: when lovemaking opens the veil, by jenny wade, ph.d.  john a. speyrer 
article    the obedient son sacrificed:  mel gibson's the passion of the christ   henry lawton 
article  geburtstrauma, vor- und perinatale gefühle von tod und sterben:  intrauterines trauma im ersten trimester,  transmarginaler stress und paradoxe reaktion - die theorien des frank lake, m.d.    john a. speyrer 
article  birth trauma  and pre- and peri-natal feelings of death and dying: first trimester intrauterine trauma with   transmarginal stress and paradoxical reaction  the theories of frank lake, m.d.
   john a. speyrer 
article the aftereffects of two unfinished primal sessions john a. speyrer 
article interview with chris bache, ph.d.  john a. speyrer 
article  my favorite quotations from nandor fodor's the search for the beloved  john a. speyrer 
movie review 
 jacob's ladder (1990)  tim robbins,  john a. speyrer 
article streaming life energy:  a positive birthing experience   g.m. 
article a perinatal interpretation of frightening near-death experiences:  a dialogue with kenneth ring  dr christopher m. bache  
article  finding primal therapy - from the primal-page message board laurie, et als 
article  pre and perinatal mental health  marianne littlejohn 


 looking for an article not  listed  above? 

 see alphabetical listing of over 600 articles on this website, or 
 same 600 plus articles  indexed by the author 







 
  new articles!  |   search this website |  book reviews |    primal centers |   ask dr. vereshack
 dr. vereshack replies  |   
  links to other sections of the ppp |
   deutscher abschnitt 
 links to outside  the ppp |  holotropic breathwork |   psychedelic drugs |  letters to the primal page 
  ipa articles |  primal feelings newsletter  |  denver primal journal  |    pre and peri-natal publications  
  lloyd demause and  psychohistory  |   self-primaler's cafe  |  reflections on primal therapy  | 
  birth trauma articles 
index of articles on psychosomatic disease  |
  alpha listing of  all articles  |
  author listing of  all articles  
 book reviews on this website  |   quotations |  psychology of mysticism index  |
 violence and terrorism index 


 













 www the  primal psychotherapy page



join the  primal support group at yahoo !
need help to log-on?  e-mail:  pgt@mweb.co.za  

 
 

 letters to the primal page . . .older saved letters are below:

(archive #01 is oldest)  archived letters #01   |  archived letters #02  |  archived letters #03    archived letters #04  |  archived letters #05  |  archived letters #06   archived letters #07 |   archived letters #08  |   archived letters #09     archived letters #10 |   archived letters #11 |   archived letters #12   archived letters #13 |   archived letters #14





top of the page

credentials of any therapists named on these pages have not been validated.  proceed at your own risk.  we do not necessarily agree with everything we print.

the primal psychotherapy page established 10/03/1995 by john a speyrer   
site maintained by thayer white (on behalf of the international primal association) - 

admin
 
