





elvish consulting














alan's zinc brochure / essays
(i thought everyone knew this)

rna virus vs zinc ionophore & zinc brochure
the simple science of zinc and quercetin
dreams of zinc treatments for colds, flu, etc.
coronaviruses and zinc




race calendar
		race information
		race results

      our race calendar, with links to information, results and registration
      for events we are involved with. includes running, multisport,
      cross-country, canoe/kayak, etc.
      we score all events with elfscore, of course!


online registration services
we now offer a professional online registration service. there are
		absolutely no advertisements, your event is paid at a frequency you control,
		and we can put up a concise web page with details about your event as well as set up
		donations and fundraising, if desired. we can also grant access to an event representative
		you designate, so they can check on and download registrations at any time of the
		day or night.
		like all things we do, it's professional, ridiculously easy to get started,
		and we offer excellent support.
	

timing / scoring services
information about our event timing/scoring/result
		services. if you are involved with an event that needs our services,
		or you were at an event that could really benefit from our services,
		start here!
we offer chip timing at very reasonable
		rates, and almost always provide results while the event is in progress.
		we know that athletes don't like to wait for results.


elfscore v5!(for windows)
information about alan's highly acclaimed race scoring
		software! it's easy to get started with (even includes tutorials and
		many sample race setups). it has advanced and very flexible reporting
		capabilities (you can easily modify reports and databases directly!),
		and the reports make you look professional. it can handle many, many
		types of athletic events, including cross-country, road races,
		duathlons, triathlons, marathons, bike races, inline skating races,
		canoe races, kayak races, etc.
best of all, elfscore comes with expert-level support.
		if you know how to use a computer and how a finish line works, you
		can install it, set up a race, enter registration, enter results
		(manually or from a timer or chip reader) and print reports in about
		an hour!
		we are confident that you will be delighted with its capabilities.
	

timemachine timers
information about timemachine printing timers.
		we think they are the best on the market today! if you only use a
		primary/secondary chip timing system at your finish lines, you should
		seriously consider using one or two timemachines as an independent
		backup of finisher data. you never know when a critical cable is
		gonna get unplugged, when a transponder will fail to read, or when
		an antenna will develop problems.
a timemachine timer is your best friend at the finish.


timing faq
questions frequently asked of us by people who time
		races already, or who want to time races. we currently work actively
		with organizations that provide timing services throughout the us,
		canada, new zealand and australia. maybe we can help you improve
		the event services you offer as well?
	

course measurement

		we measure courses to national certification standards. this explains
		many of the details of the process we go through to get a course certified.
		many people find it much more complex than they envisioned.
	

elftree
information on elftree.
	

sdf
information on sdf.
	

links
links to various sites of interest to us and
		helpful to athletes, races and timing companies.
	

good food!
some of our favorite places for food when traveling.
	

ode to a tree
found this in some information given to me by
		one of my aunts on my dad's side. heartwarming.
	

alan's jan. 2018 srrc hall of fame induction remarks

you can reach us directly via:
alan avery608 knoll wood ln
greentown, in 46936-9617phone: 217.698.8600

 email address is protected by javascript.
 please enable javascript to contact via email. thank you.





