

 granny's country store in silver star, montana:  wilderness survival books and videos,  sustainable living skills, wildflowers & weeds 
 





po box 684
silver star, mt 59751406-287-3605

share on facebook!

granny's country store

home-building resources
holistic/sustainable living
wilderness survival
resources for educators
native skills & culture
nature, wildlife, tracking
wildflowers and edibles

granny'scountry storepo box 684silver star, mt 59751406-287-3605


 


  browse our books! | about silver star | local links  | search | view cart
granny's country store& historic post officeworldwide service from the middle of nowhere!silver star, montana 59751
books, videos, tools, supplies, music, and games!



home-buildingstone masonrymasonry heaterslog constructiontimber framestrawbale homesearthships, domes & cobsolar design

holistic living green economicsrecycled productsholistic managementconsciousness
self-sufficiencydiet & nutritionwomen's healthchild rearing

wilderness survivalfire-makingsurvival kits & knivesflintknappingarchery & atlatlsbraintanningknot-tyingwater purification

resources for educatorsexperiential education
last child in the woodsrediscoverybotany for kidsprimitive fire kitsprimal paintsocarinas

native skills & culturecrafts and skills
natural toys & gamesnative shelterbiography & lorephilosophyanthropology

nature & wildlifetrackingawarenessbirding & bird languageseeing through native eyesnative storiesmusic & storytellingastronomy

wildflowers & ediblesplant identificationbotanical loupesedible plants & foragingmedicinal herbsmushroom booksrocky mountain guidesdandy blend coffee substitute

special deals and discounts ntsc vhs video close-outpal/secam vhs video close-out


about granny's
      granny's country store has evolved over the last century from a local general store, post office, grocery, and telephone switchboard; to a small town bookstore, grocery and post office. we bought granny's country store in 2003. we liked the idea of having the post office and bookstore in the same building, so we could more easily pack and ship our orders.  we continue to serve our local customers by providing staple groceries, a post office, and books. it's a place to meet and catch up on the local news or tell stories of days gone by. the grocery store and post office have been together since the earliest days of silver star's history in the 1860's, and in the same location since the 1920's. 


	      we serve our national and international customers with our web store, offering a wide selection of books, tools, and videos intended to inspire and educate.  we offer books and videos about wilderness skills, nature field guides, and native culture in order to reconnect people with the natural world.   we offer titles about alternative construction, green energy, permaculture, and homesteading in order to improve our world and offer solutions to modern problems.   we choose titles that inspire and celebrate the natural world and human potential.  we also carry many titles that are produced and published by independent people and are difficult to locate elsewhere.

 	      enjoy looking around our web store or come visit us in silver star and meet some of the locals.  we hope to continue serving and adapting to the needs of our small community for years to come.  and we hope to serve our greater world community with ideas and resources that will help make a more sustainable future.


   





po box 684silver star, mt 59751 406-287-3605


how to place retail orders


       order on-line:  order on-line with your visa, mastercard, discover or american express.  simply click on the links to learn more about each product and enter the quantity you want in the little white boxes, then click the "add to order" button. you will be transferred to our secure payment service for the final check-out. we also accept paypal payments.  please click here for paypal instructions.
	      order by mail or telephone:  we accept checks and money orders payable in us dollars.  please use the on-line shopping basket to tally your order. click the "pay for order on-line" button to calculate the postage, then print or copy the information and call or send it to us at the address above.
shipping options


usa customers we ship all usa orders via usps priority mail, except as otherwise noted on the website.  express mail shipping is available by special request.international customers outside the usa  please click here for additional  shipping information. 

granny's country store
home-building resources | holistic/sustainable living
wilderness survival | resources for educators
native skills & culture | nature, wildlife, trackingwildflowers and edibles




