






 

welcome - tipsforsuccess




























































 






























home
article categories
join

optional email subscription
about our subscribers
our policies


about

about us
about l ron hubbard
contact us


subscriber home page
 


select page


  
 
 










tipsforsuccess helps you succeed with discoveries, advice and recommendations found nowhere else. you can use our powerful material to strengthen your performance, increase your income and boost your moods. best of all, everything at tipsforsuccess is not only free, there are no ads, so you can focus on your future success.









how tipsforsuccess works

imagine accomplishing more in one day than ever before.
imagine having more money than you need.
imagine being naturally happier than ever before.

you actually have the power to make improvements like these. you simply need the step-by-step recommendations in our articles to release and use this power. these steps are easy to use and they work.
start by picking one of our 160+ free articles that interests you and follow the article’s recommendations. eight example articles are below.
you can also check out “50 ways to motivate yourself” slideshow, the “5 happiness habits” or any one of our self-improvement exercises.
new for 2025! “how to master any skill” includes the five steps for learning to do any skill you like. it includes a story of how basement bob got rich.
if you like, subscribe to get email notifications of new articles that we add every two weeks. no ads, no spam, no problems.



topics addressed by tipsforsuccess





control
courage
critics
dating and marriage
difficult people
earning money
education
enemies
family
friends
goals
grief
group management
happiness
health
joy




money management
motivation
people skills
personal power
planning
productivity
responsibility
sales and negotiation
sanity
self love
stress
stupidity
upsets
wealth
work enjoyment
work relationships





to see all tipsforsuccess articles, go to the categories index.





what’s in it for you?
top 15 benefits







 
slidemore money.
slidea happier marriage.
slidesharper focus.
slideless anxiety.
slidefresh motivation!
slidegreater love for yourself.
slideincreased inner strength.
slidebetter work.
slidenew or  improved friendships.
slideget tougher.
slidebigger deals, better agreements.
slidemore decisive.
slidenew leadership skills.
slidemore free time.
 










example articles





the best way to make money​
you have eight ways to make money.
1. lie to get it.2. cheat someone out of their money.3. steal it4. beg for it.5. make threats.6. hurt someone to get it.7. demand someone give it to you.8. earn it.
of course, the last way is the only sure way to make money. in fact, it is not only the easiest, it can make you wealthy.
click to read “how to make money.”

















how to win the game of life

in this article, you learn the three parts of any game.
see how you are either winning or losing your life games.
learn how to win any game in your life by simply balancing of the three parts of a game.

click to read “life is a game.”









is money attracted to you?
how well is money flowing to you? where are you on this quadrant chart?

drips and drops of money, like a leaking water faucet.
small trickles of money.
spurts of money, on and off.
rivers of money that exceed your needs.

this article covers the two ingredients you need to increase your money flows plus 17 recommendations to make money flow to you like a waterfall.
click to read “your money flows.”

















professionals succeed, 
amateurs fail

why your success depends on you being a pro in everything you do.
the 18 differences between a professional and an amateur.
the first step to making yourself 100% professional.

click to read “are you a professional?”









what determines your income?
can you increase your income with more education? better work performance? finding more connections?
is your pay based on your age? race? health? sense of humor?
while these things can influence your income, one other thing is more powerful. it can make your income explode: income demand.
click to read “income demand” and use it to get rich.

















how to be happy with two rules
is it possible for you to have a happy day? all day? every day?

if you are in the top right quadrant, you lead a happy life. you are following both of the rules.
if you are in the bottom right or top left quadrants, you are happy at times and unhappy at times.
if you are in the bottom left quadrant, you lead an unhappy life. you are not following either rule.

if you calculate your position on this chart, you can then create a step-by-step plan to lead a much happier life!
read “the happiness chart.”









how to form new relationships

learn the two steps to start a friendship with anyone.
increase your circle of connections for long-term success.
make anyone feel happy to meet you.

click to read “how to form new relationships”

















get motivated

learn three techniques to motivate yourself whenever you like.
how your mental attitude is more powerful than fatigue.
use your focus to boost your energy level.

click to read “three motivation tips”


















copyright © 2025 tipsforsuccess.org. all rights reserved. based on the discoveries of l. ron hubbard. grateful acknowledgment is made to l. ron hubbard library for permission to reproduce selections from the copyrighted works of l. ron hubbard.



 







 























