










guide to the best boutique hotels, guest houses and stylish holiday homes















































destinations


collections


ask for advice


+351214647430


de | es | pt




























best for

adults only hotels
beach hotels and coastal getaways
boutique hotels, b&b and luxury hotels
budget boutique hotels and holiday homes
city breaks
country hotels and country houses
eco-friendly hotels and holiday homes
family friendly hotels
gourmet escapes
holiday homes and villas
luxury hotels and villas
pet and dog friendly hotels
romantic getaways and honeymoon holidays
surf and kitesurf hotels
village feel
wine hotels and wineries
yoga retreats and well-being



















 go back 

  view map 








 view map 

europe

austria
belgium
bulgaria
croatia
czech republic
denmark
england
france
gd luxembourg
germany
greece
hungary
iceland
ireland
italy
malta
netherlands
norway
poland
portugal
scotland
slovenia
spain
sweden
switzerland
turkey
wales


africa

morocco
são tomé and príncipe
south africa


south america

brazil












de | es | pt


destinations


collections

 

ask for advice

 

about us


travel blog


gift vouchers

 

sign in


hotel owners


suggest a lodging


contact us


map

 

  























close













beautiful selection of the best boutique hotels and holiday homes













guide to charming beach hotels and beach villas













secluded country hotels, manor houses and countryside inns













romantic hotels, b&bs and guest houses for honeymoon getaways













top rated holiday apartments, luxury villas and holiday homes



















previous



next








authentic and beautiful places to stay





comporta regionthe little wild paradise






villa mas daliasnew lodging






villa posillipo corfulive like "the durrells" in the villa posillipo corfu






hotel rural predi son jaumell capdeperaa hotel with a unique identity in mallorca





previous
next



we know where - discovering the best places to stay for more than 23 years – see our destinations
small luxury and boutique hotels, charming b&bs, romantic guest houses and stylish holiday homes
we will  help you find the perfect place to stay, free of charge









our collections
don’t know where to go? let our collections inspire you.





holiday homes and villas




beach hotels and coastal getaways




country hotels and country houses




romantic getaways and honeymoon holidays




luxury hotels and villas




pet and dog friendly hotels




eco-friendly hotels and holiday homes




family friendly hotels




budget boutique hotels and holiday homes




surf and kitesurf hotels




yoga retreats and well-being




wine hotels and wineries




village feel




city breaks




adults only hotels







 



 explore the world
discover the location of over 1.800 of our hand-picked boutique hotels, luxury hotels, guest houses and unique holiday homes
open map










what's new?

more blog posts
blog








surfers paradise in portugal






discovering syracuse






wanderful madeira



previous
next





 






let us help you find the perfect place to stay, free of charge
our travel experts will recommend places to go, lodgings to stay, customize itineraries and assist with your bookings 7 days a week at no additional cost.
ask for advice






 




join us to become a slow traveller
subscribe to be the first to read about our newest secret places and unique destinations










thank you for subscribing our newsletter!












  


  


  



follow us on instagram
@secretplaceshotel







 




suggest a charming lodging
you've probably already told your friends about that amazing place you went to last year. how about sharing the story with us? we're always looking for those unique destinations that make for unforgettable stays that create unforgettable journeys
suggest a lodging









give a voucher
give someone an unforgettable experience. you choose the amount and they will choose where and when.
buy a voucher









about secretplaces

this travel guide is dedicated to those that have retained their sense of adventure, their curiosity for local culture, tradition and gastronomy and take pleasure in every manifestation of beauty. michael and bea have put together a collection of unique places to stay in europe and beyond, independent of price

the word that would best define our personally selected accommodations is "authentic." they are small, often independent, establishments that offer personalized service and a unique atmosphere. the intimacy of these unique places to stay allows for personalized attention to detail and a tailored experience for each guest.

whether it is that romantic guest house committed to fine local cuisine, a small charming countryside hotel placed within breathtaking landscapes, an elegant boutique hotel or luxury hotel in the bustling city centre or a holiday home nestled above the ocean, they are all places that give you that singular feeling of happiness and wellbeing.


our favourite destinations



renowned for its magnificent white sandy beaches, crisp white wines, exquisite fresh fish, and picturesque rice paddies surrounded by lush pine forests. its architecture embraces the intelligent use of materials with simplicity, preserving the essence of pre-existing structures while respecting local traditions. from understated luxury to bohemian chic, this is our selection of the best boutique hotels and holiday homes in comporta and melides.


discover our hidden palazzo's and boutique hotels in venice. a secret list of the 21 best hotels, bed & breakfasts and guest houses in this marvellous city.


discover some of the best beaches in europe. besides that, the algarve has some of the best boutique hotels, bed & breakfasts and luxury villas. we have selected the 81 most beautiful places to stay in the algarve.







best city breaks




from the quartier du marais to saint-germain des prés and from the etoile to the gare du nord. our selection of the 17 best luxury hotels and boutique hotels in paris




unbelievably undiscovered, vejer de la frontera is a jewel on the coast of cádiz. we have put together the 6 best boutique hotels and bed ad breakfasts in vejer de la frontera for you.




from luxury to hippy chic. this is our selection of the best boutique hotels and holiday homes in comporta and melides.







our top countries



spain boutique hotels and holiday homes


portugal boutique hotels and holiday homes


italy boutique hotels and villas


france boutique hotels


brazil hotels and pousadas


morocco riads and hotels


greece boutique hotels


england boutique hotels


 south africa boutique hotels


germany boutique hotels


netherlands boutique hotels


belgium boutique hotels


austria boutique hotels


turkey boutique hotels


sweden boutique hotels


czech republic hotels


ireland boutique hotels


scotland boutique hotels 


denmark hotels boutique


croatia boutique hotels 


switzerland boutique hotels


slovenia boutique hotels


poland boutique hotels





our top destinations



tuscany hotels and holiday homes


french riviera & provence hotels and guest houses


lisbon coast hotels and holiday homes


south tyrol boutique hotels


siciliy hotels and guest houses


sardinia boutique hotels and guest houses


algarve hotels and holiday homes


mallorca boutique hotels and b&bs


ibiza boutique hotels and guest houses


canary islands hotels and guest houses


crete hotels and guest houses


brittany hotels


azores hotels and guest houses


amalfi coast hotels and guest houses


andalusia hotels and guest houses


costa de la luz hotels


catalonia hotels and holiday homes


cyclades islands boutique hotels





top city breaks



lisbon hotels and holiday homes


venice hotels and palaces


barcelona boutique hotels and holiday homes


paris boutique hotels


porto hotels and self-catering apartments


marrakech riads and hotels


florence boutique hotels


london boutique hotels


rome hotels


berlin hotels and holiday homes


madrid hotels


amsterdam hotels


milan hotels


copenhagen hotels


stockholm hotels


istanbul hotels


dublin hotels


prague hotels


rio de janeiro hotels














a travel guide dedicated to those that have retained their sense of adventure, their curiosity
for local culture, tradition and gastronomy and take pleasure in every manifestation of beauty.




our awards:






 +351214647430
about us
blog
gift vouchers
suggest a lodging
faq
sign-up to our newsletter


terms and conditions
impressum
cookie policy
access lodging owners
forget me









secretplaces deutschland
secretplaces españa
secretplaces portugal

secretplaces copyright all rights reserved 2025















loading...










