











electrical & computer engineering | worcester polytechnic institute















			skip to main content
		












      menu
    

 

 









beyond these towers
    



 

 

      search
    







mega menu first column


project-based learning

 


a project-based education


pbl in higher education


lifelong impact 




academics

 


degrees and certificates


departments & programs


undergraduate studies


graduate studies


pre-collegiate outreach


online graduate programs


online professional development


the stem education center


faculty


academic calendar


academic catalogs






mega menu second column


admissions & aid

 


undergraduate admissions


graduate admissions


financial aid




athletics


the student experience

 


community & culture


housing & dining


getting involved


sports & recreation


health & wellness


resources & support


the first-year experience






mega menu third column


research

 


areas of research


institutes & centers


student research


core research facilities




innovation & entrepreneurship


news & events


give to wpi




mega menu fourth column


students


parents


faculty & staff


alumni


employers & partners


k-12


media









search






common searches:


where is wpi?


interested in study abroad?


what research is wpi known for?


what is project-based learning?


does wpi have sports?









breadcrumb





 
home

 
academics

 
schools, departments & programs

 
electrical & computer engineering




















electrical & computer engineering



 




 




 







previous
 

next
 










wpi's electrical and computer engineering (ece) department, located in historic atwater kent laboratories, is a community of world-class faculty and students conducting research on diverse subjects including machine learning, cryptography and information security, signal processing, autonomous vehicles, smart health, prosthetic control, analog and digital microelectronics, and wireless information networks. we have a strong tradition of making significant contributions to science and engineering, ranging from the invention of the negative feedback amplifier to laying the foundations of the first wireless local area networks.
through our innovative theory and practice curriculum, hands-on laboratories, and project-based learning, the ece department continually strives to develop the next generation of engineers who will develop new technologies and seek creative solutions to society’s most pressing problems. we pride ourselves on our culture of creative scholarship; faculty, students, and staff work closely together and encourage each other through challenges both in the classroom and in life.





site menu




 
sidebar menu

 




 
schools, departments & programs 


 




electrical & computer engineering

 


courses


research

 


cybersecurity and privacy


healthcare and quality of life


machine learning


smart and connected world




resources


faculty & staff


major qualifying project

 


quick guide


advisors




abet accreditation











contact

location:
atwater kent laboratories


phone:
508-831-5231


					ecesec@wpi.edu
				  




















announcements







	see more announcements







the next wave: artificial intelligence in project-based learning at wpi


november 22, 2024

[marketing communications]



save the date: aug. 9 research experiences for teachers (ret) poster symposium on un sdgs


july 25, 2024

[stem education center]



podcast: high power rocketry club looks ahead to spaceport cup


june 07, 2024

[marketing communications]



award-winning engineer named new director of systems engineering at wpi


april 29, 2024

[marketing communications]

















news







	see more news








 







shahin tajik receives career award for cybersecurity research




may 30, 2024


listen: 














      00:00 |
      04:36
    





      your browser does not support the audio element.
    








 






student race car builders find formula for success




may 13, 2024


listen: 














      00:00 |
      08:49
    





      your browser does not support the audio element.
    








 







new seed grants awarded for photonics and deij research




january 25, 2024







 







researcher leads development of oxygen sensor for infants of color 




november 13, 2023


listen: 














      00:00 |
      06:20
    





      your browser does not support the audio element.
    
















media coverage







	see more media coverage







        statetech
    
physical security, hardening and access control at the network’s edge


securing edge servers and edge data centers requires measures to protect against physical and environmental threats; and dangers from bad actors seeking to tamper with them. shahin tajik, assistant professor of electrical & computer engineering, shared his thoughts in statetech on how to protect critical devices from vulnerability. 







        techopedia
    
top 8 tech trends that will shape the world in 2025


techopedia asked experts to weigh in on their expectations for new developments in technology in the new year. alexander wyglinski, professor of electrical and computer engineering and associate dean of graduate studies, shared insight on the potential applications of the rise of 6g technology, including remote health monitoring, information sharing among vehicles, virtual reality, and augmented reality.
 







        boston globe
    
with towers destroyed, hurricane milton is a real-time test for satellite cell service


recent hurricanes are putting the spotlight on ways to address disaster-related cell phone service outages. some providers are turning to space, leveraging satellites to keep customers connected. professor alexander wyglinski, in the department of electrical and computer engineering, provided analysis on satellite-to-cell systems, including potential benefits and challenges, for this article in the boston globe.







































					wpi enables more accurate, non-invasive, and remote patient monitoring with cadence
				

embark on an enthralling exploration at the crossroads of academia and industry, where cadence design systems highlights the pioneering research of wpi ece professor ulkuhan guler and umass chan medical school pediatric dr. lawrence rhein in the exclusive "designed with cadence" series.




















					spotlight on engineering: hardware security research
				

patrick schaumont, professor of electrical and computer engineering, is an expert in hardware security. as part of the vernam lab, where several key experts are working on various perspectives of secure system design, he aims to develop designs and prototypes and methods and tools. partnering with wpi experts in this field can help industry collaborators transfer their own ideas into viable products.




















					wireless sensors for a new prosthetics device
				

professor ted clancy, a local prosthetics company, and an occupational therapist with limb absence have teamed up to develop wireless sensors to improve the performance of prosthetics for individuals with upper limb amputations. “this wireless sensor technology will have a major impact for individuals with limb absence and allow them to control their hand and wrist prostheses,” said clancy, professor of electrical and computer engineering.










	learn more about the wireless sensors 




















					driving straight into an autonomous future
				

with self-driving cars promising to become part of our everyday lives, one mqp team took on the challenge of retrofitting a traditional vehicle to become a self-driving automobile. under the supervision of ece professor alex wyglinski, team members built a modular platform, using lidar, which uses lasers and sensors to measure distance, ultrasonic sensors, motors, and a high-performance computing module that can make any ground vehicle drive autonomously. 










	read the story 









meet our students









      
      jack adiletta '25
      
    
bs in electrical & computer engineering and data science 
wpi’s expansive opportunities allow jack to participate in many different sporting activities while also supporting his learning and research endeavors. [...]








	read more









      
      ibraheim ibraheim '25
      
    
bs in electrical and computer engineering 
first-generation student, ibraheim, thrives in wpi’s network of community support and connection.  [...]








	read more









      
      chase urban '27
      
    
bs in electrical and computer engineering 
chase embraces his love of theater and engineering, while remaining an active member of the greek community.[...]








	read more









      
      bora hurst '25
      
    
bs in electrical and computer engineering 
bora applies the lessons he learns as a member of the swim team to all aspects of his life.  [...]








	read more









      
      robbie oleynick '24
      
    
bs in electrical & computer engineering  
at wpi, robbie is pursuing his passion for music alongside his interest in electrical & computer engineering and computer science[...]








	read more








previous
 

next
 


















								learn more about a bs/ms degree
							



								school of engineering
							







				apply
			
interested in studying at wpi?



								apply to undergraduate programs
							



								apply to graduate programs
							









degree is also offered online.




area of study
bachelor
              

minor
              

certificate
              

master
              

phd
              





electrical & computer engineering

bachelor


minor


certificate


master



phd





this degree is also offered online.




electrical & computer engineering (meng)







master






















the campaign for worcester polytechnic institute






              beyondthesetowers

now, more than ever, the world needs what we have created and what we do at wpi.







	be a part of it






about wpi


bookstore


canvas


careers


directories




diversity, equity, inclusion & belonging


library


offices


topics




          student well-being resources
        
worcester polytechnic institute
100 institute road
worcester,
        ma |
        01609-2280
        ph:
        508-831-5000



contact us
|
coming to campus


emergency management
|
accessibility




twitter/x



instagram
 

facebook
 

tiktok



youtube
 

linkedin
 




















