


ats heavy equipment operator, crane operator training, rigger training, and cdl training
















































 menu
                    





 contact us


 (800) 383-7364


 admissions@operator-school.com


 we are hiring instructors!



connect with us

















home
about us

training programs

heavy equipment
mobile crane
truck driving
get your cdl
rigging/signalperson
tower crane
digger derrick

specialized training
training dates


news
free starter kit
apply online
work for ats
financial assistance
career services
housing assistance
military benefits
accreditations
credentials
reviews
virtual tour
photo gallery
watch videos
labor market
agency personnel
employers
blog
contact us




  

associated training services
























heavy equipment training





heavy equipment training





heavy equipment training





heavy equipment training





heavy equipment training





mobile crane operator training





mobile crane operator training





tower crane training





rigging and signalperson training




previous



next








                                photogallery
                                click here




                                free starterkit
                                click here




                                applyonline
                                click here




                                contactus now
                                click here





                                hiringinstructors!
                                click here




                                read ourreviews
                                click here





heavy equipment training
ats offers two levels of heavy equipment operator training which include operation of backhoes, bulldozers, excavators, wheel loaders, scrapers, all-terrain fork lifts, motor graders, and articulated off-road dump trucks.
these are the types of equipment most common in the industries which hire heavy equipment operators.
these programs also include subject matter such as grade reading, grade stakes, laser levels, site plans, site layout, soils, and safety.
read more...


crane operator training
ats offers three levels of crane operator training:
level one 
                                - small hydraulic cranes
                                - large hydraulic cranes
level two 
                                - lattice boom cranes
                                - articulated boom cranes
level three 
                                - tower cranes
                                - digger derricks
                            
these programs are designed to safely operate these cranes and to help the student get their certification through the nation commission for the certification of crane operators (nccco) ™.
read more


truck driver training
a class-a cdl helps ats graduates secure employment as a heavy equipment or crane operator.
this license allows a person to haul their heavy equipment to a job site or drive a mobile crane on public roadways.
these truck driving programs teach a person the basic skills and knowledge needed to drive a class-a commercial vehicle and to get their class-a cdl license.
students entering these programs must have their class-a learners permit from their state of residence prior to attending.
read more...


specialized training program
ats offers both beginner level programs and employer specific customized training at its sun prairie, wisconsin location and at remote locations throughout the country in:
- nccco crane operator training, testing and certification
- nccco rigger-1 & signalperson training, testing and certification
- osha compliant rigging & signal person training, testing and qualification
- class-a cdl commercial driver training, testing and licensing
read more...


rigging/signalperson training
the ats rigging/signalperson training is designed to give the student the skills and knowledge needed to pass the written and practical exams for certification through the national commission for the certification of crane operators (nccco) ™.
this program is an excellent add-on to either the mobile crane or heavy equipment training programs.
read more...


employment assistance
all ats graduates receive free employment assistance providing them with employment leads in their local community. our fifty plus years in operation has generated thousands of employers throughout the country who hire graduates from our programs. the career opportunities in heavy equipment operation, crane operation, and truck driving are some of the most widespread and well paying jobs you will find in any job market.
read more...


financial assistance
ats school offers several tuition financing options. ats's financial assistance program is designed to make it easy and affordable to enroll in any of our training programs. you can apply for financing by filling out our online application.
read more...


housing assistance
ats has established housing assistance for students who stay at our dormitory. we'll reserve a room for you at the dormitory facility for the full length of your training.
read more...


national credentials
associated training services trains individuals for third party credentials.
- national commission for the certification of crane operators (nccco) ™.
read more...




reviews











i just want to say thank you for the training and certification i received at ats. i am now working for tanco running a 50 ton grove rt. i also run the forklift, skid steer and backhoe making $26.00 an hour with $10.00 hire per diem. we travel all year spending a few months in each place building storage tanks.
greg martineau




been here for the last 3 months for heavy and crane and it’s always nice to see the staff and catch up on things. really enjoy coming back. the staff is really good at what they do. 
tyler morrow




all the instructors are helpful and knowledgeable with both the course study, as well as with industry information.
steve gonzalez








chris is a phenomenal teacher. he takes pride in his work and is very informative. i think that he does well at keeping people calm and uses his experience to help others. i really enjoy this school and i think it’s a positive atmosphere. 
tad h.




after 8/1/14, i will be entering second crane program. up to this point, i couldn’t be happier with my decision to come here. the staff is great and instructors are phenomenal. i would most certainly recommend this school to any one of my friends, and i look forward to my upcoming training.
john b.




i would like to thank associated training services for their help in furthering my career as a crane operator in midland, texas. i cannot express how much the training has helped me advance and show my new skills in the field. thanks associated training services.
reuben s.






 




 




company

about us
site map
privacy policy
disclaimer
terms of use
contact us
nccco policies



ats accreditations & associations

national commission for the certification of crane operators (nccco) ™
wisconsin educational approval board
associated builders & contractors
associated general contractors of america
* better business bureau
isnetworld
national underground contractors association



business partners

total resources network
diesel driving school
usa finance
ats-specialized llc



 


* the bbb only accredits the business management of a school, not the quality of the curriculum, or training programs.




copyright © 2025 associated training services. 7190 elder lane, sun prairie, wi 53590. all rights reserved.












