










home - american council of engineering companies of georgia | acec





















































 
 
















skip to content















					login				








					email				








					(404) 521-2324				














facebook icon





linkedin icon





twitter icon





youtube icon






































menu 
about about us acec georgia board of directors acec georgia junior board our staff acec national contact uspolitical advocacy understanding hb 476 capitol updates pac leadership circle pacs major political advocacy winsnews & resources understanding hb 476 engineering georgia magazine job postings 2024 acec georgia salary, benefits and business practices survey webinar & virtual learning opportunitiesevents events calendar georgia engineering awards georgia engineers summer conference georgia transportation summit introduce a girl to engineering day stem day overview of eventsmember info become a member member benefits leadership development opportunities trusts member directory qualified engineering & architecture firms for private plan review and inspections internships & job postings life members member loginget involved! join our mailing list join a committee/forum/tf forums accounting forum aviation forum energy forum geotechnical forum hr forum it forum land development forum legal forum communications committee small firm forum survey/geospatial forum transit forum transportation forum vertical construction forum water & environmental forum task forces inclusion & diversity task force stem workforce task force technology task force committees engineering leadership academy steering committee future leaders program steering committee government affairs council inclusion & diversity task force steering committee membership committee program content committee women in the workforce committee leadership programs introduction to the business of engineering engineering leadership academy future leaders program acec georgia mentorship program young professionals networkawards engineering excellence awards people’s choice award gptq preconstruction design awardsscholarships r. berl elder memorial scholarship








 















the voice of the business of engineering in georgia


























about acec georgia〉 
learn more about acec georgia, our advocacy work, and how you can become a member.
 











become a member〉 
gain access to acec georgia's best-in-class business resources, leadership development, events, and more!
 











find an event〉 
discover our full. calendar of upcoming events. from conferences to webinars, there's something for everyone.
 





































not a member? join acec georgia.






for the business of engineering
acec georgia represents the business interests of engineering firms statewide. membership provides access to industry forums, event discounts (like the georgia engineers summer conference), leadership training, and insurance/retirement options through acec national trusts.







learn more









political advocacy
expand


fighting for the business interests of the engineering industry at every level of government - federal, state and local - by advancing and securing policies that will positively impact firms in every part of our state.




business development
expand


creating networking opportunities, programs and events that allow our members to connect with potential clients, teaming partners, as well as the leaders who influence georgia’s engineering industry.




business resources
expand


providing resources and content to help members manage their firms more efficiently, highlighting industry best practices and trends. our practice-area forums address hr, it, risk management, and legal issues, facilitating knowledge exchange. these forums focus on the unique business challenges faced by firms in specific engineering disciplines.




leadership development
expand


providing best-in-class leadership training programs specifically designed for the up-and-coming talent at every level of our member firms’ organizational charts, focused on instilling business development, client & people management and “big picture” leadership skills.




































upcoming events














view all events



















the acec georgia event app is designed to help attendees navigate key events like the georgia engineers summer conference and the georgia transportation summit. with this app, you can connect with other participants, view schedules, access materials from speakers, and more!































strategic partnerships:















































suggested resources




















acec georgia’s "engineering change" podcast, your guide to the intersection of engineering, politics, and leadership, all served up with a side of georgia charm!






available on:







































engineering georgia is the official, award-winning, statewide magazine of georgia’s engineering industry, published by acec georgia, asce, ashe, gef, gspe, ite, its, nsbe, the georgia pels board, same, seaog, smps, and wts.







read the latest issue



















acec georgia's weekly newsletter of events and other happenings. never miss an event, meeting, or webinar again! sign-up to receive the newsletter in your member infohub or read it on linkedin.








read on linkedin


















leadership development programs




















acec georgia's introduction to the business of engineering is designed to provide employees with 0-5 years of experience with a broad initial exposure to the critical components of the "business side" of a consulting engineering firm. participants will leave with an understanding of the importance of business development, client management, and other firm profitability factors that will make them far more valuable to their firms as they also continue to develop their technical abilities.


















for more than 28 years, this nine-month program has prepared participants for leadership roles within their firms by providing training in management, presentation, and business development skills, as well as the “nuts and bolts” of business, such as firm and project accounting principles, risk management issues, legal issues and an entire session focused solely on the public policy issues affecting the industry.


















this nine-month intensive leadership development course, held every other year, is designed for leadership-track employees who are experienced in managing projects and people and who are being considered for higher-level roles within their firm. the course is focused on expanding their perspective from the day-to-day nuts-and-bolts of managing to the big picture and strategic thinking required to lead a firm, department, or practice area.












learn more about acec georgia's leadership programs


















our office:






need help finding our office? click here!


























 












© 2025 american council of engineering companies of georgia | acec
 | 
site by growthzone































resources









facebook icon





linkedin icon





twitter icon





youtube icon












member directory 









login




member login 










get in touch






american council of engineering companies of georgia









google map




229 peachtree street, international tower, suite 1800 atlanta, ga 30303 










phone icon and link




(404) 521-2324











email icon and link




info@acecga.org 


















 © 2025 american council of engineering companies of georgia | acec.  all rights reserved. site by growthzone 








 















