



home | city of vancouver





































































skip to content 
skip to main navigation
skip to section navigation
skip to search





















chat




quote top






quote bottom






online services











contact
				



translate
			



careers
			




guides
        





online services
			



areas of the city




green vancouveryour governmentabout vancouverparks, recreation, and culturehome, property, and developmentpeople and programsstreets and transportationdoing business


 


site search:












official homepage for the city of vancouver






apply





find info circle





pay dollar sign





property tax







vanmap





talk to us





building permits





chevron-right



arrow-down










i need to...









pay









parking ticket
property tax
utility bill










apply









building or development permit
business licence
short-term rental business licence










find









waste collection schedule
recreation programs
road closures










connect









report an issue
book an inspection
shape your city




more online services









what's new








family day holiday hours

city hall will be closed monday, february 17 for family day. we will reopen on tuesday, february 18 at 8:30am.
review holiday hours for city hall and recreation facilities.








apply for vancouver music fund grants

the fund supports indigenous and underrepresented groups working in the music and sound recording industry. 
apply for a demo recording or business foundations grant by march 12, 2025.








black history month

february is black history month, and this year we are shining a spotlight on black-owned businesses in vancouver.








tell us about your payment experience

we offer several ways to pay your bills, permits, and fines. let us know what payment methods you use and your experiences with them. your feedback matters.








staying safe during winter weather

snow, ice, and freezing temperatures may increase your risk of illness or injury. take steps to protect your health during winter conditions. 


 








parks, recreation, and culture





                       parks, gardens, and beaches
                       






                       facilities and schedules
                       






                       theatres and performance spaces
                       






                       public art
                       









stanley park is a magnificent green oasis in the midst of vancouver’s urban landscape.
                 
visit stanley park




more parks, recreation, and culture















about vancouver





                            jobs and careers
                            






                            areas of the city
                            






                            volunteering
                            













housing 
        
        

we're creating a city of communities that cares about its people, environment, and opportunities to live, work, and prosper.










walk, bike, roll, transit 
        
        

more people than ever choose to walk, bike, roll, and take transit to get around. find out how we support these active ways of getting around.





more about vancouver





home, property, and development





                            utility and landfill bills
                            






                            waste and recycling
                            






                            water, sewer, and energy
                            













building and renovating 
        
        

get building permits and guidelines to keep your building and renovation projects up to code and on track.










urban planning, zoning, and development 
        
        

we considers the implications of a wide range of social, economic, physical, and environment issues on the liveability of vancouver.





more home, property, and development





your government





                            get government information
                            






                            city operations and policies
                            






                            city boards and agencies
                            













vancouver city council 
        
        

vancouver city council is made up of the mayor and 10 councillors who are elected at large for a four-year term.










public consultation 
        
        

find out all the ways that you can join the conversation about the issues that matter the most to you.





more your government





news







city of vancouver launches new strategy for market rental housing on city land 
                        
                    

feb 6, 2025








auditor general releases 2024 whistleblower report 
                        
                    

feb 6, 2025








roundup of business at city council for the week of february 3, 2025 
                        
                    

feb 6, 2025





view all news




events

























view all events









more events










contact information, partner agencies, and website policies










download van311
more apps and online services








chat with us
clock icon9am to 4pm daily

tell us online
report accessibility barriers
talk vancouver panel
shape your city engagement
facebook icon   x icon   instagram icon   linkedin icon   youtube icon 
more social media









3-1-1 604-873-7000
mon to frimonday to friday: 7am to 7pm
weekends/holidays: 8am to 5pm

request an interpreter
more ways to contact us
translate this site










city hall
	453 west 12th ave
	vancouver, bc
	v5y 1v4


opening hours
directions
directions






careers
media centre
investor relations
suppliers




vancouver board of parks and recreation
vancouver city theatres
vancouver fire rescue services
vancouver police department
vancouver public library




land acknowledgement



the city of vancouver acknowledges that it is situated on the unceded traditional territories of the xʷməθkʷəy̓əm (musqueam indian band), sḵwx̱wú7mesh (squamish nation), and səlilwətaɬ (tsleil-waututh nation)
more about unceded traditional territories





                   © 2025 city of vancouver
                    




terms of use


privacy


website accessibility
















green vancouveryour governmentabout vancouverparks, recreation, and culturehome, property, and developmentpeople and programsstreets and transportationdoing businesssearchvan311vpn clientconnecting off-network workerssitemap protocol 0.9facebook events feedservice temporarily  unavailableservice temporarily  unavailable - internalonline services, tools, and mobile appsguidessuccess! your form was receivedthank you for opting inpermits & licences 404 pageservice temporarily unavailableinternaltranslate404 page404-former-websitegoogle map windowi want to - mobile - do not modify or deletetruma rss for homepage eventssite-alert












