










usa taekwondo | usa taekwondo









































close and continue skip to contentusatkd teams2025 u.s. national teamsnational rankingspathways & proceduresusatkd team resourcesathlete ombudsparalympic athlete infou.s. teams archive2023 u.s. rank | patch winnersevents/campswatchlive!usatkd calendarlogin|register, opens in a new tab2025 u.s. open championships2025 u.s. american open - west2025 u.s. american open - east2025 u.s. national championships2025 u.s. season final2025 u.s. team trialsresourcesresults | past eventscompetition rulesstate championshipsworld taekwondo global licenseevent bid manualssanction an eventeducationathleteusatkd university, opens in a new tabsparring univ live!, opens in a new tabpoomsae univ live!, opens in a new tabsport degree univ coursessport tkd univ courses, opens in a new tabsafesportadm - athlete development modelcoachusatkd coach coursesfree coach univ courses, opens in a new tabwt - world taekwondo courses, opens in a new tabcap-coach accelerator programsafesportrefereeusatkd kyorugi referee coursesusatkd poomsae referee coursessafesportmembershipjoin | renew membership, opens in a new tabathletecoachrefereeclubgetting startedgetting startedwhat is taekwondo?become a usatkd memberhow to find a taekwondo schoolrecognition2024 end of year awardslifetime memberspoints patch winnersall-academic awardclub of excellence awardkey informationsafesportresourcesdiversity & inclusionstate associationslatest newsshop, opens in a new tabsponsordonateusa taekwondoofficial home of usa champions2025 eventsusatkd university live, opens in a new tabto see sponsored ads, please enable javascript.2025 u.s. open championshipswitness the power, determination, and sheer talent of athletes from around the globe at the 2025 u.s. open championships. tune in from february 14-16 to watch these incredible individuals push themselves to the limit and inspire us all to reach for our own personal best. don't miss a moment of the action - this is where champions are made!watchlive!upcoming 2025 usatkd events#2025 u.s. american open west2025 u.s. american open east2025 u.s. national championships2025 u.s. season finalusa taekwondo ceo steve mcnally commits to 2028 and beyondusa taekwondo ceo steve mcnally commits to 2028 and beyondfor immediate releasecharlotte, nc – usa taekwondo (usatkd) is thrilled to announce that ceo steve mcnally has signed a contract to lead the organization through the los angeles 2028 olympic gam...jan 16, 2025usa taekwondo and vision/tusah introduce the 2025 usatkd anna & sun kang academic excellence scholarshipusa taekwondo and vision/tusah introduce the 2025 usatkd anna & sun kang academic excellence scholarshipfor immediate releasecharlotte, nc - dec 9, 2024: usa taekwondo and vision/tusah introduce the 2025 usatkd anna & sun kang academic excellence schol...dec 9, 2024usa taekwondo named mna of the year at world taekwondo galafor immediate release usa taekwondo named mna of the year at world taekwondo gala[charlotte, nc, december 4, 2024] – usa taekwondo (usatkd) is proud to announce that it has been named mna (member national association) of the year at the prestigious wor...dec 4, 2024reminder:  usatkd athletes advisory council 2025-2028 self nominations now openusatkd athletes advisory council (aac)usatkd aac is seeking candidates for the next election to serve from 2025-2028. the mission of the aac is to communicate the interests and protect the rights of athletes in cooperative support of usatkd in achievin...oct 29, 2024congratulations to alex lee - new 2025-2028 team usa athlete's commission representative2025-2028 team usa athlete's commission (team usa ac) election has completedthe 2025-2028 team usa athlete's commission representative for the sport of taekwondo election has completed.  usa taekwondo was fortunate to have an election ballot with incre...oct 28, 20242024 aac bylaw amendmentthe athletes' advisory council is proposing an amendment to the bylaws.  this proposal amendment impacts the composition of the aac.  it proposes updating the number of paralympic representatives to conform to usopc rules and updating the usopc aac to ...oct 1, 2024to load more content, please enable javascript.load moreusatkd university#usa sparring univeristy live! subscribe $19/mth, opens in a new tabusa poomsae univeristy live! subscribe $19/mth, opens in a new tabsport tkd courses get started for $1, opens in a new tabfree coach courses free coach courses, opens in a new tabkey links#become a memberwatchlive! | eventsusatkd university, opens in a new tabmake a donationsafesport#safest place to playyou are safe on & off the mat with usa taekwondowhether you are participating at a usa taekwondo event or camp, policies and procedures are followed with your safety in mind.choosing where to train and compete is an important decision.  usa taekwondo p...safesportservices for all usa tkd olympic & paralympic athletesthe safety of all amateur athletes is a primary goal of the usa taekwondo organization. the u.s. center for safesport, u.s. olympic & paralympic committee (uspoc) and national governing body usa tae...safesport sanction listmanasreh decker, stephen corey (suspended pending resolution of criminal complaint - involving minor)dhinakaran chinappen (suspension - date of issuance 1/29/24);  sexual misconduct rafael rodriguez (date of permanent ineligibity 6/22/23, (subject to a...report a safety concern report a safety concern, opens in a new tabusa taekwondo sponsors#united states performance center, opens in a new tabjung kwan jang, opens in a new tabtusah, opens in a new tabkukkiwon, opens in a new tabusatkd social media comment policywe encourage our members, our community, and the public to share and learn from others to build a valuable online community that is positive, respectful and enables interaction.  view  accessibilitysite mapcontact uscareersterms of use, opens in a new tabprivacy policy, opens in a new tabombuds, opens in a new tabprivacy preference center© 2025  copyright © usa taekwondo- all rights reserved.




cookie settings










