 









american sail














































































 







 













 search





search





search





				filter by type:				




articles
category
hikashop category
hikashop product






				search for:			




					all words				


					any word				


					exact phrase				


					phrase prefix				


					wildcard				


					fuzzy query				


				- all words: returns only documents that match all words. - any word: returns documents that match any word. - exact phrase: returns only documents that match the exact phrase entered. - phrase prefix: works like the exact phrase mode, except that it allows for prefix matches on the last term in the text. - wildcard: returns documents that match a wildcard expression. - fuzzy query: returns documents that contain terms similar to the search term. for example: if you search for kolumbia. it will return search results that contain columbia or colombia.			




search


 












 

 




home






about us

 






back




company history






construction process












products

 






back




sailboats & dinghies

 






back




american 14.6






american 18






aqua cat 14 catamaran






aqua finn daysailer






pennant daysailer






sail colors












parts & accessories

 






back




accessories






dollies






parts ordering information






aqua cat parts






aqua cat ii parts






aqua finn parts






american 14.6 parts






american 18 parts






the dinks parts






pennant parts












replacement sails

 






back




sails for american sail boats












outboard motors






trolling motors












boat shows






specials






faq






testimonials






pricing / contact











 






 




































 


 











                    welcome to american sail                
builder of small sailboats, catamarans, and daysailers
small sailboats are our specialty! we've made fun family sailboats for over 40 years.
american sail got its start over 40 years ago in 1976 with the purchase of the aqua cat catamaran.  over the years we have grown to offer many more sailboats in our line including a larger version of the aqua cat and four daysailers that are the aqua finn daysailer, pennant daysailer, american 14.6,  and american 18 daysailer.
if you're looking for the best small sailboats you've come to the right place.  all of our family daysailers are designed for fun and not hard-core racing. any of our boats can be rigged by one person in under 20 minutes.
we are factory direct. if you have any questions regarding pricing or parts orders please do not hesitate to give us a call at 800-844-2399 or use our contact form.











 




american sail inc. 7350 pepperdam avenue, charleston sc 29418 tel.: (843) 552-8548  | toll free: (800) 844-2399   | fax: (843) 552-7770 | email: amerisail@gmail.com


















