

 


homepage - soulforce




















































































 











 skip to primary navigation skip to main content skip to footersoulforcesabotage christian supremacyabout

who we are
sabotage christian supremacy
our team & community
our history
our impact
contact


what we do

teología sin vergüenza

encuentro 2024


spiritual violence institute
religious exemption accountability project


resource library

english resources
biblioteca de recursos espirituales
additional languages


blog
engage
store
donate










 
slide 1we are queer people reclaiming our spirits from weaponized religion.learn more about christian supremacy and what it takes to sabotage it.
learn more 







political & theological resources
our spirit resource library is a collection of free, accessible, spirit-led political and theological resources that center our commitment to justice for all marginalized people. download these free pdfs on the landing page, or request paper copies on our contact page.

get resources





teología sin vergüenza
we are sabotaging christian supremacy across borders and languages by amplifying bold feminist & queer theologies in spanish by-and-for queer latinx communities. learn more about the website and plug into our community of sinvergüenzas.

learn more





institute on spiritual violence, healing & social change
we bring together professionals from the social sciences, activists, religious leaders and other civil society actors to confront violence based on spirituality and religion that so many people and groups face on a daily basis and that point to a deep historical wound in urgent need of healing.

learn more





workshops and strategic movement consultations
we act as strategic thinking partners to groups who are seeking more tools to unpack white christian supremacy and heal from spiritual violence. we also offer a limited number of workshops each year to groups, organizations, schools, universities, and faith communities.

contact us







religious exemption accountability project (reap)
reap is using litigation, storytelling, and organizing to challenge the right’s strategy of using religious exemptions to legally discriminate against lgbtqi people at hundreds of publicly-funded christian colleges and universities in the united states. at the heart of this initiative is a groundbreaking lawsuit, elizabeth hunter, et al. v. u.s. department of education, which seeks to end the federal funding of any university that discriminates and abuses lgbtqi people.

learn more








footer















first name(required)


first name

last name(required)


last name

email(required)


 











p.o. box 2499, abilene, tx 79604 | 1-800-810-9143 | e-mail us 
homepage
about
what we do
spirit resource library
blog
news
engage
store
donate







copyright © 2025 · 

soulforce is a registered 501(c)3 nonprofit with ein 33-0782888español 



































