














gopher state one call: dig safely with free locate requests




























































                                        ticketing                





                                        professional excavators                





                                        homeowners                





                                        facility operators                





                                        news + events                





                                        promotional items                





                                        resources                








                                        history + background                





                                        online training                





                                        training videos                





                                        purpose + values                





                                        downloads                





                                        industry directory                





                                        board of directors                





                                        contacts                





                                        damage prevention meetings                





                                        dashboards                






 
















select languageenglishafrikaansalbanianarabicarmenianazerbaijanibasquebelarusianbulgariancatalanchinese (simplified)chinese (traditional)croatianczechdanishdutchestonianfilipinofinnishfrenchgaliciangeorgiangermangreekhaitian creolehebrewhindihmonghungarianicelandicindonesianirishitalianjapanesekoreanlatvianlithuanianmacedonianmalaymaltesenorwegianpersianpolishportugueseromanianrussianserbianslovaksloveniansomalispanishswahiliswedishthaiturkishukrainianurduvietnamesewelshyiddish 







the mn state statute 216d one call law is getting updated, changes effective aug. 1, 2024

 learn more  the law  pdf guide
this link goes to the laws as they are currently listed on the state of minnesota website. to see specific language that has changed, select "more info..." in the yellow banner.
 

















my ticket


contacting gopher state one call is easy! simply click one of the buttons below to submit your ticket information quickly and efficiently. you can also search to view the status and positive response of a ticket.
 submit & managetickets homeownersclick here search for a ticket(search & status)
 






white markings: gsoc would like to remind you to mark the excavation area in white prior to submitting the locate request. white markings are required by law and increase the efficiency of locators by clearly showing where they need to locate.

























news + events:





					new: free dig safe training and certification course				





					join us at the 2025 mncga upper midwest locate rodeo				





					2025 gsoc holiday schedule				




›
‹












online dashboards


this new feature shows you detailed ticketing statistics fromacross the state in a convenient interactive format.
dashboards
 
















professional excavators




professional excavators
file tickets online, search existing tickets, and view mn rules and regulations.





homeowners




homeowners
find out how to stay safe when you're digging. start here!





facility operators




facility operators
view and organize locate requests, manage notification areas, and submit positive responses.





resources




resources
access a comprehensive array of videos, user manuals and helpful information.








































gopher state one call 1110 centre pointe curve suite 100 mendota heights, mn 55120
  facebook    twitter    youtube    instagram 
 










to file a locate request:
811 | 651-454-0002 | 800-252-1166
questions or concerns regarding a specific ticket number: qa@gopherstateonecall.org









emergency locates only: 1-866-640-3637
gopher state one call is available for emergency calls 24/7.
more contact info>>














call center hours:
april 1st - october 31st: 6am to 6pm november 1st - march 31st: 7am to 5pm









observed holidays:
new year’s day | martin luther king jr. day | presidents day | memorial day | juneteenth | independence day | labor day | veterans day | thanksgiving day | friday after thanksgiving | christmas eve | christmas day














copyright © 2025 gopher state one call































