


welcome to techmind.org





by w.a. steer  phd
about...







 



welcome to techmind.org, a site devoted to sharing my enthusiasm and
knowledge of various aspects of science and technology. you'll find approachable but
in-depth information on many topics including single-image autostereograms (those clever
3d pictures), electronics and pc interfacing projects, audio and graphics programming, sonoluminescence, as well as ready-to-run downloadable programs to experiment with.
i hope you find the site useful.
feature articles


stereogram discussion, algorithms & software
ever wondered how those 3d pictures work, or how to make your own? this section
explains all, from a very general overview of the principle and software to download,
right down to a line-by-line description of the algorithms i used.


sonoluminescence
sonoluminescence is a little-understood phenomenon whereby light is emitted by tiny bubbles suspended in a liquid subjected to intense acoustic fields. this illustrated article explains in detail how i set up apparatus to demonstrate the effect.

digital photo printing - a technical assessment
consumer in-store and online digital photo printing services have recently become widely available.
i generated a series of photographs and test-images to evaluate these services from a technical perspective,
and my findings are presented here.

digital photo printing guide
a 'prequel' to the technical assessment. building on my experience, this page sets out the basics of getting
the best out of consumer photo-printing services, including introductory-level colour-matching.

digital signal processing
a practical introduction to dsp techniques for frequency-domain processing. [new/still evolving]


software to experiment with

soundcard audio tools and toys - signal generator, frequency counter, spectrum analyser, acoustic radar... and more!



homebrew video projects

mkii video digitiser - get-you-started constructional project
mki video digitiser - with additional background material
software-based pal colour-decoding
pal colour-recovery from black-and-white tele-recordings [new!]



optical section

lcd monitor technology and tests - an insight into lcds
introduction to colour science - accurate colour reproduction on display-screens and more...
colour-temperature and whitepoints - an introduction to the definition of colour-temperature, complete with accurate colour examples
zoneplates - a useful mathematical pattern


small photo gallery - taken with traditional 35mm film!


canon powershot g9 - long-term review


short technical notes

rs232 serial data cable wiring solutions - will solve most problems
gsm mobile telephone signals - a brief technical look at the emissions from a handset
jerky dvd playback in windows? - explanation and cure for a common windows problem
what is 'digital'? - (less technical) introduction to what 'digital' means for the average consumer
guaranteed equity bonds - a short sidetrack exposing the underhand use of maths and statistics in the formulation of these 'investment' products
huawei 3g mobile broadband dongles - free unlocking and making more interoperable
raspberry pi 3g mobile broadband dongle/router interface - interface a huawei e3256 to an ethernet port


understanding and visualising energy issues
we hear more and more about the environment, global warming, co2 in the media, yet too many stories
and column-inches are well-meaning but emotionally charged and poorly-informed. this new section of my
website aims to try and give a more balenced and scientifically-rooted perspective on energy-issues.


energy calculations - calculations and key figures to facilitate
some rationality in energy debates


projects blog...
a new feature - the tech proj blog!

techmind projects blog - the latest on projects i have under development, or in-mind


external links...
if you enjoyed this site, you might find some of my "bookmarks" useful.

external links - some of my bookmarks


historical...
a complete mirror of my old site ( http://www.ucl.ac.uk/~ucapwas/ ) can be found at
http://www.techmind.org/ucapwas/ .

please don't forge any new links to these pages though; this mirror is only supposed to be temporary. thanks.



created: october 2001
last modified: 15 jan 2012

source: http://www.techmind.org/


©2005-12 william andrew steer
andrew@techmind.org



