

 





healing from depression with mental health coach douglas bloch














































 

 skip to primary navigation skip to main contenthealing from depressionwith mental health coach douglas blochwhat is depression

types of depression
what are the causes of depression?
depression screening test
addiction and depression
when loss leads to depression
famous people with mood disorders


videos
my story

how i was healed from depression
my daily survival plan
how i avoided suicide
inspiring words that gave me hope
how my breakdown became a breakthrough


depression tools

setting the intention to heal
antidepressant therapy
electroconvulsive therapy: beneficial or barbaric?
transcranial magnetic stimulation (tms)
natural alternatives to prozac
hospitalization: when is it appropriate?
recovering from depression one day at a time
seek to manage your depression, not to cure it


suicide prevention

suicide prevention overview
when a loved one is suicidal
inside the suicidal mind
preventing teenage suicide
suicide hotlines
survival tips


self care

managing anxiety that often accompanies depression
managing depression holistically
your personal “brain maintenance” program
when someone you love is depressed
overcoming the stigma of depression
depression and weight management


recovery tools

the power of prayer
healing childhood wounds to heal from depression
relapse prevention
gratitude and depression
bearing the unbearable pain
how pets can help us to heal from depression


resources

depression help print books
ebooks to help depression
newsletters to help depression
articles
healing affirmations


contact
blog
show searchsearch this website hide search

healing from depression
your site for hope and healing
click play to hear a welcome message from douglas bloch.







welcome to healing from depression. my name is douglas bloch. i am an author, a mental health educator and a depression survivor. the information on this site is for educational purposes only and is not meant to evaluate, treat or diagnose any mental health condition. i am not a counselor, therapist or psychologist. i am someone who has struggled with depression and wishes to share what i have learned with others who are going through the same experience





if you have come to this page, it is most likely because you or a loved one is experiencing the pain of depression and anxiety. i know this pain well  for most of my life i have struggled with depression and anxiety. in the fall of 1996, i suffered a life-threatening depressive illness, i was plagued with dark suicidal thoughts that alternated with out-of-control anxiety and agitation, i was living in a hell created by my own disordered brain.

in order to stay alive, i developed a series of coping strategies which i called, “my daily survival plan for living in hell.” eventually, those tools helped me to get well and later i used them to form the foundation of my depression recovery program .
i created this web site in to share these coping skills with you. as you navigate this site, you will see that there many useful tools and resources that are designed to help you to feel better and to reduce your symptoms of anxiety and depression with those of wellness and joy. some of the topics i include are:


my personal story of depression recoverythe causes and symptoms of depressionall you need to know about antidepressantshow to find natural alternatives to prozac and other antidepressantshow to turn negative self-talk to positive affirmations


how to cope when your pain becomes unbearablehow to find alternatives to suicidethe role of pets in healing from depression.what to do when someone you love is depressed


i know that the information on this site will be helpful to you because as a depression survivor, i know this territory well. i can assure you that there is a path to healing and recovery and a reason for hope.
please feel free to contact me (douglasbloch@gmail.com) if you have any questions about the information you find. i wish you the best on your healing journey.
sincerely,douglas bloch, m.a.





depression recovery blog

don’t believe what your brain is telling youdon’t believe what your brain is telling you when your mind is telling you that you should end your life, chemical imbalances inside your brain have created a distorted view of your present and future circumstances. this distorted view of life means that you are likely to see yourself, your experiences, and your future in… read more: don’t believe what your brain is telling you
notice moments of gracenotice moments of grace whenever people ask me what being suicidal feels like, i reply, “it’s like being in hell.” by using the word “hell,” i mean a state of ongoing, agonizing pain that seems to always be with you. during a suicidal episode, i asked my therapist pat what she thought of this metaphor… read more: notice moments of grace






view all posts








depression recovery videos



watch douglas recount how he how he survived a depressive episode and healed his depression.then sign up to receive new healing videos delivered to your email inbox.


mental health coaching



in addition to being in a support group, a key part of healing from depression is finding a friend or ally who can guide you through the steps of recovery.


view all of douglas bloch’s videos
douglas bloch’s youtube channel




books
for the past thirty-five years, i have written a number of books designed to give the reader both inspiration and practical tools that will help him or her live optimally and to better cope with depression and anxiety. i have made all of these works available on this web site so that you can find the resource that works best for your healing.

learn about my:

print books
e-books



to learn about the book healing from depression, click on the image above.


free e-tip newsletters

depression e-tip newsletters represent another way that you can successfully learn to improve your mood. with each newsletter, you will receive practical tools and information delivered in bite-sized pieces directly to your email inbox. in this way, you can integrate the information over time and look forward to the weekly ritual of opening your mail to find a new and helpful e-tip.
this service is provided to you free of charge.
receive our empowering e-tip newsletters to help you heal from your depression.



copyright © 2025 · monochrome pro on genesis framework · wordpress · log in 










