



nathan east – 



































 









nathan eastabout

biography
discography
awards


tour
music
media

photos
videos
press kit


news
podcasts
shop
school
voice over
contact
follow




soul-live



yesterday-single









for-the-record










fourplay-celebrating-25-years



online-bass-school



in the news
eric clapton: ‘the lady in the balcony: lockdown sessions’ lp coming 11/21 (preview)rock cellar magazine staffon september 9, 2021 it’s been an eventful past year or so for eric clapton, who has made headlines for his involvement with van morrison in the singer/songwriter’s “anti-lockdown” songs and with his own outspoken comments […]
eric clapton to release “the lady in the balcony: lockdown sessions” with nathan east on bassthe 17 songs find clapton and longtime bandmates nathan east, steve gadd (drums) and chris stainton (keyboards) performing acoustic renditions bass magazine – sep 9, 2021 eric clapton returns with a remarkable new release, eric clapton “the […]
eric clapton announces 2021 american tour datesjimmie vaughan is opening up the eight-city run, which will be clapton’s only north american tour dates of the year -andy greene kgc-138/star max/ipx/ap images eric clapton is returning to the road in september for an […]
b.b. king and eric clapton’s ‘riding with the king’ album like working with ‘blues royalty’ for nathan eastthe grammy award-winning 2000 album features san diego bassist nathan east, who says: ‘b.b. was such a great storyteller’ by george varga having already worked separately with b.b. king and eric clapton, bass-guitar great nathan east was understandably delighted […]
dive into nathan east’s astonishing bass creditsnathan east, the master musician who teaches bass guitar lessons at artistworks, has clocked in an astonishing number of hours in the studio. in fact, he’s considered to be one of the most recorded bass […]
newswatch ringo starr’s new video for ‘what’s my name’ title trackringo starr has marked today’s (25) release of his 20th solo album, what’s my name, by unveiling a new video for its current single and title track. the graphic-intensive clip features the world-famous vocalist, drummer and […]

connect with nathan east


 


 
here’s what they are saying…
i love his spirit!
wynonna juddin 100 years we will be talking about what he did on the bass.
dave kozhe never ceases to amazing me, his ability to adapt to the genre he is playing in.
kenny logginshe is selfless. that is what is incredible about nathan east.
herbie hancockif you have listened to any radio, any song, anywhere in the world in the last 40 years chances are you have heard nathan east.
chris gerohe keeps appearing on records decade, after decade, after decade because he has this unique gift.
don wasthe most anticipated debut solo album.
jazz timeshe totally crushed it.
quincy jonestreat your ears to a musical feast and thrilling experience. this album solidifies him as a true artist with impeccable taste.
david foster

search nathaneast.com

copyright © 2025 · agency pro theme on genesis framework · wordpress · log in 




 

































