          cave hill cemetery - home           
       call us     call 502.451.5630 to schedule a burial or speak with a family service advisor about burial and cremation placement options.     locate a loved one             about us missioncemetery maps the cemetery early historythe lakesthe cavefamous people products and services special servicesmonument and marker cleaningpermanent flower vasesarboretumimage gallerytestimonialsavailable options events upcoming eventsfall festprivate toursgrief supportphoto contestjobsnewsrules & regulationscontact    
rich in history... available options...unsurpassed in beauty   click here to watch our episode of pbs' 'world's greatest cemeteries'    help protect the legacy the purpose of the cave hill heritage foundation is to secure funding for the long-term preservation of this unique cemetery.   walking through grief a service of the cave hill heritage foundation offering a series of programs designed to serve families that have recently experienced a loss.     aug 28th spousal-partner grief walking groupsep 7th bourbon barons of cave hilll golf cart toursep 11th spousal-partner grief walking groupsep 13th historical walking toursep 14th civil war wagon toursep 14th kaleidoscope family festival (waterfront botanical gardens)sep 15th literary figures of cave hill golf cart toursep 21st sports figures of cave hill golf cart toursep 22nd historical golf cart toursep 25th spousal-partner grief walking groupsep 28th early jefferson county horseracing figures lecture & toursep 29th military figures of cave hill golf cart touroct 5th cave hill fall festivaloct 6th bourbon barons of cave hilll golf cart touroct 11th historical walking touroct 13th fabulous ladies of louisville golf cart touroct 13th owl prowloct 19th horticulture story of cave hill cemeteryoct 20th interpreting cemetery symbolism golf cart touroct 26th cemetery design lecture & touroct 27th historical golf cart touroct 27th owl prowlnov 2nd historical walking tournov 3rd benjamin grove golf cart tournov 9th veterans day flag-innov 10th literary figures of cave hill golf cart tournov 16th historical walking tour   latest news and updatesdownload the cave hill cemetery appcave hill cemetery is pleased to announce that we have a free app available for download directly from our website. simply click "download our app" from your mobile device on our website to use this wonderful navigational and information tool for cave hill cemetery. you can even take a tour of various points of interest by using the tours link!  kroger community rewardsdid you know that you can help the cave hill heritage foundation simply by swiping your kroger plus card? simply visit www.krogercommunityrewards.com to sign-in/register your kroger card today. click "enroll now" and enter our kroger npo #43424. click on cave hill heritage foundation. click "confirm" to complete the process! if you have questions about this program, please do not hesitate to call our foundation office at 502-813-7761. video perspectives of cave hill cemeterycave hill cemetery is a vital part of louisville history. we invite you to view the following video links to learn more about the heritage of louisville's most beautiful cemetery. what does cave hill cemetery mean to you? the monumental heritage of cave hill cemetery. the horticultural story of cave hill cemetery walking through griefcave hill heritage foundation is pleased to provide bereavement support to our community in our walking through grief program. from our grief walk series, community lecture/program opportunities, to our holiday remembrance service, we are pleased to support you and your family. for more information, please call our office at 502.451.5630. all 2022 program opportunities are listed on our community calendar. private tours and programs are availablecave hill cemetery and cave hill heritage foundation are pleased to host your office for a private tour and gathering opporunity. contact the cave hill heritage foundation at 502.451.5630 to learn more about this opportunity. support the cave hill heritage foundation with amazon smilesupporting the cave hill heritage foundation can be as easy as shopping with amazon smile. simply visit amazon smile, search for and select cave hill heritage foundation as your charity of choice, and shop. they will take care of the rest! cave hill heritage foundation programs & tourswe hope you can join us for one of many programs and tours offered this year. be sure to check out our public tour & program page to learn more. prev  nextchartered by the general assembly of kentucky on february 5, 1848 for the purpose of operating a rural cemetery. cave hill was dedicated in july of that year and the transition of cave hill farm into a beautiful and historic cemetery began. like any pioneer, when william johnston decided to build a brick house in the countryside of the fledging town of louisville, he first searched for a good spring. he found one that helped feed beargrass creek, emanating from a large cave that kept it well protected. read more historybeautiful cave hill cemetery level ii accredited arboretumfull gallery                                 

burial records
discover notable people buried at cave hill cemetery or search our burial records by name to find your ancestors, friends, or loved ones. you are invited to share memories, obituaries, videos, and family history through our database.

burial record search






 
   cave hill cemetery   (502) 451-5630 701 baxter avenue louisville, kentucky 40204    transparency & coverage rule     bbb rating: a+ as of 1/1/2025 click for review      heritage foundationavailable optionsvisitor and floral rulescemetery maparboretumimage gallery     privacy policylouisville obituariesour bookpress kitcontact us copyright © 2025 cave hill cemetery. website design & hosting by rfx technologies.   
               