





greyhound racing ▷ all about the sport and dog races facts 2025















 












menu

skip to content
home page
privacy
about us
contact
 








a look at greyhound racing: interesting facts you may not know 

greyhound racing is one of the most widely available sports betting options in the usa, with many states offering both land-based and online wagering opportunities. in this guide to dog racing, you will learn all you need to know about the sport and the legality of its gambling options.

history of greyhound dog racing in the usa
before greyhound racing as we know it was fully developed, dogs were mainly used in hunting sports. the origins of the sport can be traced back to coursing, which saw greyhounds used to help track and hunt live prey. in 1876, the first attempts to race greyhounds were documented in hendon, england.
although the greyhound races weren’t successful, they inspired innovators to build oval dog tracks. the sport was further developed in the usa with the first purpose-built track opening in emeryville, california in 1917. the track was opened by owen patrick smith, who years earlier invented the mechanical hare for race dogs to track.
gambling was always a major part of dog racing. while the early 20th century saw legal resistance to pari-mutuel gambling, many states legalized horse and dog race betting in the 1930s to boost tax revenues. the sport steadily grew in popularity after world war 2 and reached peak attendance in the 70s and 80s.
formed in 1906, the  national association remains a highly influential organization in the us gambling industry. it concerns itself with matters relating to regulation, race organization, and animal welfare. while greyhound races are by no means as popular as it once were and the dog racing industry faces some decline, it is still an alluring niche gambling option for many players.
important factors in dog racing

if you’re new to greyhound racing, you may not be aware of the different types of greyhound races elements there are. while each commercial dog racing event may seem quite similar, there are several differentiating factors to each event that are well worth understanding, especially if you are interested in betting. these factors are as follows:
distance
different race tracks may have different lengths, though the distances run in different race categories will be standardized across all us tracks. races can be either sprints, middles, stayers, or marathons. sprints are 300m and under, middle races will hover around 450m to 500m, stayers will run between 600 and 700m and marathons can be anywhere up to 1,100m.
surface
the surface is an important factor to consider when making bets, as the weather conditions can have a huge impact on how the dogs race. often, tracks are sand, though they can also be a mix of sand and clay. it’s uncommon to find grass tracks but not totally impossible to find. due to the material of tracks, both rain and hot weather can massively affect the greyhound races outcome.
age
there are different categories of greyhounds which are organized by age. all dogs under 24 months are considered to be puppies and will run in puppy races. while it’s considered that race dogs are in their prime at between 30 and 36 months of age, it’s believed sprint dogs are best between 21 and 30 months old. the dog’s age will always be written on race cards.
most popular greyound races in the world

while greyhound racing has dropped in popularity in the usa, the sport remains extremely popular in countries such as the united kingdom. it’s no surprise, then, why these two nations are home to some of the most prestigious greyhound races in the world. these events, which are also popular with us bettors, include:
the melbourne cup

sharing the same name as the popular horse event, the melbourne cup is considered by many to be the largest greyhound dog racing event in the world. with a prize pool of $350,000 aud up for grabs, bettors from around the world wager millions on the event every year. it is held every november at sandown park.
english derby
in what is the home of greyhound dog racing as we know it, the english derby remains one of the most prestigious dog races in the world. held every year in june or july in towcester derby lane, the event offers a prize pool of £100,000.
east anglican cup

the east anglican cup is a derby race that is run at the yarmouth stadium in norfolk. held since 1975, the 462 metre long race sees the fastest greyhounds in the competition. a prize pool of £15,000 makes it one of the biggest events in british dog racing.
select stakes
the select stakes is held at the nottingham stadium and has been run since 1996. taking place every year in july, the event is an invitation-only 500m one-off race. the greyhound racing writers association pick six of the best dogs to compete for a prize of £7,500.
irish greyhound racing derby
the irish greyhound racing derby is held at shelbourne park, and is the most prestigious event of greyhound dog racing in ireland. the race is run over 503 meters and offers a prize purse of €140,000. held every year between august and september, the event draws in million of bettors around the world.
fastest greyhounds of all time
over the last one hundred years, many great greyhounds have come and gone to inspire generations of eager bettors. although the glory days of the sport are well and truly behind us, there are still some great dogs coming through to smash world records and hundreds of thousands of dollars in prizes. below, we’ve listed some of the fastest and most famous dogs to ever race.

ballyregan bob

tims crow

ravage again

westmead hawk

westmead lord

mick the miller

scurlogue champ


greyhound adoption
as greyhound dog racing exploded in popularity in the 1970s and 1980s, there were concerns among many citizens regarding the welfare of dogs. the resistance by the public, animal welfare groups, and governments soon led to many reforms into the way dogs had to be bred, handled, and homed. time has seen an explosion of interest in greyhound adoption and seen fewer dogs die.
it is estimated that anywhere between 80 and 95 per percent of retired american greyhounds bred for greyhound racing are adopted by thousands of volunteers each year. if you are interested in learning more about adoption, you can find some information on having greyhound as pets after their racing careers, or visit greyhound pets of america.
betting on greyhound dog racing in the usa
the practice of greyhound race betting is much different to other types of sports bets in that it has a unique set of markets. of course, there are standard wagers such as betting on the overall winner, but there are actually far more different options that you can wager on to make things even more interesting. some of these common bet types include:
win bet
a win bet is a wager on the dog that you believe will win the race. this is a single bet and quite straightforward.
place bet
a greyhound racing place bet is a wager on the positions that you think each dog will land at the end of the race. this is usually only for the first, second, and third positions but some bookmakers may allow you to bet on more. just remember that the more options you pick, the lower your odds to win.
forecast bet
there are many different types of forecast bets. called futures bets in other sports, these are wagers on particular outcomes that may not have much to do with the overall result of the race. for example, it could be related to times that a dog could run.
trio betting
this bet can allow you to bet which dogs will be in the top three, and may not require you to bet on which position each will land.
multiples betting
multiples or combination bets are wagers on numerous markets that are calculated together as a single bet slip. as you will need to be successful on all outcomes for a payout to happen, the odds can be much lower and therefore, the payouts much higher.
local laws and regulations
although betting is widely legal across the usa, each state will have its own regulations on what players can bet on and where it is legal to place bets. although many states have now legalized sports betting, you may need to go to an off-track betting parlour or physical sportsbook to make your wager.
after greyhound dog racing being nationwide declined for decades, there aren’t many options for betting in person. as of 2022, there are only two more greyhound racing tracks open for live dog in the us — both being in west virginia.
this means that most bettors will need to either place wagers at an otb, land-based sportsbook and where available, at an online bookie. before you bet, make sure that you only wager with licensed, legal, and legitimate operators.
greyhound race betting tips
if you’re new to betting on greyhound dog racing or are simply looking to boost your chances of winning, there are a few steps that you can take to improve your performance. the following tips, while broad, are some of the most useful tools used by regular bettors to minimize their losses and maximize fun.
make a budget
it’s an essential step to every bet. if you want to mitigate your losses and ensure that you never bet more than you can afford, set a budget before you place your first wager. it’s never wise to chase losses.
research the dogs, tracks, and events
you will always be able to find dog race cards for every event that includes priceless information on the dog’s ages, history, and strengths. you can also learn about the greyhound racing park and its conditions. read this information and research previous performances of competitors to stay ahead of the curve.
learn about different bet types
understand the differences between the different markets and bet types to ensure that you’re not betting on a greyhound racing outcome you have no idea what means. never wager on something that you’re not confident in, and read betting tips to learn what experts recommend.
do an odds comparison
wherever you’re based, there are most likely several different bookmakers that you can use to take advantage of the best odds. compare the prices offered by each site and choose the operator accordingly to boost your profits in case you win.
conclusion
by reading this page, you’ve taken a great step toward being as informed as possible about dog racing. whether you’re looking to make bets on upcoming events or adopt former greyhounds, be sure to explore this domain thoroughly before continuing on.







contents1 history of greyhound dog racing in the usa2 important factors in dog racing3 most popular greyound races in the world4 fastest greyhounds of all time5 betting on greyhound dog racing in the usa 






copyright © 2025 	· greyhounds.org









