





area rugs near me, rug stores near me, rug galleries










rug return policy | about us | contact us














					or try our advanced search









home
best sellers
room gallery
our brands






shop by color



			black and grey
		




			blue
		




			brown and chocolate
		




			gold and yellow
		




			green
		




			multi
		




			orange and rust
		




			pink and peach
		




			purple
		




			red and burgundy
		




			tan and beige
		




			white and ivory
		

shop by price

2 x 3 under $30


3 x 5 under $50


5 x 8 under $100


8 x 10 under $200


9 x 12 under $300

shop by shape

round rugs


square rugs


octagonal rugs


oval rugs


runners


roll runners

shop by theme

braided rugs


contemporary rugs


kids rugs


shag rugs


southwestern rugs


traditional rugs


transitional rugs


floral rugs


country home rugs


more themes ...

shop by size

4 x 6 rugs


5 x 8 rugs


6 x 9 rugs


7 x 9 rugs


8 x 10 rugs


more sizes ...

shop by type

braided rugs


tufted rugs


machine-made rugs


indoor outdoor rugs


more types ...

other

non-slip rug pads


area rugs 101


rug care & cleaning


privacy policy


how to pick a rug


how to clean rugs?


what is olefin?


what is polypropylene?


what is wool?


how to pick a rug?


metro areas


about rugs


glossary


privacy



















buy a rug, improve your home!

				area rugs shipped direct to you from 50 major rug importers and manufacturers at discount near wholesale prices.
				most rugs delivered in 10 days or less. great rugs, great selection, great service, and the lowest price!
excellent live customer service. 
				a real knowledgeable person answers the phone.
				mon.-sat. 10:00am to 4:00pm, sun. closed / pacific time
(360) 568-3202
				24hr secure online ordering
			




			please stop by our outlet store if you live in the greater seattle or bellevue area. we would love to show you our great selection. we are located at 114 avenue d in snohomish, wa 98290
		






1001arearugs.com

1001arearugs.com has been serving the public since 1972. we have an a+ rating with the better business bureau. with over 45 years of experience in the rug industry, we can provide you with all of your area rug needs. 1001arearugs.com sells name brand area rugs to everyone at discounted prices. 1001arearugs.com has been on the internet since april 11, 1997. we were the 2nd company with a rug catalog web site on the internet. we are rug and area rug specialists. we only sell rugs and area rugs. our designs are imported from around the world. we can fit your needs and budget with the many shapes, colors, textures, materials, and styles that we display. we have in stock area rugs in oriental, traditional, modern, contemporary, country, persian, european, french aubusson, tribal, southwestern, lodge, american braided, and traditional designs from around the world. we carry new zealand wool rugs, wool and silk rugs, synthetic rugs, natural fiber rugs, blends, bamboo, leather, cotton, sisal, jute, hemp, coir, and other materials. plush rugs, flat woven, carved, shag, looped, carpet mats, cut n' looped, and other textures are featured. some of the types of rugs produced are hooked, hand tufted, hand knotted, and hand crafted. also, there are machine made pile rugs and machine made flat woven rugs.
			here you will find a great selection from low cost, affordable synthetic area rugs to premier quality hand knotted wool and silk rugs. if we do not have it in stock, or on our website, chances are we can locate it for you! just let us know. we will save you money and give you great service. the area rugs from 1001arearugs.com are beautifully designed and are sure to become valued possessions. 
			we discount our rugs and you generally save 30% to 80% off prices found in your local department stores. we check prices on the popular area rug web sites and we give you the lowest advertised price. 
			we provide you with accurate information about the individual rugs that are shown on our web site.
			we have rugs in stock in our showroom and warehouse for immediate delivery.
			if you are not sure where to start, or if you need help choosing the right color, pattern or size for your home, office, apartment, or any room, please give us a call at:
(360) 568-3202

			we have internet returns in our showroom that we discount at prices below the lowest internet price.
		




*not available with any other offers.
**shipping costs to alaska, hawaii and international are extra.
***except in washington statewe reserve the right to use our discretion.


			phone order desk and store hours
			monday - saturday 9am - 5pm pacific time
			sunday closed
		








