




texas speech communication association










convention


member login


join tsca orrenew membership


graduate/undergraduatestudent conference






home
committees
officers
interest groups
district chairs
jobs
journal
newsletter
in memoriam

 









your browser doesn't support iframe.
		






welcome to the texas speech communication association
the texas speech communication association is the largest state professional communication association in the nation.

membership
membership in tsca is open to any communication educator, communication student, communication consultant, or any individual interested in learning about the field of speech communication. all levels of instruction and areas of interests are represented in the association. the rewards of membership in tsca include updated professional awareness, networking with other professionals, and exposure to innovation, teaching methodologies, and scholarly works relevant to the discipline of speech communication.

tsca mission
the texas speech communication association is a professional, academic association committed to excellence in communication instruction, student performance, research,
				scholarly accomplishment, professional service and political awareness.  the texas speech communication association strives to fulfill its responsibilities by providing
				a variety of quality academic programs and workshops at its annual convention.

				tsca strives to:
				
promote effective communication
					prepare our members for the challenges of tomorrow through educational and political awareness
					stimulate the intellectual and professional enrichment of our members
					develop a partnership among the various disciplines and professions in the field of communication
					act in the best interests of our members, students, and community to advance the importance of effective communication
					enhance proficiency in communication instruction
				


 important documents



outstanding service award nomination formtsca history 1975-2000tsca brochurethecb 2014 core curriculum white papertsca flyer (2018)educator of the year nomination formtsca w-9leadership handbookby-laws (december 2024)

 

 resource links





texas forensic association



texas educational theatre association



university interscholastic league



lesson plans



2017 convention videos



national college speech and debate programs


 
 


 
 





 
tackling the teks for comm. apps, speech comm., and debate
debbie hatton has made the following handout from "tackling the teks for comm. apps, speech comm., and debate" convention panel available. click here to view the speech teks (draft)






news




12/16/24
									the college/university division of the texas speech communication association invites 
									faculty submissions dealing with all areas of communication for the 2025 annual 
									convention.  click here to view the full call and find the online
									submission form.
									



12/2/24
									the texas speech communication association invites submissions of papers, panels,
									posters and speeches by undergraduate and graduate students for its 2025 annual 
									convention.  click here to view the full call and find the online
									submission form.
									



10/12/24
									congratulations go to heather soltero our new vice-president elect.  read more about heather here.
									



2025 convention



navigating complexity: equipping educators and students with the tools to navigate and communicate	
in	a	complex	world.
date:october 2-4, 2025
location:
marriott dallas allen hotel & convention center
												777 watters creek boulevard
												allen, tx 75013
												(469) 675-0800
												








â© 2025 - texas speech communication association






