



































































oakland auditor




































skip to main content












independenceindependent city auditor. reporting directly to the residents.
integrityserving oakland with integrity.
transparencybuilds trust. strengthens city government.
#oaklandlovelifevaluing our community.
collaborationworking together. for a better future.




pause  play  
search  

home
about

about michael
staff
our purpose
charter
mission, vision, values
who audits the auditor?
recognition & awards
faqs

whistleblower

submit a complaint
whistleblower protection
whistleblower faqs

reports

reports by type
all reports
reports in progress

news

community outreach
press releases
press kit

contact

opportunities








×
disclaimer


google™ translate is a third party service not associated with the city of oakland. it provides machine translations that are only an approximation of the websites’ original content and may contain errors. this tool is for your convenience only. if you require a translation of a document, please email cityauditor@oaklandca.gov.

google™ translate is a third party service not associated with the city of oakland. it provides machine translations that are only an approximation of the websites’ original content and may contain errors. this tool is for your convenience only. if you require a translation of a document, please email cityauditor@oaklandca.gov.



okay








city auditor michael c. houston, mpp, cia 
new: whistleblower program annual report fy 2023-24
on january 24, 2025, our office released our annual whistleblower program report (report) covering fiscal year 2023-24 (july 1, 2023, through june 30, 2024).
the report details the whistleblower investigation process, the number and types of allegations submitted, the characteristics of the whistleblowers, and the complaints that warranted investigation. it concludes with a summary of the investigation outcomes and actions taken.
notably, 131 complaints were filed in fy 2023-24, including allegations of time abuse, misconduct or inappropriate behavior, theft, and hiring irregularities. a total of 104 cases were closed, and 13, or 12 percent, were closed after an investigation. the remaining 91 closed cases fell into the categories of insufficient information to investigate, previously addressed by the whistleblower program, not fraud, waste, or abuse, or referred to appropriate city departments/channels.
read the full report here.
 view all released reports

new: audit of citywide pay equity
on november 4, 2024, the office of the city auditor issued a performance audit of citywide pay equity.
this audit aimed to identify if there were significant differences in pay among city employees by race and gender and the potential drivers of these differences.
the audit found that differences in pay among city employees across different demographic groups were largely due to the compensation terms of their job classifications. city employees’ job classifications are likely influenced by “occupational sorting,” a term that describes how people may work within specific fields and industries based on widespread norms about work and society, often stemming from historical and societal discrimination.
when adjusting for job classifications, the audit found no differences in base pay across different demographic groups. within select non-sworn job classifications, men and women were similarly represented among high and low earners. within the police and fire departments, women were significantly underrepresented in sworn positions and earned less overtime pay.
we made seven recommendations to the city administration to continue current approaches and adopt additional approaches to improving employee representation within job classifications and pay equity across the city through small improvements to hiring, training, job postings, data access, and coordination with the dre.
read the full report here.
 read our latest newsletters 




submit a complaintwhistleblower programthis confidential hotline is for employees or residents to report fraud, waste, and abuse in the city of oakland. available 24/7. learn more.
our workaudit reports & morethe city auditor performs audits or reviews to ensure the city is operating efficiently and effectively. learn more about our work. learn more.


 



subscribe to our newsletter



your subscribe request has been sent!


*this is not a valid email address.

submit

 










quick links

home
about
whistleblower
reports
news
contact

submit a complaint
city of oakland website
credits
site map

1 frank h. ogawa plaza
4th floor
oakland, ca 94612
(510) 238-3378
cityauditor@oaklandca.gov




follow us







independent city auditor. serving oakland with integrity.

oakland auditor © 




















