




















the best all inclusive beach club in cozumel | paradise beach cozumel















      skip to main content
    










































book now



toggle navigation





enes





home


bar & kitchen

toggle sub-navigation




all inclusive menu


à la carte menu




blog


faqs





my bookings


book now




facebook


instagram


youtube







 





















paradise beach cozumel
30°c (86°f) 15:10 gmt-5












feel the sun on your skin and sand beneath your feet with your favorite people – only in paradise.





















book now








deluxe beach club with exclusive all inclusivegreat food ★ great drinksat our beach club, we offer a plethora of activities and amenities to make your visit an unforgettable one. sip on our tropical drinks and indulge in our delicious caribbean-inspired cuisine, and let your taste buds take a journey to the tropics.


the exclusive all inclusive includes:access to our main facilities including beach and poollounge chairs and umbrellasall you can eat and drink from our menu all day long!free high-speed wifitips for good service are not included in the price but greatly appreciated
























































































dineready to add some extra fun to your beach getaway? dive into our tropical oasis and choose from two amazing ways to indulge: dip and sip: sip and savor while basking in the sunshine and splashing around in the pool. recline and dine: take your taste buds on a tantalizing trip to the caribbean and feast on our modern twists on island classics. sink into our luxuriously plush day beds or beach chairs in the sand or pool deck and let your worries melt away as you nosh and lounge. so come on in, the water's fine and the food and drinks are even better!




view our all inclusive menu








view our a la carte menu






the à la carte option requires a $15 usd entry fee and a $10 usd minimum consumption per person. it includes access to our main facilities and lounge chairs. the fun pass is available for $18 usd. this option is not always available due to capacity restrictions. please call prior to arrival to check availability. we highly recommend booking the exclusive all-inclusive package to ensure your day at paradise beach cozumel.
































































































playfun passunlock a world of aquatic excitement with the fun pass! glide down thrilling water slides, explore serene waters on kayaks and stand-up paddle boards, or simply unwind on a cozy water hammock. the fun pass guarantees an unforgettable aquatic adventure. snorkel gear and life jackets are also included.receive a discounted rate on the fun pass by adding it to your booking now.




add fun passes to your booking












loungeindulge your senses with poolside or beachside lounging at paradise beach cozumel. feel the sun's warmth, hear the waves, and sip a refreshing drink for pure relaxation. sink into a plush day-bed or the sand and bask in the magical caribbean sun. lose yourself in blissful tranquility and escape the everyday.beach chairsincluded in the exclusive all inclusive package.day bedsday beds require an exclusive all inclusive reservation and can be added during the booking process. day beds are in high demand and availability is limited so book now!




add day beds to your booking













































































































additional activities


looking to add some excitement to your beach vacation? look no further! we offer a range of adventurous activities for an additional fee. here are some options:massages: relax and unwind with a soothing massage right on the beach. waverunners: experience the thrill of speeding across the water on a waverunner. parasailing: soar high above the ocean and take in breathtaking views. banana boat rides: hang on tight as you bounce over the waves on a banana boat. henna tattoos: get a temporary tattoo that captures the spirit of your beach adventure. hair braiding: add a touch of island style to your vacation with expert hair braidingthese activities can be booked upon arrival or throughout the day. additional fees apply, don't hesitate to ask our friendly staff for assistance!













beach boutiques


paradise beach cozumel's three beach boutiques offer locally made beach apparel, souvenirs, and a unique shopping experience for those interested in cozumel's culture. the boutiques are worth a visit, whether you're looking for a special keepsake or just browsing.


















































pharmacy


paradise beach cozumel has a fully licensed pharmacy with the best prices in town. you can inquire at pharmacy@paradise-beach-cozumel.com. visitors can rest easy knowing that they have access to affordable medications and healthcare essentials, without having to leave the area.sleep aidsantibioticsdiet pillspainkillerssunblock













your browser does not support the video element. kindly update it to latest version.



















blog








things to do in cozumel: welcome to the paradise beach cozumel blog!











this is paradise beach











see all blogs














getting to paradisewhen you arrive to cozumel by cruise ship or staying in a hotel, the easiest way to get to paradise beach is by taxi. the rates might vary depending on the distance. if you are visiting from cancun or riviera maya you need to go to playa del carmen’s ferry pier and take the ferry to cozumel (we advise you to verify the departure times and rates beforehand). once in cozumel, taxis are readily available at the ferry pier. there are always taxis available at paradise beach for your return trip.
























check out our reviews on google, facebook, yelp, or tripadvisor.










 






































paradise beach is located 5 miles from the international cruise ship pier and open from 8 am to 6 pm. phone: 011 52 (987) 112 6814 calling from the us: +1 (786) 981-6660 email: info@paradise-beach-cozumel.com address: carretera costera sur km 14.5, zona hotelera sur, 77600 cozumel, quintana roo, méxico





facebook


instagram


youtube










manage your booking


all inclusive menu


à la carte menu


faqs








contact us



you must have javascript enabled to use this form.


first & last name



phone number



email address



message























© 2025 booking system operated by caribbean sands limited







top


book now








