






mindspear technologies – insights into marketing and infrastructure for powersports and automotive dealeships























skip to content 





 

 





menu 


privacy policy
links & resources
about
setting up a new esxi 7 home lab











understanding inventory shaping and market forces (part 1) 
february 29, 2024 by jeff gandy 







in depth look at using motorcycle and powersports inventory details to enhance marketing strategies.


categories automotive marketing, dealership marketing, powersports marketing leave a comment 





2023 powersports summary 
january 16, 2024 by jagsys 


some thoughts on how 2023 unfolded and what i see happening in 2024.


categories automotive marketing, dealership marketing, powersports marketing 





why you need to handle your marketing in-house 
march 16, 2023 by jeff gandy 


everywhere you look, people are offering to market your motorcycle dealership. from the company that provides your website services to the powersports manufacturers to dedicated marketing agencies, plenty of people are ready to put you ahead of the competition. 


categories automotive marketing, dealership marketing, powersports marketing tags automotive marketing, motorcycle marketing, powersports marketing 





cycletrader reporting 
march 10, 2023 by jeff gandy 


if you only use your cycle trader account to list motorcycles, you leave money on the table. their market insights tool has several features that are included with even the most basic package that will help you sell more motorcycles and be more efficient. when you go to cycle trader and log into your dealer … read more


categories cycletrader, powersports marketing leave a comment 





establishing roi benchmarks for motorcycle and powersports marketing budgets (part 1) 
march 7, 2023 by jeff gandy 


as a dealership owner who is spending money to market their business, you must work towards establishing robust roi benchmarks for your marketing budget. 


categories automotive marketing, dealership marketing, powersports marketing leave a comment 





understanding inventory shaping and market forces 
march 7, 2023 by jeff gandy 


for those business models that rely on procuring and selling inventory for their revenue, it is essential for the people who handle the inventory to have a clear channel of communication with the marketing team. there are companies where that isn’t always the case, resulting in wasted money and slow reaction time. slow reaction time … read more


categories automotive marketing, dealership marketing, powersports marketing leave a comment 





combining data points to build an inventory marketing strategy 
march 8, 2023march 6, 2023 by jeff gandy 


powersports dealerships have access to more information now than ever before. we have incredibly detailed reports that can be reviewed and data that can be downloaded – often at no cost. our dealerships use much of our marketing budget for advertising through online listing services, search engine marketing, social media marketing, and our crm data. … read more


categories automotive marketing, dealership infrastructure, dealership marketing, dealership website, lightspeed evo, powersports marketing, vin solutions leave a comment 






searchsearchrecent postsunderstanding inventory shaping and market forces (part 1)
2023 powersports summary
why you need to handle your marketing in-house
cycletrader reporting
establishing roi benchmarks for motorcycle and powersports marketing budgets (part 1)
recent commentsno comments to show. 







© 2025 mindspear technologies • built with generatepress 








