








home - foundation for medieval genealogy


































foundation for medieval genealogy 



search








 



 







menu



homeabout usour websiteorigins and historywho's who in fmg?membershipmembership formdonations and bequests help the fmgcharles f h evans awardguidelines & submissionspast winnerscontact details

publications
foundations journalvolume 16volume 15volume 14volume 13volume 12volume 11volume 10volume 9volume 8volume 7volume 6volume 5volume 4volume 3volume 2volume 1declaration of arbroath family history projectcomplete works of charles evansthe life and family of robert large, mercerbrief guide for contributors to our publicationsguide for authors - foundationscitation formats for fmg publicationsabbreviations for commonly cited sourcesresources
fmg librarysearch databasescanned sources onlinejournalsbooks & articleslinks to other websitesprojectsabstracts of feet of finesmedieval landsindex to the ancestry of charles iicontents key to surtees' parishes of co. durhamdeclaration of arbroathdomesday correctionsdomesday peopledescendants (p. 1 - 300)descendants (p. 301-600)descendants (p. 601-900)descendants (p. 901-1169)author indexsources referenceddomesday corrections - source abbreviationsindex to stammtafeln westdeutscher adels-geschlechter im mittelaltera to cd to gh to kl to no to rs to tu to zlanded gentry of southern germanyfamilies of schechingenfamilies of böbingenadelmann family of adelmannsfeldenwoellwarth familythe family of westerstettenshopmembership & subscriptionbook purchasesdeclaration of abroath - family history projectprintable order formback issues of foundationsgenfair shopusers' arealogin












			welcome		
promoting the study of medieval genealogy and prosopography






			about us		
the foundation for medieval genealogy (fmg) was established in 2001 to promote the study of genealogy and prosopography for the period before 1500 ad, and to publish the results of those studies. although we are based in the uk our membership and genealogical interests are world-wide.


 
			read more ...		




			foundations		
visit our publications page to view the contents and abstracts of all issues of our journal, foundations. you will need to login to view the full articles.
back issues may be ordered through our online shop. please check the shop for current prices. read on to see how to contribute your own material...


 
			read more ...		






			joining & supporting		
after completing the appropriate application form from the links below, and arranging for payment through our online shop or by mail order, you will be contacted by email with details of your membership. please note this is a manual process, so there may sometimes be a delay before you hear, depending on the availability of our administration team.
as a member you will have access to our journal (including back issues), the newsletter, library services, and the study guide to medieval documents.
data protection and privacy policy click to view


 
			read more ...		











						home					








back to top





© foundation for medieval genealogy 2025







