












north dakota golden flax seeds - premium gold flax from great plains flax

































great plains golden flax seeds 


menu
skip to content
home
buy flax seeds

checkout / shopping cart


health benefits

flaxseed vs fish oil
benefits of omega-3 fatty acids
flax seeds & omega-3 acids
weight loss
heart disease
omega-3 and depression
menopause


flax seed information

what is flax?
flax faq
whole flaxseeds vs flaxseed meal
whole flaxseed vs flaxseed oil
bulk flax seeds
why golden flax seeds are better


golden flaxseed recipes

directions for use
eggnog recipe


about us

testimonials


contact us
blog
 







welcome to great plains golden flax seeds!
great plains flax provides information about flax seeds, recipes, and current research on the many golden flaxseed benefits. we also provide convenient and secure online ordering of our golden omega 3 flaxseeds within the lower 48 states delivered right to your door. our golden flaxseeds are certified by the state of north dakota to be all natural and they are gluten-free. they are the highest grade golden flax seeds available to the public.

over 10 years experience selling whole golden flax seed
golden flaxseeds are one of the richest sources of valuable omega-3 fatty acids, containing almost twice as much benefit as fish oil. learn about and buy our golden flax seed from great plains flax!
benefits of our omega 3 golden flax seed – buy for your health!
the golden omega 3 flax seed from greatplainsflax.com is of the highest purity and quality. golden flax seeds have the natural properties of fiber, lignans and omega-3 fatty acids that provide preventative and restorative abilities to your diet. these impressive compounds in flax seed are igniting a flurry of research and are the basis of the many flax seed benefits. thus far, a large body of medical research has shown that these seeds can be a healthy addition to your diet because it is rich source of fiber, lignans and omega-3 and omega-6 fatty acids. golden flax seed also contains protein, b vitamins, vitamin e, beta-carotene, calcium, potassium, magnesium, manganese, zinc and are also gluten-free!
a diet supplemented with the pleasant, nutty taste of golden omega flax seeds from gpf provides a rich source of healthy omega-3 fatty acids and other nutrients. join the greatplainsflax.com mailing list above. besides the high level of omega 3 our golden flax seeds provides lignans and fiber that are believed to reduce the risks of many diseases. more and more research is telling us that regularly eating some lignan-rich foods may reduce the risk of several types of cancer, heart disease, and osteoporosis. in particular, research suggests that lignans may protect against endometrial cancer, breast cancer, and prostate cancer. still not convinced? read some experts’ views on golden flax seeds and their health benefits. the medical community and health food advocates are focusing attention on flax as the health food of the millennium. now is the time to begin a healthy diet supplemented with flax! we provide the highest quality, omega flax seeds on the market!
buy golden flax seeds which are backed by our 100% satisfaction guarantee and are grown right here in the us state of north dakota.









view cart / checkout 
[shopping cart]

[checkout]

follow us 


search for:



additional flax seed topics: • flax seed & heart disease
• flax seed and benefits of omega-3 fatty acids
• flax seed recipes
• nutritional value of flax
• flax seed usage info
• flax seed & weight loss
• flax seed & menopause
• omega-3 and depression
• flaxseed faqs 
signup for our newsletter








* email
      






* first name
      






* last name
      




 
* = required field


 












 






great plains flax is pleased to announce that it has been acquired by stevens family farm - for all inquiries please call 1-888-783-2545 or click here for the press release.
©
 great plains flax * all rights reserved




home
buy flax seeds
terms of use
medical disclaimer
contact us
checkout









