



robert penn warren





 
    robert penn warren

home
 works
scholarship
places


cfps






biography


birthplace
parents
kent greenfield
commemorative stamp
honors


robert penn warren was born in guthrie, todd county, kentucky, on april 24, 1905. he was
    the oldest of three children; others being mary, the middle child,  and thomas, the
    youngest. his parents were robert franklin warren, a
    proprietor and banker, and anna ruth penn warren, a schoolteacher. in the fall of 1911 he
    entered the guthrie school from which he graduated at age 15. he did not then enter
    college as his mother felt he was too young and went instead, in september, 1920, to
    clarksville high school, clarksville, montgomery county, tennessee, graduating after the
    full school year. in the spring of 1921 he suffered an injury to his left eye from a rock
    throwing incident perpetrated by his younger brother. the injury eventually led to removal
    of the eye. during the summer of 1921, he spent six weeks in citizens military training
    corp, fort knox, kentucky, where he published his first poem, "prophecy", in the
      messkit. he earlier had obtained an appointment to the united states naval academy but
    because of the eye the appointment was cancelled and in the fall of 1921 he entered
    vanderbilt university at age 16. 
while at vanderbilt he came under the tutelage of some
    of the foremost teachers in literature such as allen tate, john crowe ransom, and andrew
    lytle.  also he became involved with two groups; the fugitives and the agrarians. in
    the summer of 1925 he graduated from vanderbilt summa cum laude, phi beta kappa, and
    founder's medalist. then, in august, he entered the university of california as a graduate
    student and teaching assistant. here he met his first wife, emma "cinina"
    brescia. in 1927 he received his m.a. from university of california and, in the fall,
    entered yale university on fellowship. in october, 1928 he entered new college at oxford
    as a rhodes scholar receiving his b.litt. in the spring of 1930.
he secretly married emma brescia in the summer of 1929, a marriage that was to end on
    june 28, 1951.on december 7, 1952, he married eleanor clark. this marriage produced two
    children, rosanna phelps warren and gabriel penn warren.
warren was a poet, critic, novelist, and teacher. he taught at vanderbilt university,
    nashville, tennessee, southwestern college, memphis, tennessee, university of minnesota,
    yale university, and louisiana state university. while at lsu he founded and edited, along
    with cleanth brooks and charles w. pipkin, the literary quarterly, the southern review.
    as a poet, he was appointed the nation's first poet laureate, february 26, 1986. he
    published sixteen volumes of poetry and two—promises: poems, 1954-1956 and now
    and then: poems, 1976-1978—won pulitzer prizes. warren published ten novels. one
    novel, all the king's men, won a pulitzer prize. two novels, all the king's men and
    band of angels were made into movies. in addition
    he published a book of short stories, two selections of critical essays, a biography,
    three historical essays, a study of  melville, a critical book on dreiser, a study of
    whittier, and two studies of race relations in america. as of this writing, he is the only
    author to have won the pulitzer for both fiction and poetry. for a list of his works click here.

other honors include bollingen prize, national medal for literature, and presidential
    medal of freedom. for an extensive list of his honors click here.
warren's first published novel was night rider, houghton, (1939) and was about
    the tobacco war (1905-1908) between independent tobacco growers in kentucky and large
    tobacco companies. his last published novel was a place to come to, random
    house, (1977) which is, to a certain extent, autobiographical.
along with cleanth brooks he collaborated to write the text books, understanding
    poetry, holt, (1938), 4th edition, (1976) and understanding fiction,
    crofts, (1943), 2nd edition, appleton-century-crofts, (1959). he was one of the
    leading representatives of the new criticism and these works helped revolutionize the
    teaching of literature by bringing the new criticism into general practice in america's
    college classrooms.
from the 1950's until his death september 15, 1989, from cancer, warren lived in
    connecticut and at his summer home in vermont. he is buried at stratton, vermont, and, at
    his request, a memorial marker is situated in the warren family gravesite in guthrie,
    kentucky.


sitemap
 
we mourn the death of bobby frey, the founding webmaster of this 
  site. 
  
  if you have comments or questions about this
    site 
    please e-mail us at: burt@brandeis.edu



