









scat crankshafts - high performance engine components



























































 



























sign up for our newsletter




thanks for subscribing!



email





subscribe





























home
about
shop

crankshafts
connecting rods
flexplates & dampers
rotating assemblies
apparel


blog
catalog
contact

















my account

















followfollowfollowfollow





the leader in high performance internal engine components.







download ourcatalog



featured product:f-43 series



about scat









crankshafts
scat crankshafts proudly produces some of the finest crankshafts in the world. with thousands of race proven wins, we are certain that you will receive the highest quality components on the market.

shop





connecting rods
scat connecting rods are made from a 2-piece chromoly steel forging to ensure maximum strength and durability. we offer a complete line of rods for small block and big block chevy, ford, chrysler, pontiac, honda and many more makes in both i-beam and h-beam connecting rod designs.

shop





rotating assemblies
scat offers 1,200+ rotating assembly combinations for chevy, chevy ls, ford, ford modular, ford vintage, chrysler, modern hemi, pontiac & sport compact applications. we take the guess work out of building your next high performance engine.

shop







news & events











vortech superchargers joins scat

vortech superchargers and paxon automotive join the scat, air flow research and racetech family of brands.





scat crankshafts featured on deboss garage

check out scat crankshafts featured on this deboss garage ls3 engine build! 





supporting hot rodders of tomorrow

scat crankshafts is proud to once again sponsor hot rodders of tomorrow! learn more about this high school competition.












sign up for our newsletter




success!



email





subscribe














1650 pacific ave oxnard ca, 93033 | 310.370.5501 | cranktech@scatenterprises.com
other scat properties: scat enterprises, inc. | procar by scat



 








 


 

you're not leaving us like that, are you? enter your details to save your cart (and keep your eyes peeled for future discounts and scat news). 

save 




 

 














































