













     iolani palace


































 






  

donatebecome a memberbook now 

 

 









 home
visit

tours & admission

docent-led tours
self-led audio tours
​ kalākaua legacy tour
fashion fit for royalty tour
chamberlain’s tour
hawaii’s royal connection to japan
white glove tour
royal legacy tour
basement gallery exhibits


hours
location, directions & parking
palace shop
virtual experiences and resources
accessibility


about

history

a place for royalty
queen’s imprisonment
restoration of the palace


the palace

grand hall
throne room
blue room
state dining room
music room
imprisonment room
queen’s room
king’s room
king’s office


palace grounds

gate entrances
keliʻiponi hale: the coronation pavilion
the sacred mound
hale koa: ʻiolani barracks
kanaʻina building: old archives


the friends of iolani palace
mission, vision & values


join/support

ways to support
membership
donate
volunteer

docents


palace shop
partners


palace collections

tableware, glassware & silver
works on paper
furniture
military accessories
royal orders
other collection items
historic photos
most wanted items
identifying marks
success stories
curatorial & archive services
digital collection


education

keiki and ʻohana activities
virtual experiences and resources
school tours
docents
nā moʻolelo lecture series


events

all upcoming events
kamaʻāina sundays
nā moʻolelo lecture series
royal hawaiian band concerts
venue planning & rentals

facilities & ground use
the barracks (halekoa)
barracks lawn
check availability




info

contact
links of interest
media
press & news room

press releases
in the news


hawaiian language
copyright
privacy
photography & videography


job opportunities
 
 








he inoa no kalākaua: celebrating 150 years of king kalākaua 
							learn more 
							new exhibit now open 
							
 


every second sunday of the month 
							learn more 
							kamaʻāina sunday 
							
tour tickets first come, first serve 
							 


tour ʻiolani palace  
							
plan your visit 
							e komo mai 
							 


browse our online palace shops 
							shop now 
							shop online 
							
 













iolani palace 













kalākaua legacy tour
this tour showcases life and legacy of our last ruling king, who was known as the “merrie monarch” and was instrumental in the revitalization of hawaiian culture during his reign in the late 1800s. the tour will feature historical accounts and personal items belonging to king kalākaua to help guests better understand not only what kalākaua achieved locally and globally, but how his tangible vision of ʻiolani palace, continues to contribute to the hawaiian way of life and his preservation of hula, history, and tradition.
learn more





view king kalākaua's coronation suit and masonic apron
reproductions of the suit king kalākaua wore at his coronation on february 12, 1883, and his masonic apron debuted at ʻiolani palace on the king’s 185th birthday, tuesday, november 16, 2021. created by historic dress designer iris viacrusis, the coronation suit stands majestically in the throne room, while the masonic apron is on display in king’s library on the second floor.
plan your visit



explore our specialty tours





 

 

 

 
welcome to ʻiolani palaceʻiolani palace is a living restoration of a proud hawaiian national identity and is recognized as the spiritual and physical multicultural epicenter of hawaiʻi. built in 1882 by king kalākaua, ʻiolani palace was the home of hawaiʻi’s last reigning monarchs and served as the official royal residence and the residence of the kingdom’s political and social life until the overthrow of the monarchy in 1893.
registered as a national historic landmark since 1962 and the only official royal residence in the united states, the palace is one of the most recognizable buildings in hawaiʻi. meticulously restored to its former grandeur, ʻiolani palace tells of a time when their majesties, king kalākaua and his sister and successor, queen liliʻuokalani walked the grand halls.



the royal palace





 the palace

ʻiolani palace has been meticulously restored to its former grandeur, featuring original palace furnishings and artifacts that have been recovered, restored and replicated. open to the public for guided tours, the first floor consists of the public reception areas – the grand hall, state dining room, blue room, and throne room – while the second floors showcase the private suites, including the king and queen’s suites, music room, and the imprisonment room. 

 palace grounds

while the palace building is of great significance, the land around the palace stretches back to antiquity and is thought to have been the site of an ancient heiau (place of worship).  in 1845, king kamehmeha iii established his official residence on this site, which served the first five hawaiian kings until its demolition in 1874. it was replaced by a larger and more modern palace was completed in 1882. 

 history

ʻiolani palace tells the story of a time in hawaiian history when their majesties, king kalākaua and his sister and successor, queen liliʻuokalani walked the halls.  the palace holds beautiful memories of grand balls and public hula performances, along with painful ones of liliʻuokalani’s imprisonment and eventual overthrow. following the overthrow, the palace served as the capitol for almost 80 years until it was vacated and restored in the 1970s. 



visit ʻiolani palace is open tuesday-saturday from 9 a.m. to 4 p.m. the ticket office, located in hale koa (ʻiolani barracks), is open from 8:30 a.m. to 3:30 p.m. to make reservations, call 808-522-0832, or book online now. 


membership become a member of the friends of ʻiolani palace and support our mission to restore, preserve, and protect this unique treasure. 


donate your gift is vital in supporting the ongoing work of the friends of ‘iolani palace.  







about the palace ʻiolani palace is a living restoration of a proud hawaiian national identity and a registered national historic landmark. 
located at the corner of king st. and richards st. in downtown honolulu (more details).
administrative office: 808-522-0822, monday through friday, 8:00 a.m. to 4:30 p.m.

ticket office hours: 808-522-0832, tuesday through saturday, 8:30 a.m. to 4:00 p.m. phone calls accepted on mondays 8:30 a.m. - 4:00 p.m.

palace shop hours: 808-532-1050, tuesday through saturday, 8:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. phone calls accepted on mondays 8:30 a.m. - 4:30 p.m.
e-cigarette policy
“smoking, use of electronic smoking devices, or use of tobacco or betel nut products is prohibited by law” in all state parks including ʻiolani palace grounds.


instagram 





born on february 15, 1855, in ulupalakua, maui, ro






mahalo to everyone who joined us at kamaʻāina su
 





on this day in 1874, king kalākaua bestowed the t






on this day in 1883, king kalākaua’s coronation


 





on this day in 1991, the original portrait of quee






hauʻoli lā hānau, e alexander liholiho (kameham






on february 8, 1885, the first group of government






on this day, february 7, 1895, a statement prepare






on february 6, 1891, the daily bulletin reported o


 


 


load more






 follow on instagram








enewsletter sign-up 




* indicates required
email address *
first name *
last name *












 






					website developed by becker communications, inc. 


 





 





×
your ticket for the: home


















title
home


usd 



























close
print

































