

community bank, n.a. | your trusted neighborhood bank











































































































































 skip to main menu  skip to main content  skip to footer content  schedule an appointment open & apply nowinvestor relationscareerssearchsearchlog inarrowhamburger_xsearchsearchpersonalcheckingcarefree checking℠50 direct checkingpremium checkingcbna simply checking℠debit & atm cardssavingscertificates of depositmoney market accountsirahealth savings account (hsa)home loansmortgage productsno closing cost mortgage financingfirst-time homebuyersonline mortgage applicationaffordable housing programsmortgage bankershome equity loans & lines of creditpersonal loanslines of creditloan optionsauto insurancehome insurancedigital bankingonline bankingmobile banking & depositcbna credit companion℠mobile walletbudget toolszelle®credit cardsmanaging overdraftswealth managementbusinessproducts & servicessavings accountschecking productstreasury management solutionsmerchant processing servicesonline invoicingbusiness credit cardsonline payrollloan productsbusiness loanslines of creditcommercialbusiness bankingagriculturalmunicipalonline bankingdealer servicesbusiness insurancerisk managementproperty & casualty insuranceworkplace retirement plansactuarial & pension serviceshealth & welfare planswealth managementwealth managementtrust servicesinvestment servicesinsurance servicesretirement plan consultingfinancial, retirement, & tax planningasset managementpartner solutionsresourcessecurityonline securityidentity theft protectiondebit card securityreport a lost or stolen cardfinancial calculatorscareersour culturegreenlightbank happy bloghomebuying journeyfinancial literacy hubkids' cornerfaqour partnerscommunity bank wealth managementbpasonegroupcontactloginschedule an appointmentopen & apply nowinvestor relationscareersclose menulog inarrow select account  select account online bankingpremier business connect please select an account to log in  enroll  sign in problem signing on?call customer care: 1-866-764-8638customer care hours:monday – friday: 8am – 6pm (est)request a callbackis your account locked? click here.tell a friendrefer a friend and get a $10 egift card when they open a checking account with us! share some happy today!
refer someone close log in menu greenlight, the debit card and app for kids!free¹ for cbna customers for products in your area, select your nearest cbna location. no closing cost mortgages$0.00in closing costsget detailssecured personal loan rate special6.99%fixed apr with auto paylearn morehomebuying journeybuying a home? we’ll walk you through it all.homebuying may seem like a daunting process, but it doesn’t have to be. with the right partner by your side, you can take it on with ease. that’s why we’ve laid out the journey for you.get a comprehensive look at the homebuying process and get your questions answered along the way.start your journeysecure banking on the gomake transfers, pay bills, manage money—do it all with mobile and online banking.go mobilefull suite of business servicesyour business needs a strong foundation. we can help with tools, loans, lines of credit, and more.open an accounthome equity loans & lines of creditready to take on that home improvement project? get started with a home equity loan or line of credit.access your equityinvest & insureget the right financial strategy to help you grow your money and save for the future.learn morefinancial calculatorsestimate your mortgage, compare rates, and much more with our financial calculators.do the mathkeep it in the budgetmonitor spending habits, create budgets, and track finances—all with budget tools.start trackingfinancial literacy hubget all the information you need on spending, saving, banking, investing, and more.learn morerewards. low intro. bonus offer.everything you want. all in one credit card.learn morefree homebuyer’s kitfilled with helpful tips to help you on your homebuying journeydownload todaydiversity councilmoving our culture forwardlearn more arrow navigate to slide 2 navigate to slide 3 navigate to slide 4arrow stop  play there's plenty to know about banking. here's the latest.waiving a home inspection: is it a good idea?thinking about skipping a home inspection before you buy? here’s what you need to know. read more bringing perspective to business bankingq&a with chris humphrey, western new york regional president read more take a personal approach to business bankingq&a with jamison flora, senior vice president of business banking read more view all1 community bank customers are eligible for the greenlight select plan at no cost when they connect their community bank account as the greenlight funding source for the entirety of the promotion. subject to minimum balance requirements and identity verification. upgrades will result in additional fees. upon termination of promotion, customers will be responsible for associated monthly fees. see terms for details. offer ends 02/08/2028. subject to minimum balance requirements and identity verification. offer subject to change and partner participation.banking you can count onbetter banking starts with trust—and we’re honored to be recognized for it.homewe're a full-service financial institution, offering all the things much bigger banks offer. but we also have the one thing they don't—a passion for providing the highest level of customer service in whatever we do.
routing # 021307559
aboutcareersour culturesearch locationsinvestor relationsblogschedule an appointmentmanaging overdraftsonline securityreport a card lost or stolendebit card securityorder checksget more from community banksign up to receive promotional emails and helpful tips. subscribe member fdicequal housing lenderfollow usprivacy policyterms of useaccessibilityada effective communication policyagreements and disclosuressitemapadobe acrobat©2025 community bank, n.a.
