















department of neurology » college of medicine » university of florida


































skip to main content





skip to main menu






uf health






      university of florida
      













        department of neurology
      



          college of medicine
        










request an appointment









open search







open main menu










main navigation




        home
                          - current page











        about us
                              





show submenu for about us




about us overview








        faculty directory
                              





        research staff
                              





        for faculty & staff
                              





        clinical staff
                              





        research/clinical trial coordinators
                              





        administrative staff listing
                              







        divisions, centers & labs
                              





show submenu for divisions, centers & labs




divisions, centers & labs overview








        ald clinic at uf neurology
                              





        general neurology
                              





        neurotargets fly lab
                              





        aging, behavioral and cognitive neurology division
                              





        movement disorders & neurorestoration
                              





        epilepsy
                              





        neuromuscular
                              








        neuromuscular clinic
                              







        neurocritical care
                              





        stroke/neurovascular
                              





        genetics medicine in neurology clinic
                              





        laboratory of neurogenetics and neuroscience (lnn)
                              





        the connect lab
                              







        patient care
                              





show submenu for patient care




patient care overview








        helpful information about memory and cognitive disorders
                              





        consulting the memory and cognitive disorders clinic
                              





        stroke scales
                              





        the memory and cognitive disorders clinics now!
                              







        education
                              





show submenu for education




education overview








        medi-gators virtual shadowing program
                              








        medi-gators mentorship program
                              







        neurological literature appraisal discussion
                              





        fellowship programs
                              





        residency program
                              





        4th year clerkship in neurology
                              





        graduate health administration internship
                              








        projects
                              








        professional development
                              








        testimonials
                              









        research
                              





show submenu for research




research overview








        block-sah
                              





        clinical trials
                              





        research partners
                              





        research faqs
                              





        research areas
                              







        contact us
                              





        career opportunities
                              


































                our philosophy
              


              “we believe that the patient is the sun (not the doctor) and that interdisciplinary health care teams should orbit around the patient (not the doctor).”
            











our mission






chair’s message






our history



















about residency









            preparing residents 
          

            program goals
          


          the goal of the neurology residency training program is to prepare residents for a career in academic neurology, with well-rounded strengths in clinical care, professionalism, research, and education. we are confident that every resident who we accept into our program will be able, with suitable application, to become a first-rate neurologist.


        






see more












        play video
      


















neurology in the news!












                        uf health mobile stroke program provides faster…
                          


published on february 14, 2025
          


           with stroke, every minute counts to prevent death or limit severe disability.



now, new data show that uf health’s approach of sending a…
        


read story






















                        clinically probable rbd is an early predictor of…
                          


published on february 12, 2025
          


          congratulations to drs. alfonso martinez-nunez, venkat srikar lavu, joshua wong, and michael okun on the publication of “clinically probable rbd is…
        


read story






















                        neural connectivity underlying core language…
                          


published on february 10, 2025
          


          congratulations to drs. anastasi bohsali, david fitzgerald, and stephen nadeau, on the publication of “neural connectivity underlying core language…
        


read story


















news in brief






surgical treatments of parkinson’s disease







postoperative neurosurgical complications in neurocritical care







uf health neurology recognized among 100 great neuro and spine programs…












all posts


















neurology blogs












                        transforming patient experiences through design…
                          



          episode overview:



imagine a world where doctors and patients work closely together, where hospitals are designed with you in mind.



joe sits…
        


read story






















                        what is coming in 2024 for parkinson’s biological…
                          



          by michael s okun



one of the big stories of 2023 in parkinson’s disease was the emergence of a ‘seeding assay’ as a potential biomarker for…
        


read story






















                        melanoma risk is twice as high in parkinson’s: a…
                          



          this is a really terrific article in everydayhealth.com discussing skin cancers and the importance of making the diagnosis and initiating appropriate…
        


read story


















more…






do i need a skin biopsy or datscan for my parkinson’s disease?







quaking our way to a parkinson’s biomarker breakthrough in 2023?







why everyone with parkinson’s should take just one multivitamin a day












all posts









neurology podcasts












                        mobile stroke treatment unit
                          



          anna khanna md.and brian hoh md, mba, facs, faha, faans describe treatment options and the importance of timely treatment for acute ischemic…
        


read story






















                        magnetoencephalography (meg): a window into brain…
                          



          this podcast features abbas babajani-feremi, phd an associate professor in the department of neurology, division of epilepsy at uf and the director…
        


read story






















                        uf department of neurosurgery ranks no. 2 in nih
                          



          a highlight of how uf department of neurosurgery ranks #2 in nih funding and how the department of neurology and neurosurgery ranted #3.  the panel…
        


read story


















more






questions about parkinson’s?







practical strategies for living a happer life with parkinson’s







essential tremor: evolving innovations in treatment advanced options












all posts


















community events












                        season of hope 2024 5k/15k
                          


published on december 3, 2024
          


          🌟 get ready for the season of hope 5k/15k race! 🌟



the time has come to lace up your running shoes and join us for a heartwarming…
        


read story






















                        walk to end alzheimer’s!
                          


published on august 9, 2024
          


          the walk to end alzheimer’s in gainesville is scheduled for saturday, october 26, 2024, and we are rallying to support the more than 6 million…
        


read story






















                        understanding alzheimer’s and dementia
                          


published on june 25, 2024
          


          alzheimer’s disease is not a normal part of aging. join us to learn about the impact of alzheimer’s; the difference between alzheimer’s and…
        


read story


















more






unraveling the genetic threads of alzheimer’s: insights into risk and…







women with parkinson’s meet-up







power in knowing black pd group












all posts




































        department of neurology
      



          college of medicine
        




utility links



department calendar




neurology bridge




housestaff anonymous comment form




anonymous comment form
















                  physical address
                

                                      1505 sw archer road                                      gainesville, fl 32608                                   

                  phone
                


(352) 273-5550










                  make a gift
                



giving opportunities







                social media
              






facebook







twitter














university of florida health - home





university of florida - home







log in




website support




sitemap




disclaimer & permitted use




disability services




security policies




uf privacy policy




shands privacy policy




this page uses google analytics (google privacy policy)










      © 2025 university of florida health
    




















