



index eqi.org


steve
hein's eqi.org


abuse | anger | caring | caring vs. control | common "negative" or
        painful feelings
        | conflict
        resolutioncutting, self harm | depression | education (alternative education
        reading list) | emotional
        abuse
emotionally abusive mothers | emotional
        intelligence | journal | emotional
        literacy | emotional needs | emotional 
support | emotionally
        intelligent alternative society | empathy | feeling words | free pdfs
        from eqi | hein painful 
emotions
        technique hugs | invalidation | letters from
        the unloved book |
        library & bookstore | listening | love 
mail from readers | needs vs. rights | pain | parenting | personal growth | punishment | respect | romance 
steve's
        personal stories from around the world | teen suicide | understanding | 
here is a more
        complete list of
        topics

letter from a teen 
my mother is emotionally abusive but she only does
            it when we are alone. no one believes me and assumes
            just because i am a teenage girl i am the one at
            fault. i just put up with it but it is getting worse
            and it's getting harder to deal with. i found your
            site and it has really helped me believe that i am
            not the horrible person she says i am. i am really
            getting fed up with hearing someone scream "you
            are a fucking bitch" and every other insult and
            threat with a voice filled with pure hatred daily. i
            really just need to know that i'm not really those
            things and that people don't really act like that. or
            do they? i don't know.

for more letters see https://eqi.org/letters_from_the_unloved.htm
--
suicide has been the leading cause of death in local
        jails since at least 2000, when the u.s. bureau of
        justice statistics began collecting data. 
"people who don't want to be
        controlled by others are called crazy" s. hein may
        24 2019 from my journal 
if someone is stopping you from getting
        what you need, they are killing you. s. hein 
a good education would teach you what
        is wrong with society. s. hein -- see more quotes here
education is what others do to you.
        learning is what you do for yourself. anon
--
may 18 2019- one thing that is
        bothering me is calling wars, violence, killing and
        destruction "conflicts". like calling all the
        killing and violence in northern ireland "the
        troubles" - here is what wikipedia says: "the
        troubles was an ethno-nationalist conflict
        in northern ireland during the late 20th century. also
        known internationally as the northern ireland conflict."
or calling the invasion of afghanistan
        by the usa in 2003 a conflict. here is something
        wikipedia says about that: "the iraq war[ was a
        protracted armed conflict that began in 2003 with the
        invasion of iraq by a united states-led coalition that
        overthrew the government of saddam hussein. the conflict
        continued for much of the next decade." --- so you
        see they call it an invasion, a war, an armed confict and
        then a conflict. 
--
march 17 - interesting article about freud, sexual abuse, woody allen
march 14 - today miriam, 22, from
        italy, told me she thought of killing herself at 16. she
        realized she needed to make some changes in her life so
        she moved to switzerland while she was stiill 16 to live
        with her ex-boyfriend. she stayed with him till she was
        21 then started traveling around europe alone. read more
do children have a right to friends? 
robert whitaker
| search eqi.org | contact the eqi volunteers



other recent items - jan 25 we are being
        controlled by people who don't care about us.depression is
        a social illness - not a mental illness
jan 19 - update to phidish page - the word "mitigated" -
        also, "jobs for depressed teenagers"
jan 17 - upwork.com - katerina's first article for eqi 
dec 26 gabor mate video - what he says supports most of
        what i say on this site.
writing about feeling cared about
        and teen suicide
        (on paulish.net)
phidish new blog entry (pw is 123)

 


  
 


 
 
july 9 - am hosting a traveler from japan. -more
he told me he knew people who were best friends. they spent all
their time together stuyding so they could pass the university
entrance exam. when they both passed it their parents said,
"now you can do anything you want." they decided what
they wanted to do was kill themselves. so they did. 
he also told me when he was in
high school he didn't pay attention in class. he put in his
earphones. the teachers got tired of taking his cell phone and
eventually left him alone.
 


journal if you would like to read my personal
        journal, please write me. steve
also, i have been
        thinking a lot about my conflict with people who work for the state
        government in delaware, usa. it helps me to talk to
        people about it. if you are willing to listen to what i
        have to say about it, i would appreciate it. you can
        write me at the above email address. thanks



 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 

feb 20 - thinking about movie buck. did
        some searches on one of the places used in the movie sullivanfarmhanoverians.com and then found a site selling horses. here is a
        search i did to see how many horses were for sale over
        50,000 
horseclicks.com....



 
 
 


 


