




























eastern district of louisiana | united states district court















skip to main content








united states district court


                                    eastern district of louisiana                


the honorable nannette jolivette brown, chief judgecarol l. michel, clerk of court







search form

search this site 





 




text size: 

decrease font size
reset font size
increase font size

 



home
court informationcourt history
directory
employment (job opportunities)
financial information
frequently asked questions
hours & holidays
location & directions
naturalization
news & announcements
outreach
panama canal zone
parish information
parking & accessibility
security & electronic devices policy

judges' informationdistrict judges
magistrate judges
motion submission & oral argument dates
case opinions
judicial seminar disclosures
judicial misconduct & disability

case informationcm/ecf - electronic filing
pacer
cases of interest
case opinions
orders citing internet resources
archived cases
court reporter services & transcripts
fee schedule
rss feed

attorney informationadmissions & e-filing privileges
attorney reinstatement
disciplinary cases
attorney conference center
technology & facilities
criminal justice act
guardian ad litem
local rules & general orders
local forms
pro hac vice
frequently asked questions
electronic filing
fifth circuit pattern jury instructions

filing without an attorneyfiling without an attorney
pro se unit
representing yourself in federal district court
federal and local rules of civil procedure
frequently asked questions
electronic document submission system (edss)
civil complaint and habeas petition forms
civil pleading forms
criminal pleading forms
other forms
national forms
legal services information

juror informationimportant reporting information
ejuror login »
jury duty scams
ejuror help
frequently asked questions about jury service
petit jury
grand jury
general instructions for reporting to jury service
court location
guidelines for courthouse entry
parking
payment
requests to be excused
contacting the jury section
protection of jurors' employment and messsage to employers
public notice: process by which names are drawn for jury service
public notice: jury plan

forms all local forms
attorney registration
civil & criminal subpoena
civil summons and waiver of service
closed records
financial
miscellaneous
pro se









 
the court will be closed to the public on monday, february 17, 2025, in observance of washington's birthday.






case locator (pacer) »
e-filing (cm/ecf) »
motion days »mdl & mass/class action » 






united states district court
eastern district of louisiana
500 poydras street
new orleans, la  70130
phone directory ♦ hours ♦ directions

valid picture id required for building access.
ejuror login
for information about possible jury scams, please click here




 






 




resources





hurricane ida case information
nextgen information
court calendar
local rules & general orders
bankruptcy reference
tickets (central violations bureau)
financial information
naturalization
employment (job opportunities)
your employee rights and how to report wrongful conduct
outreach
court history

 




cases of interest





disciplinary cases
orleans parish prison consent judgment, jones v. gusman, 12-cv-859
nopd consent decree, usa v. city of new orleans, 12-1924
mdl-2179 oil spill by the oil rig "deepwater horizon"
hurricane ida case information

more cases »
 




other court links






fifth circuit court of appeals

louisiana eastern bankruptcy court

louisiana eastern probation offices

fifth circuit library

federal records center

more links »
 






news & announcements




 february 5, 2025 
 amendment to local rules effective february 4, 2025 
 the court has amended its local civil rules to add rule 83.5.1, which provides for a 21-day stay of any order transferring a case to a district court outside the fifth circuit in certain circumstances. the amendment is effective february 4, 2025. here is the full text of the amendment:
local civil rule 83.5.1   
transfer orders      
unless all affected parties consent to the transfer, an order that transfers a case to a district court outside the fifth circuit is stayed for 21 days from the date the order is entered on the docket.  this rule does not apply to transfer orders of the united states judicial panel on multidistrict litigation.
the court’s order amending the local civil rules can be found here.
a copy of the complete local civil rules can be found here.
 
  

 february 5, 2025 
 january 28, 2025 naturalization ceremony 
 the u.s. district court for the eastern district of louisiana held a naturalization ceremony in which 24 petitioners became united states citizens. the honorable darrel j. papillion, u.s. district judge, presided over the january 28 ceremony. he welcomed and congratulated the petitioners and then invited everyone to stand for the playing of the national anthem by the marine forces reserve band and the reciting of the pledge of allegiance, led by representatives from the daughters of the american revolution. 
judge papillion then invited keynote speakers mr. david abboud thomas and dr. najeeb m. thomas to provide remarks. the two brothers spoke of their experiences as grandchildren of lebanese immigrants. david reflected lovingly on his grandmother’s american pride, while dr. thomas admired his grandparents’ brave journey to the u.s. to escape hardships and give their family more opportunities. “the u.s. is a patchwork quilt, stitched together by immigrant hands,” dr. thomas said. 
assistant u.s. attorney renee goudeau then issued the statement of petitioners’ eligibility for citizenship and presented petitioners’ requests for name change. after granting the... more »  

 january 27, 2025 
 african american history month program 
 
in honor of african american history month, the u.s. district court for the eastern district of louisiana presents a virtual tour and engagement with the exhibit “captive state: louisiana and the making of mass incarceration,” now on view at the historic new orleans collection. wednesday, february 12 from noon-1 pm, in courtroom 501 and by zoom. there is no charge for this 1-hour cle with lunch provided to in-person attendees, but advance registration is required at https://forms.office.com/g/y28g0exum2. please see the eastern district of louisiana website, www.laed.uscourts.gov, for additional information and for updates. special thanks to the historic new orleans collection and to our co-sponsors: the new orleans bar association, the new orleans chapter of the federal bar association, the greater new orleans louis a. martinet legal society,... more »  

 january 24, 2025 
 33rd annual judge alvin b. rubin symposium reenacting and reflecting on the historic civil action vietnamese fishermen vs. the ku klux klan 
 

on november 20, 2024, the united states district court for the eastern district of louisiana and new orleans chapter of the federal bar association presented the 33rd annual judge alvin b. rubin symposium to a packed en banc courtroom, with many more joining via zoom. as with the james meredith case reenacted last year, the historic courtroom reenactment selected for this year’s rubin symposium—vietnamese fishermen vs. the ku klux klan—also had strong ties to the geographic footprint of the fifth circuit court of appeals, where judge rubin served with distinction for over a decade. the all-star cast featured judge darrel j. papillion as plaintiffs’ attorney morris dees and federal public defender claude kelly as antagonist louis beam... more »  

 january 10, 2025 
 memorial services for the honorable helen “ginger” berrigan 
 the new orleans chapter of the federal bar association, along with the family and friends of the honorable helen “ginger” berrigan, will celebrate her life and legacy on thursday, january 16, 2025, at 4:00 p.m., in the united states district courthouse, 500 poydras street, courtroom c-501, new orleans, louisiana.  the public is invited to attend.

  

 january 2, 2025 
 court closure, january 9, 2025 
 the court will be closed thursday, january 9, 2025, in observance of the national day of mourning in memory of former president carter.
  


view all news & announcements »

 













home | feedback | glossary of legal terms | faqs
 








privacy and security policy|browsealoud
 











