








head lice : natural solutions, instructions, information

































		skip to content












				the safe way to get rid of lice for good!
			
 





home
lice faqs
removal instructions
pesticide info
efficacy study
immune system info
about us
head lice blog
shop

menu toggle





shopping cart


 





 









				the safe way to get rid of lice for good!
			
 







main menu

 









about uscartcartcheckoutcheckout

menu toggle

checkout → paythank youcheckout – thank youeffective natural head lice treatmentefficacy studyinformation about pesticidesinstructions for removing head licelice solution shoplice treatments and the immune systemmy accountmy accountmy account

menu toggle

change passwordedit my addressview orderthe faqs of licetrack your order 









effective natural head lice treatment  

enviro-one is a soap that has been proven to be 100% effective even on cases where lice infection persisted up to 4 years!
yes, it seems improbable that a soap would kill head lice.  but it does!  it “melts” the exoskeleton of the insect.  there is no way that the insects can evolve to be immune to the treatment, as they have to the horrible chemical insecticide products currently used to combat head lice.

head lice – a major epidemic
it’s time for school!  will your child contract head lice?   it’s time for summer camp!  oh, no, head lice danger again!
if you have children, plan ahead!  don’t wait until you are confronted with a lice infestation.
already experiencing a lice infestation?
you are looking for an alternative to the mostly toxic and dangerous head lice treatments in your drug store.  you are looking for answers. you need something immediate and effective with good instructions on how to get the lice out of your house, too.
information about head lice
we’ve filled our site with everything you need to know about

instructions on how to get rid of lice –  here’s how to treat head lice and clean your house.
head lice infestations – questions and answers
chemical lice products and their dangers – stop!  don’t use these on your children!
why lice keep coming back – if you have had head lice before or still, read this!
strengthen your immune system after a lice breakout – how you can recover your health after being exposed to the harsh chemicals contained in drugstore lice products

what’s on our site:

efficacy study affirms effectiveness of using kd gold™ for head lice infestations. users state this product is 100% effective even on cases where lice infection persisted up to 4 years!
how to get rid of chronic lice
how to use a totally safe product to get rid of head lice at removal instructions
what’s dangerous about chemical lice remedies at pesticide info
questions and answers about lic at the faqs of lice
how to heal from chemical lice treatments at immune system info
find out about us, the people behind the site
read the head lice blog

[button bg_color=”#ad3169″ size=”large”]head lice hotline: 1-888-759-7256[/button]




 







copyright © 2025 lice solution | powered by astra wordpress theme
 









 scroll to top









