
















the casual critic








































































the casual critic






























































































saturday, march 23, 2013







tragic







      why do we love the tragic characters? not the nice ones, not
the perfect ones, not the pure ones, we love the mean ones, the sinners, the
hopeless ones. those are the characters we yell at, cry with, secretly root
for, and laugh with. those are our favorite characters. why though? 



     is it because they are gorgeous, because they are brilliant,
because they scare us, because they impress us, because they intrigue us? why?
why do we love these crazy, sometimes psychotic, frustrating, demising
characters? why? we see ourselves and the ones we love in them. we relate to
them. we aren’t giving up on ourselves or that annoying older sister or lazy,
troubled little brother, so why should we give up on them?



     friday night lights had plenty of dynamic, troubled
characters. they had underdogs like tyra and mindy, perfects like julie and
landry, beauties like lyla, fighters like tami and becky, and many more who we
adored and rooted for. but who was that one character we loved despite every
time he ran away, every time he screwed someone over, or how many times an
episode he got plastered? tim riggins. that boy could never do anything to make
us hate him. maybe it was his shirtless scenes, or his protectiveness of julie
and becky, or his friendship with jason that made us keep him around, we don’t
know. but we do know we always saw how hard he fought for a better life for
himself and his friends, how much and deeply he really did care for everyone,
and his selflessness when he went to prisoner for his brother. he was a drunk,
a cheater, and an escapee, but he was tim riggins, the heart and soul and
embodiment of a southern boy who just loved his football, his women, his
country, his family, and his land. he was a southern boy with heart, that’s why
we loved him.



     lost had the kindest millionaire you could ever meet, the
hottest and kindest doctor imaginable, the most lovable and little boyish rock
star, and a beautiful sweet mother-to-be. but who did we always come back to
see? sawyer. he was the mean, rude, difficult, cheating, gun-slinging, dirty
mouth con-artist. did we love him for his shirtless scenes, his fabulous
nicknames, and unforgettable one-liners? probably. but we rooted for him
because we saw the hurt little boy inside of him that just wanted justice for
his mom and dad. we saw a little, hurt boy who wanted closure and love. we saw
a man still struggling for those things. and we saw that boy try to show and receive
love a little with kate, but she was just another little girl looking for love
and justice in a criminal’s grown-up body. we saw him changing and we kept
hoping and praying it would stick, and then, then he got left behind on the
island while his friends when off to happy, happy land. the good people got
off, and we were upset our favorite criminal was left behind. there is something
so poetic about all that. and we thought he was lost forever. but juliette
happened. she became the beauty, and stability, and happiness he needed in his
life. this hardened hot criminal became this gorgeous, loyal, kind,
responsible, amazing sheriff we all knew he could be, and we loved him. we
loved him because he showed us a person could really change, all they needed
was just someone to love and believe in them the right way.



     the vampire diaries has compassionate victims, lost
teenagers, bubbly cheerleaders, and concerned best friends, and stone-cold
killers. and we love the killers, case in point, damon and klaus. we watch in
horror as they kill anyone and everyone, pray they don’t kill off our favorite
people, cry and yell when they do, and swear to hate them forever. then, when
the girls they love, elena and caroline, walk in the room we pray and plead
that the girls will forgive them and love them. why? they don’t deserve love.
they are brutally honest, hurt those closest to them, and kill off anyone who
gets on their nerves. but then you realize why. damon does it because he loves
elena, and kills to protect her from anyone who tries to or he thinks will hurt
her. and klaus, well klaus was rejected and doesn’t think anyone could ever
love him, so he lives in bitterness and tries as hard as he can, not to feel.
they are both hurt and alone and struggling, that’s why we love them. we just
want someone to love us too. we don’t kill people to achieve that though, we
just starve ourselves, pay way too much for new clothes, and fake nice.



     we love these tragic characters because we are all tragic in
our own way. whether you are lonely, or broken, or a screw-up, or whatever you
are, there is definitely a character out there for you to relate to and root
for.



     find your villain and cheer away!





posted by



unknown




at

2:20 pm



no comments:
  









email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest















monday, march 11, 2013







twisted







     i’m not talking about your sister or your mother-in-law or
even your life, but the lives of your favorite characters. some of them have
brilliantly twisted lives, and then some of them make no sense. 



     arrow has great twists. his beloved mom is just as bad as
his hated dad, and his best friend is dating his ex, who doesn’t like him
because he cheated on her with her sister who died, but might actually be
alive, all because his best friend’s dad has anger issues and is also one of
his arch archery enemies and one of arrow’s mom’s colleagues of evil. plus, on
top of all that, he is dating one of the cops who is hunting his alter-ego
along with his ex’s dad who is hunting him. got all that? and you thought your
life was tough because your mom calls every day and your ex is dating someone
you don’t know.

     

      nashville has lots of sleeping partner twists. this was
interesting and er, twisted until i realized that apparently everyone sleeps
with everyone at some point. so now it’s not a matter of who is sleeping with
whom, but when who will sleep with whom. so i guess the big twist could be who
was slept with first, i don’t know. they need to have another virgin on the
show who calls them out about it again; now that was a show stopper. like what?
you mean people say no to juliette barnes? what? good stuff. 



     grey’s anatomy used to be twisted, but now i think they’re
just tired. they still have some twists like jackson owning the hospital along
with the plane crash survivors and that’s an awesome twist, but a very
predictable one. and at this point they can’t kill someone off or have someone
cheat on someone for a twist because we’ve seen it too much. i think if they
let some of the characters be truly happy for more than two episodes, it would
be an awesome and rare twist. you never know what happiness could do to
seattle; it may even keep a plane or two in the sky!



     then there’s the vampire diaries or as i like to call it,
the big twist. you have five different supernatural creatures in one town plus
at least like three to four different love triangles at any given moment. that
is enough for like a thousand twists, and then you throw in a new crazy killer
and elena’s newest salvatore choice about every four episodes. that show keeps
you on your toes and a kleenex in your hand. the only twist that i think could
really throw them is if there was no murder or attempted murder at the next
school dance. what? peace and happiness in mystic falls? couldn’t be! 



    so if you want evil parents, deadly plane crashes, cheating spouses,
or murderous vampires, then just keep watching tv and be thankful for your
paranoid co-worker and five cats. 





posted by



unknown




at

9:34 am



no comments:
  









email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest















saturday, march 2, 2013







the one-liner









     want attention? want to make people laugh? want to get the
girl? then grab a one-liner!! that’s what the cool kids do, works every time! or
at least on tv. there’s a great trend on tv now-a-days, the one-liner. usually
the bad guys are the best at using it, and no matter who they are or what they
do, if they have great one-liners, they’re suddenly the dalai lama, all loved
and wanted and great for the audience’s peace of mind.



     lost had polar bears, and time-travel, and guns, and
submarines, and pretty faces, but the ones who scored the most attention and
followers were sawyer, ben, and john locke. why? their one-liners! sawyer was
the best with his nicknames for everyone: “doctor playing golf! wooo! boy
howdy! i’ve heard everything. what’s next? a cop eating a doughnut?” to kate or
“little red riding hood gonna follow big bad wolf back to his stash o’ guns?” to
ana lucia or “yo yourself, pillsbury!” to hurley or “great plan, moonbeam. after that we can sing 'kumbaya'
and do trust falls.” no matter whom he was shooting, or sleeping with,
or double-crossing, you loved him. 



     the walking
dead has zombies, guns, dirt, and more zombies, but the most exciting part is
listening to whatever comes out of daryl dixon’s mouth next. some of his best
include: “well,
those guys' tail lights zigzagging all over the road - figured he had to be
asian, driving like that.” or “yeah, and people in hell want slurpees.” or
“shoot me again? you best pray i’m dead.”



     the vampire diaries has almost every supernatural creature your little
heart could ever desire, but the best one is damon. he’s always biting someone,
or killing someone, or sleeping with someone, or rescuing someone, or stealing
someone’s girl. and through it all, you love him anyway because he is so darn
funny. his best one-liners include: “do i look like i know anything about tattoos? look at my
skin. it's flawless.” & “life sucks. get a
helmet.” & “everything changes tomorrow. it'll be all unicorns and
rainbows.” & “dear diary, a
chipmunk asked me my name today. i told him it was joe. that lie, will haunt
me, forever.” & “you know stefan.
journaling. reading. shaping his hair.”

     

     so whether you are
a con-artist, or a redneck zombie killer, or a dark vampire, if you have
one-liners galore, you will be the fan favorite, the tina fey & amy poehler
to well, everyone. they’ll love you and talk about you and ask you back to host
everything. 








posted by



unknown




at

10:59 am



no comments:
  









email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest















monday, february 25, 2013







twilight, our hero









     we down twilight all the time, their actors, actresses,
plots, couple choices, point, all of it, we don’t like it. but instead, we
should thank them.



     they have entertained us more than anything else has,
just not in the way they wanted to. they have entertained us by being the brunt
of most of our jokes. 



     we create whole pinterest boards bashing them. we
now know how not to write a love story, or be in a love story, or be near a
love story. we know what wannabe vampires and werewolves look like now. we know
all of the faces or none of the faces of kristen stewart now. we know robert
pattinson had better face time in one harry potter movie than the four twilight
movies. and we know taylor lautner more for his abs then his acting now. 



     but most of all we learned:



     vampires are just plain nice. they even sparkle!



     it’s romantic, not creepy when grown men sneak into
your bedroom and watch you sleep.



     it’s okay to drown yourself so your boyfriend will
finally want to spend more than five minutes with you.



     if you don’t get the girl, just wait for her
daughter.



     babies can kill you, not with sleep depravity, but
good ole beating you up from the inside out.



     bad guys will leave you alone, if you tell them what
could happen if they don’t.



     and finally, showing no emotion while your life goes
crazy, ends, and comes back is always the proper       emotion.

     

     so, as you see, we should thank them for the endless
entertaining material they have provided us for years to come, and if you don’t
want to thank them for that, thank them for the great advice their story
provides. (p.s. i just lost all faith in humanity.)





posted by



unknown




at

1:25 pm



no comments:
  









email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest















saturday, february 23, 2013







to be or not to be: celebrity chemistry







     chemistry is so vital in tv. not the add this and
that, go boom, chemistry. but the oh my goodness, my toes are curling, my
heart’s racing, i have chills, chemistry. whoever the chemistry is between:
friends, relatives, co-workers, or lovers, it is what makes or breaks each
relationship on the show, especially the one between the lovers. the couple can
look so epically fantastic on paper and in theory, but if those co-stars don’t
have that special chemistry, that relationship and possibly that show are going
belly-up. 



     sometimes you can tell the couple has chemistry long
before they even kiss, for instance, jo and karev on grey’s anatomy. the show
has been flirting with this idea this whole season. they have progressed from
acquaintances, to virtually enemies, to best friends, to almost something more.
every category they have been in has been spot-on and very convincing. no
matter how they treat each other, you love it, because it is so real, the
chemistry so palpable. now, they are sending each other love looks, and the
audience is just as excited as they are because they know when this couple
finally gets together, it’s going to be epic and perfect, because they click.
their chemistry is so genuine and good, like most of the couples on this show. 



     sometimes the couple sounds perfect, maybe even looks
good, but once they kiss, you realize it’s all doomed. a prime example is
laurel and tommy on arrow, arrow’s ex that he hurt and his best friend who was
there for his ex. it made sense, almost poetic, and then the inevitable
happened…….they kissed. there’s little, if any chemistry there, and they look
more like awkward neighbors trying to spark things up than the triumphant, from
the ashes, couple they are supposed to be. it just leaves you confused, a
little grossed out, and very, very unfulfilled. at this point, you just want
anyone else to be with laurel, even the man who almost destroyed her. 



     then sometimes, you have a couple who you know
shouldn’t be together, but their chemistry is so rich and vivid, that you
almost root for them anyway. case in point is sawyer and kate in lost. that
cage scene between them made everyone, even the show’s deepest, darkest critics
vote for that couple. it was real, and raw, and memorable. that’s what every
show wants, one couple that has everyone in the world rooting for them and
tuning in just because of them and that one scene. whether sawyer and kate were
fighting, running, kissing, or just talking, you could feel the chemistry 1,000
miles away on your couch, you could touch it. and you wanted to see more of it.


     

     and then sometimes, you have those perfect couples
who have great chemistry, until one of them just has to run off and have even
better chemistry with someone else. how dare them! they leave you sitting there,
breathless and confused, not knowing who to root for. there are a couple examples
here. first, you have kate and jack from lost. there was definite chemistry
between them and everyone loved them, but then kate kept running back into
sawyer’s arms (puts a whole new spin on “we have to go back!”), where the
chemistry was overwhelming. you knew she should be with jack, it was her
destiny; but there was nothing like her and sawyer and that passion. and then
came along example two, juliette and sawyer. when juliette and sawyer finally
got together, it was like hold up, we just found epicness number three on this
show. they found each other in a time of desperation, but their relationship
was anything but desperate. it wasn’t the overwhelming passionate love between
sawyer and kate or the strong, defying love between kate and jack. it was a
passionate, yet secure, moving, yet firm, real, yet raw love that only the bad
boy and the good girl could pull off. their scene in the finale where they
finally remember who they are and what they had, it was so real that it made
you want to leave your couch right that minute, find your soul mate, and kiss
them like the world was ending. now, that right there is chemistry. 



     another show with great chemistry changers is the
vampire diaries. the first couple affected was tyler and caroline. their
biggest chemistry moment was when she helped him through his changing into a
werewolf. the scenes where she is holding him as he lies helplessly on the
ground whimpering and moaning in pain, make you so sad for him, but so happy
for them because you can see their bond forming and growing so much in those
scenes. that is chemistry at its best, when two people can make one scene
between them give you so many conflicting emotions, you feel helpless. then,
just when you thought caroline had found her life partner, klaus showed up.
they haven’t kissed, they’ve barely had a civil conversation, but you want them
together so bad. why? well, the emotion in every scene between them is
downright touchable. you can feel klaus’s love for her, even when he is being a
total jerk. and their chemistry is about the only thing keeping you from
begging klaus to be killed off already, and they aren’t even close to being
together. that chemistry is epic and raw and unbelievable. the second couple
affected is stefan and elena. you see their chemistry from episode one and you
believe it and root for it. their talks, their arguments, their journal
entries, their kisses, all leave you wanting more. they are perfect. well
until, damon shows up, or more like crashes the party. throughout the seasons,
there is always this undercurrent of what if she doesn’t choose the expected,
what if she can save him, what if he is her epic love. then they kissed. if
stefan and elena together left you wanting more, damon and elena left you
praying for more. they did more in one kiss to upset the whole dynamic than
stefan did in his multi-episode killing spree. if one kiss can send a three season
relationship spiraling, then the actors must be doing something right. then in
the fourth season, they officially sealed the deal, and you knew right there
that no matter what stefan did, he would never truly compare or erase damon and
his mark forever. chemistry that can change a three season epic love story is
epic chemistry. 



     and then finally, sometimes, the right chemistry is
actually between the right people. beauty and the beast has this so far. vince
and catherine have been doing the whole maybe we will, maybe we won’t thing all
season. and anytime they are within ten, you know what, any amount of feet of
each other, you can feel them getting closer, feel them kissing, and
then…..they don’t. they make some excuse and walk away. it is so frustrating,
but so well orchestrated. finally, they professed their love for each other
this past episode and kissed! hallelujah! and honestly, for their first kiss, i
was thoroughly impressed. they looked like they were truly meant for each other
and that everything was going to work out and nothing would separate them, even
though he’s a fugitive and she’s a liar. their kiss put you at ease and made
you super excited and satisfied all in ten seconds. that’s true chemistry right
there, folks. 



     now, there are many, many more examples of amazing
and awful chemistry combinations on tv, but these are just a few of the ones i
have noticed lately. i’m sure i’ll rant about a few more later, but for now, check
out these and keep praying and wishing that they keep being great or get
better, depending on where they are now. the chemistry between the characters,
especially the lovers, is what convinces you a show is worth it, makes you want
more of it, keeps you coming back, and causes you to create pinterest boards
about it! 



     let me know what you think about the chemistry on
these shows and any other shows that i have left out! i’m always interested in
more shows! 







posted by



unknown




at

5:51 pm



no comments:
  









email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest
















home




subscribe to:
posts (atom)















blog archive








        ▼ 
      



2013

(5)





        ▼ 
      



march

(3)

tragic
twisted
the one-liner








        ► 
      



february

(2)









about me




unknown



view my complete profile











































picture window theme. powered by blogger.
























