front page - eugene saturday market                     
skip to content        



weekly live mapartisan directoryaboutmarket historyf.a.q.employment opportunitiesmusicfood courtphotosinstagramphotos on flickrfor market membersmarket membership applicationsmember portalweekly member newslettermarket calendarhelpful member linksboard minutes and candidate statementsstandards committee minutessell at marketstore





eugene saturday marketweekly live mapartisan directoryaboutmarket historyf.a.q.employment opportunitiesmusicfood courtphotosinstagramphotos on flickrfor market membersmarket membership applicationsmember portalweekly member newslettermarket calendarhelpful member linksboard minutes and candidate statementsstandards committee minutessell at marketstoresupport local artisans this holiday season!find the eugene saturday market, with hundreds of talented artisans, our international food court and live entertainment on the park blocks in downtown eugene, or. held every saturday from 10am-4pm starting april 5th, 2025.  weekly live map
 artisan directory
  oldest open-air crafts market in the u.s.a.the perfect place to shop for locally handmade goods, listen to live music, and grab a bite to eat from our international food court.
saturday market
april 5th – november 1st126 e. 8th ave.10am-4pm artisan directory

international
food court
14 food boothsfresh meals made on site food court page

live music
performances all daylocal musiciansdancing encouraged  weekly stage line up

all handmade
the maker is the sellershop localsupport artists learn how to join us
 support the saturday market
support artisans here in oregon! you can contribute to the eugene saturday market, and help us support local artisans and micro-businesses. the saturday market is a not-for-profit and artist first organization. to get started click
on the ‘support the saturday market’ button.you can also donate to the kareng fund: an emergency relief fund for artists here in oregon. the kareng fund is a 501(c)3 non-profit that supports artists, who have awarded over $100,000 in grants to artists in crisis. to donate and/or
learn more about the kareng fund, click the ‘support the kareng fund’ button. support the kareng fund






































©2025 eugene saturday market - all rights reserved                  

