



















































menu
skip to content
home
our clan
our family
our home
our journey
our purpose
our rv
jenny’s journal
juice plus+
 

search for:



 







the dalys – living life at a higher level





our journey of discovery
we moved from england to colorado, usa; we just took 15 years to do it, with 11 years in texas and 4 years rving across north america. learn more



our family today
our 13-strong family lives in the same neighborhood in eagle, colorado. we are blessed to be living close enough to pour into their lives! learn more



our purpose
now in our 70’s it’s wonderful to have a business with a purpose that we would never “retire” from; one that makes a huge difference. learn more


our story

“we moved from england to colorado, usa; we just took 15 years to do it, with 11 years in texas and 4 years rving across north america.”
that’s our answer to people who ask, “where are you from?” for almost four years we traveled through 46 states, canada, australia and europe, on a personal journey of discovery, working our business and in search of a new home: somewhere to put down roots again.
this total freedom in choosing where to live presented some interesting challenges. most of us are “told” where to live by our employer, or maybe we live where we grew up. so how do you decide when no-one and nothing dictates the answer?
to discover how we decided, you can read jenny’s journal and our colorado page. 
suffice it to say, the rocky mountains won, and since 2001 we’ve made them our home.
for years we had dreamed of spending a year or two rving … so, before settling down in colorado, we did it! 
while here you can learn from our 4 years of “full-time” rving experience (1997-2001).
after building our log home in 2001-2002, and living in it for a wonderful 7 years, it sold in march ’09 (miraculously!), and in august we moved into our new home (built by ben & kevin) in eagle, co to be even closer to our growing family – now 13 strong.
during these years, our family grew by the addition of two wonderful daughters-in-law, and the 7 super grandchildren that they bore. 
thank you ben & jen and kevin & erin … and god!
the latest chapters in our life and our journey: 2020, 2021 and 2022.












					proudly powered by wordpress				










