


the faithful word.org home page (bible study resources)













        the faithful word.org is a bible study tool and doctrinal research aid for clergy and for serious laymen.
 










click on any of the categories below to explore our christian faith with topics ranging from church to your personal salvation.










      pages to visit on this site
    




      categories of articles
      


































      
      why the faithful word.org web site?
      

   
      book reviews
      


      contact us
      

   
      e-mails we received
      

 
      faqs
      

  
      helpful links
      


  
      copyrights
      

  
      disclaimers
      

  
      archives from c. w. booth's blog (his master's voice)
      

  
      sermons by c.w.booth
      








church



church discipline



church organization and structure



corporate worship



discipleship / sanctification and growth



fellowship / relationships / communication



hospitality



membership



ministry



music




seeker sensitive, mega church, postmodernism, emerging church



 
women's ministries   



counseling (biblical and nouthetic)



discernment and apologetics



drama as worship



articles



original worship dramas



emotions



entertainment



evangelism and salvation



family and parenting



government, social security, taxes



holidays



knowing the will of god



liberties and legalism



marriage and divorce (and remarriage)




miscellaneous, travelogues, and uncategorized articles



oaths, vows, and promises



prayer



scripture (the bible as holy scripture)



sin and forgiveness



spiritual gifts



apostles and prophets: validating modern claims of leadership


prophecy--articles (and links to articles on other sites)




faith healing -- god’s compassion, power, sovereignty: 
is a christian permitted to seek medical help or use medicine?



music 



miracles and cessation 



using spiritual gifts 




spiritual warfare 



theology (the study of god)



bible study techniques and exegesis




brief interpretations of common but difficult verses



books of the bible studied




      jeremiah, chapter three - exposition and paraphrase




      matthew 18 -- how to treat a little one




acts 15--the turning point for historical worship




colossians




third john




revelation



comparative theology





atheism, mithraism, paganism





catholic theology




jehovah's witnesses' theology




judaism




mormon theology



doctrines of grace, calvinism, tulip, arminianism



god's nature
 


teens, youth groups, and young children
 


trials and suffering




your personal salvation



      please suggest other topics by selecting: 
        contact us






what is new on thefaithfulword.org
earlier the following new articles were posted:


strange fire, by john macarthur, book review written by c.w.booth 

"my god, why have you forsaken me?" detailed theological exploration of jesus' use of psalm 22:1 (did jesus endure hell or give the "scream of the damned"?) 

original sermons written and delivered by c.w.booth
evidences of the supernatural origin of scripture: prophecies that still convince me 
was christ jesus a myth derived from mithra, the persian sun god?
breaking a curse: magic, witchcraft, and the christian
the complement of flattery
cussin' (use of cursing, swear words, and foul language by christians
unconditional forgiveness--is it?
far better to strive for christ than against him--a study of jacob
hedonists by nature but not by rebirth
joy and strength (a reflection on nehemiah 8:10)
the five "solas"
jane's homemade soup recipes from her booth family cookbook
“i am sorry you were offended” and other insincere apologies 
halloween bible tract in word format (printing instructions on last page of document)
frequently asked questions (faqs) about forgiveness
what is biblical forgiveness, and who should be forgiven? 
it is what you say, not how you say it
passover celebration: conducting a representative seder
presenting a gospel witness to the japanese
archived postings from c. w. booth's blog (his master's voice).
10 part series on love:

the sum of all scriptures 
love -- in deed
love and spiritual gifts 
pursue love 
the element of emotion in love 
angry, sorrowful, and zealous, but still in love 
loving action--the goal of all emotion 
knowledge makes arrogant, but love…
trumping love
sacrifices of love 



future articles to be posted  

future articles are now under prioritization



to those who have taken the time to write personal e-mails, thank you.  it is my intent to respond to all genuine e-mail within 7 calendar days (spam is not genuine e-mail, of course, and such will not receive personal responses).  also, please consider leaving a public comment on the forum or in the guestbook; though i do not always respond personally to those postings, i do read them.
thank you again for taking the time to read thefaithfulword.org.  
in the service of christ,
c. w. booth


doctrine


every action we take in our life is a choice.  our choices are made on the basis of our value systems, how we evaluate good from bad.  our value systems are grounded in our deepest-held beliefs; and beliefs are those things we have come to honestly hold as "the truth".  


doctrines, as we will define them here, are the teachings we derive from the scriptures.  these teachings are the fundamental building blocks of all we believe about god, spirituality, and righteous living.


if our doctrines are biblically accurate, we have a good basis for choosing to do "the right thing".  if our doctrines of holiness and pure living are correctly developed from scripture we have the proper rule set by which to choose how to live.  if we have sound doctrine on god's love, final judgement, and eternity, we have the necessary foundation for being motivated to choose right behavior.


our doctrine is not merely reflected in our behavior, our doctrine (our beliefs) drive our behavior.  therefore, this site is biased toward studying doctrine in a manner that directly relates the christian life to how god has called us to live.  


"in all things show yourself to be an example of good deeds, with purity in doctrine, dignified,"  titus 2:7  nasb




a brief word



the faithful word.org is a relatively new site.  it began posting articles in september of 2002.  if your desired category is not yet populated with articles, please return in a week or two (we are operating with a very small volunteer staff).  


if you do not see the category of doctrine for which you have an interest, please send us an e-mail explaing your specific area of interest.  if the topic is within our own domain of interest and experience, we may consider researching an article in that area.


thank you for your kind visit.  we hope you found it useful and edifying.




if you would like to link to the faithful word.org, please feel free to copy this icon onto your links page.  use of this icon on a web site does not imply endorsement by the faithful word.org of that web site.






site contact:  go to page  "contact us" 

copyright 2002, 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010, 2011, 2012, 2013 - all rights retained

site last revised:  september 17, 2013




