



cuba-junky - love for cuba
































































cuba ... feel this country!

i've heard somebody say ...
"unbelievable! 
- in this country there is no gasoline, but cars are all over the road
- there`s no food, but everybody is cooking dinner
- they have no money, but everybody is dancing and drinking rum. 
 






 






do cuba on your own, it's easy!

lots of tourists  go on a package deal to areas such as varadero, jardines del rey or holguin and stay in all inclusive  resorts. 
                    my  advice  is to travel around the country, stay in a casa particular where you will be a guest in a cuban family's home. hire a car, take the viazul bus, or arrange a local cuban taxi. 
                    cuba is easy to do on your own and much cheaper when you arrange it yourself. 
you do not need a travel agent!
                    besides that ...  you support the cuban people.


information about cuba

most important matters on traveling around cuba:
                    -  the cuba first timers information is a must read
                    - the a cuba faq page (frequently asked questions) 
                    - when you have read this, go read the cuba travel information page 


accommodations

casas and hotels in cuba
- read the do and don'ts about hundreds of casas particulares 


americans traveling to cuba 
yes you can travel to cuba, many us citizens do daily 
information about how to do cuba on your own without those stupid usa rules.
usa  to cuba travel information



 



 






are you cuban?

cuban locals in the lead
cubans, list your private business here at cuba-junky!
casa owners you are welcome to send us your info and pictures.
                    your listing  on the website   is free, without asking any commission or any other payment.
                    it's free for all cuban locals. 



 



 



 
cuba pages
| destinations |
                      | travel info | usa  to cuba travel info |
                      | cuba first timers travel info |  faq's |
                      | casas particulares | car rental | 
flights | culture 
 





 












 











 







 
 


 
©cuba-junky | kvk / cc the hague the netherlands: 27315058 
 










