


gestation network















gestation network


















this site is maintained bythe perinatal institute



















 




 





                 
            









                                 
                            











  • perinatal
                                  institute




  
                            • reference 
                            literature 




                                                     

                                                     

                                                     

                                                     



                                                     






                                                    welcome to the website of the gestation network. this site aims
                                                    to highlight the importance of an individual approach in the assessment of fetal
                                                    growth, based on maternal, fetal and pregnancy characteristics.
                                                

                                                    fetal growth is of principal concern in perinatal surveillance. it has relevance
                                                    for
                                                



antenatal care: failure to thrive in utero can lead to
                                                            fetal death; antepartum stillbirth is the largest contributor to perinatal mortality
                                                            in most developed countries.



intrapartum surveillance: growth restricted fetuses are more likely
                                                            to become distressed during labour.
                                                        



neonatal care: babies who are small due to prematurity or
                                                            growth restriction are more prone to neonatal complications.
                                                        



                                                    this site contains access details for fetal growth charts and birthweight centile calculators. it also has software for calculating gestational age, fetal weight estimation and scan errors. click on the relevant link below.
                                                to learn more about the grow technique, see 
                                                    grow documentation.

                                                     
















                                                     

disclaimer: the gestation network, perinatal institute and authors of the software cannot accept responsibility for any clinical diagnoses or decisions made on the basis of software programmes or charts provided through this and associated websites.
                                                

copyright: grow - customised software programmes contain algorithms based on published principles and formulae which are copyright of gestation network ltd.



terms and service and disclaimer  - please click here




















 



© gestation network ltd 2025









