



nob hill place | apartments for rent in san francisco, ca, 94109 | apartment rentals
 







































custominserts2




 















 call today :
                                    
                                      (415) 421-1899                                    
  


                                                                         location:
                                    


                                             1155 jones street                                           

                                             san francisco                                           

                                             ca                                           

                                             94109                                           



                                        

                                      
map it

 call us
map it











español
es



 apartment search



    ada page

residents


apply now 





















homegalleryamenitiesfloor plansvirtual toursneighborhoodcontactresidentsschedule a tour ada pagereviews 













nob hill place apartments for rent in san francisco, ca                            

 apartment rentals san francisco, ca


see floorplans
see virtual tours

apply now













 



loading...







 
                        about nob hill place                    




welcome to your new home at nob hill place apartments in san francisco, ca! 
nob hill place invites you to start your new san francisco lifestyle. find yourself embracing an apartment community that is full of endless opportunities for entertainment, and relaxation. our apartments for rent in san francisco, give you the perfect combination of comfort at home, and convenience to be out on the town. here you’ll find stunning features and a spectacular location. we offer studio, 1 bedroom, and 2 bedroom floor plans that bring you everything you need at your fingertips. come home to our san francisco apartments, and experience the first-hand comfort, and amenities built just for you. dive into life at a location that is nestled near all of the top local attractions. our san francisco apartments for rent will bring you the beauty of nearby scenery, and the convenience of your local neighborhood. come enjoy the benefits of city life, combined with the rewards of high-class apartment living. 
make nob hill place apartments in san francisco, ca your home, and join our community today. 
 



oversized single bowl under mount sink w/ garbage disposalprivate garages w/ electric door openerslarge walk in closetselegant wood cabinets*private entrancestainless steel appliances*kohler kitchen & bathroom faucets*gorgeous quartz countertops & breakfast bar*track lighting 
*only in select units 












san francisco neighborhood

                                        if you are looking for a class a luxury living experience in nob hill, san francisco, nob hill place is the place for you!                                        
exploratorium
chinatown san francisco
great american music hall



see all the attractions













other features & services



controlled accesspackage servicelaundry facilities 





professional managementgreat neighborhoodflexible lease terms available 














join our community

the historic nob hill neighborhood, grace cathedral, union square, chinatown, the financial district and north beach all just a stroll away by foot or cable car ride.                                    

see floor plans


















gallery of nob hill place apartments                    




                                take a photo tour through your new san francisco apartment home, and then schedule a tour with us today! see for yourself better living at nob hill place.                                





all
amenities
interior





 
























apartment building | nob hill place apartments san francisco, ca

                                        community                                    




















living room | nob hill place

                                        apartment                                    




















gym | nob hill place

                                        community                                    




















interior | nob hill place

                                        apartment                                    




















fitness center

                                        community                                    




















kitchen | nob hill place

                                        apartment                                    















					bart map           
				




								only a 15 min walk to bay area rapid transit (bart), concord bart station is 0.8 miles away making sunset pines apartments. bart connects the san francisco peninsula with oakland, berkeley, fremont, walnut creek, dublin/pleasanton and other cities in the east bay. for more than 40 years bart has provided fast, reliable transportation to downtown offices, shopping centers, tourist attractions, entertainment venues, universities and other destinations for bay area residents and visitors alike.
								
with bart breaking ground, the city is moving forward with infrastructure improvements to improve signage to and from bart and improve walking and biking in its downtown corridor. the city will restripe and install class ii bike lanes in downtown concord, including grant street and oakland avenue, improving access for bikers to and from the bart station.

https://www.bart.gov/schedules & https://countyconnection.com/
















                        apartment living in san francisco                    




                                    our properties are conveniently located at the top of the historic nob hill neighborhood near grace cathedral, with union square, chinatown, the financial district and north beach all just a stroll away by foot or cable car ride. for whatever reason you are in san francisco, whether you are relocating for a new job, on extended business travel or remodeling your home, we have outstanding living environments perfectly suited to your needs.                                























                                           call us
                                        

                                            (415) 421-1899                                        










                                            address
                                        

											1155 jones street san francisco, ca 94109                                        










                                            office hours
                                        

                                            monday - friday: 09:00 am - 05:00 pmsaturday - sunday: 10:00 am - 06:00 pm                                        















                                   reserve your new home now - ask us a question                                































please verify that you are human


 all the fields are required
                                                




submit











 



sitemap















facebook social media google social media yelp social media





                                1155 jones street san francisco, ca 94109                            






home
gallery
amenities
floor plans





neighborhood
schedule a tour
view available units
apply online
pet friendly
get directions





resident portal

contact us
privacy policy
privacy notice for ca residents
accessibility statement
accessible one page
terms of service























nob hill place

1155 jones street
san francisco, 
  									ca, 
  									94109

(415) 421-1899

              contact us!
              
https://www.nobhillplaceapts.com
 


                            copyright © 2025
                            nob hill place apartments. all rights reserved.
        





apartment management consultants, broker license # 01525033






back to top


apartment marketing by marketapts.com®


















 









  











please ensure javascript is enabled for purposes of website accessibility 





