














short breaks in a natural environmentshort breaks in a natural environment
two companies, one idea; family time in a natural environment



who are center parcs?
center parcs operates as two separately owned and run companies, sharing the same concept: family time in the middle of nature. the holiday villages in uk and ireland are owned and run by center parcs limited. the villages in the netherlands, belgium, germany and france are owned and run by center parcs europe bv.




discover center parcs uk & ireland

select your destination



uk & ireland
                6 parks
              



europe
                over 20 parks
              






























select your village


sherwood forest (nottinghamshire)


woburn forest (bedfordshire)


elveden forest (suffolk)


longleat forest (wiltshire)


whinfell forest (cumbria)


longford forest (ireland)


visit centerparcs.co.uk in english




discover center parcs europe


























































































select your country / language


deutschland


france


belgië / belgique


nederland


schweiz / suisse


dansk


other countries / languages


visit center parcs europe in english






what does center parcs uk and ireland offer?


              we provide the experience, the environment and the choice, to allow families to enjoy their time together at their pace. all in a natural, luxurious, secure and spacious forest setting featuring: 

quality accommodation, all set in up to 400 acres of natural forest
up to 200 indoor and outdoor activities to choose from, with something for all ages, whatever the weather
a varied selection of restaurants and shops
entry to our subtropical swimming paradise
relaxation at the award winning aqua sana spa; several experience rooms and a range of indulgent treatments





what does center parcs europe offer?


                27 parks are spread over the netherlands, belgium, germany and france. we see it as our mission to unlock the countless beautiful sides of our human nature. by inviting you to play, create, care, explore and discover with your loved ones.

immerse yourself in the natural environment: from lakeside forests to coast!


a wide range of accommodations. from fully equipped cottages to tree houses.


unlimited entry to the swimming paradise aqua mundo


restaurants, shops and free entertainment in the market dome


a variety of indoor and outdoor experiences to suit all ages









 




 




 




 




 




 












 




 




 




 




 




 










            copyright center parcs uk & ireland and center parcs europe 2024
          

  
