










harvard - b2b tech marketing & pr agency london









































 


















a vccp company

























hello:
we’re
harvard
we are a marketing and pr agency that helps tech brands make their move.





make your move
a team of passionate specialists that know the technology industry inside out, we combine this expertise with a breadth of services to help our clients make their move – whether that’s to disrupt a market, change minds or win new fans.




capabilities


culture







what's new?









harvard

our latest insights










marketing

what is chatgpt?










editorial

have we passed 'peak podcast'?










de&i

harvard awarded full blueprint status










pr

how tanzania is digging for climate victory










podcast

heard@harvard









our integrated offering
we combine best-in-class strategy and creative from the marketing and advertising worlds with pr-grade storytelling. so whether the activity is branding, content, social, above-the-line, experiential, analyst and influencer-focused, or pr-led, you can expect integrated thinking that delivers real impact.





































work we're proud of



cisco
5g ruralfirst


 



vodafone
vois


 



irobot
just say clean


 



workplace from facebook
deskless not voiceless


 



access intelligence
insight and inspiration


 



wunderman thompson commerce
black fiveday


 



mimecast
web spoofing


 



dun & bradstreet
coronavirus impact


 






life at harvard






happy diwaliween from all of us at harvard. 🎉 h


 





yesterday we were happy to welcome @cnbc's very ow









 





we were privileged to be invited to @condenast's f


 


 















back to the top






get in touch

call us
+44 (0)20 7861 2800


general enquiries
hello@harvard.co.uk


join us
iwanttowork@harvard.co.uk



visit us

1 francis st
london sw1p 1dh


maps



follow us


































































































privacy
cookies
covid-19
fraudulent use of vccp’s name
 

© harvard communications. all rights reserved.
harvard communications is registered in england & wales. company no. 01635226 








about
work
capabilities
culture
careers
insights
h:lab
harvard:hq
de&i
contact
 

















































cookies!
we care about your data, and we'd love to use cookies to make your experience better. cookie policy


rejectcookie settingsaccept all

manage consent




close






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.

 





								necessary							


necessary

always enabled




									necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. these cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously.
cookiedurationdescriptioncookielawinfo-checbox-analytics11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "analytics".cookielawinfo-checbox-functional11 monthsthe cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "functional".cookielawinfo-checbox-others11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "other.cookielawinfo-checkbox-advertisement1 yearset by the gdpr cookie consent plugin, this cookie is used to record the user consent for the cookies in the "advertisement" category .cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "necessary".cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "performance".cookielawinfoconsent1 yearcookieyes sets this cookie to store the user consent.jsessionidsessionthe jsessionid cookie is used by new relic to store a session identifier so that new relic can monitor session counts for an application.viewed_cookie_policy11 monthsthe cookie is set by the gdpr cookie consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. it does not store any personal data. 






								functional							


functional





									functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features.
cookiedurationdescription__cf_bm30 minutesthis cookie, set by cloudflare, is used to support cloudflare bot management.aka_debugsessionvimeo sets this cookie which is essential for the website to play video functionality.sp_landing1 daythe sp_landing is set by spotify to implement audio content from spotify on the website and also registers information on user interaction related to the audio content.sp_t1 yearthe sp_t cookie is set by spotify to implement audio content from spotify on the website and also registers information on user interaction related to the audio content. 






								performance							


performance





									performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors.
								






								analytics							


analytics





									analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. these cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc.
cookiedurationdescription_ga1 year 1 month 4 daysthe _ga cookie, installed by google analytics, calculates visitor, session and campaign data and also keeps track of site usage for the site's analytics report. the cookie stores information anonymously and assigns a randomly generated number to recognize unique visitors._ga_*1 year 1 month 4 daysgoogle analytics sets this cookie to store and count page views._gat_ua-*1 minutegoogle analytics sets this cookie for user behaviour tracking.n_gid1 dayinstalled by google analytics, _gid cookie stores information on how visitors use a website, while also creating an analytics report of the website's performance. some of the data that are collected include the number of visitors, their source, and the pages they visit anonymously.vuid1 year 1 month 4 daysvimeo installs this cookie to collect tracking information by setting a unique id to embed videos to the website. 






								advertisement							


advertisement





									advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. these cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads.
								






								others							


others





									other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet.
cookiedurationdescriptionloglevelneverno description available.viewer_country1 dayno description 












save & accept


powered by 






















