








hopewell center – st. louis area mental health care provider








































javascript must be enabled for the correct page display

skip to content





mobile nav opener



people’s health centers
people’s community action corporation
people’s family of corporations
 
careers
 





search



close


about

strategic planning – almhw 2023-2028
mission and vision
leadership
board of directors
our history
balanced service system
partners in community healthcare
title vi


services

adult services
children & adolescents services
sliding fee scale


locations
contact
 







your browser does not support the video tag.



culturally sensitive mental health care with dignity, respect and compassion.
learn more






our services
locations
resources






betty jean kerr people’s health centers behavioral health services formerly known as amanda luckett murphy hopewell center grew out of a 40-year history of service. betty jean kerr people’s health centers provides comprehensive mental health services to children and adults in the northern and central parts of the city of st. louis. mental health professionals assist individuals with mental illness to better function within the community.











featured services
betty jean kerr people’s health centers behavioral health services provides a range of mental health services and social services designed to meet clients’ needs.


therapy

provides therapeutic opportunities to help adults and children/families deal with stressors they may experience.



community support

staff provides face to face assistance to achieve goals established as part of an individual treatment plan



crisis intervention services

professionals available to provide walk-in or phone crisis intervention



medication services

prescribing and management of psychotropic medications.



explore all of our services today.





explore our family









questions? contact betty jean kerr people’s health centers today.
contact betty jean kerr people’s health centers








mental health services
people’s family news
people’s family events
careers
contact
donate
accessibility
hipaa
rights and responsibilities
phs
 
connect with us

facebook
linkedin
youtube




betty jean kerr people's health centers formerly known as alm hopewell center provides comprehensive mental health services to children and adults in the northern and central parts of the city of st. louis and north st. louis city. 
copyright 2024 – people’s family or corporations.
website by hub & spoke




back to top





please be advised that due to presidents' day, all people's facility locations will be closed and will reopen on tuesday, february 18, 2025 







in crisis? call 988

learn more about missouri’s 988 suicide & crisis lifeline


			close			













