



	oasys and occupational asthma










 













log in / register
password reminder













 

oasys

courses

forums

references

referralcentres

causes

shield

casehistories

links




 home













oasys and occupational asthma
this website contains information on occupational asthma and a free multi award winning computer program called oasys, which is used to help diagnose occupational asthma from serial peak flow records. oasys shows further information and downloads for the oasys program. references is a searchable database of more than 5000 published papers in the field of occupational asthma. causes shows some of the causes of occupational asthma. the shield scheme reports some statistics for occupational asthma, mainly in the west midlands region, uk. bohrf shows the evidence based occupational asthma guidelines for the uk. the interactive case histories are a learning resource for interested health professionals.		
				there are also medics, specialists, employers and worker sections.

 latest news













occupational asthma course 2025


18 10 2024















new url for the oasys server


16 01 2024















occupational asthma course march 14/15 2024 - booking now live!


18 08 2023















stopping sprayed cleaners improves asthma


01 04 2023















bakers asthma and rhinitis still occuring with exposure levels <1mg,m3


08 01 2023





view all

latest publications





      
      ganseman e, gouwy m, bullens d, breynaert c, schrijvers r, proost p, 
      reported cases and diagnostics of occupational insect allergy: a systematic review,
      int. j. mol. sci.,
      2023;24:86,https://doi.org/10.3390/ijms24010086
    
















      
      robertson nm, qiu a, raju s, mccormack mc, koehler k, 
      cleaning indoor air—what works for respiratory health: an updated literature review and recommendations,
      j allergy clin immunol,
      2024;154:847-860,10.1016/j.jaci.2024.08.011
    
















      
      radbel j, rebuli me, kipen h, brigham e, 
      indoor air pollution and airway health
,
      j allergy clin immunol,
      2024;154:835-846,10.1016/j.jaci.2024.08.013
    











go to "references" section.
latest forum questions



pipe inspector exposed to hci during a inspection.




i was exposed to (hci)anhydrous hydrogen chlorine when a pipe released near my face in sept 2018.  my question has anyone had any similar exposures and what did/treatment was used and the tests to determine correct clinical diagnosis.

 i was in 2019 diagnosed with copd mod/severe and severe copd in 2023.the steroids that were prescribed combivent respimat then later spiriva respimat and ventolin as a rescue inhaler. these did not help and in 2022 i stop taking them. i have since only had a handful of attacks, that can be controlled with oxygen at 2l and vit d.
dr.niels koenke has recently determined after the improvement in my lung pft testing (dlco 52% in 2021 to 80% in 2024) that i likely have rads or occupational asthma that makes more sense to me than copd. he says he needs to do more testing but has not explain exactly what tests yet. 

has anyone else had a similar exposure? test's used.
also did they experience daily migraine headaches?

this has been a extremely frustrating situation that just seems to drag on.

any help would be appreciated. 



  occupational asthma,
   worker,
  2/2/2025,
  2/2/2025,
  
  

 




half scale view




hi 

has the option to view / print the report in half-scale been removed? i can't find the option for it anymore.

thanks 

carr


  oasys,
   health professional,
  11/19/2024,
  12/5/2024,
  
  

 




comments for the page titled: "logging on"




communication intercepted.


  page comments,
   ,
  3/19/2024,
  9/10/2024,
  
  

 
the website

this website is run by the oasys research group, part of the midland thoracic society, uk. we are an independent group of clinicians and researchers, and run a clinical service for workers with occupational lung disease as part of the british national health service. we have developed the oasys program to help ourselves and others in the diagnosis of occupational asthma. we have no specific funding, relying on research grants and the enthusiasm of our group. the website is written by cedd burge, who receives some funding from the group. the group meets every friday evening after the occupational lung disease clinic, as shown below.
as a casual user of this site (without logging in or registering) you can view all the information and use all the contact pages. registered and logged in users (registering is free and we won't abuse your email) can download and use the oasys program, ask and reply to questions in the forums, leave comments, add new references, add abstracts and full text links to existing references, answer questions in the case histories and provide evidence and suggest questions for future evidence based guidelines. 
  
  
  
  
  if you would like to be added to the list of known authors or collaborators then please register with the website (if you have not already done so) and then get in touch from the contact page. once we have set the page up you will be able to edit it yourself and indicate which references you have written. your picture will then be displayed along with each of these references. if you are already in these lists and would like to edit your page then please register with the website and then get in touch from the contact page.funding
recent research grants / contracts have been received from the following.

the national institue for occupational safety and health (us)
the health and safety executive (uk)
cefic (europe)
the colt foundation (uk)




 the oasys team








anees, wasif 


                 
(oasys)             







belcher, john 


                 
(oasys)             







bright, phil 


                 
(oasys)             







burge, cedd 


                 
(oasys)             







burge, geraldine 


                 
(birmingham heartlands hospital)             







burge, sherwood 


                 
(oasys)             







catton, celia 


                 
(oasys)             







drought, vicki 


                 
(oasys)             







evans, angela 


                 
(artp)             







gannon, paul 


                 
(dupont)             







hendy, mike 


                 
(oasys)             







huntley, chris 


                 
(university hospitals birmingham)             







jackson, john 


                 
(jackson hocking limited, uk)             







manney, sarah 


                 
(birmingham heartlands hospital)             







mccoach (now croft), jennifer 


                 
(oasys)             







mcgrath, emmet 


                 
(oasys)             







miedinger, david 


                 
(lucern, basel and montreal)             







moore, vicky 


                 
(oasys)             







newton, darren 


                 
(oasys)             







pantin, charles 


                 
(keele, uk)             







parkes, edward 


                 
(birmingham heartlands hospital)             







robertson, alastair 


                 
(selly oak hospital)             







vellore, arun dev 


                 
(oasys)             







walters, gareth 


                 
(heartlands)             







weir, david 


                 
(north manchester hospital)             


 collaborators








reynolds, carl 


                 
(royal brompton hospital)             







feary, jo 


                 
(royal brompton hospital)             







szram, joanna 


                 
(royal brompton hospital)             







carder, melanie 


                 
(coeh manchester)             







fishwick, david 


                 
(royal hallamshire hospital, sheffield, uk)             







baur, xaver 


                 
(institute of occupational medicine, hamburg)             







newman taylor, tony 


                 
(royal brompton hospital, london)             







antó, josep 


                 
(barcelona, catalonia, spain)             







morell, ferran 


                 
(vall d'hebron hospital, barcelona)             







pickering, tony 


                 
(wythenshawe hospital, manchester, uk)             


view all


 known authors








van tongeren, martie 


                 
(manchester university)             







raulf-heimsoth, monika 


                 
(bochum)             







bernstein, david 


                 
(cincinatti)             







swanson, mark 


                 
()             







burney, peter 


                 
(kings college, london)             







prezant, david 


                 
(albert einstein college, new york)             







dumas, orianne 


                 
(villejuif, france)             







preisser, alexandra 


                 
(hamburg)             







merget, rolf 


                 
(bochum)             







cherry, nicola 


                 
(university of alberta, edmonton, canada)             


view all










back to top
oasys home





download oasys (free)
                                - 
        using oasys
                                -       
                                error on page?
                                -
        contact oasys
                                - 
        oasys privacy statement









