

 




home - nela































































































 


 


 

 












 skip to primary navigation skip to main content skip to footer
x










nela exchange
cart
contact us
join nela


nelaempowering workers' rights attorneyshome
membership

2024 impact report
membership benefits & dues

join nela
renew my membership
update my information


committees, practice & interest groups
ethics & sanctions assistance
affiliate discussion list archives
support nela


programs & events

annual convention
trial boot camp
spring seminar
pregnant and nursing workers protections
upcoming events
online cle


advocacy

amicus curiae
ending forced arbitration in the workplace
eliminating damage caps on employment discrimination claims
fair and independent judiciary
statements, letters & testimony
legislative & public policy program


about us

2024 impact report
nela board
affiliates
diversity, equity, inclusion & accessibility
governance
staff
join our team
the institute
support nela


press & media
 







we empower workers’ rights attorneys and help level the playing field for workers.
who we are












stay up to date each month on nela’s efforts to advance workers’ rights in washington, dc. subscribe to on the hill. 





email


  














find a lawyer



find a lawyer
if you believe that you have been treated illegally by your employer, our find a lawyer directory can help you locate a nela member in your area.


learn more

get involved



get involved
nela provides plaintiffs' employment lawyers with professional development opportunities through networking, educational programs, and more.


learn more

fighting for workers



fighting for workers
nela is at the forefront of efforts to advance equality and justice in the american workplace through federal legislation and public policy.


learn more


who we are
nela’s mission is to empower workers’ rights attorneys through legal training, promoting a fair judiciary, and advocating for laws and policies that level the playing field for workers.





our vision
we aspire to a future in which all workers are treated with dignity and respect; workplaces are equitable, diverse, and inclusive; and the well-being of workers is a priority in business practices.





events
join us at our annual convention & bi-annual seminars




wage and hour update



wage and hour update
march 28–29, 2025
st. louis, mo


learn more

nela annual convention



nela annual convention
june 25–28, 2025
baltimore, md


learn more

trial boot camp



trial boot camp
october 17–19, 2024
austin, tx


learn more


support our work
your contribution will make us an even more powerful force in advancing workers’ rights.


donate now


latest news












eeoc policy shifts threaten workplace discrimination safeguardsthe national employment lawyers association (nela) is deeply concerned about recent developments that cast doubt on the equal employment opportunity commission’s (eeoc) ability to fulfill its mission to prevent and remedy unlawful employment discrimination. any weakening of the eeoc’s enforcement of sex discrimination based on sexual orientation or gender identity undermines progress made towards a just workplace rooted in the principles of diversity, equity, inclusion, and accessibility, and leaves one of our nation’s most vulnerable populations at even greater risk of marginalization. the recent changes by the eeoc, which include halting the processing of claims that allege discrimination based on […]





chicago attorney m. nieves bolaños elected president of the national employment lawyers associationnational employment lawyers association applauds the equal remedies act of 2024

more news



follow us





tweets by nela_hq 





national employment lawyers association



footer 


 nela headquarters
1800 sutter street, suite 210
concord, ca 94520
(415) 296-7629


 washington dc office
c/o afl-cio 815 black lives matter plaza nw
washington dc, 20006


 email: nelahq@nelahq.org
fax: (866) 593-7521
© 2000–2025 nela. all rights reserved


design: denson design  | development: duke media services
 



 bernard alexander, iii prosecutes demanding private and public sector employment cases. he has tried over sixty cases to verdict with seven- and eight-figure judgments for claims of discrimination, harassment, and retaliation based on gender, race, age, sex, sexual orientation, and disability, among other things. over the last 9 months his verdicts include: (1) $3 million for a security guard terminated for “job abandonment” after he took emergency leave from work to care for his school age daughter (february 2018); (2) $5.3 million for a 25-year fedex employee fired after not having his disability accommodated (march 2019); (3) $1.3 million for cfra retaliation, for a 29-year employee terminated before his return from leave (april 2019); and $100,000 in a title ix retaliation case where a girls’ soccer coach complained of unequal treatment compared to boys sports (sept 2019). board member of the national employment lawyers association; past chair of the california employment law association; 2016 cela joe posner award recipient; 2019 top 100 attorneys in california; top 75 california labor and employment lawyer (2012 to present); top 100 southern california super lawyers (2015 to present); american board of trial advocates (abota): associate 2013.


			×			












































































