






deafblind international dbi – deafblind international dbi is the point of connection in deafblindness worldwide







































































 



skip to content



 





home
about us

what is new
the board
policies & statements
reports
history


resources

dbi review
conferences
awards
webinars
encyclopedia of deafblindness
who can help


networks
get involved

become a member
become an ambassador
stories to share
web-shop
donate now
yarn bombing 2024
global education campaign

making a difference together: our donors


past focus themes
stories around the world


contact us
 



 







home 

who we are   help dbi
deafblind international dbi is the point of connection in deafblindness worldwide. we connect to maximize positive impact for and with all those concerned and involved.
as an international not-for-profit membership organization we have a constitution, members from around the globe, 17 thematically or geographically focused networks and are managed by a volunteer board. “connect to act” and join us as an individual member!
join us as an individual member 
in focus
researchresearch is a foundation for many initiatives, campaigns and actions in the deafblind community. at the same time, there is often a gap in understanding what researchers do and why in the shared knowledge.learn more




every child has the right to education!
however, children with deafblindness and similar needs are often left behind.
our 4-year campaign “let me in” therefore calls for the immediate respect of their right to education worldwide.
the campaign thrives on close international cooperation, notably with the world federation of the deafblind wfdb.



what is new
university of melbourne co-designs housing roadmap with participants and partnersfebruary 4, 2025the university of melbourne, in collaboration with deafblind australia and charge syndrome australasia, is co-designing a housing roadmap for ndis participants with multiple and complex support needs.read morenews from the co-chairs deafblind international. technology network, mijkje worm, eric van heuvelen, and carolina cohoonfebruary 3, 2025we’re excited to share a glimpse into the fascinating world of artificial intelligence (ai) and its potential impact on the deafblind community! we are thrilled to announce a new initiative exploring the possibilities and challenges of ai.read moremeet us on bluesky for a blue sky!january 31, 2025at dbi, our commitment to diversity, equity, and inclusion – especially within the context of deafblindness – is at the heart of everything we do.read more 
















facebook
instagram
youtube
linkedin
bluesky 

privacy and cookie policy
© copyright 2025 deafblind international (dbi).  all rights reserved. 





















































