


name art by rainbow art name painting for unique gift ideas

























































 






















customer testimonials



key west florida keys vacation rentals

useful link 







 
 
                 
 
                   








































   
            









 
 

 





 “your name is who you are and your identity. 

                          your name will look as beautiful as our rainbow picture name art and you will absolutely love it.



 - kazi


                          
                  you'll love us for our unique gift ideas rainbow art tropical name paintings.

                          
                  if you don't get a very big hug, kiss or even a smile of joy from the name painting gift recipient - simply return it for your full money back, no questions asked.
                          
                  ** guaranteed **

                          
                  you'll be glad that you considered rainbow art for your special unique gift ideas.

                          
                  tropical name paintings have been the tourists #1 gift  choice in key west, florida, hawaii, victoria, bc and san francisco for  baby showers, newborn baby names, birthday gifts, wedding anniversary gifts, christmas gifts, corporate gifts, valentine's day gift ideas or for decorating kids rooms for many years.
                      





 

 can you see a name?  if not, take a step back.  see?  it spells ‘welcome’. 
                now, look at the bottom samples. (scroll down)
                can you see that they spell “alex”, “ashley”  and “brooke”?.

would you like to paint your name or learn to draw like us? then  click the rainbowbrush® on left. 


give us your name, and we'll make it vibrant and beautiful
                    to express who you are on the inside and out.  
                    we’ll print the letters using rainbow picture, hawaiian flowers,   
                    fish, birds, animals, exotic birds and dolphins. 


personalized name art for every unique gift ideas


              name paintings are personalized gifts and are fun to give and receive for baby showers gifts, newborn baby names, birthday gifts, wedding anniversary gifts, christmas, corporate gifts, valentine's day gifts or for decorating kids rooms. our rainbow pictures, animals, and magnificent hawaiian flowers will create a unique gift that you and your loved ones will admire and cherish for a lifetime. 


win a free name painting and send a free e-card!

            win free baby name art for your newborn baby! you can even send personalized free e-cards to your family and friends to brighten up their day. 

            we are giving away free baby gifts every month in our baby name art contest . so parents, participate and win a rainbow picture name art. if you are not parents but would like to win a rainbow art, just enter your e-mail address in our e-mail subscription box.

chinese calligraphy
 find out more about this four thousand year old ancient chinese calligraphy art form. the ingenious calligraphers called it ‘leather brush art’. we have invented the rainbowbrush® marker so you can create keepsakes out of beautiful rainbow art name painting for your children or yourself.

			we have been selling our art work for the last 12 years to parents, teachers and tourists. you may have seen us painting in hawaii, key west, florida and victoria, bc. people have been so impressed with our name art work that we’ve been receiving repeat orders from many countries. 


parents power for the arts
 artsy kids watch less tv; do better in school. rainbowbrush® is a joint educational program with parents, teachers and children. we are committed to the power of artistic imagination... because the arts help children to reach their full potential. 
            rainbowbrush® donates 5% of sales towards ‘children with learning disabilities’. 

            hope you will find our site educational, creative and fun and find out more about our magical rainbow brush. enjoy and welcome!
           	  





please click here to visit our new website for rainbowbrush(r) markers and books. now you can paint your or your's friends name like professional artist.







 



























copyright© 2000-2015, namepaintings.com. all rights reserved. questions and comments please e-mail shopkeeper@rainbowbrush.com.
	
	for help/support call 1-305-433-3458.
	legal notice
	   disclaimer
	   terms and conditions
	   privacy
 


