     new and cpo kia vehicles | kia dealer easton pa | brown-daub kia                                     




















                                        today: 9:00am - 5:00pm               brown-daub kia        sales 484-545-0130    service 484-545-0140  parts 484-545-0048       3600 william penn hwy, easton, pa 18045  today: 9:00am - 5:00pm                                                   brown-daub kia             call 484-545-0130   directions                 home   new   new   search new kia inventory   schedule a test drive   value your trade   2025 kia k4   find my kia   video showcase page     pre-owned   pre-owned   search used inventory   certified pre-owned kia   schedule test drive   find my car   value your trade   carfax 1 owner   why buy certified     ev/hybrid   ev/hybrid   ev/hybrid inventory   2024 kia ev9     specials   new specials   used specials   manufacturer incentives   parts & service specials   referral bonus program     service & parts   schedule an appointment   service department   order parts   maintenance schedule   kia warranty   kia express service   vehicle recall request   genuine kia parts   kia accessories   kia tire center   brake repair near me     need financing?   finance department   get pre-approved   get pre-qualified with capital one (no impact to your credit score   value your trade   quick quote   payment calculator   text my trade value     research   vehicle exchange program   kia reviews    kia car comparisons   virtual showroom   model research   j.d. power #1 mass market brand     about us   contact us   our dealership   why buy here?   brown-daub advantage   hours & directions   meet our staff   careers   our reviews   our blog   electric vehicles for sale   used car dealer near me   privacy policy                     home   new   new   search new kia inventory   schedule a test drive   value your trade   2025 kia k4   find my kia   video showcase page     pre-owned   pre-owned   search used inventory   certified pre-owned kia   schedule test drive   find my car   value your trade   carfax 1 owner   why buy certified     ev/hybrid   ev/hybrid   ev/hybrid inventory   2024 kia ev9     specials   new specials   used specials   manufacturer incentives   parts & service specials   referral bonus program     service & parts   schedule an appointment   service department   order parts   maintenance schedule   kia warranty   kia express service   vehicle recall request   genuine kia parts   kia accessories   kia tire center   brake repair near me     need financing?   finance department   get pre-approved   get pre-qualified with capital one (no impact to your credit score   value your trade   quick quote   payment calculator   text my trade value     research   vehicle exchange program   kia reviews    kia car comparisons   virtual showroom   model research   j.d. power #1 mass market brand     about us   contact us   our dealership   why buy here?   brown-daub advantage   hours & directions   meet our staff   careers   our reviews   our blog   electric vehicles for sale   used car dealer near me   privacy policy              




lifetime engine warranty on all new cars only at brown-daub kia





  








                                                                                                                           










     shop by vehicle   vehicles available        vehicle      keyword      budget              type  all new pre-owned certified    make  any make    model  any model       reset search   search reset         search        buy   finance   lease             minimum price    maximum price   minimum value cannot be greater than maximum.            minimum monthly payment    maximum monthly payment   minimum value cannot be greater than maximum.            minimum monthly payment    maximum monthly payment   minimum value cannot be greater than maximum.       search   reset         












schedule service
schedule now











new inventory
shop now











pre-owned inventory
shop now





     search new inventory     search used inventory            choose from our inventory    sedan  |  suv / cuv / mpv  |  hybrid / electric             k4      k5           soul      seltos      sportage      sorento      carnival mpv      carnival mpv hybrid      telluride          niro      ev6      ev9      niro ev      niro plug-in hybrid      sorento hybrid      sportage hybrid      sportage plug-in hybrid      carnival mpv hybrid         



     


            


quality service

kia service center in easton, pa
brown-daub kia in the easton area offers a large inventory of new vehicles, and an expansive selection of used and pre-owned vehicles as well as the services needed to large inventory of new vehicles. our service center technicians are certified with expertise in the kia brand. our service department offers the parts and accessories your kia needs to stay safe on the road for many more years to come.
schedule service



       



kia incentives

check out our manufacturer incentives and service & parts specials. we're making it easier to buy a new kia.
view inventory






military offers

special offers for active members of the united states armed forces, reserves and the immediate family of participant.
view inventory



     

kia financing - easton, pa
visit our brown-daub kia's finance page to get pre-approved today! we also offer competitive auto leasing options for our customers who are not looking to purchase or finance a vehicle. whether you are looking to finance or lease your new kia car, truck, or suv, our finance experts will work to arrange affordable payments for our customers.
get pre-approved



brown-daub kia
welcome to the brown-daub kia website, a fast and convenient way to research and find a vehicle that is right for you. whether you are looking for a new or used kia car, truck, or suv you will find it at our kia dealership in easton, pa. the staff within our finance department is dedicated to putting you in the car you want, at a price you can afford.
more about us








     








sales

service







    sales    day open closed      monday 9:00am 7:00pm    tuesday 9:00am 7:00pm    wednesday 9:00am 7:00pm    thursday 9:00am 7:00pm    friday 9:00am 6:00pm     saturday 9:00am 5:00pm    sunday closed closed  monday to thursday after 6pm by appointment only  


    service    day open closed      monday 7:00am 5:00pm    tuesday 7:00am 5:00pm    wednesday 7:00am 5:00pm    thursday 7:00am 5:00pm    friday 7:00am 5:00pm     saturday 7:00am 3:00pm    sunday closed closed  all appointments after 3pm mon-fri are express oil changes only  






     



 





follow us on social media




                            











kia dealership in easton, pa





your kia dealer near easton · allentown · quakertown · pa






it’s true what they say: kia cars can be a little offbeat. but they have the power to surprise with dynamic and exciting experiences! what lies beyond the bold proportions and that sharp tiger nose grille of a new kia? visit our kia dealership in easton, pa and discover a brand always in forward motion.
we also offer certified pre-owned kia vehicles for sale, plus we have experts to help you conquer every leg of your automotive journey. from leasing and finance to service and parts, let our family take care of you!




a driving revolution: new kia cars for sale - easton, pa

the latest models are rolling out onto the showroom floor at our kia dealership. shop for your next new set of wheels and fall in love with driving again! imagine the allure of those signature heartbeat daytime running lights as you cruise the neighborhood in a suave and sporty kia k5. other offerings include:

kia forte. a compact sedan with sporty performance available.
kia seltos. a confidence-inspiring crossover that can do more.
kia sportage. more sport utility in a compact space.

that’s just a taste of what our easton, pa kia dealership offers. we have: sedans for commuters; crossovers and suvs for drivers who lead active lifestyles; and even hybrid and electric kia models for our most eco-conscious shoppers. you can reach out to a member of our sales team to learn more about your favorite models.
from uvo link infotainment to kia drive wise driver assistance, our models are always equipped with the latest in tech. see what makes them unique when you shop with us! 


certified pre-owned cars for sale - easton, pa

shop for better value on your next set of wheels in our inventory of used and kia certified pre-owned (cpo) vehicles! no matter what kind of model you’re searching for, our vast and varied used inventory has something for you. it includes not just kia cars, but also models from other automotive brands!
to balance out the benefits of buying new or used, shop our selection of kia cpo cars. all the models in this inventory include more peace of mind with a kia certified pre-owned 10-year/100,000-mile limited powertrain warranty. your advantages don’t end there, as kia cpo also offers:

24-hour roadside assistance
carfax vehicle history report™
164-point inspection




kia finance center - easton, pa
nothing makes us happier than seeing customers drive away with payment plans they feel good about. a customer satisfied with their kia financing is one we can count on for return business down the road.
yes, we build relationships for the long term. the folks at our finance center will meet with you one on one to learn what you need in a payment plan. then, our kia dealership here in easton, pa will work hard to help you score the low rates and payments you deserve.
feel free to apply for credit approval online before you visit in person. a little background information goes a long way and can help us set the wheels in motion!


kia lease deals, offers, & specials - easton, pa
if you want to lease a new kia, our team will be here to support you every step of the way! work with a leasing specialist at our finance center to explore every opportunity available to you.
we’ll help you set the terms of your plan, from mileage to monthly payments. if, at the end of your lease, you can’t bear to part with your kia, feel free to buy it out at the remainder of its pre-determined value! consider your lease an extended test drive, during which you can really get to know your new kia.
the wonderful world of leasing offers so many unique perks. stay at the forefront of new features, tech, and style, with the opportunity to upgrade every two to three years! plus, with warranty coverage, you can put unexpected repair costs in the rearview mirror. so, check out our kia lease deals today!


experienced kia service center - easton, pa
kia cars are made to go the distance, but even they will need scheduled maintenance to perform at their best. our certified kia service center has the modern facilities and cutting-edge tools your repairs require.
we do oil changes and tire rotations, not to mention engine and transmission repair. need that check engine light diagnosed? we can pinpoint the problem with complete precision. in fact, we’re all about precise work here. that’s why our certified technicians specialize in kia repair.
every kia that comes through our shop will receive quality care. we use manufacturer-approved fluids and oem (original equipment manufacturer) parts to keep your kia at the top of its game!







visit our car dealership in easton, pa today!
are you ready to see the brown-daub kia advantage in action? when you’re ready to shop near easton, allentown, or quakertown, pennsylvania, let us lend a hand and make your experience as convenient as possible. feel free to start your adventure on our website or in person at our showroom.
shopping for kia vehicles should be fun—and it can be exactly that here at our dealer. whether you want a new ride, or need parts and service for your current one, reach out to us today. our kia dealership in easton, pa looks forward to working with you! 


    warranties include 10-year/100,000-mile powertrain and 5-year/60,000-mile basic. all warranties and roadside assistance are limited. see retailer for warranty details.             copyright © 2025 by dealeron | sitemap | privacy  | do not sell or share my personal information  | consent preferences | brown-daub kia | 3600 william penn hwy, easton, pa 18045 | sales: 484-545-0130 | www.kia.com            


















484-545-0130 484-545-0140



  











                     