
















fractional ownership









































































fractional ownership



premium property ownership at a fraction of the cost

























































































monday, august 15, 2011








frontenac shores







eastern ontario's first fractional ownership developmenttrue detached cottages - true log - true waterfront - total quality!
premium lakefront property costs in ontario have skyrocketed in the last few decades. a growing number of consumers are discovering that fractional ownership is a way for you and your family to enjoy the benefits of a lakeshore cottage, literally at a fraction of the cost of a conventional cottage. the flexibility is endless. traditionally a single family purchased a lakefront cottage and it became the destination of friends and family to share in the enjoyment - for a couple weeks a year or a few weekend throughout the spring and fall. fractional ownership gives year round enjoyment, options for single or multiple shares within a single cottage or across several cottages, eliminating the crowding issues of a single cottage for large families or large circle of friends. no more work at the cottage for the owner - just fun and enjoyment and the creation of fond memories.

as an owner, you can:loan your cottage to friends and family as long as you notify your property management in advance. you are, of course, responsible to ensure your guests are good neighbours and abide by the rules outlined.

rent your cottage to whomever you please, if you’re unable to use it. if you rent the unit yourself you keep all the funds; however, you are responsible for the renter.
exchange weeks with other owners.
travel the world by doing an “external” exchange of one or more of you weeks through interval international, one of the largest vacation exchange organizations in the world. interval international represents over 2000 resorts, villas, condos and beach homes in 75 countries.
sit back & relax.your waterfront cottage at frontenac shores is set amidst one of the most breathtaking landscapes in ontario. and with a full range of exceptional on-site amenities, you will be able to truly experience and appreciate the natural beauty that surrounds you:over 2,000 feet of exquisite private shoreline
three sandy beaches: one pet-friendly and two pet-free.
private boat launch.
boat slip for private or rental boats, canoes or paddleboats.
private waterfront parkland, trails and roads.
exclusive recreation centre planned for phase 3 of the development with indoor pool; exercise room; billiards; shuffleboard; games tables; lounge area with wet bar; meeting room; and an observation area with a telescope for star gazing.
exceptional fishing, ice fishing and skating– at your door and around the area.
contact us / request for informationif you'd like to book a private showing or learn more about frontenac shores,call us at 1-866-240-5194.postal address:frontenac shores1016 twin pine lane, r.r. #2cloyne on k0h 1k0by phone: 613-336-8686 (ottawa area) / 1-866-240-5194 (long distance)email: info@frontenacshores.comgps address: 1016 twin pine lane, north frontenac, on k0h 1k0 





posted by



wireton.com




at

3:16 pm



no comments:
  









email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest




















home




subscribe to:
posts (atom)















visit our lineup of blogs….. growing daily

wack weather your local gardenercanadian snow birds21st century farmingsatellite my world 














about us




wireton.com



view my complete profile



how many weeks per year do you take vacation




































cbc | top stories news


loading...









recommend our content to friends

















subscribe to fractional ownership







posts










                  atom
                










posts












all comments










                  atom
                










all comments


















picture window theme. theme images by epicurean. powered by blogger.
























