










summit ministries | grow in your faith. get the confidence to live it out.










































































 











skip to content













toggle navigation




faith for life






students

student conferences
summit online
summit gap year
graduate support
internships
alumni conference


educators

christian school
homeschool
summitu
center for biblical worldview formation


church

mission 2:20
powered by summit


resources

articles
summit podcasts
summit videos
books
summit talks
summit basecamp


about

leadership
statement of faith
press


store
give
give monthly



 
				



 

















 






learn more










give today

















 








summit student conferences 



give them an unshakable faith this summer
in georgia and colorado
give your kids a stronger foundation to embrace a biblical worldview and learn to navigate complex topics, such as abortion, doubts, evolution, gender identity, god’s existence, homosexuality, marriage and family, pornography, reliability of scripture, and much more. 






learn more










register















should christians avoid politics? 



debunking four myths that keep christians sidelined 




 




begin to rethink your role in a culture of partisan divides as dr. jeff myers exposes four lies that silence christians, keeping them sidelined in politics.get a fresh perspective that encourages critical thinking and engagement. whether you’re outspoken or reserved, dr. jeff has an encouragement for you. join us as we embrace a biblically informed approach to life and society. 






learn more












 













should christians support israel? 



how are we to understand the battle of worldviews playing out over israel and the palestinian people? 






find out more







get the newest book by dr. jeff myers 







 











bible curriculum for a faith that lasts 




 




summit offers bible curriculum for christian schools, homeschool families, and churches to help students integrate the bible into all areas of their hearts and minds! 






explore curriculum















truth changes everything is available now! 











 







renowned worldview and apologetics expert, dr. jeff myers, vividly illustrates how ordinary people who believed in truth–not the relative “truths” of our current postmodern and pluralistic culture–transformed society in times of crisis, and how you can do the same today. 






order today















partner with us 











only 1 out of 100 young people today have a biblical worldview. your investment in the rising generation through summit has a 62-year proven track record in showing students how to know and live a biblical worldview. 






equip students with a gift today











									if you would like to donate stock, assets, or need more information about wills and trusts then click the gift planning button								






gift planning















testimonials 



 











 



lysa terkeurst  



president of proverbs 31 ministries 



“summit ministries is doing vitally important work to prepare young people with the truth from god’s word and equip them with a biblical worldview. as students go to college and beyond i can’t imagine a more important investment for parents to make in their child.” 







 



dr. james dobson 



family talk 



“i consider summit ministries to be one of the very best resources available, and i don’t say that lightly.”  







 



dr. juli slattery 



president and co-founder of authentic intimacy 



“no matter how much you’ve prayed, talked to your kids and tried to prepare them to stand in christ, it never feels like it’s enough. while my job as a parent is paramount, i also recognize that my sons need to be encouraged and taught by others… i’m so thankful for the work summit is doing to challenge and equip young minds!”  











study worldview issues



apologetics
culture
economics
new age (new spirituality)
pro-life/abortion
homosexuality
religious liberty
islam
same-sex marriage
politics & government
origins
sexuality & gender
secular humanism

 







explore free resources



articles
essays
the summit journal
podcast
videos
worldview chart
worldview dictionary

 










navigation programs
books & media
curriculum
resources
give
store
 

connect summit graduate support
subscribe to summit emails
give

 

contact contact us
(719) 685-9103
address
summit ministries
941 osage ave
manitou springs, co 80829
tid: 730792333
 

about summit about
press room
jobs & internships
terms of service
privacy policy
return policy
copyright information

 


copyright 2024. summit ministries. all rights reserved.---

































 



