









christian juggler: nathan dorrell aka crazy tie guy & family - the crazy tie guy and dazzlin' dorrell family














































family tree










skip to content







search for:



 








 





























christian juggler: nathan dorrell aka crazy tie guy & family 


juggling for churches, concerts, conferences, camps, christian events, missions and ministries.  nathan is a minister, winner of international juggling competitions, evangelist and world record holder for jesus!  you might want to have nathan and family come for kid’s church, family nights, award nights, special worship services, children’s events, festivals, camp, revival or a kids crusade…nathan is ready for your church/ministry event to make it amazing and to see god work where you are!  nathan has been trusted by hundreds of churches to join them in helping their team of ministers to reach families and communities for jesus.  churches large and small enjoy seeing a family working together to bring the fun and the good news!  god uses nathan and family to leave people truly in awe of jesus!
juggling shows for:   church ministry   sports outreach   vbs/camp   other



a quote from a recent event in 2024:
“nathan dorrell and family greatly blessed our church.  they seized our congregation’s attention from start to finish.  better yet, they clearly and compellingly shared the gospel of jesus christ.  not only are they wildly talented, but nathan is a great communicator.  i would recommend ‘the crazy tie guy’ to any venue. ” 
bro. josh moran
pastor, fbc flintville, tn             see more quotes from others



                             crazytieguy@gmail.com 
                      931-563-2330 text, call or email 















family worship
vbs/camp
ministries
upward ® & sports
book/connect
promo
more

iwitness
youth & middle school events
quotes/reviews
about
giant chinese yo-yo videos
personal witnessing tools
crazy tie guy store


 



search for:



archives

march 2021
may 2018

categories

uncategorized


meta

log in
entries feed
comments feed
wordpress.org












 


proudly powered by wordpress | theme: oblique by themeisle. 










