









fruitfull frozen fruit bars -















































 










home
 












home
flavors
about us
contact us
member login
 





select page


  
 



 



 














discover the comfort of your own private caringbridge site for friends and family on a health journey. click here. it's free.










healthy never tasted so good

fruitfull® frozen fruit bars are made with an exotic blend of fruit and high quality ingredients – a delicious real fruit refreshment for your health conscious lifestyle. one bite and you’ll feel transported to a tropical island!

















our mission






supporting happy & healthy lifestyles


we believe snack options should taste great without the added fat and calories. at happy & healthy products, our mission is to deliver just that – flavorful snacks that help you be happy & healthy®. 

learn more
















frozen fruit bars


explore our best sellers


fruitfull frozen fruit bars not only taste good, they’re good for you. loaded with chunks of fruit, fruitfull bars are a nutritious snack that you can trust. our dairy free offerings come in 10 fabulous flavors including strawberry, raspberry, pineapple, lime, watermelon, peachy orange, tropical splash, passionate cherry, mango and coconut!







for a creamy twist, treat yourself to our fruitfull fruit & dairy bars – luscious fruit combinations with the taste of real cream. they come in seven scrumptious flavors including banana cream, piña colada, strawberry cream, raspberry cream, mango cream, peaches ‘n’ cream, and our best seller — coconut cream.


when you need to indulge



get a taste of heaven with our delectable variety of frozen dessert bars. choose from popular cookies and cream and cinnamon horchata!















snacks


healthy snacks for on-the-go



be happy & healthy snacks are available in single-serve packages with a wide range of nuts, fruits and fun treats – wacky and wonderful, full of flavors.















fresh from the bakery…better than donuts


be happy & healthy snack breads are loaded with chunks of fresh fruit, healthy vegetables and gourmet nuts. made without artificial ingredients or preservatives, be happy & healthy snack breads capture a ‘just baked taste’ in an attractive and convenient, single-slice grab-and-go package.
these delicious breads are available in a broad range of flavors such as banana walnut, carrot, zucchini, cappuccino chocolate chip, and old fashioned pound cake.








become a fruitfull franchisee
we’re a top 50 food franchisor in the fast moving snack food industry~franchise business review~
our lower franchise fees makes us a “top low cost franchise”~entrepreneur magazine~
our products have been winning smiles for 30 years and mighty awards like “best snack of the americas”~americas food & beverage show~
find your freedom
unlike other franchises, we want you to roam.

full or part time – you choose! you can change!
no storefront and no retail hours
no construction and no leases
no hiring headaches and no employees

territories are available throughout the u.s. you’ll feel right at home with our 30-year “family-feel”.

contact us







your own business



hear our franchisee family








follow us

followfollowfollow



 








happy & healthy products is a u.s.-based producer of individually wrapped grab-and-go snacks and frozen novelties.
quick links
homeabout uscontact usprivacy policy

copyright © 2024 happy & healthy products, inc.®
 



opt-out preferences
 






facebook




x




instagram


 








manage cookie consent






to provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique ids on this site. not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions.





functional



functional

								always active							






the technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.





preferences


preferences







the technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.





statistics


statistics







the technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.
the technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your internet service provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.





marketing


marketing







the technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.





manage options
manage services
manage {vendor_count} vendors
read more about these purposes



accept
deny
view preferences
save preferences
view preferences


{title}
{title}
{title}



manage consent
 














