




the battle of port hudson








         the battle of port hudson








contents:






port hudson 
          map




photos & maps




confederate commanders



union commanders




fort 
          desperate



confederate 
          units at port hudson



union army units 
          at port hudson



union naval 
          forces



search confederate 
          soldiers  database



union soldiers at port hudson




col. steedman's report to hq



col. miles' report to hq



col. shelby's report



arkansas units at port hudson




          15th ark. regt.



15th ark. 
          soldiers buried at camp butler 



escape of capt. joe and lt. dock daniel



capt. deforest's 
          personal account



capt. stratton's 
          personal account



regimental histories



biographical sketch of admiral david farragut


port hudson state historic site



links



references



search the site








 




 
       



introduction

the purpose of these pages is to provide 
an insight into this important civil war battle, with the intent of including as 
many original documents, photos, maps, letters, and personal reports as can be 
located.  anyone having comments, suggestions, or new information or 
materials relevant to the port hudson battle who is willing to share them, please contact 
me.
of 
particular interest here is the story of fort desperate, 
a position on the confederate lines defended primarily by the officers and men 
of the fifteenth arkansas infantry regiment (johnson's).  my 
great-grandfather, john r. hardy, served there with the fifteenth and was wounded in 
the battle.

prelude to the battle
control of the mississippi river was of vital importance to both sides 
      during the civil war.  for the confederacy it was the link to 
      commerce with europe and the rest of the world via the port of new 
      orleans, essential to the industry-poor south.  the mississippi and 
      the network of connecting rivers was also the main means for 
      transportation of supplies for their western cities and armies.  the 
      federal strategists realized immediately that to crush the confederacy, 
      they had to control the mississippi.
new orleans fell to the federals on 
      april 28, 1862, giving them control of the mouth of the mississippi river.  
      memphis was taken on june 6, 1862, handing the union control of the 
northern mississippi south to vicksburg.  marching north from new orleans, the union forces occupied baton rouge on may 29.  it 
      was very important for the confederacy to retain control of the river 
      above and below the mouth of the red river, which flowed into the 
      mississippi just north of baton rouge.  the red river was a vital 
      conduit for supply from western louisiana, arkansas, texas and the other 
      western regions into the eastern confederacy, and also for troops and 
supplies moving westward.  vicksburg guarded the 
      river above the red river mouth.
in august, 1862, the confederates under 
      general john breckinridge launched a 
      campaign to regain control of louisiana by attempting to retake baton 
      rouge.  this failed, and breckinridge, seeking another river 
      stronghold, moved his troops 30 miles north to port hudson, where they 
      immediately set about constructing a river fortress.

building the fortress
port hudson was a excellent natural location for building a fortress.  
      the east bank of the river rose steeply in  bluffs eighty feet high 
      (see picture).  in addition, the river bends sharply at the bluffs, 
      making the location even more of an obstacle for ships attempting to pass 
      upriver.  by the spring of 1863, the confederates, now commanded by 
      major general franklin gardner, had built massive parapets with twenty 
      siege guns mounted along the bluffs to command the river.  they had 
      also built a line of earthen parapets along a perimeter of approximately 4 1/2 miles 
      surrounding the town of port hudson, the ends of the line terminating at the river 
      banks.

running the gauntlet
at around 11:00 pm on the night of march 14, 1863, union 
      admiral david farragut attempted to run a fleet of seven ships by the port 
      hudson batteries.  if successful, his fleet could effectively block 
confederate river traffic supplying port hudson from the west via the red river.  in a spectacular three-hour battle between the ship's guns 
      and the confederate batteries, five of the seven federal ships were 
      disabled, with one, mississippi, running aground and being burned by the abandoning 
      crew.  the remaining two vessels, farragut's flagship, hartford, 
and one 
      gunboat, albatross, were damaged but made it through and continued north.  
although farragut's effort to run the fort is considered by many to be a failure, the 
two ships were able to effectively block the mouth of the red river, seriously 
disrupting the flow of supplies into port hudson.
a more detailed account of farragut's battle with the port 
hudson gunners can be read

here.
the battles


the first sizeable action at port hudson occurred on may 21 at plains store, a road intersection with a few buildings, located about four miles to the east. 
 federal cavalry and infantry units under command of major general nathaniel p. banks clashed with confederate cavalry and infantry, 
resulting in the confederates being driven back into 
the port hudson garrison, thus completing their encirclement.  banks would eventually have nearly 40,000 troops and numerous 
artillery batteries surrounding the garrison.  at the end of march, the confederate garrison had 
consisted of approximately 16,000 men, but due to the redeployment of several 
brigades elsewhere, the confederate strength was now at about 6,800.
a full-scale attack was launched by banks on may 27, which was repulsed after 
furious fighting all along the lines, at a heavy loss to the union.  this 
assault marked the first major use of black troops as combatants in the civil 
war.  on june 14, another massive attack all along the confederate lines 
was also beaten back, again with huge northern losses, against relatively few 
among the confederates.  the union loss in the two assaults was reported to 
be 496 killed, 2,945 wounded and 358 missing.  this last failure ended 
bank's plans for taking port hudson by frontal attack, and he decided on a siege 
to starve out the confederates.

the siege
the siege period was a 
progressively miserable period for the confederate soldiers inside the fortress.  
they had no source of outside supply, and food, ammunition, and other essentials 
were consumed rapidly.  as the siege went on, they ate the horses, mules, dogs, and even the 
rats to survive.  they  were subjected to constant bombardment by 
union artillery ringing the garrison, and from farragut's ships on the river.  
many were killed or wounded by sniper fire from union troops, who were 
approaching ever closer to their lines by digging trenches, or "saps".  
in spite of these hardships, 
they held out and kept the federals at bay.  with little chance of rescue 
by other confederate forces, their situation was ultimately hopeless.
the union troops also suffered greatly during the trench 
warfare of the siege.  most were unaccustomed to the summer heat of 
louisiana, and a large number of these men became ill and died, or were 
disabled.  over 4,000 union soldiers were hospitalized due to sunstroke or 
disease during the fight for port hudson.  they were also subjected to 
constant sniper fire from the confederate sharpshooters, which took a terrible 
toll.  morale was low among the troops.  many of bank's regiments were 
made up of men who enlisted for only nine months, but they were held over until 
port hudson surrendered, causing much dissention in those regiments.
this detailed map of the port hudson 
battlefield shows the disposition of the 
confederate and union forces during the siege, as well as other pertinent 
features.

general banks planned another all-out attack for july 11.  
on june 15 he had called for a thousand volunteers to form a storming party, known as the "forlorn hope", which would serve as the
spearhead for the coming assault.  
the approximately 1000 volunteers had been pulled from their regiments and formed into a unit, to train for their coming assault.  
union soldiers had dug tunnels under the confederate fortifications and planted 
large mines which were to be exploded at the beginning of the assault, giving 
the storming party an avenue to rush into the fortress.  but vicksburg, under 
siege since may 22nd,  fell on july 4th.   banks received the news on the 7th, 
and the confederates quickly were told by shouts from union soldiers.  but 
general gardner wanted to see proof.  when banks showed him the dispatches 
from vicksburg, he agreed to surrender.  the 48 day siege, the longest in 
american history, was over.  banks agreed to parole the confederate enlisted men, but 
sent the officers to prison.  of the prisoners, 5,593 were paroled and some 
500 sick and wounded were retained in the hospitals.  general gardner 
reported his casualties as 200 killed, between 300 and 400 wounded, and about 
200 died from sickness.  only about 2,500 men were fit for duty at the time 
of the surrender.
the battle was over and the mississippi river was 
in the hands of the union, and the confederacy was cut in half.
for a more detailed description of the land battle and 
siege, go here.
there are many stories of bitter fighting and 
uncommon bravery to come out of the port hudson siege, but none overshadow that 
of fort desperate and the men of 
the fifteenth arkansas infantry regiment who defended it.

visit the port hudson state historic site and tour the battlefield and museum.





 
            
search the site
find the information you are looking for using the new 
            google search engine customized for this site:

















  
search database of confederate soldiers at port hudson 
(contains approx. 9,550 names, with service records)

  
union soldiers at port hudson


  

fort desperate

  

port hudson photos and maps

  
 
confederate units at port hudson

  
 union army 
units at port hudson

  
 union naval 
forces at port hudson

  

confederate commanding officers

  

union commanding officers

  
colonel steedman's report to hq for may 22 to 27, 1863 
(action on the confederate left wing during this period)

  
colonel miles' reports to hq for may 21 to july 7, 1863 
(defence of the confederate extreme right positions)

  
colonel shelby's after-action report 
(defence of the confederate extreme left positions)

  

fifteenth arkansas regiment (johnson's)

  
 soldiers 
of the fifteenth arkansas regiment who died at camp butler, il
  

the escape of captain joe and lieutenant dock daniel 
(fascinating account of their escape from union captivity)
  
 a union 
officer's personal account of the siege 
(by captain john w. deforest, 12th connecticut)

  
 recollections of captain joel a. stratton 
(of 53rd massachusetts volunteers)
  
 colonel 
b. w. johnson's account of the conditions at johnson's island prison
  


regimental histories of units which served at port hudson (links to histories found on google books site)

  
arkansas units which served at port hudson 
  

a biographical sketch of admiral david farragut describing his naval career (complete book)
  

a detailed account of farragut's run at port hudson
  

port hudson state historic site
  
 a more 
detailed description of the port hudson battle and siege

   references





last revised:  


30 aug 2024





             | revisions



 
                       

            







