











home







































 







your browser does not support javascript!



 

classes>

search for classes cfu classes online cfu course catalog winter/spring 2025 archives of cfu course catalogs class supply lists registration & policies on-demand elearning cfu partner online courses

centers for learning>

special opportunities spanish & foreign languages computer training business, marketing, careers, & nonprofit administration finance & real estate creativity, writing, arts, music, & voice-over personal development & communication leisure, home, travel, & enrichment

certifications>

mediation training: online training for colorado mediators nonprofit administration and leadership training certification

teach with us>

current teachers prospective teachers

about>

about colorado free university teacher features blog cfu teacher profiles frequently asked questions message from cfu president facility rentals

theatercontact us 










 


home 


take a class! 
make 2025 all that it can be!enhance your work and your life with cfu classes.
see all the classes listed on the website and register online
enjoy the pdf flip book version of the catalog–it’s a great way to see all the classes and find what speaks to you. 

flip through the pdf course catalog.you can download and print it out, if you like.





denver adult education classes, workshops, & seminars
colorado free university offers a wide array of adult education classes in the denver metro area. our programs include spanish classes and lessons and other foreign language classes, compuskills computer training, as well as arts & crafts classes, writing classes, nonprofit administration classes, career and business classes and seminars, business marketing classes, social media classes, classes in personal growth and development, performing arts workshops, special events, spanish classes, computer classes, and much more.
we are always looking for new teacher and new topics. if you have an area of expertise or a passion you want to share, please consider offering a class.learn about teaching here.



search for classes here
how to register




explore our learning centers

special opportunities
colorado free university is always looking to find ways to meet the needs of the community for learning and enrichment.  we have over 150 ongoing classes that bring value to the community.  in addition, we program certain “special” classes.  these may be a one-time presentation or a course that takes place only occasionally.
some of these special classes are taught by presenters from outside colorado who make their offering available through cfu.  we also provide opportunities for people to delve more deeply into a particular area, offering certifications in digital marketing and nonprofit administration and management as well as basic mediation training.

learn more



spanish & other languages
the colorado free university spanish center offers a complete program of interactive spanish classes, two-week intensive programs, and opportunities for independent study or spanish classes at your location. classes are designed for adult learners who need to fit learning into their busy schedules. the spanish center provides a challenging but supportive environment in helping our students achieve their language goals.
we also offer other beginning language classes in french and italian,.

learn more



computer training
computer training at colorado free university is designed for people who want to upgrade their skills to find a new job or advance in their current position. we offer classes for very beginners to get comfortable using their computer and email. 
microsoft office applications help you get up to date in the software that is used most for professional purposes. classes can also help you give more effective and engaging presentations. adobe creative suite programs give you the knowledge and tools to design professional print or online content. 
we offer both online and in person classes to meet the needs of today. online courses are held in real-time sessions enabling interactive communication with our instructors. students are able to ask questions and to actively participate in their learning. we also offer on demand elearning courses that enable you to learn to use the many features of excel on your own time at your own pace.

learn more



business, marketing, careers, & nonprofit administration
it is the mission of colorado free university to support people to thrive in their professional endeavors. we offer a wide variety of classes to help small businesses take advantage of digital platforms, to market more effectively, and provide tools they need to face business challenges. 
cfu classes also support individuals who are looking to change their careers or find more satisfaction in their work. and our nonprofit classes give basic knowledge and strategies for people with a mission to find success.

learn more



finance & real estate
classes at colorado free university can help participants build wealth and ensure a stable financial future. learn to manage your money, find out about investing strategies, plan a secure retirement, or learn about wills and estates.
real estate classes enable you to navigate buying and selling a home as well as become an investor. many of our classes for home buyers and sellers are free, so be sure to check those out before you enter the market.

learn more



creativity, writing, & the arts
creativity flourishes at colorado free university. arts and crafts, woodworking, sewing, writing, performing arts, music, storytelling, and voice over—all kinds of classes to help you tap into and develop your creative capacities. 
many classes are designed for beginners or for those who want to dip their toe into a new medium. cfu classes are super user-friendly. no scary critiques or intimidating instructors, just the chance to expand your horizons and express yourself.

learn more



personal development & communication
you’ll find a wide menu of courses to support your growth as a person and to live a better life. classes give knowledge and strategies for improving communication and relationships, managing stress, navigating challenges, exploring spiritual and metaphysical topics, and charting new directions in your life. most classes are down-to-earth offering practical life skills, but you’ll find fascinating metaphysical fare as well.

learn more



leisure, home, travel, & enrichment
colorado free university is your resource for creating a lovely life! walking tours, cooking classes, home improvement, landscape design, hobbies, and more. get ideas for places and ways to travel, learn to play golf, explore coin collecting, and get out and about.

learn more


teacher features
brand new classes in the spring/summer course catalogapril 29, 2024spring into learning with cfu! leisure, home, travel and enrichment the art of travel photography since becoming a professional photographer… read more
(no title)october 13, 2023home seller master class maximize your value, minimize your stress this class, taught by an experienced realtor and a veteran… read more
embrace this spring and summer with colorado free university.april 24, 2023join us for fun and exploration with cfu’s newest classes ! self awareness through art with virginia ridgeway – virginia… read more


view more teacher features


 








 colorado free university
7653 e. 1st place
denver, co 80230
call: 303-399-0093

 



classes and centers for learningsearch all cfu classes
special opportunities
spanish & foreign languages
computer training
business, marketing & careers
finance & real estate
creativity, writing & the arts
personal development & communication
leisure, home, travel & enrichment
 



browse for all cfu classes browse, search, or register for our online listing of classes here!
having trouble? call us at 303-399-0093 x0

office hours monday through friday from 9:30-4:30pm.
we are closed saturdays and sundays.
we check voicemails/emails and return calls during office hours only.

 









                            © 2025 colorado free university                        
 | registration & policies
 


                        custom theme by crack-ajax web technologies
                        











 
