

















official website for e.h. jack sequeira













close 
home
bible study course
study materials
online videos
online audios
rules for interpreting scripture
tribute
about the sequeiras






jack sequeira ministries




bible study course
study materials
online videos
online audios
tribute
about the sequeiras




welcome

after his sudden death on 26 march 2022, a celebration for pastor jack sequeira’s life was 
held in may.  more than 200 friends were in attendance.  
to view his memorial service, go to 
a celebration of life [1:51].
a scholarship fund for theology students in kenya and uganda — as well as an ethiopian sda 
church-building project in portland, oregon — was developed.  in lieu of flowers, your 
tax-deductible donations are greatly appreciated.  please mail your gifts to the treasurer, 
gladstone park sda church, 8378 cason road, gladstone, oregon 97027, u.s.a.
  



a letter from the sequeira family
the website will continue, but jack sequeira ministries is closing down.
read letter





our purpose
the purpose of this not-for-profit ministry is to present the incredible good news of the 
gospel and the astonishing love of god as the basis of our salvation.  we provide 
materials for personal spiritual development which can also be shared with others.
our motto is “i am the vine, you are the branches.  
those who remain in me, 
and i in them, will produce much fruit. for apart from me you can do nothing.” 
john 15:5 asv.
you are welcome to distribute or copy any material on this site for 
witnessing purposes, providing that no changes are made to the content and the 
material is not sold for profit.




holiday sale
creative media ministries is offering a holiday sale good through 31 december 2023:  40% off all cmm material. 
cmm carries many of pastor jack’s books and dvd recordings, including re-publication this year of ephesians, galatians, the cross and the holy spirit, the sanctuary, and romans.
order here





for books by pastor sequeira
contact 1888 glad tidings publishers in berrien springs, michigan, u.s.a.  
telephone: 866.954.4523.  website: www.1888msc.org.
we want you to know how grateful we are for your past purchases!  
we shall continue to keep this website with all its resources available.
we shall continue to depend on your prayers and financial support to keep things 
going since we have no more inventory to sell ourselves, but will still have expenses.
thank you so much for your support!



[below leave this site]

african aids orphanage
indian widows project
	| christian education
international children’s care
adventist development and relief agency (adra)
maasai development project
creative media ministries
search for a bible text




jacksequeira.org

go to topâ    
    






