





st. george's of forest hill anglican church | kitchener, ontario canada – putting faith into action













































































home
about us

services
our clergy
parish council

parish council minutes


parish staff
st. george’s history


ministries

sermons
weekday services
sunday services
live streaming services
pastoral care
baptism
marriage
funerals + memorial gardens
music ministry


connect

newcomer
families
sunday school
youth group
messy church


working for others

outreach
38th kitchener scouts


news & events

weekly announcements
calendar
pastoral letters
video gallery
dragon flyer newsletter
hall for rent


contact us
 













put your faith 
into action 
put your faith into action today 
and let your actions be fuelled by your faith.




restoring hope
transforming lives and societies through education, prayer and support.










please note: wednesday morning services are suspended until further notice.bishop townsend announces the following appointment. the rev sharla malliff as interim priest-in-charge of st george's of forest hill effective dec 1.
we welcome her!





take me to church



st. george’s of forest hill anglican church is a dynamic, thriving, christ-based community, where individuals, regardless of who they are, are welcomed as part of a loving, caring parish family. we invite you to visit and give us a look!
sunday services september to june are at 8:15 and 10:00 am.
please join us on livestream on sunday at 10:00 am
senior and junior choirs to enhance our worship, book clubs, study groups , altar guild, family nights, small group ministries, and youth group …something for everyone!
stewardship: at st. george’s, we aim to engage and encourage parishioners to share their time, talent and treasure to support our evangelical activities and events.
social committee: to act as a conduit to promote activities that will foster a welcoming inclusive faith community for all parishioners and newcomers.


about the church





sunday livestream


please join us on livestream sunday at 10:00 am


join now 





weekday services


please note that weekday services have been suspended until further notice!


read more 





sunday services


from the beginning of september to the end of june the worship services are held on sundays at 8:15 a.m. and 10 a.m.  during the summer we hold one sunday worship service, at 9 a.m.


read more 








18
feb
7:30 pm



parish council










 

23
feb
9:00 am



vestry sunday
vestry sunday, 9:00am service followed by annual vestry meeting









 

28
feb
9:00 am



tim horton’s gift cards for the month of february
during the month of february we are collecting $5 tim’s cards to disperse to those who are street involved.











04
mar
5:00 pm



pancake supper






from gallery 


it's the best church me and my family went to and the people are very friendly. pastor stephen is amazing, friendly, funny and we all loved the magic tricks especially the kids. we highly recommend it. veronique g 

great local church. have always felt really welcome. it feels like a community of caring people. not too focused on the religious beliefs and more about being a good person and taking care of those around you. lots of awesome events! don't be shy! no matter what our when, you will be greeted by a smile. great summer camp. evan r. 

attended a wedding here. beautiful yet simple church. not very large but perfect in its size. minister was charismatic. bicky nguyễn 

beautiful church. such a kind minister and staff. they have always been so wonderful to my family and i. c kardash 

very cute smaller church with a small chapel as well. judy barber 

i enjoyed the service and the people are amazing. ellen hook 












 








		                	© 2024 st. george’s of forest hill anglican church | kitchener, ontario canada powered by finesse 



home
about us
contact us
 







































