













home | online ethics





































































      skip to main content
    






 




online ethics center
for engineering and science





navigation

get involved



site search


search
search





user account menu


log in







online ethics








homeabout oecabout oecwelcomehow to searchadvisory groupeditorial boardoec fellowshistory and fundingusing oec materialscontactresourcesresourcescollectionsresearch ethics resourcesethics projectscommunities of practiceget involvedget involvedsubmit contentopen access membershipbecome a partnerdonatemembersadvanced searchwebinar series














home








 
 


online ethics center survey


please take a moment to help the oec continue its mission of providing a repository for teaching and learning about ethics in engineering and science and fill out this quick survey.



 


the mysterious relationship of technology and ethics


this talk will try to understand how the processes for ethical decision making and technological development often move on different timescales.  this results in potential conflicts, bad conversations, and political chaos.  frameworks from stakeholder theory and ethics will be examined to suggest several ways out of the quagmire.  examples from businesses representing important technological change will be scrutinized.



 


  proceedings: promising practices in the responsible conduct of research


the responsible conduct of research (rcr) is foundational to good science and engineering.
read here





 
spotlight on : engineering ethics trailblazerswe invite you to read the journey of how ethics became an integral part of the engineering field.
 


 


 
spotlight on : scholars, educators, and administrators fostering research integritypresents: sam oakley - research culture & research integrity at the university of glasglow 
 


 


 
submit resources to the oecthe oec invites submissions of high-quality ethics education resources in the areas of engineering and science, including the social sciences, for review and inclusion in its collection. resources can be submitted via the oec resource submission form. see our resource submission page for more information.






events



 


march 7, 2025
 - march 7, 2025
11:00 am est
 - 12:00 pm est
zoom (11am est)arthur caplan - ethical issues on the frontier of organ replacement   

 


april 4, 2025
 - april 4, 2025
11:00 am edt
 - 12:00 pm edt
zoom (11am est)guido palazzo - the dark pattern: hidden dynamics of corporate scandals

events calendar






 


interested in finding more published articles, case studies, and additional teaching materials for integrating ethics in stem education?visit our sister site, the ethics education library.




 
 

meet our partners >>

 
 









submit content to the oec  donate





 


this material is based upon work supported by the national science foundation under award no. 2055332. any opinions, findings, and conclusions or recommendations expressed in this material are those of the author(s) and do not necessarily reflect the views of the national science foundation.














© 2025 by the rector and visitors of the university of virginia       oec terms of use
notice of non-discrimination and equal opportunity | report a barrier | privacy policy | onlineethics@virginia.edu





































































































