
















national structured settlements trade association












            skip to main content
          





















search








member log in





members



show — members
hide — members


nssta university









main navigation



show — main navigation
hide — main navigation


structured settlements


what are structured settlements?


what is the cssc and mssc?


public resources


frequently asked questions


glossary of terms




who we help


injured people


claims professionals


attorneys




membership


nssta membership


member dues


member search


membership application




public policy


federal tax policy


congressional structured settlements caucus




events


upcoming events - save the dates!


medicare/medicaid 1st qtr meeting


2025 nssta annual conference




about nssta


blog


women's caucus


board of directors


committee listings


who we are


code of ethics


strategic alliance members


settle smart podcast


deib vision statement


contact us
















structuredsettlements give you

peace of mind

with guaranteed long-term income, you never have to worry.






learn more



























our mission




we promote growth, establishment, and preservation of structured settlements in order to provide long-term financial security to personal injury claimants and their families through periodic payments.

























our vision




to be the secure, guaranteed financial product of choice for injured parties.
























our strategy






we will promote through public advocacy, legislative action and educational programs.
we will promote utilization of periodic payment arrangements generally as a tool for resolving claims.
we will seek innovative opportunities through public and private forums.
























who are we
get to know us


founded in 1985, the national structured settlements trade association (nssta)
        represents nearly 1,200 licensed consultants, attorneys, insurance companies, and other professionals who work
        with accident survivors and their dependents. our members are passionate about the work we do to help injured
        people. we strive for excellence and help our clients find the right solutions to meet their needs.


















partnerships
faces of our partners





ted kennedy jr.
connecticut state senator







"the
              disability community and nssta have stood together and will continue to work
              together. our partnership started as a means to raise awareness of disability
              issues and raise funds for the aapd. but our partnership today has been
              strengthened by our common goal of working to improve the lives of those with
              disabilities. nothing makes me prouder than our work together to represent the
              hopes and dreams of people with disabilities to live their lives with dignity
              and respect. nssta’s support and commitment for the american association of
              people with disabilities is greatly appreciated."






sally greenberg
ncl president







"all of
              us—structured settlement consultants, attorneys, judges, and consumer advocates
              and leaders in the disability rights community have a shared responsibility to
              help protect injured persons and people with disabilities from abusive and
              misleading financial practices."






suze orman
personal finance expert







"at your greatest time of need,
              not only if you're the one who has suffered and you're the one who is injured, and the one to be taken
              care of with your family, and if you think that when you are at the most emotional low and physical low of
              your life and if you think you have what it takes to handle that which can literally keep you going for
              the rest of your lives, i'm here to tell you that you do not. so let somebody help you. let us help you.
              let us protect you. and let us make sure that everything works financially speaking simply by doing that
              which would protect you, which is a structured settlement."






warren buffett
american business magnate, investor, and philanthropist







"anyone
              settling a personal injury claim should seriously consider a structured
              settlement as part of their plan for financial recovery. structured settlements
              can stretch settlement funds by providing tax-free payments for lost income,
              medical bills or other future needs, which delivers tremendous long-term
              security for injured people and their families. berkshire hathaway is proud to
              be a leading provider of structured settlement annuities."





















partnerships
our strategic partners










american association of people with disabilities






 through the efforts of aapd and nssta,
            persons who become disabled through accident or injury will gain financial security and peace of mind.
nssta aapd position paper









national consumers league




for the past 15 years, nssta and the national consumers league have established a strong and effective
            organizational outreach relationship.
ncl consumer education policy
          









american council of life insurers (acli)





pdf three
pdf two













american association of justice





                  information coming soon...
              









national disability institute




justice disability
          










national association of state treasurers




                  information coming soon...
              






















how we help
we are here for you



select a tab


injured people
          
claims professionals
          
attorneys
          




injured
            people
claims
            professionals
attorneys





            injured people
          

            whether you or a loved one have been injured in a car accident, injured on the job,
            harassed at work, or suffered from any one of many injuries—emotional or physical—we
            are here to help.
          





learn more



































            claims professionals
          

            structured settlements can help claims departments settle cases more quickly and
            without the time and expense of a trial.
          





learn more



















































            attorney
          

            structured settlement consultants can be a valuable part of your settlement team and
            can assist you throughout the settlement process.
          





learn more
































































































our advantage
we make the difference














50%

personal injury attorneys
                  view structured settlements as a vehicle to protect client interests

structured settlements
                  protect clients from the dangers of overspending.















50
                  states
almost all of the sspas are derived from model legislation
                  originally developed by nssta and later adopted by the national conference of
                  insurance legislators
nssta strengthened and improved state structured settlement
                  protection acts in all 50 states plus district of columbia














nssta u


ce credentialed education for claims professionals nationwide.
cle credentialed education for attorneys nationwide.
cje credentialed education for judges nationwide.
read more about nssta university
















capitol
                  hill

nssta-pac working to expand efforts to educate more members of congress than
                    ever before
                  
nssta lobbyist promote structured settlements and protect the laws
























partnerships
our partners










































































































































































































site map



show — site map
hide — site map


about nssta


attorneys


board of directors


brochures


claims professionals


code of ethics


congressional caucus


contact


contribute to nssta pac


faq


federal tax policy


glossary of terms


injured people


member dues


member resources 


member search


nssta university


public policy


public resources


structured settlements


videos


who we help


women's caucus







contact

the national structured settlements trade association
601 pennsylvania avenue nw
suite 900 south
washington, d.c. 20004
tel: (202) 289 4004
contact form











©2025
    the national structured settlements trade association, all rights reserved














