






	jana alayra music - christian music for children and adult ministry








































































toggle navigation









home
shop
cdst-shirts & clothinghatsresources & booksdvdsworship leader packagesdownloadable musickids' albumsadult albumssingles & specialsdownloadable music & motions videosdownloadable resourcesmp3 background trackssongbook pdfslyric & chord sheet pdfstoma mi mano pdf lead sheetsjump into the light pdf lead sheetsdig down deep pdf lead sheetsbelievin' on pdf lead sheetslook out now! pdf lead sheetstotally transformed pdf lead sheetslivin' loud 4 you pdf lead sheetsgift cardsmy account loginhow to download music

music
arrived! - livin' loud 4 you!believin' on"christmas"  by jana alayradig down deepfree indeedhere in your handsjump into the lightlive in concert videolive in concert video #2!!!!look out nowno place like homethere will come a daytoma mi manototally transformed

concerts
about
janathe bandprivacy policyreturns and exchangescontact us / mailing listfriends/recommended sitestypes of jana events availablepromotional materialsphotosdocumentshow to download music

ministry
ministry to adultskids ministryministry to kidskids artcoloring book pagestestimonialskids ministryadult ministryvideo testimonialsphotos20162012-20132007 - 20111997 - 2006videojana's blog

contact/mailing list























username/email




password




or
create account

forgot your password?

























now available:downloadable mp4 dvd files!dvd downloads--now 45% off!click to see! 


now available! individual downloadable mp3 background track filesclick to view albums 










concert near you!check out our ever-changing schedule of events! we would love to see you!moreministry to adultsclick here for information.  jana performs and speaks for many types of groups: mops/moms, women's events, mixed adults...morenew single - jesus, you're the lightnew kids song 'jesus, you're the light' is available as a download in mp3 (audio) or mp4 (video) format! click heremorewelcome!!!

have fun looking around.  and remember that if someone would like to have a personalized a message on any item, i am more than happy to do that!
please don't forget also about our:


blog entries, along with the archives. 
our upcoming events.  come!  and we treasure your prayers.




downloadable dvd file prices are slashed! 
we love you and thank god for every one of you!

oh, and as always…we would love to hear from you! orders@janaalayra.com

photos courtesy of steve alfano (www.alfanophoto.com)
and brad kinnan (www.bradakinnan.com/)


back it up
new single available for download!
click here to listen!

 




hello, friends! jesus is alive! we hope you enjoy this montage of kids all over the world singing and doing the motions to "everybody, everywhere!" many of you sent in clips. our friend kevin martin who edited this for us (grand avenue media) used the pieces that worked best. we hope you are blessed by all these beautiful kiddos worshipping the lord! take special note of the little girl who appears twice in the pink beanie. her name is analise jones, and she went to be with jesus two years ago (brain tumor). she knows all about the significance of this song. she is alive in heaven because jesus is alive! so we all rejoice with her. this piece is dedicated to sweet anna. many thanks to kevin and all of you who contributed!view product detailslivin' loud 4 you - cd$13.00
view product details"christmas" by jana alayra mp3$10.99
view product detailscd/dvd worship leader pack$150.00
view product detailslivin loud 4 you music motions dvd$17.00
view product detailsjump into the light music/motions dvd  $16.00
view product detailslive in concert #3 dvd$16.00








































homeshopmusicconcertsaboutministrycontact/mailing list






contact


















copyright © 2016-2024 jana alayra music. all rights reserved

















































