








acosta | omnichannel retail growth catalyst


























































 



skip to content




us englishusenglishcanadaenglishcompanysearchemployee login 



 

servicesservicessee allview all servicesdrive omnichannel salesheadquarter salesconnect with retailers to execute strategies at the retail shelf.connected commerceconvert shoppers at every stage of the purchase journey.emerging brandsgenerate demand to fuel the successful expansion of your brand.execute at retailmerchandisingshowcase your products efficiently so they are primed to sell.space + category managementincrease accuracy, save time and uncover sales opportunities.mobilize complex databusiness intelligenceoptimize your decision-making with deep insight into trends.revenue growth managementboost profitability and improve market competitiveness.optimize processesorder to cashenhance efficiency for quicker sales operations and resolutions.supply chainseamlessly manage inventory movement for accurate forecasting and delivery.channelschannelssee allview all channelsretailerschannelsgrocerynaturalconveniencemass/clubdrugvaluemilitarypetindependenthispanicwholesaleinternationalcanadaresultsnews & insightscareers 
connect with us 













acosta brings simplicity to retail salesthe formula for reaching consumers grows more complicated by the day. we act as a catalyst to boldly connect brands, retailers and consumers, fueling growth and building long-term value. see how we do it 









drive omnichannel salesaccelerate brand growth in stores and online. 
 



drive omnichannel salesreach shoppers wherever they choose to buysee how acosta boosts sales across all channels. 




 headquarter sales
connect with retailers to execute strategies at the retail shelf. 





 connected commerce
convert shoppers at every stage of the purchase journey. 





 emerging brands
generate demand to fuel the successful expansion of your brand. 




discover how we can enhance your omnichannel sales.
connect with us







execute at retailmaximize impact with optimal store presence. 
 



execute at retailbring your plan to life at the shelf ensure your brand has a consistent and impactful in-store presence. 




 merchandising
showcase your products efficiently so they are primed to sell. 





 space + category management
increase accuracy, save time and uncover sales opportunities. 




see how we can streamline your in-store execution.
connect with us







mobilize complex datacapitalize on deep insights to gain a competitive edge. 
 



mobilize complex dataunlock the transformative power of data to make informed decisionssee how acosta leverages data to enhance your competitive edge. 




 business intelligence
optimize your decision-making with deep insight into trends. 





 revenue growth management
boost profitability and improve market competitiveness. 




explore how we can transform your retail strategy.
connect with us







optimize processesstreamline operations with strategic solutions. 
 



optimize processesminimize disruptions to your sales operationssee how acosta’s robust support enables you to execute at any scale. 




 order to cash
enhance efficiency for quicker sales operations and resolutions. 





 supply chain
seamlessly manage inventory movement for accurate forecasting and delivery. 




see how we can reduce your costs.
connect with us







trusted brands trust us
































































 


why acosta
move forward with confidence we accelerate sales for brands and retailers that are ready for transformation. our experts are leaders in the retail industry, crafting winning strategies that enable leading and emerging brands to excel.
 
                    about acosta                



retailer connections

 
we’re deeply embedded with a wide network of retailers, strengthening brands locally, regionally and nationally.



cutting-edge analytics

 
we blend creativity and targeted analytics to deliver actionable business intelligence.



growth-minded investments

 
we continually invest in technology and partners that are shaping the next generation of retail.



boundless solutions

 
our custom strategies empower emerging and established brands to achieve their most ambitious goals.







 



channels
unmatched connectivity across the retail spectrum
we’ve established lasting relationships with virtually every leading retailer, enhancing our collective influence to expand distribution into new sales channels, introduce new products and secure a stronger market presence.
 


channels
view all channels



grocery



drug



independent



natural



value



hispanic



convenience



military



wholesale



mass/club



pet









retailers
view all retailers














































results
growing brands at every stage
we bring the expertise and guidance that deliver proven results for emerging and established brands of every shape.

view all results














turning regional presence into national success at whole foods




+6
skus in national distribution


+95%
dollar sales growth





                                    read the case study
                                    











maximizing shelf space in a crowded category




150k
incremental facings secured


+26%
increase in market share





                                    read the case study
                                    











supply chain insights drive retail compliance and sales




3,097
stores reviewed


5
items reviewed





                                    read the case study
                                    











rebranding delivers significant savings and sales




$1.3m
saved in slotting fees


34%
increase in distribution points





                                    read the case study
                                    











winning at checkout




1,501
stores


50%
incremental sales lift





                                    read the case study
                                    











maximizing shelf impact and sales growth at family dollar




61%
sales increase


+15.4%
growth rate





                                    read the case study
                                    






















"acosta’s analytics, insights and business intelligence have propelled freshpet to new heights."


craig kallach
vp sales, freshpet 








"acosta is a world-class partner driving results that are integral to our success. they have proven skills in adapting to the needs of the client and change in the industry."


kevin champion
senior manager, national sales, the coca-cola company  













news & insights
the latest from our retail experts
stay updated on acosta news and perspectives.


view all news & insights






insights affordable and accessible: dollar stores meet shoppers’ needs






insights simplifying the complexities in your order to cash






insights nearly 90% of pet parents willing to adjust budgets to afford pets’ expenses










ready for transformation?for nearly a century, we’ve been a trusted growth partner for brands.
let's talk 














 



join our teammove forward with us.we’re always looking for driven individuals to bring unique perspectives and dynamic energy to our work. explore career opportunities now and become part of our success story.
join the team 




services

all services
headquarter sales
connected commerce
emerging brands
merchandising
space + category management
business intelligence
revenue growth management
order to cash
supply chain


channels

all channels
grocery
natural
convenience
mass/club
drug
value
military
pet
independent
hispanic
wholesale
canada


retailers

kroger
walmart
target
amazon
whole foods
costco
albertsons
ahold-delhaize
publix
h-e-b
meijer
sprouts


results
news & insights
careers
contact

 



© 2025 acosta. all rights reserved.
acosta group
privacy policy
accessibility policy
terms of service
security compliance
 





















 



