




missouri auto & car accident lawyer - adler and manson























































skip to content 
    
menu 
home about us  james f adler william g. manson   practice areas  motor vehicle accidents  bar liability bicycle & pedestrian accidents boating accidents bus accidents car accidents  construction zone accidents uninsured & underinsured accidents t-bone car accidents drunk driving accidents   motorcycle accidents truck accidents   personal injury  back injuries brain and head injuries defective drugs defective medical devices  pelvic mesh   defective products child injuries catastrophic injuries swimming pool accidents wrongful death   workers’ compensation  missouri workers’ compensation process permanent total disability permanent partial disability third-party claims construction accidents ladder accidents scaffold accidents falling objects toxic accidents occupational diseases     blog videos faq testimonials why hire us contact us 


      call 816.333.0400 for a free consultation. (for work comp call 816.898.8530) our clients pay nothing unless we win.     $16.5m judgment obtained for client in auto accident our kansas city personal injury attorneys have recovered more than $95 million for the injured and bereaved. why hire us? serious injuries superb results satisified clients our kansas city personal injury attorneys have recovered more than $95 million for the injured and bereaved. request a free consultation inquire about the possibility of reduced fees we are pleased to offer 25% reduced fees in certain circumstances. contact our kansas city law firm to inquire if your car accident or workman's compensation case applies. request a free consultation personal injury lawyers protecting car accident victims our kansas city personal injury attorneys have recovered more than $95 million for the injured and bereaved. why hire us? serving the people of missouri and kansas since 1995“as with most auto accident victims, i was shaken and unsure of what my rights were. jim adler took the time to answer all of my questions.” – p.r., kansas city, missouriview our testimonials get top rated attorney for your car / auto accident! our kansas city car and auto accident lawyers have been rated by the martindale-hubble with the highest possible peer ratings. why hire us?  missouri car accident attorneys based in kansas city adler & manson: protecting the rights of auto accident victims since 1995 if you’ve been injured in a car accident or truck accident, you may file a claim for damages which can include medical bills for current and future medical treatment, lost wages, and/or pain and suffering. your spouse may also have a claim as a result of injuries you sustained in the car accident. call us today to discuss your case with an experienced injury lawyer.  $16.5m judgment obtained for client in auto accident  missouri workers compensation attorneys adler & manson: protecting the rights of injured workers the experienced attorneys at adler and manson represent workers who have been severely injured on the job. missouri law outlines specific benefits that are allowed to injured workers. we work hard to maximize your recovery of those benefits. call us today to discuss your case with an experienced missouri workers’ compensation attorney.  settled a wrongful death action of a child for $1.75m          our passion: to right the wrongs caused by negligence at adler & manson, we have more than 70 years of combined experience representing the rights of the injured. as a firm that is exclusively devoted to representing people (not companies or corporations), nothing gives us more satisfaction than knowing we have helped our clients obtain justice after a serious accident, injury, or loss. as a reflection of our client commitment, we have recovered more than $95 million in verdicts and settlements, which gave our clients the financial support needed to recover and move on after a life-changing accident. whether you have been involved in an car accident, a work-related accident, have lost a loved one, or have suffered injury due to a defective product, we are here to help. call our kansas city / missouri personal injury lawyers at 816.333.0400.  we can review your case at no chargein addition to free consultations, we accept cases on a contingency fee basis. this means you owe us nothing unless we recover for you. fill out the form below to get started.please enable javascript to use the contact form.your name phone your email your message send message  a law firm you can trust   client testimonials   “all of you are wonderful” - l. s.   read our testimonials"very knowledgeable and great communication!" - raymond   read our testimonials“i am very satisfied” - k. h.   read our testimonialsi have used this attorneys office for 30 plus years. - michael anthony   read our testimonials“understanding and caring” - t. s.   read our testimonials"i would recommend adler & manson to everyone” - s.b.   read our testimonials  overwhelmed?    making a difference for 20 yearsat adler & manson, we know just how life-changing an accident can be and we tailor our approach to ensure the best possible outcome for you. because you will most likely go up against insurance companies after an accident, your choice in representation should possess the manpower, resources, and experience needed to match and overcome them. insurance companies know that we work tirelessly to create persuasive and effective arguments that result in big verdicts and settlements. this translates to better results for our clients. why hire us?  about adler & manson  distinctive, honest & ethical representation attorneys jim adler and bill manson each have more than 20 years of legal experience. both earned an av® rating by martindale-hubbell®, which is the highest possible peer review rating and indicates ethical practices. our firm is known for being the “go-to” source in missouri and kansas because we are available for our clients 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. no matter the time of day or night, we can provide the support and guidance you need in wake of an accident.  meet bill manson meet jim adler      a portion of all income goes to charitable causes.  adler & manson kansas city / missouri personal injury attorneys 9233 ward parkway, suite 240 kansas city, mo 64114 view map call today 816.333.0400 or 816.898.8530 (for work comp only) website: https://adlerandmanson.com privacy policy  call today!816.333.0400 816.898.8530(for work comp only)      
  menu  our practice areas why hire us client testimonials read our faq get a free case evaluation 

  © 1995-2024 adler and manson - missouri car accident, workers compensation, and personal injury attorneys based in kansas city
  home  call today practice areas videos why hire us client testimonials james f adler william g. manson  location  contact us 
  close the information on this website is for general information purposes only. nothing on this site should be taken as legal advice for any individual case or situation. this information is not intended to create, and receipt or viewing does not constitute, an attorney-client relationship. missouri car accident attorneys - adler and manson
we use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. if you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.ok
























