center for young children: indiana university indianapolis























skip to content
skip to main navigation
skip to search








indiana university indianapolis
indiana university indianapolis
iu indianapolis











menu


about
faq
parent handbook

administrationsupport

tuition



programs
our teachers
infant / toddler
wee-school (age 2)
multiage (ages 3-5)
stem (ages 4-5)
menus


employment
contact


pay online
enrollment





center for young children


homeaboutfaqparent handbookadministrationtuitionprogramsour teachersinfant / toddlerwee-school (age 2)multiage (ages 3-5)stem (ages 4-5)menusemploymentcontactpay onlineenrollment
now enrolling!the multi-age (3-5), stem (4-5), wee school (2) programs are now enrolling! the waitlist application for infants (6 weeks-1 year) and toddlers (1-2) is currently on hold.enroll nowopenings for 2025 summer & fallwe have immediate openings available for multi-age (age 3-5) and stem (age 4-5)contact us     enroll nowexplore our programsinfant / toddler6 weeks - 2 years old: building nurturing, supportive relationships are most important.  

infant/ toddler room teachers care over small groups of children which provides a deliberate and focused setting for our teachers to bond with your child. wee-schoolage 2: responsive care to meet your child's needs.

being a 2 year old is an exhausting job! wee school teachers plan action-packed days filled with activities, music, art, and outdoor play all focused to provide social, emotional, cognitive and physical development. 
multi-ageages 3 - 5 years old: multiple years with the same teacher.

children spend more than one year with the same teacher, allowing the teacher to develop a better understanding of the child's strengths and needs so that she can better support the child's learning.stem pre-kages 4 - 5: children are innately curious and eager to learn.

stem teachers introduces science, technology, engineering and mathematics concepts into the daily curriculum providing a setting for children to solve, wonder, learn and grow. on my way pre-k opportunitieswe are hiring!for full-time positions, please call us at 317-274-3508 for more information. apply for part-time positionstestimonials"we consider ourselves very lucky to finally be where our kids belong. you all play such an important role in our kids’ lives and i cannot thank you enough.""we are so impressed with the structure of the 2-year-old classroom and what (the teacher) does for the little ones. we are just as impressed with (our son’s) growth over the last couple of months and we attribute it all to the wonderful teachers and programming that the school has to offer""(our daughter) does not handle change very well and we were nervous about her handling the change of schools and making new friends. (the teachers) helped her transition flawlessly"calendarmonday, january 20, 2025dr. martin luther king jr. daymonday, february 17, 2025professional development dayfriday march 28, 2025professional development daymonday, may 26, 2025memorial daythursday, june 19, 2025juneteenthfriday, july 4, 2025independence daythursday and friday,august 7 - 8, 2024professional development daysmonday, september 1, 2025labor daythursday and friday,november 27 - 28, 2025thanksgiving breakthursday, december 25, 2025 - thursday, january 1, 2026winter breakfriday, january 2, 2026reopeningthe center also has the option of closing on the day before or the day after one of the recognized holidays.https://www.facebook.com/iuicyc/



center for young children social media channels


instagram











accessibility | college scorecard | privacy notice

 | 
copyright © 2025 the trustees of 
indiana university









