













create healthy homes |










































official website of oram miller, bbec, emrs
to search for emf articles go to “education” section
go →
 


















home
services

emf inspections
on-site emf evaluation
phone/video emf evaluation
pre-purchase emf evaluation
new construction & remodeling
hourly consultation
pay for consultations


about

oram miller
building biology
find a building biologist

national / international
southern california


southern california tradespeople


education
store
testimonials
interviews

radio / podcast interviews
videos / slides
webinars
lectures / presentations
emf news


contact
 






select page



  


















welcome to create healthy homes
environmental design & inspection services


view services


 
 
 
 





 

oram miller
bbec, emrs, certified building biologytm environmental consultant and electromagnetic radiation specialist and healthy new building and remodeling consultant.
providing on-site emf evaluations for existing and new homes and offices in los angeles, orange, ventura, riverside and san diego counties and nationwide by telephone and skype.
based upon the principles of building biologytm
 



learn more




 
 
 
 



introduction to emfs
 
 
 


oram miller on the signs of emf sensitivity
 











 
 
 
 



emf services & education
 
 
 


building biology emf services
if you are looking for building biology emf services for your home, oram offers various types of emf services which can be found in detail below. you can also book a consultation with oram here.
 






go to services






 
 
 


education – emf articles
if you are looking to learn more about emfs and their influence on your everyday life, there is a separate education section that consists of emf articles written by oram over the past 20 years that cover all of the important information about emfs and get regularly updated.
 






go to articles






 
 
 
 



services
 
 
 


on-site emf evaluation
a full evaluation of electric, magnetic, radio frequency and dirty electricity field exposure. we begin with a discussion of what emfs are, where they come from, how they affect our health, and what we can do about them. this evaluation is especially helpful for people with chronic fatigue, fibromyalgia, headaches, insomnia, “brain fog” and other symptoms of electrical hyper-sensitivity, or ehs


$425 – learn more


 
 

phone/video emf evaluation
for those living outside southern california. consultations are available long distance by telephone, zoom, skype, and email for those individuals, families and businesses in the us and canada outside my local travel area of southern california. i have even assisted clients outside the usa, including canada, england, france and australia


$425 – learn more


 
 
 


new home/pre-purchase emf evaluation
this includes an evaluation of electric, magnetic, radio frequency and dirty electricity field exposure for those who want to move to an existing home, apartment or condo unit. my main concern is to rule out “deal breakers”. this includes sources of emfs that you have no control over and cannot effectively reduce, eliminate or shield against once you move in


$300 – learn more


 
 

new construction & remodeling
this service provides an individualized consultation covering healthy wiring in new home and office design and construction, as well as remodeling, all for the purpose of eliminating or reducing potential emf exposure. the initial consultation lasts two to three hours. the fee includes a report and follow-up questions with the homeowners


$500 – learn more


 
 
 
 



testimonials
 
 
 







newport beach, california “having oram miller come to my home for a screening was extremely worth every minute! first, his quick education and presentation on the types of emfs was very informative. i did not know about the different types and their possible impacts to health. secondly, his screening of the rooms and feedback was very thorough and reassuring. i learned a few quick fixes on safety and reducing exposure to emfs. this is a topic everyone should know about and i truly believe that in time the world will understand the impact some of these exposures have on health. i recommend oram to everyone i know. it is reassuring to get your home screened and to know where you may need a simple fix or change. thank you oram!”
— g.t., newport beach, california
 

 
 




compton, california “i am 100% healed of my chronic fatigue and its definitely related to what you did about my breaker box and your advice. it’s been about three to four months since you came to my house. it was about three weeks after turning off the breakers before feeling normal again. it’s been ten years since i’ve felt normal and i had drive. i was always so tired and exhausted and had nothing in me every single day. it’s been years of it. just the simple thing of turning off the breakers at night takes it away. whenever my husband forgets to turn off the breakers, i immediately wake up in the morning exhausted with no drive. it’s such a direct issue. this was the last piece of the puzzle. i’ve done so many things over the years but never fully felt myself. and this did it. i’m so appreciative of you. keep it up. i’m so grateful. you’re really changing people’s lives. it’s absolutely amazing. i wanted to make sure you knew how you’ve impacted my life.”
— r.c., compton, california
 

 
 




ramsey, minnesota“i just had to express my heartfelt ‘thank you’ for taking away my weeks of anxiety and failed searches to find anyone to help me help my mom. i realize i didn’t find just ‘anyone,’ but rather the best in your field!! (oram’s response: *blush!*) and: thank you for speaking with me over the phone today. i cannot begin to tell you what relief i feel to know i have a true, confident, and kind professional to work with. it never ceases to amaze me how much power we have (or, are given by god) to lighten another person’s burdens… and you have done that very thing!”
— l.s., ramsey, minnesota (telephone consultation) 
 

 
 




san juan capistrano, california“thank you, thank you, thank you for all the tedious electrical problem solving and continued education on the harmful effects of emfs, wi-fi, cell phones, grounding issues and so much more at our house monday and yesterday. i am so grateful that the emf issues were able to be identified and solved. i slept like a baby last night thanks to you and your team. your knowledge sharing, expertise, patience, professionalism and kindness are appreciated more than i can even articulate. you are such a blessing to the people you serve and for the work you are doing to makes homes safer. i feel honored to have met you. thank you so much! i’m sure we’ll talk again soon.”
— c.s., san juan capistrano, california
 

 
 




blaine, minnesota“for the longest time, i had been waking up with a slight ‘heaviness’ in my head, almost like a mild hangover. it didn’t affect my clarity of thinking but it was very annoying. turns out it was a sensitivity to emf (electromagnetic frequencies). oram miller came over to do a 4-5 hour assessment. he was very thorough. we ended up moving our bed from one bedroom to the other and shutting off two rooms in the fusebox every night. man, what a difference that made! you know what it’s like waking up after camping outdoors-your head is clear and you feel refreshed? that’s what it feels like now to wake up every morning. it’s like night and day! i highly recommend oram. he’s very passionate about his work and very caring, too.”
— p.b., blaine, minnesota
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 



contact
 
 
 


for those who are new to create healthy homes, please read the following before calling or emailing (click to expand)
thank you for contacting me. i ask for your patience in doing so. i get several calls, emails and texts each day from clients and those wanting emf advice. i do my best to call everyone back as soon as possible. if you have already worked with me or want to schedule an appointment, go ahead and call, text or email me now. you are my priority.
if you are asking for advice on emfs, especially if you are electrically hypersensitive (ehs), please know that i only have a short time to talk with you, for free. i usually have several calls to return each day. in order for me to best help you, please first read the articles that i have written on emfs on my website. find them on the education page under the menu choice “all about emfs” on the far right of the menu bar. click on “emfs” in the drop down menu. read the articles introduction to emfs and on the four specific types of emfs. the direct link to the articles is here. or, scroll down to articles on the home page. also, read safer use of cell phones and safer use of computers.
those articles may answer your questions. if not, feel free to call, text or email me. i will refer to the information in those articles when we speak. kindly keep your medical history to a couple of sentences, briefly explain the particulars of your situation, and have pen and paper ready to take notes. i will need to ask you specific questions to fully understand your situation.
i have to be brief because i have other calls to return and i usually only have a short time available, so let’s be efficient with our time. that way i can get to all the people who call me and my colleagues wanting emf advice.
if you want more time, then call to schedule a long-distance phone/video emf evaluation (i have a sliding scale if needed).
thank you for your understanding. 
 
 
 


oram miller
11693 san vicente blvd., #342los angeles, california 90049
tel: 310.720.7686email: info@createhealthyhomes.com
 
 





your name


your email address


your message




send inquiry



 
 
 
 
 



new building manual
 
 
 


building biology-based new building manual
oram has co-written a new building manual on healthy, non-toxic envelope materials in conjunction with george swanson, bbec, builder and building biologist in austin, texas and our editor, wayne federer in wisconsin. the manual is available through our website, www.breathingwalls.com.
 






go to new building manual






 
 
 
 



articles
 
 
 


articles on emfs
the following links on the right bring you to articles on emfs written by oram miller
 



read articles



 
 

1. introduction to emfsread article →
2. magnetic field emfsread article →
3. electric field emfsread article →
4. radio frequency emfsread article →
5. dirty electricity emfsread article →
 
 
 
 



recent emf news
 
 
 


new: new organization showcases biological harm of emfs, the international commission on the biological effects of emfs; abstracts on harm from emfs by prof. joel moskowitz, ph.d.
a new world-wide organization launched in october 2022, the international commission on the biological effects of emfs. a companion article discussing this new organization appeared in environmental health entitled, scientific evidence invalidates health assumptions underlying the fcc and icnirp exposure limit determinations for radiofrequency radiation: implications for 5g. additionally, u.c. berkeley’s prof. joel moskowitz, ph.d. has compiled abstracts on the harm of radio frequencies entitled, recent research on wireless radiation and electromagnetic fields. to download the abstracts, click here. 
 
note: oram interviewed by alison morrow on emfs and 5g on august 19, 2022
oram was interviewed on august 19, 2022 by former tv environmental news journalist, alison morrow. the two-hour interview is entitled, “emf & 5g: safety, science & media bias” and can be found by clicking here. 
 
note: landmark victory by the u.s. court of appeals for d.c. forcing fcc to amend public guidelines on radio frequency emf harm
a landmark ruling was issued on august 13, 2021 by the u.s. court of appeals for the district of columbia on the lawsuit brought by the childrens health defense (chd) and the environmental health trust (eht) this past january, 2021. plaintiffs won their case against the fcc when the appellate judges ruled that the fcc did not provide a valid reason backing its claim that its guidelines are sufficiently protective of the public regarding human exposure to radio frequency emfs. the fcc was ordered to explain why it did not take existing evidence into account that radio frequency emfs cause harm to human health when issuing its original guidelines in 1996. the court, in fact, found the fcc in violation of the administrative procedure act. read a summary of the ruling by the chd here, and a summary of the ruling by the eht here. read the actual judgement here. 
 
note: updated 5g article
i have updated my 5g article. i wrote an entirely new update on august 17, 2020 with important information from industry watchdog doug dawson, president of ccg consulting. that was followed by another, brief update on 10/29/20 (a new update will be forthcoming this autumn of 2021). in the august 2020 update, doug provided eye-opening insight into just what technology is being installed by the cell industry, and what isn’t. doug gave great detail on what new technologies are coming with 5g and when. the information will surprise you, and it helps us to better understand what is really going on with 5g deployment in cities and towns throughout the u.s. i also have my summary tables explaining what each cell company is doing in each frequency band. i particularly want you to look at the “5g” coverage maps for each cell carrier to see where millimeterwave “5g” is really deployed, and learn that the real danger for the vast majority of us is 4g lte small cell antennas being installed in residential neighborhoods. read the article for more details by clicking here. 
 
 

note: four 5g interviews
four interviews on 5g that i conducted in january through april 2020 are available. they are:
a one-hour 5g interview with ann louise gittleman, entitled, “is there any connection between coronavirus and 5g?”, accessed here.
the second 5g interview is on green street radio with patti and doug wood, heard live in new york city on wbai, entitled, “emfs, 5g and you! a conversation with oram miller”, accessed here.
the third 5g interview is with lloyd burrell of electricsense, available here.
the fourth emf/5g interview is with patrick timpone of one radio network. patrick interviewed me on february 24, 2020 on emfs and 5g technology. the interview is entitled, “oram miller—creating safer spaces for those with electrical sensitivities”. the 42-minute audio interview with patrick can be accessed by clicking here. 
 
note: four emf books with input from oram
four emf books are out now that i have helped write. i was honored to participate in the editing of the first three, and i helped influence the development of the fourth. the first is dr. joe mercola’s encyclopedic treatise, “emf’d—5g, wi-fi & cell phones: hidden harms and how to protect yourself”, available here. the second is lloyd burrell’s useful volume, “emf practical guide: the simple science of protecting yourself, healing chronic inflammation, and living a naturally healthy life in our toxic electromagnetic world”. it is available here. the third is nick pineault’s comprehensive book, the non-tinfoil guide to emfs, available here. the fourth is andrew mcafee’s valuable book on tracing and repairing wiring errors, “killing current—removing a fatal flaw from our home electrical system: current on grounding conductors”. it is available here. andrew practices as an emf consultant in north carolina at www.homeemftracing.com. 
 
note: an audio interview of oram on 5g conducted by camilla rees
a 5g resource is available in the form of an audio interview of oram conducted by camilla rees of electromagnetichealth.org. in the interview, entitled, “insights on 4g/5g antenna densification: oram miller, bbec, emrs”, oram goes into great detail on what 5g entails, how 4g is a big component of it, and how you can measure and protect yourself from it. to link to the free interview, click here. camilla serves on the advisory board of the building biology institute and was one of our contributors and editors of the institute’s online course, 5g: understanding the technology & protection strategies. 
 
note: cell phone documentary "generation zapped" available for download and viewing
the documentary generation zapped is available on multiple platforms. this ground breaking documentary by filmmaker sabine el gemayel presents compelling information from the leaders of the worldwide cell phone awareness movement. it is well edited, informative and convincing. this is one film you will want to show to your reluctant family, friends, and school and government officials. they will come away with a different perspective than they had before watching it. to see the trailer, click here. to order the dvd, click here. to order on itunes, click here. to order on amazon, click here. to order on google play, click here. to order on vimeo, click here. 
 



read all emf news



go to emf news






 
 
 
  






 
 
 




    environmental design & inspection services

  
unique website visitors since 2005 - powered by statcounter - 
  

menu 
about
services
education
testimonials
interviews
contact


  

links 
articles
emf news
store
sitemap
disclaimer
privacy policy


  





© 2005-2025 create healthy homes. all rights reserved.




 




























