









survive 2012 | [archived]













































survive 2012
[archived]





search




main menu
skip to primary content
skip to secondary content
home
why 2012?

why dec 21 2012?
2012 possibilities
the mayan calendar
fractal time and the i ching
galactic alignment
2012 facts
survive 2012 – the bast theory
did the ancient mayans predict a doomsday?
are 2012 authors just trying to make a quick buck?


super volcanoes

supervolcanoes


space nasties

solar storms
asteroids and comets
comet caesar – dark comet in 2012?
cosmic rays
eta carinae supernova in 2012?


eclipses and earthquakes
global pyramids

american pyramids
europe pyramids
asia & pacific pyramids
middle east & africa pyramids


nazca lines

nazca lines: introduction
naza lines: who created them?
nazca lines: what do they mean? part 1
nazca lines: what do they mean? part 2 – belt of orion
naza lines: other geoglyphs worldwide


pole shifts

how could the poles shift?
crustal poleshifts: gradualism v catastrophism
pole shifts – velikovsky
crustal poleshifts: hapgood and bowles
evidence of a recent poleshift – part 1
evidence of a recent poleshift – part 2


dragons

2012: the year of the dragon
dragons: myths from the americas
dragon myths: africa, scandinavia & babylon
dragon myths: ancient greece and china
dragons, dna and the i ching
dragons: were they once real?


blog
more…

noah’s ark was a bunker?
the aquatic ape theory
eotw poll
are 2012 authors just trying to make a quick buck?
patrick geryl

pole shift & pole reversal in 2012
why the north becomes south – by patrick geryl




privacy policy
about robert bast
 






survive 2012 – start here!


  note: with the exception of the blog, this site is an archive from dec 2012. obviously there was no global cataclysm in late 2012…
2012 could end up being nothing… or it could truly be a shtf doomsday
a prudent person foresees danger and takes precautions.
the simpleton goes blindly on and suffers the consequences.
proverbs 22:3
the long count calendar of the ancient mayans ends on dec 21 2012. there isn’t much information regarding what the mayans thought would occur in 2012, but the consensus of opinion is that there will be great change. to some people this means a positive, spiritual change. others, like myself, consider that a catastrophic event may have been predicted, and it might mean the end of the world, as we know it.
read more about the mayan calendar and ancient mayan culture.
give it another 6 months (at least)
i know what many people are thinking – yet another doomsday prophet trying to milk it a little bit more…
nothing could be further from the truth – i don’t want a tragic result – and i’ll be well pleased if this marvelous world continues along its relatively happy journey.
it’s not a case of being proven right or wrong, be it for myself or the ancient mayan civilization. for me it is about tricking/fooling/convincing people into preparing for the worst, just in case. regardless of 2012 it is probably the best thing you will ever do for yourself and family. obviously the shock and awe of dec 21, 2012 has past. so i won’t be putting as much effort into this mission from now – but hopefully enough people have become preppers to make my prior work worthwhile. read more in my blog post about why i feel that until mid-2013 we could still be in danger…
2012 – solved
1. many ancient cultures (including the maya) were capable of watching the skies over long periods of time (longer than we have), and recording their observations.
2. auroras at low latitudes (down towards the equator) are very rare, less than once per lifetime. ancient cultures, unable to explain their presence, could have been very scared and concerned when auroras were observed.
3. by noting auroral activity over centuries or even millennia, a repeating pattern might have been discovered.
4. of the various ways an ancient culture could have warned of the next bout of low latitude auroras, one is a calendar with a definitive end date, such as the long count calendar of the ancient maya. because the calendar was in continuous use, the end date was not forgotten.
auroras might have been just scary lights in the sky for ancient cultures, but they can kill us. low latitude auroras only appear during the most massive solar storms. those same storms can take out the power grids of modern society (countries closest to the poles with the oldest grids are at the most risk – and that includes the usa), and take months or even years to repair. that would equal millions of deaths. read more about the risks of solar storms.
survive 2012 – the book

survive 2012 is a non-fiction book available now for purchase (and preview) at amazon usa, amazon uk, kindle and as a pdf file. the book describes the major threats we may face in 2012, and how to ensure your own survival…
also, best gifts for 2023, congrats for surviving this long!
is the world going to end in 2012?
there is zero scientific evidence that anything will happen, but there are numerous things that could easily threaten the human species in the year 2012, such as a geomagnetic reversal, solar storm or supernova. or something more intimate, like a flu pandemic, or a nuclear war. any predictions you hear about 2012, even on this site, are pure speculation.
however…
1) solar storms. nasa have acknowledged that the power grids of north america could go down if earth is hit by a geomagnetic storm like the carrington event of 1859. the grids of europe, russia, china, australasia and south africa are also at risk. the solar cycle is about to peak. and governments have failed to prepare. imagine your world without electricity…
2) a comet. nasa has been making plenty of videos and articles debunking 2012. they (correctly) say we are safe from asteroids this year, but they are strangely quiet about comets. that’s because one could be headed for us right now and we wouldn’t see it yet. and a dark comet, well, we wouldn’t see it coming until the last minute.
ancient advanced cultures, like the maya, had one advantage over modern science – the length of their existence. the return of a long period comet could have been predicted by ancient astronomers. and a pattern of solar storms could have been detected simply by noting the rare occurences of auroras at low latitudes.
how can i protect myself?

read my free ebook, the facts about 2012
check out my list of possibilities.
join 2012 forum for general discussions (or 2013.org for those who really want to survive).
please, find yourself a safe spot out of the city, and store up food and water. full details are in survive 2012 – the book



what does rob think?
although i’d prefer new age enlightenment, i can’t help but think something terrible may occur, and that ancient civilisations have left us coded warnings (hint: i’m not talking about nostradamus). the recent 2012 movie (get it on dvd, watch the trailer) covers several leading possiblities.
read an explanation of my 2012 theory
2012 resources
besides this site there is also:

a 2012 news service – unbiased and purely 2012
a 2012 wiki – every fact regarding the mayan doomsday can be found there
a 2012 database (almost 600 sites listed)
a 2012 social network
and my 2012 blog – where you’ll find a lot of my writing

do you have an insurance policy?
i have no idea if something bad will happen in 2012 or not. nobody really knows. most home owners have fire insurance, even though they do not expect their house to ever burn. they have it because losing their home and contents would be devastating, and insurance is quite cheap.
the human species does not have an insurance policy that covers a global cataclysm in 2012. until governments, organisations or high-worth individuals make an effort, my intention is to do the best i can, because at least 1 person out of 6 billion people should make an effort.



recent posts


latest gift ideas for 2023

posted on november 16, 2022  by  testadmin 


  
(obviously this is off-topic, just seeing if this website has any ability to get visitors…)
for nerds
chipofy usb-c led cable – it shows the speed of charging via a mini led screen. it doesn’t make it charge any faster, but looks cool!

for the home
lego succulents – perfect for aspiring the gardener in people, with something that cannot die, but also isn’t a realistic looking fake plant.

light bulb security cameras – no “name brand” seems to be making them, but they sound like a great gift. more plug and play than most cameras, given that the mount and power source are already in place. 
for teens
original tamagotchi – retailing at only $15, it is overdue for a comeback, especially for people trying to reduce their screen time, or for kids at schools that ban phone usage.

for pagans
the modern witch tarot deck – it is modern in terms of being feminist and modern (they slipped in a motorcycle and a laptop), while still denoting the timeless aspects of the major arcana. beautiful and not expensive – be an early adopter!

for birdwatchers
haikubox is an expensive, hardware + subscription service that is a shazam but for birds. plug it in (outside), and it will message you with the bird species doing the singing outside your window, when a new one turns up. otherwise there is a chart of all the birds it heard each day, and their minutes of activity. not just singing, chirps are recognised too!



posted in uncategorized 


 







copyright 2000-2014 robert bast





