












department of linguistics - uc santa barbara

























skip to main content








 


department of linguistics - uc santa barbara





main menuhomepeopleresearchgraduateundergraduatecoursesresourcesnews & eventsalumnigivingnewsletter




















news




 workshop on american indian languages 

 ...  
  


 congratulations to our graduates! 

 ...  
  


 new faculty spotlight 

 new faculty spotlight - ...  
  


 ucsb linguists receive grant from the fund for santa barbara! 
  
 ucsb linguists eric w. campbell and guillem belmar and community interpreters salustia ávila, javier garcía, abigail hernández, josé luis mendoza, jeremías salazar, and nayra pacheco guzmán have been awarded a $10,000 grant from the fund for santa barbara for their project justicia social de intérpretes de lenguas originarias (jsilo).
 
  


 















  
  
  
  



  
  
  
  



  
  
  
  



  
  
  
  



  
  
  
  



  
  
  
  



  
  
  
  



  
  
  
  





 







welcome to ucsb linguistics
the department of linguistics at the university of california, santa barbara stands at the forefront of several converging trends in the field of linguistics, thanks to a series of key decisions made when the department was founded in 1989. ucsb linguistics was created to realize a vision of linguistics as a field that would seek explanations for language as a fundamental human activity, through an understanding of how languages are used by their speakers. from the beginning, the department committed itself to maintaining a sharp focus on the theoretical and methodological tools that would be needed to realize this vision, and to developing a broad empirical base for the work via a typologically diverse sampling of the world’s languages. as more and more researchers across all fields of linguistics are seeking well-motivated explanations and firmly grounded empirical evidence for claims about the nature of language, ucsb’s longstanding leadership in this enterprise puts the department at the cutting edge of linguistic scholarship, developing ideas and methods that are critical for moving the field of linguistics into a new era.
 
























search


search form

search 





 




give to ucsb linguistics

we invite you to be part of the success of ucsb linguistics in developing the next generation of leaders for the field of linguistics. more info...
give online now





looking for ems?

for information on the english for multilingual students (ems) program, which offers courses for students for whom english is not their first language, go to:
english for multilingual students













contact us


phone/fax
		tel: 805-893-7488
		fax: 805-893-7491
contact@linguistics.ucsb.edu


main office
		south hall 3432
		monday through friday
		9am-12pm and 1-4pm
campus mailcode: 3100
campus maps


mailing address
		department of linguistics
		south hall 3432
		university of california santa barbara
		santa barbara, california 93106-3100
		usa

 









 













facebook


twitter




college of letters and scienceuc santa barbaraaccessibilityappropriate useprivacywebmaster


©2025
the regents of the university of california.
all rights reserved.
uc santa barbara, santa barbara, ca 93106


 




