











fort lauderdale - broward impact window & door































































 




















broward impact window & door 


toggle navigation

servicesimpact windowsimpact doorsservices

impact windows
impact doors


gallery
location
financing
company
 call now for yourfree in-home consultation954.922.0606














locationswe offer window & door replacement services for residential applications.
schedule your free in-home estimate 





fort lauderdalewhen searching for impact windows in fort lauderdale, you’re immediately overwhelmed by the sheer volume of companies all claiming to offer you the best impact windows at the best prices throughout broward county. one quick search for “impact windows near me” will likely turn up hundreds of competitors all vying for your business. however, no impact window company can compare to the broward impact team.
since its inception, broward impact has been a leading supplier and installer of high-quality impact windows designed to defend and enhance your property the moment they’re installed. we’ve had the pleasure of working with homeowners, business owners, and property managers alike throughout fort lauderdale and the tri-county area providing stunning impact windows and we’re eager to assist on the next project.
what separates broward impact from other impact window companies?
one of the main factors that tie all the other broward impact window companies together is that they’re more interested in your business than your experience—that’s not the case here. instead, you’ll discover a team of impact window professionals whose sole focus is securing your project the best impact windows for the best price. we proudly offer direct wholesale products for the general public at unbeatable pricing, as well as a full in-house installation team that are all experts in impact window installation.
when broward impact provides you with a project timeline, we make sure that we meet or exceed expectations every single time. you’ll come to expect an open line of communication you can always access regarding your project, as well as genuine quality finished products that you’ll be able to rely on for decades to come. we’ve established ourselves as the leader in impact windows, and for good reason. today, we’ve created a full process in-house to ensure your happiness in your new impact windows today, and for as long as you have them installed.
the broward impact window process
here at broward impact, we’ve established our own in-house process to ensure your impact window project has the best possible outcome. our process includes:
project requirements/specification review
our team breaks down the specifications and measurements for your project to ensure that everything we do for you is exact. we don’t strive for perfection—it’s our baseline. before we ever put glass to the window, we guarantee that everything is right.
proposal/contract sign off
at broward impact, your happiness in our service and products is our top priority. that’s why we make sure that everything is properly fitted to your home/property’s specifications. you’ll never have to be stuck with “standard” size products.
development of permit package
we are a fully state licensed general contractor. we pull and process our own permits to meet state-of-the-art energy efficiency requirements, while also ensuring safety for your home or business with engineering calculations done in-house specifically calling out each opening’s need based on your specific wants.
product order
we have developed relationships with specific manufacturers to bring you the best product. we buy direct, so all that’s left for us is your requirements and specifications! our large buying power means we can sell at unbeatable prices.
installation
our installation crews are hand-picked to ensure quality workmanship. they have a combined average of over 25 years of experience and take as much pride in their craftsmanship for your home, which is why we think you’ll be satisfied with our service!
final inspection
we pride ourselves on the quality of our installation services and want you, as a customer for life, to be satisfied with every aspect. our team will always provide excellent workmanship during an inspection by being attentive to your needs while also making sure that everything meets and exceeds code requirements!
impact window benefits
zero storm preparation
impact windows are a modern form of hurricane defense that will never let you down. you can have peace in your mind knowing they’ve been prepared for anything and everything, even when mother nature herself seems determined to wreak havoc in fort lauderdale.
immediate defense
impact windows are the ultimate in security. they’re more than capable of holding their own against anything, even debris and storm conditions that could otherwise allow burglars or intruders access into your home! all year round you can enjoy added protection across every room in which has an impact window- from inside as well as outside threats such as rainstorms with high winds.
energy efficiency
window leaks can cost you money! and with traditional builder’s windows, it only gets worse over time. the gas in these panes will dissipate which allows heat into your home during summer months and cold through winter- forcing an hvac system to work harder.
impact windows are a great way to keep your house warm during winter and cool in summer. they act as an insulator for the rest of your home, drastically reducing energy loss! as they’re made with heavy-duty glass that creates a barrier against heat gain or loss – helping you save money on monthly utility bills.
noise reduction
impact windows are a great way to reduce noise levels in your home or office, so you can avoid things such as dogs barking and passing traffic. in addition, impact windows typically have thicker glass which helps block out the sounds that may come through from outside making it an effective solution for those who want fewer distractions while they work.
uv protection
impact windows are an excellent choice for protecting your home from the sun’s harmful rays. not only does this type of glass filter out uv light, but it also helps keep rooms cool during hot summer months by preventing heat gain!
if you’re looking to upgrade your fort lauderdale home, look no further than broward impact’s high-quality impact windows! to learn more about how we can assist, contact us today online or give us a call at (954) 922-0606.






get your free in-home estimate!don't wait for the next hurricane to protect your home. the best time is now... 

call now   954.922.0606schedule your free in-home estimate 














broward impact window & door upgrade your home or business with front door replacement services by broward impact window! whether updating your home or business, our door and window replacement specialists are dedicated to delivering high-quality products and services with a friendly smile and attention to detail.
 hurricane impact windows & doors provider © 2025 broward impact windows & doors, all rights reserved.
 


sitemapservices
gallery
location
financing
company
news
 
broward impact window & door1954 tigertail blvd dania beach, fl 33004  | direction954-922-0606sales@browardimpact.comlicense cgc 1514968follow usbrowardimpactbrowardimpact 
hurricane impact windows & doors provider © 2025 broward impact windows & doors, all rights reserved.
custom website design by 561 media 




back to top



x

get your free in-home estimate!
don’t wait for the next hurricane to protect your home. the best time is now…



"*" indicates required fields

first name* last name* city* zip code* phone number*email address*

commentscaptcha
 free in-home estimate 








δ



your information will be kept confidential and will not be shared with any third party.



 









































