     chevrolet dealer in woodbridge, va | used cars woodbridge | lindsay chevrolet                           

                                    















lindsay chevrolet






sales
703-763-0945



service
703-650-9446

parts
703-650-9870

body shop
703-688-3861 

15605 richmond hwy
woodbridge, va 22191
                  
 






service







map







contact





















lindsay chevrolet

 


      call 703-763-0945   directions    

                  new   search new   schedule test drive   quick quote   value your trade   find my car   my chevrolet rewards   order a vehicle   shop click drive   search evs     ev world   ev world   test drive chevy ev   chevrolet blazer ev   chevrolet equinox ev   chevrolet silverado ev     lifted trucks    american luxury   sca performance lifted trucks   rocky ridge     used   search used   vehicles under 20k   certified pre-owned vehicles   carfax 1 owner   schedule test drive   quick quote   find my car   value your trade   chevrolet special offers   certified pre-owned     specials   specials of the week   pre-owned specials   service & parts specials   vehicle upgrade program   parts warranty   gm service & parts specials     service & parts   service & parts   schedule service    order parts   chevrolet accessories   bg service videos   oil change   brake service & repair   ac service & repair   certified service    service & parts buy now, pay later   collision & body shop   gm accessories   tire finder   order parts online     collision center   lindsay chevrolet collision center   collision center     finance   get pre-approved   finance department   bad credit auto loans   chevrolet protection     about us   our dealership   contact us   meet our staff   happy customers   leave us a review   download our mobile app   employment   value your trade   covid-19 response: lindsay to you   career technicians   dealer information     owners   my chevy rewards   onstar   gm rewards     research   research   chevy accessibility     hours & directions                    home   new   search new   schedule test drive   quick quote   value your trade   find my car   my chevrolet rewards   order a vehicle   shop click drive   search evs     ev world   ev world   test drive chevy ev   chevrolet blazer ev   chevrolet equinox ev   chevrolet silverado ev     lifted trucks    american luxury   sca performance lifted trucks   rocky ridge     used   search used   vehicles under 20k   certified pre-owned vehicles   carfax 1 owner   schedule test drive   quick quote   find my car   value your trade   chevrolet special offers   certified pre-owned     specials   specials of the week   pre-owned specials   service & parts specials   vehicle upgrade program   parts warranty   gm service & parts specials     service & parts   service & parts   schedule service    order parts   chevrolet accessories   bg service videos   oil change   brake service & repair   ac service & repair   certified service    service & parts buy now, pay later   collision & body shop   gm accessories   tire finder   order parts online     collision center   lindsay chevrolet collision center   collision center     finance   get pre-approved   finance department   bad credit auto loans   chevrolet protection     about us   our dealership   contact us   meet our staff   happy customers   leave us a review   download our mobile app   employment   value your trade   covid-19 response: lindsay to you   career technicians   dealer information     owners   my chevy rewards   onstar   gm rewards     research   research   chevy accessibility     hours & directions          










     428 vehicles available   filter your search   basic search advanced search search by stock   basic advanced by stock      new used certified    any year  any make  any model search     new used certified    any year  any make  any model  any body style  any price search     new used      search       
inventory search
inventory search






      important information          important information          important information          important information          important information          important information          important information          important information          important information          important information                                                           







shop new inventory
view inventory










shop used inventory
view inventory




      search new inventory     search used inventory        








finance
fill out our online credit application.




get pre-approved












service
schedule your next appointment today.




schedule service












shop ev's
explore our ev inventory.




shop ev's












parts
oem parts for your vehicle.




shop now












service specials
take a look at our special service offers.




view specials






     
    explore the chevrolet lineup  see our full lineup of vehicles and find the one that best fits you.      malibu      camaro      corvette      trax      equinox      trailblazer      blazer      traverse      tahoe      suburban      colorado      silverado 1500      silverado 2500hd      silverado 3500hd      express     explore all new inventory   
     


        welcome  buy your next car from lindsay chevrolet as the sole winner of gm's "mark of excellence" in virginia, lindsay chevrolet in woodbridge offers the best automotive experience you'll find anywhere. we invite all springfield and alexandria, va chevrolet enthusiasts to come down and check out our huge inventory. if you have any questions regarding the vehicles and woodbridge, va chevrolet services we offer, please give us a call at (844) 716-8845 or send us an e-mail. alexandria chevrolet buyers, we look forward to working with you at lindsay chevrolet.   more about us                


 15605 richmond hwy, woodbridge, va 22191





hours
    sales hours         monday 9:00am - 9:00pm    tuesday 9:00am - 9:00pm    wednesday 9:00am - 9:00pm    thursday 9:00am - 9:00pm    friday 9:00am - 9:00pm    saturday 9:00am - 8:00pm     sunday 12:00pm - 7:00pm         service hours         monday 7:00am - 7:00pm    tuesday 7:00am - 7:00pm    wednesday 7:00am - 7:00pm    thursday 7:00am - 7:00pm    friday 7:00am - 7:00pm    saturday 8:00am - 4:00pm     sunday closed         parts hours         monday 7:00am - 7:00pm    tuesday 7:00am - 7:00pm    wednesday 7:00am - 7:00pm    thursday 7:00am - 7:00pm    friday 7:00am - 7:00pm    saturday 8:00am - 4:00pm     sunday closed        



follow


                  


               buy your next car from lindsay chevrolet
shopping for a new vehicle can be a daunting task. going from one dealership to the next and talking to salesperson after salesperson might not be your idea of a fun weekend. if this is the case, come in and see us at lindsay chevrolet first. we work hard to ensure your car shopping experience is enjoyable and hassle-free. that's why our customers keep coming back to see us for all their vehicle needs.


customer satisfaction
when you drive away from lindsay chevrolet in your new vehicle, we want you to be 100% satisfied. the team at our dealership always goes the extra mile to ensure our customers are treated right, and we do our best to provide you with the best deals in town. because our dealership does such a high volume of sales, thanks to our loyal customer base, we can provide the community with some of the lowest prices around. not only do we provide great deals, but we also offer free wi-fi to our customers while they're waiting.
our goal is to have you in and out as quickly as possible because we know you're busy, but if you do have to wait for any reason, you'll be able to enjoy our free hot popcorn, along with a cold beverage from our high-tech soda fountain. fancy coffee is also available for those who need a pick-me-up. this is just one more example of how we go the extra mile for our customers.


our great services
aside from providing our customers with awesome deals and vehicles that carry the trusted chevrolet name, lindsay chevrolet helps customers with all their financing needs right here. we also have a service department that can take care of all your car's maintenance. this makes us a one-stop shop for your vehicle needs.
our finance team is well-versed in working with loan providers, and they'll ensure you get a car loan you can live with. you can easily fill out the loan application online to get the process started. when you've found a car you love, head to the dealership to finish up the process in person. working with a member of our finance team will help the car buying process go smoothly, and we always do our best to get you on the road as quickly as possible.
routine maintenance is just part of vehicle ownership. that's why you'll find a modern service department and gm certified and trained technicians here at lindsay chevrolet. using the right tools and knowledge, they'll keep your vehicle running its best.


wide selection of vehicles
no matter what type of vehicle you're in the market for or what your budget is, you'll find something you love when you shop with us. are you searching for the perfect family suv? check out the tahoe with its spacious interior and powerful engine. have you always wanted to drive a stylish coupe? we have a nice selection of camaro models that appeal to a variety of drivers. some of our other popular models include the traverse, the equinox, and the colorado just to name a few.
                copyright © 2025 by dealeron | sitemap | privacy | lindsay chevrolet | 15605 richmond hwy, woodbridge, va 22191 | sales: 703-763-0945             



















                            