






kirchner corporation since 1902 – "a century of trust.. a lifetime of quality"

























skip to content



 




kirchner corporation since 1902
"a century of trust.. a lifetime of quality"







    menu
home
diamonds
custom
about
contact

  scroll down to content












home



kirchner corporation prides itself as a design and contract manufacturer of high quality jewelry, while also professionally representing some of the worlds finest jewelry lines. we call the midwest “home” and have continuously served this area since 1902. perhaps you are in the market for a new look, need to restock some of your favorites or need help with a concept piece of jewelry.  whatever the case, it would be our honor to serve you~











diamonds



we are “primarily” focused in buying larger diamonds of the purest color and clarity as they are often undervalued  (what traditional sources will pay for them in the us) when compared to other global markets.  for generations we have partnered with an international diamond trading company, headquartered in antwerp belgium, founded in 1928.  in doing so, we can optimumize cash values typically within just a few days.
jewelers, estate planners, wealth managers and private parties have used our service, which can quickly turn non-liquid but valuable assets into cash for other purposes. to submit details and learn more: diamond jim corp











about


you might ask… where does our compass point?  we desire to serve you with excellence… and point others to the god that loves us.  jn 3:16
our vision has changed somewhat over the years however, our goal to provide high quality, meaningful products with exceptional service has not changed since 1902.
today these goals show through in every aspect of our business. while focused on the future, we will never forget the importance of our past.











custom



with our lead designer for over 30 years we can render sketches, produce cad design work, mill options to touch, feel and personalize.  if your need is for a single item or a production run we can help.
the “third image” is of a wax – rough casting – finished and rhodium plated “mother & child” (r) pendant by janel russell.  we’ve been a partner on the product since 1981.  we’ve also been recognized thru the years by the trademarks kaynar, two become one, mother & child, father & child, circle of life, son’s ring, daughter’s ring, heartfelt love, etc.











contact


we value and celebrate long term relationships that are built on trust, excellence and mutual success.  we’re excited to start new relationships each day and look forward to working with you soon.











find us – call us – email us address by appointment1001 twelve oaks center suite #1000  wayzata, mn 55391
map it hoursmonday—friday: 9:00am–5:00pm763-546-5440
 

“a century of trust… a lifetime of quality” contact us today@ sales@kirchnercorp.com
 


proudly powered by wordpress

































































































































































