




        
    home - the eastern association for the surgery of trauma

        
    













































skip to main content



eastern association for the surgery of trauma


jobs
fellowships
news & events
find a member
search
search
sign in





what can we help you find?

submit







education & resources


annual scientific assembly


practice management guidelines


traumacasts


in the arena podcasts


east monthly literature reviews


east minute


landmark papers in trauma and acute care surgery


injury control and violence prevention


military


quality, safety & outcomes resources 




career development


jobs


fellowships


careercasts


east mentoring


equity, diversity, and inclusion in trauma surgery practice


aast-east-sccpds virtual job fair




research


east multicenter trials


research scholarships & awards


interviews with research scholarship & award recipients


east invest-c "research hackathon"


coalition for national trauma research


research related surveys


research warehouse


research support letter requests




development fund


donate to the east development fund


matching gifts


scholarship & award recipients


individual partners


corporate partners


sponsorship opportunities


donor stories


development and fundraising events




scholarships & awards




jobs




news & events




membership


join east


member services


member benefits


renew your membership


member videos


speakers bureau


connect on social media


bylaws, policies & agreements




find a member




about east


history


exempt purpose, mission, vision & goals


leadership & governance


east honorary members


news & events


contact us














advancing science, fostering relationships, and building careers
the eastern association for the surgery of trauma (east) provides a forum for the exchange of knowledge to advance the acute surgical management of the ill and injured patient. more than 3,800 members already participate in east's unique leadership, education, and career development programs. our multidisciplinary membership includes trauma and acute care surgeons, emergency physicians, advanced practice providers,  nurses, and medical students, among many others. join them today!
explore membership








claim cme by february 28th!







watch highlights from the east community outreach event!







update your profile!







catch up on east traumacasts!







listen to the east in the arena podcasts







explore member benefits







read monthly literature reviews







explore fellowship opportunities







find a new opportunity or post a job







read our joint statement







learn how your generosity is changing the future of trauma care















east provides leadership and development for early and mid-career surgeons active in the care of the injured patient.
east provides a variety of educational opportunities from the annual scientific assembly, east's premier educational event, to online education. 
explore educational resources including information about the assembly













start building your professional network.
whether looking for a position or just seeking some advice on your career, east has a variety of resources including a large directory of fellow surgeons.
explore career management resources













increase industry scientific knowledge with practice management guidelines (pmgs).
pmgs feature evidence-based information to increase the scientific knowledge needed to enhance patient and clinical decision-making, improve care quality and promote efficiency.
browse east practice management guidelines.






news

update your east member profile & stay connected! 01/29/2025thank you for making east is going west a massive success! 01/23/2025message from the east president 01/19/2025east members work to improve care of the injured on the island of guam 12/09/2024this giving tuesday, east gave back to our members! 12/03/2024

more news »


events



        mar 18–21
      
mayo clinic trauma and acute care surgery symposium 2025



        apr 27
      
tcaa annual trauma conference
las vegas, nv



        may 15–16
      
acs point counterpoint xlii 2025


more events and deadlines »










a message from president nicole fox, md, mph, facs, cpe
“everybody can be great because anybody can serve.” -dr. martin luther king dear members of the eastern association for the surgery of trauma (east), i returned from tucson, az with renewed excitement for the year ahead. this is not a new feeling for me as the east annual scientific assembly is a respite that i look forward to every yea | read full message




east - the eastern association for the surgery of trauma

633 n. saint clair street, suite 2400, chicago, illinois 60611-3295
(312) 202-5508 phone
(312) 202-5064 fax
managementoffice@east.org


 facebook
 twitter
 linkedin
 instagram
 youtube
 tiktok


copyright © 2025. eastern association for the surgery of trauma. all rights reserved.
privacy statement
terms of use


site by spinutech



















































