









afgs.org





















































 











skip to content



toggle navigationhomeaboutabout usour historyboard of directorsmembershipfaqswhat’s newvisitvisiting afgsgroup visitsholiday closuresserviceswhere to beginlibrarydigital library catalogfamily history center affiliatefilles à marier certificationfilles du roi certificationje me souviensresearchfrench canadian ancestor or vital recordsfilm room request copy serviceobituariessurname variationsdna/geneticsacadian heritagestoreshop our bookstoreexcess book orderssupportcontactmembers onlyloginregistrationforgot passwordjoin afgswoocommerce cart
 





homejoe samra2024-07-31t10:09:26-04:00 
american-french
genealogical societya non-profit genealogical and historical organization dedicated to french canadian research.
we specialize in assisting members in their ancestral search with resources dating to 1600s and beyond.
learn moremembership highlightsafgs members gain access to a wealth of resources and benefits including:• the research library which includes over 20,000 volumes of vital statistics, family genealogies, biographies, reference books, histories, and genealogical journals and publications of regional, national, and international scope.
• a members-only online library with a wealth of vital resources and digital content.
• je me souviens quarterly journal filled with resources for genealogists, member-submitted stories about their research and more.
• individual assistance and training from experienced and highly competent members.
• the research committee, a staff of experienced researchers available for research requests at low member rates.




learn more




join today
membership highlightsafgs members gain access to a wealth of resources and benefits including:• the research library which includes over 20,000 volumes of vital statistics, family genealogies, biographies, reference books, histories, and genealogical journals and publications of regional, national, and international scope.
• a members-only online library with a wealth of vital resources and digital content.
• je me souviens quarterly journal filled with resources for genealogists, member-submitted stories about their research and more.
• individual assistance and training from experienced and highly competent members.
• the research committee, a staff of experienced researchers available for research requests at low member rates.

join today
about usthe american-french genealogical society is dedicated to preserving our french-canadian heritage, connecting generations.our mission is to study and preserve our rich heritage by assisting members in discovering their ancestors and the daily events that shaped their lives.
the american-french genealogical society, formed in february of 1978, is a 501c3 non-profit organization devoted to people of french-canadian descent. canadian immigration into the united states began as early as the seventeenth century, but between 1871 and 1901 the greatest influx of immigrants entered this country. taxation, debts, unemployment, and a failing economic environment contributed to over 2 million french canadians, with shattered dreams, migrating to the u.s. seeking economic refuge.




learn more



our servicespreserving our french-canadian heritageresearch library
the afgs library has vast resources which include over 20,000 volumes of books, microfilm and cd records, and computers to research records.
learn moreafgs membership
members of the afgs are eligible for many benefits, including a members-only website and access to our research library.
learn moreonline store
you may purchase our many books, publications, charts, ornaments and other products for sale through our secure online store.
learn more



 
 
become an afgs memberlearn morejoin now
78 earle street woonsocket, ri 02895

mail to: p.o. box 830 woonsocket, ri 02895

401.765.6141

info@afgs.org
abouttoggle navigationabout usour historyboard of directorsmembershipforgot passwordsupport usstorefamily history center affiliatefaqsprivacy policyservicestoggle navigationwhere to beginlibraryfilles à marier certificationfilles du roi certificationje me souviensresearchtoggle navigationresearchfrench canadian ancestor or vital recordsfilm room request copy serviceobituariesdna/geneticssurname variationsacadian heritagecontacttoggle navigationvisiting afgsgroup visitsholiday closurescontactmemberstoggle navigationmember loginmember registrationforgot passwordⓒ 2025 american-french genealogical society


 
 
page load link

 
 













go to top




