




















home - gama


















































skip to content





						homepage:
				    
us
eu-en
eu-fr
eu-de
cn



 










member login
logout
for the media
contact
 



search for:



 









search for:



 
member login
logout
for the media
contact
 
about gama

membership
2025 executive committee
member companies
committees
staff
office locations


data & publications

publications
consensus standards
aircraft shipments
annual data


opportunities in ga

aviation design challenge
internship & career opportunities
aviation job board
learn to fly
scholarships


propelled by purpose
issues

aircraft certification reform
brexit
electric aircraft and increased automation
equip for the future
european ga & business aviation maintenance
european ga data
proportionality for european ga


news

press releases
press release signup
general aviation jobs rallies


resources

aviation authorities
letters
no plane no gain
testimony and speeches
videos
webinar program


 










news & events 


																								2025 state of the industry press conference																									

watch the live stream of our annual state of the industry press conference, starting at 1:00 pm et on wednesday february 19th. during the press conference we will announce he 2024 year-end general aviation aircraft shipment and billing data and provide updates on the issues important to general aviation.










data & publications


																								2024 third quarter shipments and billings report																									

gama's 2024 third quarter shipment report showed increased deliveries across the piston airplane, business jet and turbine helicopter segments, when compared to the same period in 2023. 










opportunities in ga


																								aviation design challenge 																									

registration is now open for the 2025 gama aviation design challenge, which provides a great opportunity for students to learn about the dynamics of flight, the mechanics of creating aircraft and the exciting career opportunities available in general aviation. 










opportunities in ga


																								apply for general aviation jobs																									

check out our aviation job board for exciting opportunities in the general aviation industry!










videos


																								general aviation jobs video series																									

click above to watch our video series about working in the general aviation industry, including how you can get a job and the growth opportunities for your career. 










about gama
the general aviation manufacturers association (gama) exists to foster and advance the general welfare, safety, interests, and activities of the global business and general aviation industry. this includes promoting a better understanding of general aviation manufacturing, maintenance, repair, and overhaul and the important role these industry segments play in economic growth and opportunity, and in serving the critical transportation needs of communities, companies, and individuals worldwide.
more about gama









latest news
 



											reminder: gama to host 2025 state of the industry press conference											read more






											understanding the leadership position of u.s. aviation manufacturing											read more


all news stories

all news stories



ga facts & statistics

in the u.s., general aviation flies over 24 million hours, of which two-thirds are for business purposes.
general aviation supports $247 billion in total economic output and 1.2 million total jobs in the united states.


more ga facts & statistics









global reach
gama has members throughout the world, including in the united states, australia, brazil, canada, china, europe, and the middle east.

 
view member list












 general aviation manufacturers association
washington dc
1400 k street nw, suite 801
    washington, dc 20005-2485, usa
    phone: +1 (202) 393-1500
    fax: +1 (202) 842-4063
brussels
rue de la loi 67
   1040 brussels
   belgium
   phone: +32 (0)2 210 52 90
   twitter: @gama_eur

 

gama on social media



		recently, textron inc. aviation delivered the first cessna 408f skycourier to a customer outside the u.s., with canada-based air bravo receiving the twin-engine freighter. the aircraft features a red and black livery and will support air bravo’s cargo operations alongside its pilatus pc-12 fleet. ceo rick horwath praised the skycourier’s spacious cockpit, ease of operation, and user-friendly avionics. the delivery follows transport canada’s recent certification of the model, further expanding its presence in north america.			
... see moresee less


view on facebook

·
share



share on facebook



share on twitter



share on linked in



share by email








		pipistrel has successfully completed the first hover flight of its nuuva v300, a hybrid-electric vtol uncrewed aircraft, marking the beginning of its flight test program. announced on january 31 by textron eaviation, the milestone took place at pipistrel’s base in gorizia, italy. a second prototype will soon join the program to further test the aircraft’s capabilities, which include carrying a 600-pound payload over a 300-nautical-mile range from both paved and unpaved surfaces. with over 100 cubic feet of cargo space, the v300 can accommodate three standard pallets or other freight for various logistics missions.designed for autonomous operation, the v300 features an electric propulsion system with separate units for vertical and cruise flight, powered by in-house battery technology. remote pilots will monitor operations via textron systems’ advanced control technology, enabling “point-and-click” autonomous flight. the aircraft transitions from vertical to horizontal flight on its wings, following programmed flight paths using honeywell’s triple-redundant fly-by-wire system. beyond logistics, the v300 is expected to support commercial and defense missions such as disaster relief, search and rescue, and ship-to-shore deliveries. pipistrel is also contributing to textron’s broader evtol initiatives, including the nexus four-passenger aircraft and hydrogen-powered aviation projects.			
... see moresee less


view on facebook

·
share



share on facebook



share on twitter



share on linked in



share by email





 

join our mailing list


sign up 

follow gama
















© copyright 2025 general aviation manufacturers association
gama exists to foster and advance the general welfare, safety, interests, and activities of the global business and general aviation industry. this includes promoting a better understanding of general aviation manufacturing, maintenance, repair, and overhaul and the important role these industry segments play in economic growth and opportunity, and in serving the critical transportation needs of communities, companies, and individuals worldwide.


privacy policy

























we use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. if you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.accept




