


atlantic city region tourism









atlantic city 
                tourism

































atlantic city is located on 
			the coast of new jersey, a mid-atlantic state in the northeastern 
			portion of the u.s. the city lies along the atlantic ocean on new 
			jersey's absecon island. atlantic city has a long and colorful 
			history, and has been a popular tourist destination since the late 
			1800s. 

			before the europeans arrived, absecon island was occupied by the 
			lenni-lenape indians. in the early 1850s the railroad was brought to 
			the area opening the way for many people to travel to this 
			destination to visit "the shore." atlantic city was incorporated on 
			may 1, 1854. one of the people responsible for building the railroad 
			was richard osborne who was a civil engineer from philadelphia. he 
			is also the man who is credited with giving atlantic city its name. 
			osborne's friend and partner, dr. johnathan pitney, who lived in 
			absecon, chose the placement and names of the streets. streets 
			running parallel to the ocean are named after oceans and the 
			east/west running streets are named after states in the u.s. as 
			atlantic city began to become more and more popular, rooming houses 
			and hotels began springing up all over to accommodate the influx of 
                visitors. 

uk short term car insurance
 short term car insurance is now easy to buy in the uk and you can get policies for anywhere between one day and four weeks. this uk temporary car insurance website specialises in policies for two or three days car insurance.


the problem of sand continually being tracked into the hotels, 
			restaurants, stores and onto the railroad cars was solved by a 
			conductor of the atlantic city-camden railroad by the name of 
			alexander boardman, along with a hotel owner by the name of jacob 
			keim. they came up with the idea of a wooden walkway and presented 
			their idea to city council in 1870. the boardwalk was then built to 
			be eight feet wide and about one mile long, leading from the beach 
			into the town. it was built into sections so that the pieces could 
			be removed and stored at the end of every summer, and after about 10 
			years, a larger boardwalk was built. today, the boardwalk is 
			permanent. it's 60 feet wide and six miles long. the planks are laid 
			on concrete and steel in a herringbone pattern, and on the beach 
			side of the boardwalk there are steel railings to keep people from 
			falling off into the sand.

			in 1976, the casino gambling referendum was passed paving the way 
			for legalized gambling in atlantic city. in 1978, the first casino, 
			called resorts casino hotel, was opened. as of 2013, there are 11 
			gambling casinos in atlantic city where you can play poker, slots, 
			roulette, blackjack, keno, craps, baccarat and more. 

			atlantic city has grown, developed and flourished, and for many 
			years it has been a favorite place to go to relax and/or to be 
			entertained. there have been, and still are, an abundance of indoor 
			and outdoor attractions and activities to enjoy both day and night. 
			today, more than 30 million people from around the globe visit 
                atlantic city every year.  
copyright friends 
                of atlantic city 2013 all rights reserved





