









optionc









































 home
products
service
testimonials
contact
sign-in 
















we have a solution for you
diocese? school? big or small, we have you covered.
                


optionc all-in-one solution
            






aligned with you
we are 100% focused on catholic schools 
                with faith integrated throughout our system to help catechize every user.


optionc faith
            






helping you
easily manage your school or diocese  
                with a superior all-in-one system accessible with just one sign in.


optionc technology
            









our products
optionc offers a suite of versatile products to make your diocese or school run most efficiently. our system was built with input 
      from catholic school personnel, superintendents and pastors across the country. you can rest assured that our data management systems and enhanced 
       product offerings will provide the capabilities you are looking for with your goals in mind!









diocesan management system




optionc's diocesan management system is free to diocesan offices. this unique, all-in-one dms 
                  provides diocesan administrators the necessary tools to efficiently track, assess and manage 
                  catholic schools, re/ccd staff, students and their families across an entire diocese. with "live" 
                  data at your fingertips, optionc's dms system includes the ability to quickly search for contact 
                  information, communicate directly with various audiences, pull required reporting efficiently, 
                  and track student trends. 
unlike other systems,  optionc is the only system in the country that aggregates all diocesan data into one 
                     system. optionc is 100% specific to catholic diocese. it is the only system in the u.s. that integrates the faith to help catechize
                      every user when they log in.   





school management system




optionc's school management system provides schools across the country with features that benefit principals, 
                  administrators, teachers and parents. the optionc student management system is much more than a typical grade book system.
                   we also offer customized diocesan report cards, more than 150 pre-generated and automated reports, including the official 
                   ncea report, state reports and customized diocesan reports. 
our system is 100% cloud based and you and your families 
                   can access the system from home, school, office and mobile device. we offer secure logins and data is backed up daily. with our family site, 
                   families can log in anytime to see how their child is doing with assignments, grades, attendance and more. 
                   parents can also check tuition status in real-time. 
unlike other systems, optionc is 100% specific to catholic schools with features such as online mass card requests, sacrament tracking,
                    biblical references, staff prayer and intention discussion boards, links to the vatican and catholic news services, religious
                     website templates, live streaming audio for catholic radio and catholic saint of the day. 
optionc can also work with you to create customized diocesan and state reports. most importantly, by combining our school management system 
                    with our parent alert system, you can access everything with just one log-in.






parent alert system (pas)




optionc's parent alert system is a flexible notification system that lets your audiences - parents, principals, and school 
                  staff - communicate quickly and reliably. users can decide how they want to be reached, either by voice, text or email, or any 
                  combination. from weather-related closings and schedule changes, to fundraising event reminders and everything in between, the 
                  possibilities are endless with the parent alert system.






catholic content




optionc's catholic content module was built to help catholic schools replace non-secular learning materials with those that integrate 
                  the catholic faith. this subscription-based service helps catholic schools and religious education programs deliver an enhanced, 
                  catholic-based curriculum. with more than 1,000  high-quality and faith-based learning resources, catholic content is designed to 
                  catechize school and religious education staff, students and parents, so that they continue to grow in the catholic faith. 
there is no other single source for catholic content available to prek-8 schools in the u.s. many catholic schools continue to use 
                secular or public school material without any reference to the catholic faith. optionc's library of content helps teach students to read, 
                write and think while also learning about their faith. catholic content can be purchased as a diocesan-wide solution or by individual 
                schools/re programs. the catholic content module is fully-integrated in the optionc school management system making it easy for teachers 
                to view the content in the same login as they create their lesson plans or add homework. only through learning the faith are schools 
                ultimately going to increase enrollment. let our catholic content help!












our service
it doesn't end with the sale



implementation
switching from another system?no problem. send us your data and we will get you started.



training
we get you trained, so when the school year begins you are ready to go! 
          in person or online, we have you covered.
          



support
our phone and email support teams are based right here in the u.s. you can't beat that!  



development
our tech team works closely with you to develop features to meet your specific school or diocesan needs.








customer testimonials
they love us.  you will too!





              i have been in the education business for nearly 40
                            years now and have not experienced the expertise in service, and product, that i
                            am now enjoying with optionc.
            
st. edward catholic school, diocese of peoria



              you helped solve our issues with parent communication related to grading and allowed us to tailor our report cards to illustrate student progress.
            
saint andrew school, archdiocese of chicago



              thanks so much for the help, i really appreciate it.  we love optionc.
            
mother teresa catholic elementary school, archdiocese of cincinnati



              optionc is an excellent tool for your marketing and catholic identity needs.  i have been interacting with the system since its inception into our school's mission and wouldn't consider exploring other avenues.
            
st. mary catholic school - new richmond, diocese of superior



              optionc has been a blessing to our school. the customer service is outstanding...no question is too small or too big. my teachers are excited to have an easy program to use for lesson planning, attendance, and grading. our parents are thrilled to have access to their children's assignments and grades as well as their tuition accounts. happy teachers and parents make for happy administration! we participated in a magazine drive with optionc. it was very easy to do. we were encouraged by our school's profits from the drive and the students were excited by the incentives to participate. as principal, i highly recommend optionc to other school administrators!
            
st. athanasius school, archdiocese of philadelphia




















about us
founded in 2004, optionc works exclusively with catholic dioceses and catholic schools to teach and reinforce the faith using state-of-the-art technology. 
optionc provides essential tools that enable teachers and administrators to deliver outstanding catholic education, and students and parents to monitor and engage in the educational process, supporting all in strong daily witness to their catholic faith.




contact

            phone: (855) 822-8418
            fax: (585) 486-1875













copyright 2025 optionc inc. all rights reserved. privacy policy.





 






























