


the official website of koren specific technique








































































  			click here for 
			koren specific technique products
































koren specific technique
mar 1st - 2nd, 2025
spartanburg




seminar in the sun 2025
mar 8th - 15th, 2025
club med,turks and caicos




koren specific technique
may 31st - jun 1st, 2025
kansas city




koren specific technique
jul 5th - 6th, 2025
london (gatwick), uk




koren specific technique
sep 6th - 7th, 2025
detroit




koren specific technique
oct 18th - 19th, 2025
philadelphia




koren specific technique
nov 8th - 9th, 2025
phoenix








kst is a healing protocol used to locate and correct/release  areas of blockage, distortion, subluxation, interference, stagnation and other  stresses in the body and body/mind that are often missed by most healthcare  professionals.

  kst is used to improve body  function, promote natural healing, release physical and emotional stresses and  works well with any healing art. click here to read case studies.

  kst may be used to locate and  address areas that need attention such as meridians, acupuncture points,  trigger points, energy "cysts", emotional issues, allergies, phobias, addictions,  bad habits, toxicity, structural imbalances, visceral stresses, disc problems  and much more. such issues can often be  corrected easily and quickly to improve body function.

  healthcare professionals from many  different disciplines are using kst to improve their effectiveness. that includes  doctors of chiropractic, practitioners of traditional chinese medicine, acupuncturists,  doctors of osteopathy, dentists, doctors of naturopathy, craniosacral  therapists, massage therapists, body workers of all kinds, medical doctors and  others to find areas of stress, interference, etc. they had missed in the past. 

  (the application  of correction procedures is, of course, dependent upon and limited to the individual's  knowledge and legal permission [licenses, etc.] to work on others.) 

kst practitioners often report that in addition to improved clinical  results, patient retention increases as practice satisfaction and excitement  grow.

  everyone is different – healing is  non-linear – patient uniqueness needs to be respected; that is one of the most  powerful features of kst.  instead of  relying upon a limited mechanistic or intellectual model of care, kst  approaches every patient in a unique, vitalistic, non-linear manner. 

  as an added benefit  with kst you can work on yourself. 

in our experience, kst is best learned by  taking advantage of our home study course plus live seminar package. for more information please call 800.537.3001 or email  us at info@korenspecifictechnique.com. our home study includes a personal  mentor. at live seminars mentors often work with students on their personal  health issues. 
click here to learn how kst was discovered.

  when i began  to apply kst to chiropractic care, doctors told me that one kst session is  equal to 100 regular chiropractic visits. but even 100 visits won't locate  many of the areas we address with kst. other professionals told similar  stories.

with kst you'll be able to do all this:

quickly and easily analyze       and address the body and body/mind for subluxations, distortions,       blockages, interferences, imbalances, deep hidden physical and emotional       stress that may have been carried around since birth or old trauma. 
soft tissues including discs can       be addressed.
immediately       know if the blockage or interference etc. was corrected.
kst is gentle and low force. no       "cracking" or "twisting" patients. save your hands, arms,       shoulders, etc. you don't need to hurt yourself while helping others.
address the patient in the posture       they need correcting in: standing, sitting, lying and in position of       injury.
locate and release anxiety or       panic (fight/flight) patterns among others.
see results in your most difficult       patients.
see dramatic retracing – old       symptoms releasing - a true measure of healing.
gentle enough to use on everyone –       infants to the very elderly.
yes, you can specifically work on yourself.

you'll know exactly where to correct  (without x-rays, computers, mri or other analytical equipment); you cannot  over-correct.

  you'll often see dramatic changes from  the first visit including immediate postural changes. 

  i knew this technique was powerful when  i saw dramatic retracing in patients – old mental and physical stresses were  being released.

additional benefits:

this is a standalone technique – but       you can use it with other techniques if you wish.
there is no guess work –  you will know where, when and when not       to correct.
it's easy to learn.
yes, you really can specifically       analyze and correct yourself.

it's easy to learn and  implement into your practice right away – attend a seminar or start with the  home study and you'll be getting results you never dreamed possible.
  















  copyright © 2025 koren publications














