



implant dentist in west nyack | west nyack dental specialist | west nyack cosmetic dentist











































  

  2 locations available find your nearest location 
new patients call: (646) 462-4400









skip navigation

about us 

our nyc office
our west nyack office
our staff


testimonials
services

dental implants
initial oral examination
crowns and caps
bridges and dentures
veneers
teeth whitening
invisalign
teeth-in-a-day
tmj


new patients
promotions
dental health

oral health care and prevention

 the preventive program
brushing
flossing
 fluoride treatments
 sealants
treating bad breath 


diseases of the oral cavity

 tooth decay
 periodontal (gum) disease
 oral cancer
 tmj problems
 malocclusion 


restoring decayed teeth

 amalgam fillings 
 composite fillings 
 root canal therapy 
 crowns and caps 


restoring periodontally involved teeth

 non-surgical treatments 
 periodontal surgery 
 crown lengthening 
 soft tissue grafts 
 periodontal therapy 


replacing missing teeth

 removable bridges
 fixed bridges
 implants 


cosmetic dentistry

 bonding
 bleaching
 veneers
 ceramic crowns 


dental emergencies

 toothaches 
 traumatic injuries 




media 

smile gallery
dental videos
article library


appointments
contact














   

dental implants / veneers
learn more >> 

   

bridges & dentures
learn more >> 

   

teeth whitening
learn more >> 

   

clear retainers to straighten your teeth
learn more >> 

   

cosmetic dentistry
learn more >> 













welcome to cosmetic & implant dental associates

welcome to cosmetic & implant dental associates, the dental office of drs. douglas magner and anne magner. with offices in manhattan and west nyack, we have been dedicated to providing the finest dental care for over 30 years. exemplary patient care, outstanding aesthetic results, compassion and integrity are the cornerstones of our dental practice. incorporating the latest technology, our state-of-the-art practice specializes in implantology, cosmetic dentistry, periodontics, orthodontics and prosthodontics.
your visits with us are all about you, your happiness, your comfort and your dental health. our patients expect and receive the finest care with a gentle touch each and every time they see us. the more you know, the better equipped you are to make wise decisions about your health care. among our most important functions is to educate our patients as to their treatment options. we invite you to contact our office to learn more about achieving the smile of your dreams.

some of the services that we provide include:

initial oral examination
crowns & caps
bridges & dentures
veneers
teeth whitening 
invisalign
dental implants
teeth-in-a-day™





see all video testimonials

we understand that getting dental care can have financial considerations. that is why we work with many insurance plans, accept credit cards, and offer flexible financing options. we encourage you to browse through our website for more information and to contact us with any additional questions or to schedule an appointment to begin care. 
 







 nyc office location




our nyc office is located at 18 east 48th street, ste 1602, new york, ny 10017
get directions 



nyc office hours

monday:
10:00am - 6:30pm


thursday:
10:00am - 6:30pm


friday:
10:00am - 6:00pm


   



 west nyack office location




our west nyack office is located at 384 strawtown rd
            west nyack, ny 10994
get directions 



west nyack office hours

wednesday:
9:00am - 7:00pm


   






  

     



nyc: (212) 223-3800
west nyack: (845) 353-3816
new patients call: (646) 462-4400
request an appointment 










accessibility policy | privacy policy | terms and conditions
18 east 48th street, ste 1602, new york, ny 10017
384 strawtown rd, west nyack, ny 10994 
dentist website design
the medical information on this site is provided as an information resource only, and is not to be used or relied on for any diagnostic or treatment purposes. this information is not intended to be patient education, does not create any patient-physician relationship, and should not be used as a substitute for professional diagnosis and treatment. please consult your health care provider, or contact cosmetic and implant dental associates for an appointment, at 212 2233800 before making any healthcare decisions or for guidance about a specific medical condition.
implant dentist in west nyack | west nyack dental specialist | west nyack cosmetic dentist

























