







mickaboo | don't breed, don't buy ...adopt a rescued bird!

















 

about uscontact us
mickaboo's leaders
newsletters
news and humor
policies and financials

see our birds
how to adopt or foster
how to helpdonate
volunteer
become a mickaboo angel
buy from our retail sponsors

classes
events
resourceslost & found birds
behaviorbiting
clipping wings
feather plucking
reading bird body language
screaming
taming and training cockatiels
winning a bird's trust

dieteating problems
foraging for fun and health
pellets
veggie and grain mix recipe

environment
healthemergency veterinarians
avian veterinarians
bathing & temperature
bird seizures, what to do
breeding
clipping wings
discouraging egg-laying
emergency care
poopology, reading the papers
psittacosis
quarantine
symptoms of illness
visually sexing a cockatiel

rehoming, rescues & moving
safety
tributes

shop
 











welcome!



 
10/27/2024: below is a recording of our latest virtual adoption fair.   our youtube channel has all of our recorded virtual adoption fairs, bird nutrition videos, and more here.



7/18/2024: a huge thank you to everyone who supported our summer 2024 auction & fundraiser!  as of now, we have raised over $20,000!  our 450+ rescue birds and all of our volunteers can't thank you enough! and our gratitude to those who donated auction items - see their names and links here.

1/12/2024: mickaboo will be at the fri 1/12 and sat 1/13 screenings of the new 4k digitally remastered wild parrots of telegraph hill movie at the roxie - along with mark bittner and judy irving, we can't wait to see you there! q&a after the movie on friday and saturday.  get your wild parrot merch at our online store!  a portion of all sales pays for the telegraph hill flock's veterinary needs.


4/3/2023: the wild parrots of telegraph hill won the contest to become the (unofficial) official animal of san francisco!
the san francisco chronicle ran a contest to name the (unofficial) official animal of san francisco.  mickaboo companion bird rescue put its support behind the wild parrots, to raise awareness of the rat poison challenge the parrots face in their san francisco environment. mickaboo is the primary organization providing support for sick and injured members of the wild flock - would you help us with a small donation?  thanks to your collective generosity, we raised over $8000, enough to care for the wild flock members in our care for about 12 days.  what generosity!  our volunteers and birds can't thank you enough.

3/24/2023: welcome to mickaboo! if you found us via the totalsf podcast episode about the wild parrots, you might like this recent talk we gave about the wild parrots (featuring joey, again!) and also our past interviews with mark bittner and separately with judy irving. subscribe to our youtube channel! you can also check out this research paper published with our support for the testing developed to prove the sick wild parrots are suffering from bromethalin toxicosis. please, don't use rat poison in san francisco (or anywhere)!. feel free to volunteer, foster, donate, take our free bird care class and join our community, we'd love to have you!

8/17/2022: budgie sos! mickaboo is facing an overwhelming number of surrenders of budgies and we need more foster homes for budgies urgently! if you can help and you are already approved to adopt or foster with us, please contact our parakeet coordinator team. if you are new to mickaboo and want to help, please use our contact form to get started today! 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

4/21/2022: michelle yesney stepped down as mickaboo's ceo after 18 years of service. michelle intends to stay active with mickaboo as an experienced advisor and board member - and of course, she’ll be keeping her commitments to her current foster birds. see more details here.

mickaboo is a registered 501(c)3 nonprofit organization (tax id #94-3286344) based in the greater san francisco bay area. mickaboo is an all-volunteer virtual organization, meaning we are a network of volunteers with no central physical location. our basic goal is to rescue parrots and other commonly domesticated companion birds who have been neglected, abused, injured or surrendered to us because their owners can no longer care for them. to accomplish this goal, we do the following:

provide medical care and safe, healthy, foster homes for the rescued birds we take in.
take in and rehabilitate injured or sick conures from the san francisco "wild parrots of telegraph hill” flock.
find and educate quality adoptive homes for the birds in our foster care
inform avian caregivers on the most current standards of care via our free classes, online resources, and consultations.
educate the public about the tragedies of overpopulation, and encourage them to adopt, not buy or breed birds.

mickaboo is always looking for energetic, responsible volunteers to become foster parents and to help us rescue 300 to 400 birds every year, including helping with administration, education, fostering, public relations, technical support, and even simple one-day tasks such as bird and cage transport or staffing our adoption fairs.
we gladly accept donations.  over 95% of the financial support we receive goes to providing direct care for our birds.
 

read more about welcome!
 
 

 



 






search form

search 





 
 






















            volunteer. donate. review.
        









            volunteer. donate. review.
        












            volunteer. donate. review.
        












            volunteer. donate. review.
        












            volunteer. donate. review.
        












            volunteer. donate. review.
        









            volunteer. donate. review.
        







volunteer. donate. review.
 




 

comics




 bird toon for february 15, 2025  

 bird toons for february 14, 2025  

 bird toons for february 13, 2025  

 bird toons for february 12, 2025  

 bird toon for february 11, 2025  

 
 








copyright © 2025, 
theme by  devsaran





