



	the source for the sugar-free gourmet | edietshop
















































skip to main content






you are only $75 away from free shipping.




edietshop




800.325.5409





member login


my account





contact us





the source for the sugar-free gourmet






search

















 







low sodium items


sugar free items


mousse mixes


all products



menu







prev
next

find offer code in shopping cart
cakes and brownies that are gluten free and sugar free! learn more
sans sucre brownie mixeslearn more
sans sucre mousse mixeslearn more
sweet n low bakery mixeslearn more




featured items




sweet n' low assorted bakery mixes
learn more






  new! plant based taco! 
learn more






sans sucre bakery mixes
learn more


 





more products






bernard cornbread & muffin mix


$6.25















bernard hi-pro blueberry muffin mix


$5.43















bernard apple cinnamon dietary cake mix


$6.45















calorie control mousse mix - strawberry


$15.00










 
 





calorie control chocolate chip cheesecake mix


$11.12















calorie control instant pudding - banana


$5.80















bernard chicken soup mix base, low sodium


$10.52















bernard red velvet dietary cake mix


$6.30










 
 





bernard crisp topping mix


$6.97




















welcome to edietshop!
for more than 50 years, we have been providing foodservice and institutions with products designed specifically for dietary restrictions. whether individuals need to restrict their intake of sugar, sodium, fat, carbohydrates, cholesterol, or calories, we have delicious and easy-to-prepare alternative products. we bring you only the best quality under our own brand names of bernard®, calorie control®, sans sucre®, and sweet 'n low® as well as the top offerings from other manufacturers. our dietary dessert mixes, protein enhanced products, and drink mixes are top sellers for a reason. each product is easy to prepare and perfect for large feedings at institutions, schools, retirement homes, and more. purchase either a single unit o an entire case to give you more servings per dollar.





testimonials see all





ediet shop was the best decision i ever made! i can't wait to see what other delicious and nutritious diabetic solutions they have in store!"


chris jones

des plaines ,il




 






 









about us
online store
recipes
faqs


edietshop
				p.o. box 1037
				evanston, il 60204-1397
			

phone: 800-325-5409 
fax: 847-869-2170
email: edietshop@edietshop.com


general disclaimer
security & privacy policy
site map










website design and development by americaneagle.com, inc.







close











