










home - terrell chamber of commerce % %






















































  






















skip to content




























 
business directoryabout us welcome from chairman board of directors staff programs of work contact usmember center member application membership benefits newsletter ribbon cuttings resources & links blog member news member job postings member hot deals member loginvisit terrell discover terrell geocaching accommodations attractions & activities bfts museum dining entertainment historic downtown map of historic downtown terrell history shoppingevents calendar of events annual membership luncheon & industrial recognition luncheon kaufman county day board luncheons business mixers coffee at the chamber morning mingle & vib lunch volunteer opportunitiescommunity terrell cash community profile & referral guide leadership kaufman county churches city data city of terrell economic development health care parks & recreation relocation information terrell isdjoinloginshop localterrell jubilee








 






















terrell civic auction - click here 









 
welcome to the terrell chamber of commerce!together we are #connectingterrell


join now


 


 
networking eventstogether we are #connectingterrell


join today!


 


 
simple pleasures & historic treasures

plan your visit


 


 
 
































2024 community profile referral guide









































































providing opportunities, services & advocacy

















our mission
the terrell chamber of commerce is committed to promoting the prosperity of our local businesses and industries by fostering economic growth. we bring the business community together through regular events that help our members connect and thrive.





























































quick links












					directory				








					join				








					events				








					login				








					hot deals				








					jobs				








					member news				








					visit				

















upcoming events 


 










welcome new members
















                                brain connect                            














                                orkin                             














                                afandi diamond and designs                             













                                pretty n' unique tax solutions, llc.                            













                                reese air services                             













                                raquels beauty family salon                             













                                clockwise plumbing                            














                                privé financial                             














                                globe life                             














                                baylor scott & white urgent care plus                            














                                friends of the riter c. hulsey public library                            














                                edward jones lauren lattig, cfp                            














                                the yhwh agency                             














                                jimmy johns                             













                                taqueria calentano terrell                            













                                take 5 oil change                            













                                mercy & son's beauty barber salon                            













                                sour sisters                             














                                mamitas sports cantina                             














                                express employment professionals                             














                                forney messenger                            














                                kids city usa                             














                                frank roberts land team                             














                                emr metal recycling                             






next
previous

















recurring networking events








 
business networking mixerwould you like to host a mixer? contact angie@terrelltexas.com for more information.



learn more


 


 
morning minglemorning mingle is a monthly networking breakfast that allows you the opportunity to network with other professionals. it is held the fourth wednesday of every other month at 7:30 a.m. at the fairfield by marriott (with the exception of november and december).



learn more


 


 
board luncheonour bi-monthly board/membership luncheons provide a recurring platform for our members to engage in networking opportunities. held every two months, these luncheons serve as a crucial forum where our community can receive and share important updates.



learn more


 


 
coffee at the chamberonce a quarter we host a come-and-go networking event at the chamber. we will have coffee and donuts. you can meet and network with other members. and grow your business. bring business cards!



learn more


 





















chamber staff





















angie cooper
president & ceo


















carlton tidwell
terrell economic dev. corp. president


















amy mueller
economic development corp. vice president


















sharon harper
director of marketing & events


















saydee gutierrez
operational coordinator


















bitner hayes
membership engagement specialist


















tori   gray
event coordinator & membership services

















programs of work






















 


read more


 


















 


read more


 


















 


read more


 


















 


read more


 













 












© 2025 terrell chamber of commerce
 | 
site by growthzone












terrell chamber of commerce and convention & visitors bureau













972-563-5703 














1314 w moore ave, terrell, tx 75160 














p.o. box 97, terrell, tx 75160 














subscribe to our newsletter 

















































 © 

 terrell chamber of commerce.  all rights reserved | site by growthzone 








 
scroll to top
















