






all dolled up











all dolled up





 








 
welcome!!
 
this site best viewed with internet explorer or firefox, but supports most browsers.
 
 

tasina
the azone store in north america
for all you japanese doll needstasina


couture doll shops

the one stop doll mall for all your doll needs.






 
this page last updated november 28, 2024.
for those of you who are marx playset collectors, the marx lane aka marxwildwest.com has be restored and now resides on the internet archives digital library.  this is a totally free site.  here is a link to this invaluable resource.
https://web.archive.org/web/20240606022753/https://marxwildwest.com/inventory3.html
 







dollhouses completed


fashion dolls 


paperdolls


cats


dogs


horses


building projects


catsupplies.ca


dogsupplies.ca


all dolled up on facebook


all dolled up blog


links


site map 




for sale updates: august 22, 2016


paperdolls

weeding out my collection, come see what's for sale.
click the for sale sign to see what's for sale.


updates: august 22, 2016


dollhouses

some parts for a western cabin and western town are available.
click the for sale sign to see what's for sale.


updates: august 3, 2016


barbie and family clothing sale

extras and doubles from my collection.
click the for sale sign to see what's for sale.


updates: august 3, 2016

added new page with sears catalogue pages

sears catalogue pages


 
 







 






 



web

www.barbigirl.com


















i just love fashion dolls, paperdolls and tin litho dollhouses and playsets.  i guess i live by our dollhouse listserv motto:  never too late to have a happy childhood! 
  not that my childhood was not a fantastic one, because it was!  i'm just catching up on all the other barbies and dollhouses i never knew existed. 
this site will deal with all aspects of my collecting as well as my dollhouse building projects. there will be a small section for our horses, cats, and dogs.
the dollhouse section is set up like an online reference book.  the fashion doll section is more for fun and includes pics of my dolls and a few scenarios and what i would like to see sections.  the paperdoll section is slowly getting done.  heck, it's hard working full time and building a website too!! wait a minute, i've retired and it's still time consuming building and maintaining a website!!!
hope you find something fun here!! 


this site first published may 19, 2002

get a gostats hit counter
to join our dollhouse yahoo group click the house


questions......contact me!






barbigirl.com  has surpassed the 500,000th visitor!!! 
thanks to everyone for visiting, recommending. and viewing my site!!!




powered by 
 







 




this site is a member of webring. 
            to browse visit  here.




**please note**  i am in no way affiliated, associated or 
    in any 
      other way connected with mattel toys, marx toys, takara 
      toys or any other toy manufacturer whose products appear 
      on this website.  this site is not endorsed by marx 
    or mattel 
      or any other toy company and as such is not an official 
     
      website of any company mentioned here.  any opinions 
      expressed here in the text portions are my own opinions 
      gathered from my research on the products shown. 





