


badanalysis.com market research, design development.













badanalysis.com









home
global trends
design development
target markets
blog













info
news




creating a new exhibition stand concept
get off your old style.




market research
research for your niche, growing with right customer base.




bad exhibition experiences.
bad experience case 1
bad experience case 2
bad experience case 3




contact
email: mail@badanalysis.com









global marketing statistics and trends, global trade information and research
find useful information when targeting global markets

market research is definitely the true secret aspect to secure advantage on the competition. this practice will give you vital information as a way to identify and measure the market requirements, competition and size. these are all factors required for product and having a strategy which benefits both the consumers and also the company. becoming knowledgeable about the most efficient methodologies and practices available in the market is going to be important to build a great product.

information gathered from published data sources regarding the characteristics, lifestyle, buying behaviour of your respective target clients is recognized as secondary data. these data sources could be government reports; information held by chambers of commerce, business libraries or trade associations; newspapers, radio and tv; industry directories; trade publications and magazines etc.

market research could be the methodical gathering, recording, and evaluating of statistics and knowledge providing businesses with the clues about improving marketing decisions. the information collected can be used to spot and outline marketing problems. it helps to get, enhance, and evaluate marketing actions and to monitor marketing performance within a business also it helps to develop our knowledge of marketing as a process. in this competitive economic system quantitative and qualitative information becomes the important element in making decisions so that you can sustain a company or company in the long run.

market research is actually the important thing aspect to secure advantage on your competitors. this practice will provide vital information so that you can identify and assess the market requirements, competition and size. these are all factors essential for product development and creating a strategy which benefits both the consumers and the company. becoming acquainted with the top methodologies and practices available in the market will be essential to build a great product.

lack of market research this is where countless businesses drop in the novice.  you must grasp the market and also the industry and many more importantly, understand what your customer would really love and provide it.  think carefully about your marketing plan and about how your customers will find you.




market research - necessity of the time
one of the biggest mistakes business owners make when searching for approaches to start their company is forgetting to accomplish the proper general market trends.





choose a contractor to build your trade show booth
 we all want to have a trade show booth professionally built. 
hiring exhibition stand contractors can sometimes be a difficult task. there are often many different stories from exhibitors who hired a contractor who wasn't capable to build correctly the booth and they end up losing their time and money. learn how to prepare your stand.






creating a new exhibition stand 
get off your old style with the right developed concept.

read more



research
research for your niche, growing with right customer base.

read more



latest news
news regarding, marketing and market research

read more











