









lockfast, llc - 3m™ converter 




























































 







 




serving our customers since 1969!    |   faq    |   directions    |   contact    |   about us    |   800.543.7157    |    sales chat!







 

 







 




home






schools






fabrics

 






back




tempo®






premier






regal






ensemble






braelok






savanna












fasteners

 






back




dual lock 






hook & loop






adhesive tapes












specialty conversion






transport casing






display hardware






fabric panels

 






back




pvc substrate






wood substrate






framing

















 










fabric panels
lockfast supplies customized commercial grade fabric boards to perfect your display needs.







perfect hook and loop compatible products!
tempo® is 100% nylon fabric with polyester foam core and nylon jersey backing. its bright colors are excellent for displays, exhibits, partitions, bulletin boards, wall coverings, instrument cases, furniture, toys and more.







hook and loop
economical, flexible reclosable fasteners
plain-back woven hook and woven or knit loop provide maximum peel and shear strength while yielding the most reclosures - typically up to 5000 closure cycles.







fasteners
lockfast rotary die-cuts, custom slits, shape cutters, laminates, applies adhesive coatings and otherwise converts hook and loop, and other fasteners to exceed customer requirements.







dual lock™
strong, interlocking mushroom stems that close with a snap to assure your application is securely fastened.














 







customized service. professional quality.reliable solutions!
when you need quality selection, reliable service, and personalized attention...look to lockfast!
from our large selection of high-quality fabrics and trusted 3m fasteners, to customized fabric panels and display hardware, lockfast provides solutions to meet your most challenging requirements on schedule and under deadline. whether it be for exhibition and tradeshows, automotive or aerospace production, educational resources, electronics, furniture, safety apparel, shipping needs, or medical devices, we're here to help you!





























                                                        fasteners                                                         
















                                                        display fabrics                                                         
















                                                        transport cases                                                         
















                                                        display hardware                                                         

















 






lockfast contact info:

toll free: 1-800-543-7157fax: (513) 701-6936local: (513) 701-6920sales@lockfast.com107 northeast driveloveland, oh 45140monday - friday8:30am to 5:00pm est

connect with us!
  .         








 










lockfast materials and solutions...

at lockfast, we aim to provide you with the most constructive solutions possible! with our wide selection of high-quality fabrics and trusted 3m fasteners, combined with customized fabric panels and display hardware, we work to meet even the most challenging requirements under deadline. our team of experts has experience across various industries, including exhibitions and tradeshows, automotive and aerospace production, educational resources, electronic devices, furniture upholstery, protective apparel, and medical equipment. we take pride in our ability to offer personalized attention and reliable service to help you succeed. let us know how we can assist you!
  












            ©
    1969 -     2025
    lockfast llc
            





























