






 



yosemite jazz train - sugar pine railroad - jazzconcerts.com










































































 



















skip to content



facebooktwitterdribbble


jazzconcerts.com
jazz concerts in california

home concerts venuessugar pine railroad – fish camp civic center park – hanford, ca balboa theatre – san diego, ca  contactsponsors  





home concerts venuessugar pine railroad – fish camp civic center park – hanford, ca balboa theatre – san diego, ca  contactsponsors  














yosemite mountain
sugar pine railroad
located 10 minutes from the southern entrance of
yosemite national park off of highway 41
smooth jazz / blues / comedy






yosemite jazz train
intimate musical performances and more,
outdoors in the sierra national forest2025 performance schedule




stay tuned for the 2025 yosemite jazz train line-up












david benoit
steinway in the pines
sunday – august 11, 2024 – 3pm
limited “plan ahead” pricing: $110 per adult / $35 per child / under 8 free


purchase tickets






for four decades, the grammy®-nominated pianist/composer/ arranger david benoit has reigned supreme as one the founding fathers of contemporary jazz.
when he was coming up, benoit worked with singers patti austin, connie stevens, ann-margaret, and lainie kazan as her musical director/conductor. in 1976, benoit released albums on the avi label from 1977 to 1984. he later released several chart-topping recordings for grp, including freedom at midnight (1987), waiting for spring (1989) and shadows (1991), which both topped billboard’s contemporary jazz charts at #5, #1, and #2, respectively.
about david benoit: 











tommy castro and the pain killers
blues & local brews
sunday – august 25, 2024 – 3pm
limited “plan ahead” pricing: $110 per adult / $35 per child / under 8 free


purchase tickets






whether he’s squeezing out the deepest blues or playing the funkiest soul grooves, legendary blues and soul giant tommy castro knows how to ignite a crowd. he’s performed all over the world, earning countless fans with his legendary, sweat-drenched, exhilarating live shows. the painkillers – bassist randy mcdonald, drummer bowen brown and keyboardist michael emerson – have coalesced into one of the tightest bands and create one unforgettable, unpredictable performance after another.
 
about tommy castro 











keiko matsui
smooth jazz and more
sunday – september 15, 2024 – 3pm
limited “plan ahead” pricing: $110 per adult / $35 per child / under 8 free


purchase tickets






celebrated pianist, composer and humanitarian keiko matsui shares her dream for unity, serenity and happiness on her new recording euphoria
“through prayer and my music, i hope to be able to increase harmony on this planet.” – keiko matsui
 
about keiko matsui 











hiroshima (trio)
smooth jazz and more
sunday – september 29, 2024 – 3pm
limited “plan ahead” pricing: $110 per adult / $35 per child / under 8 free


purchase tickets


vibrant, eclectic and truly original, the 2010 grammy-nominated hiroshima creates a musical world all its own. featuring the luscious sound of june kuramoto’s koto, and the interwoven fabrics of jazz, japan, salsa and more, their departure cd and tour, “journeys to the heart of their musical soul.”
about hiroshima: 











vincent ingala / arthur thompson
sunday, june 25th – 3pm
$125 per adult / $65 per child


purchase tickets


twenty-something music prodigy vincent ingala is no stranger to contemporary jazz audiences. his heartfelt, sweet and soulful mix has catapulted him to the top of the billboard contemporary jazz charts, garnering him four billboard #1s, and nine top 10 hits. the charismatic and handsome instrumental wizard has endeared fans, contemporaries and critics alike with his consummate musicianship, fun-loving stage presence, energized and inspired performances and all-around passion.
about vincent ingala: 




arthur lee thompson, sr. (born june 30, 1964 in tulsa, oklahoma) is a drummer, percussionist, singer, producer, songwriter, author, designer, and entrepreneur. arthur, the ninth of twelve brothers and sisters, started his professional music career at the age of fifteen. arthur has two daughters, romeca fairue and lesle belcer, and a son, arthur jr.
about arthur thompson: 











mindi abair   wine & jazz
with special guest dylan chambers

sunday, july 9 – 3pm
$145 per adult / $65 per child


purchase tickets


one of the most recognized and sought-after saxophonists, two-time grammy nominee mindi abair has been electrifying audiences with her dynamic live performances and sax prowess since her debut album in 1999.
about mindi abair: 
dylan chambers is a pop/r&b/soul singer, songwriter and guitar player from arlington, tx. he got his start performing in nightclubs, restaurants and other live venues around the dallas/fort worth metroplex while still in high school.
about dylan chambers: 











rick braun
sunday, august 20th – 3pm
$135 per adult / $65 per child


purchase tickets


trumpeter, composer and producer rick braun, known for his impeccable technical chops, melodic wizardry and keen compositional prowess, the consummate los angeles based musician has been thrilling audiences for decades.
about rick braun: 











jesse cook
sunday, october 15th – 3pm
$150 per adult / $65 per child


purchase tickets


an accomplished guitarist, producer and equally prolific film maker, jesse cook has evolved his talents to create experiences that delight audiences both in concert, and online.he composed his first album, tempest, over 25 years ago. jesse could not imagine that such a humble recording, in which he played all of the instruments, would spark into such a musical legacy. to date there has been thousands of concerts performed around the world, over 2 million albums sold, 5 pbs specials filmed, more than 25 million views on youtube and over 400 million streams of his songs.
about jesse cook: 











steve oliver & brian simpson
sunday, october 1st – 3pm
$125 per adult / $65 per child


purchase tickets


with steve’s instantly recognizable guitar lines and a list of guest artists that includes bass virtuoso jimmy haslip, the incredible joel taylor on drums, and sax luminary nelson rangell, illuminate puts the spotlight back on one of the genre’s most engaging performers and songwriters.
about steve oliver: 
inspired keyboardist, composer, prolific studio musician and producer brian simpson is a master of all he purveys. his eloquent approach to playing, sophisticated harmonics sense, bluesy overtones, r&b flavor and keen sense of how to craft a song that stands the test of time have made him the go-to man for many.
about brian simpson: 


the experience









your inclusive full fare passage includes a boxed chef-prepared seasonal appetizer selection, intimate post show conversation with the artist followed by an informal meet-and-greet at the train station upon return. the whistle blows and “all aboard!” for a narrow-gauge steam train ride to the lewis creek amphitheater for a 75-minute performance by your favorite featured artist in the sierra national forest.
upon arrival and easy check-in at the train station, passengers may enjoy a selection of beer and wines available for purchase with the chef-prepared appetizer before boarding.






the whistle on the yosemite jazz train will blow and “all aboard!” for a magical 25 minute-long guided excursion to the intimate lewis creek amphitheater.
enjoy the rustic feeling in an open air logger or train car as we travel on the original 3ft narrow gauge railroad tracks and learn about the amazing history on a narrated tour by our conductor as we wind our way down to the performance venue. vip private caboose passages are also available by prior arrangement.








an intimate performance at the lewis creek amphiteater


experience an intimate performance by our featured headline artists in the sierra national forest
forrest camp fire bench seating is available for all.
guests are welcome to bring a blanket or cushion for added comfort. folding portable chairs are welcome surrounding the bench chairs. photographs and smart phone videos are encouraged from your selected seat. all tickets are sold – rain or shine.


after the performance
at the conclusion of the concert the engineer’s whistle of the
yosemite jazz train
will blow and all passengers are asked to be re-board for our arrival back at
the sugar pine railroad train station.
upon arrival all guests are invited to an intimate conversation with the artist and meet-and-greet at the train station.
please no out-side food or beverage at the train station and associated venues.
please share any dietary / allergenic concerns in advance of arrival with your confirmed ticket.















a limited number of tickets are available for these three-hour long events that begin at 3 p.m.
the yosemite mountain sugar pine railroad is located only 10 minutes from the southern entrance of yosemite national park, off highway 41.










all tickets are sold “rain or shine”. please plan ahead for seasonal inclement weather.
all concerts will be in concurrence within the standard operation of the yosemite mountain sugar pine railroad.


purchase ticketswhere to stay









complete your yosemite jazz train experience with a relaxing stay at one of the many lodges and hotels available in the yosemite valley, including the beautiful tenaya lodge.
for more information on amenities and lodging, visit yosemite – where to stay.


more lodging options



























































getting here





















the yosemite mountain sugar pine railroad is located on highway 41 in fish camp, california. from fresno, drive north on highway 41. you’ll drive through the communities of coarsegold and oakhurst, where you can stop for coffee, food, and shopping.
nearest airport: fresno international (fat)
from the airport, drive south on peach avenue and enter highway 180 east. take 180 east to highway 41 north to yosemite. we are approximately 60 miles north of fresno and 19 miles north of oakhurst.







view on google maps


visit www.ymsprr.com for more information





* any refund requests are not guaranteed, and only honored at the discretion of the event producer and/or sugar pine railroad management












contact promoter@jazzconcerts.comfind us on:facebooktwittersubscribe to getupdates from jazzconcerts.com!
email list sign-up  events list
venues
sponsors
contact
 







© jazzconcerts.com | scottland concerts 2019






go to top

 



















































