
digital trends corporation















 









<contact us | web mail>
    












 

 

digital trends corporation specializes in providing professional web sites
and offers a full range of information technology services. we can host your site on 
our state of the art servers, help you maintain your own internal servers and
provide the expertise to guide you through all aspects of developing and maintaining
your web, email and it infrastructure. 
	  
 

 



 












 


reliable web hosting

rest at ease knowing your company's website is on our highly reliable hosting service 
and is available to your customers 24/7.

 > more information


 



professional website design

getting your website up and going is a snap.  we can work with you to design 
an attractive, easy to use website from the ground up or enhance your existing website.
			  
 > more information


 


state of the art email

get advanced state of the art email service with the latest spam control and archiving
features built in.
			  
 > more information


 


ecommerce (hosted as secure.acceltrade.net)

gain a competitive edge by securely selling your goods and services over the internet.  
you can start out with just a basic shopping cart or we can help to fully integrate 
ecommerce into your existing systems.
				
     > more information














 












 


software development

we have over 30 years experience developing and maintaining software systems on a 
wide variety of platforms. 
              
 > more information 

 


systems integration

when systems don't work together you lose productivity. we can help you integrate your 
information systems to make them work for you.
			    
 > more information 

 


electronic document development

transforming paper documents into electronic documents can save you time and money.
we specialize in creating pdf (portable document format) documents for businesses.  we utilize 
and recommend the abcpdf.net asp pdf generation 
component and adobe acrobat 
 for pdf document creation.
              


 


data protection

              please contact us 
              for information and assistance protecting your data online. 
              














 


 












 


network infrastructure


  your computers must be able to communicate effectively and securely in order to 
  maximize your investment. we can help you network your computers, office locations 
  and the internet.
			    
 > more information 


  



pc installation and maintenance

preparing a computer can be a time consuming process. we can help you 
quickly install and transfer files from your old systems.
              


 


antivirus protection

virus protection is one of the most critical components of your network and computer 
systems. we can install virus and malware protection for computers and networks as well as recover 
and rebuild systems in the unfortunate event an unprotected system becomes compromised.
              

















 
© 1995-2025 digital trends corporation.






<contact us | web mail>
    












