



home missohio · miss ohio | an official miss america state program
















































































 












 skip to primary navigation skip to content skip to footermiss ohio | an official miss america state programthe miss ohio scholarship program is a non-profit organization that awards scholarships to outstanding young women to help advance them academically and professionally.main navigationmiss ohio

miss ohio 2024 | stephanie finoti
book miss ohio
compete
local competitions
forever miss ohio’s


miss ohio’s teen

miss ohio’s teen 2024 | allie gray
book miss ohio’s teen
compete
local competitions
forever miss ohio’s teens


little miss buckeye
sponsor

become a sponsor
sponsorship packages
meet our sponsors


contact

about us
board of directors
start a local


 













congratuations miss ohio 2024
stephanie finoti 
							4th runner up and preliminary fitness winner 
at miss america 2025 
							
 



welcome home, miss ohio's teen 2024, allie gray! 
							we are so proud of the job well done at miss america's teen 2025 
							 


miss ohio 2024
stephanie finoti 
							


 





miss ohio's teen 2024
allie gray 
							 



















compete for miss ohio 2025 



are you a future state titleholder? 










age 14-17 register for miss ohio's teen














age age 18-27register for miss ohio



















 











become a contestant 



									it’s more than competition, it’s a chance to win scholarships, expand your network, and create positive change in your community. join our community of successful & inspiring women by registering today!								






compete for 2025























preparing great women for the world

and the world

for great women. 



									a part of the miss america scholarship organization, the largest scholarship provider to young women in the world, our mission is simple: to empower young women to achieve their potentials through scholarships, personal growth, and professional development. 								















 






get to know stephanie











 






get to know allie























book miss ohio 



looking for a dynamic & engaging addition to your event?look no further than miss ohio!miss ohio’s experience in public speaking offers a unique perspective on leadership and personal growth. whether you’re hosting a conference or a school fundraiser, booking miss ohio will take your event to the next level. 






book miss ohio 















 


























benefitting young women since 1922. 



we’re committed to our purpose of helping young women through scholarship awards and by providing an opportunity for unparalleled personal & professional growth, experience, and network-building. and we have been since the very beginning. 










learn more about the opportunity



















subscribe for the latest on miss ohio  











								email							





subscribe






















 












thank you to our sponsors! 



									platinum sponsors: $100,000+								


















									silver sponsors: $5,000+								












bronze sponsors: <$1,000 






footerhome
how to compete
preliminaries
become a sponsor

facebookinstagramlinkedintwitter
search this website
stay connected

  






 






























