



absolutely free plans index








welcome to absolutely free plans, an index of free
                plans available online.
this site is no longer maintained, i
                am leaving it up simply as a reference to whatever plans
                are still available. 
for more information or to comment about a particular
                plan please contact the owner of the page you found it
                on.









boat plans
free plans to build boats.
clip art
designs to use as patterns for your projects
indoor projects
projects for inside the home.
kid's toys and furniture
projects to build for and with children
outdoor projects
projects for outside the home.
workbenches and router tables
plans for router tables, tool boxes and workbenches
workshop
                    projects & info
plans and information for your workshop.






visit
          our sister site for a selection of vintage plans



vintage internet plans is
                  a collection of free mission style furniture plans
                  taken from publications dating back to the late
                  1800's, many of these may well have been the working
                  drawings of projects that survived to become today's
                  sought after collectibles. mission style furniture is
                  a design style that grew out of the arts & craft
                  movement. called mission because of its exposed
                  construction, simple lines, rectilinear style, and use
                  of plain materials such as oak, leather and canvas.




online courses and tutorials
found at our sister sites, sawdust making 101 and doit101.com






a course in wood turning - online reprint
wood turning has had a definite place in
                  the commercial world for a great many years. it is
                  used in various forms in making furniture and
                  furniture parts, building trim, tool parts, toys,
                  athletic paraphernalia and many other useful and
                  beautiful articles in common use.
this book was written in 1919 as a
                  school text book to be used in shop classes, great way
                  to learn the basics.











 carpentry

                    for boys by j.s. zerme, m.e. - online reprint
a 1914 book which treats, in a most
                practical and fascinating manner all subjects pertaining
                to the "king of trades"; showing the care and use of
                tools; drawing; designing; and the laying out of work.
                the principles involved in the building of various kinds
                of structures, and the rudiments of architecture. it
                contains over two hundred and fifty illustrations made
                especially for this work, and includes also a complete
                glossary of the technical terms used in the art. the
                most comprehensive volume on this subject ever published
                for boys.
                note: by "boys" he refers to apprentices. 











the steel square and its uses - online reprint
there is nothing of more importance to a
                  young man who is learning the business of
                  house-joinery and carpentry, than that he should make
                  himself thoroughly conversant with the capabilities of
                  the tools he employs. it may be that, in some of the
                  rules shown in this work, the result could be attained
                  much readier with other aids than the square; but the
                  progressive mechanic will not rest satisfied with one
                  method of performing operations when others are within
                  his reach.
 





helpful videos
there are a lot of videos that can be best described as having
        bad information out there, 
        i have decided to list some i have found to contain good sound
        content.
make an accurate box joint jig, simple and
          fast by william ng
setting up a bandsaw by alex snodgrass





