


rantings of a sandmonkey








.comment-link {margin-left:.6em;}














	rantings of a sandmonkey
	
  
be forewarned: the writer of this blog is an extremely cynical, snarky, pro-us, secular, libertarian, disgruntled sandmonkey. if this is your cup of tea, please enjoy your stay here. if not, please sod off




monday, march 20, 2006



	 
	 count to 4
	 
    


      and you will be forwarded to the new page, you lazy bum who didn't update his links yet you! :p
    


posted by the sandmonkey @ 3/20/2006 02:59:00 am
4 comments






friday, march 17, 2006



	 
	 we have moved!
	 
    


      as some of you have come to find out( who spilled the beans? tell me. rat them out. i won;t tell them who told), the big surprise was that the sandmonkey blog has now moved to a new location: it is now both on

www.sandmonkey.org

and

www.sandmonkeyblog.com 

you know, because i just couldn't decide!

anyway, i will leave this up for you for 2 days so you can update your links, but after will have an automatic forwarding thing that will just take you to the new blog. it's wordpress, which means i won't have problems with the comments or the rss feed anymore .

however, one feels sad when leaving blogger. this has always been my first home, and honestly, if it wasn't falling apart, i would've never left it. this is the place where i spent 14 months and 1844 posts. now, in order to get the enw blog on top of the google search results, i will have to post another 1844 posts soon. boy, do i have my work cut out for me!

*if i was a smoker, i would be taking a deep breath from my cigarette for emphasis right about now*

time to get to work!
    


posted by the sandmonkey @ 3/17/2006 01:06:00 am
10 comments






wednesday, march 15, 2006



	 
	 1,000,000 hits!
	 
    





we've come a long way, baby!

we have gone platinum. the sandmonkey blog has finally passed the one million hits mark. wohoooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo!

needless to say i couldn't have reached it without your support, and for sticking by me everytime i was at the end of my rope and felt like quitting. you lift me up people! thank you all for being the best readers a blogger could ask for.

ok, i am going out to celebrate, and tomorrow will be off, because i am preparing a surprise for y'all. this blog has reached a benchmark, and it's time to take it to the next level. you won't be disappointed*! ;)

love you all,

the sandmonkey!


*and those of you who know, keep your mouth shut. don't spoil it!



posted by the sandmonkey @ 3/15/2006 10:36:00 am
38 comments









	 
	 huh?????
	 
    


      ok, can someone explain to me how the chairman of cair gets elected to the florida board of the aclu? cair is not pro-civil liberties, and the aclu's objectives are their total ideological opposite. cair is not pro-freedom of religion, cair is not pro- freedom of speech, and cair is definitely not pro-gay rights. so, how does this work exactly?

i mean, i knew that the aclu was run by retards, but, like, damn!
    


posted by the sandmonkey @ 3/15/2006 05:15:00 am
24 comments









	 
	 keep your drug profits home!
	 
    


      man, only the afghanis can get away with saying something like that! lol
    


posted by the sandmonkey @ 3/15/2006 05:13:00 am
1 comments









	 
	 george clooney is a liberal
	 
    


      oh yes. he is a liberal. you didn't know? well, he even blogs about it. there. mystery resolved.

now, remember when liberal meant this?

liberalism is an ideology, broad political tradition, and current of political thought, which holds liberty as the primary political value. broadly speaking, liberalism seeks a society characterized by freedom of thought for individuals, limitations on the power of government and religion, the rule of law, the free exchange of ideas, a market economy that supports private enterprise, and a system of government that is transparent. this form of government favors liberal democracy with open and fair elections, where all citizens have equal rights by law, and an equal opportunity to succeed.

now, how many people think george clooney, or the democratic party for that matter, stand for that?

yeah, thought so.
    


posted by the sandmonkey @ 3/15/2006 04:53:00 am
11 comments









	 
	 unc iranian psycho: i did it all for allah
	 
    


the iranian psycho who ran over people at unc in order to punish america seems to be on a quest to make muslims look crazy. here, in a letter he wrote to eye-witness news, he explains the reasoning behind his attack:

"allah gives permission in the koran for the followers of allah to attack those who have raged war against them, with the expectation of eternal paradise in case of martyrdom and/or living one's life in obedience of all of allah's commandments found throughout the koran's 114 chapters..." "the u.s. government is responsible for the deaths of and the torture of countless followers of allah, my brothers and sisters. my attack on americans at unc-ch on march 3rd was in retaliation for similar attacks orchestrated by the u.s. government on my fellow followers of allah in iraq, afghanistan, palestine, saudi arabia, and other islamic territories. i did not act out of hatred for americans, but out of love for allah instead. "
*the sandmonkey smacks head to desk repeatedly*

sigh....
    


posted by the sandmonkey @ 3/15/2006 02:05:00 am
10 comments









	 
	 top 10 coolest lego creations
	 
    


this is awesome. it's a tie between the han solo one and the volvo xc90 one.
    


posted by the sandmonkey @ 3/15/2006 02:00:00 am
1 comments









	 
	 clever marketing
	 
    


      this is the way apple markets it's new ipod hi-fi:





pretty nifty, huh?
    


posted by the sandmonkey @ 3/15/2006 01:55:00 am
0 comments









	 
	 biden wants to cut and run
	 
    


      if biden thinks this is the way to be presidential, ehh, he is wrong:

sen. joseph biden (news, bio, voting record) of delaware, who is aiming for the 2008 presidential race, said the iraqis must have a constitution that unites fighting factions of the society or "it's game over."
"we can't want peace in iraq more than the iraqis want it," biden said on nbc's "meet the press." "we can't want it more than they want it. and if they don't step up to the ball, we're going to be gone."

ok, this is one of the dumbest statement ever said about this war, because, well, the supreme majority of iraqis want peace. it's just their leaders are too busy playing politics, setting up alliances, and setteling old scores to get that ball rolling properly. not to mention, this statement is ignoring the effect of syria and iran in financing and supplying the warring factions, not to mention the agents of random chaos called al qaeda's foreign fighters. but sure, blame the iraqis and claim that you will get the hell out if they "don't want peace!". and please ignore the mayhem that will ensue the moment the american troops aren't there to stabalize the situation, and encouraging effect and moral boost such a statement must give the al qaeda fighters, who must now believe that their campaign to defeat america is succeeding.

people, have some persepctive: there are 150,000 troops in iraq, and only 2,200 deaths after 3 years of occupation with a bloody insurgency going on and an invasion of an entire country. your casuality rate after 3 years and fighting a major war is not even 2% and you want to just give up and run away? are you kidding me?

ahh aggrevation in the morning. try to ignore biden. must relax. think happy thoughts. eva langoria and jessica alba mudwrestling...naked. yes. much better!
    


posted by the sandmonkey @ 3/15/2006 01:21:00 am
12 comments









	 
	 lightsaber fight
	 
    


      lightsabers are cool!
    


posted by the sandmonkey @ 3/15/2006 01:01:00 am
2 comments









	 
	 al jazeera in english this spring
	 
    


great. it's destined to be the american left's favorite news channel.

me kids american left, but you gotta admit, it will be fun to have the anti-fox news around, no?
    


posted by the sandmonkey @ 3/15/2006 12:49:00 am
0 comments






tuesday, march 14, 2006



	 
	 the egyptian stock market drama
	 
    


      *scroll down for updates*

ok, so after this whole thing that happend earlier on today, the people running the stock exchange decided to re-open it at 1:30 (regular session is from 11:30 to 3:30), where the market rebounded slightly, or at least it didn't continue its free fall.

so the session ends on a somber note, except that the head of the stock exchange "maged showky", decided, on his own, to start a special session from 3:30 till 4 pm, where only a select few big investment funds would get to buy a select few stocks, and everyone else can watch or sell, but aren't able to buy anything themselves. this caused that stock i was mentioning, which is efg's stock for those who know our stock market, to jump from 33 to 49 egp by the end of that special session. but it doesn't end there. maged shawky gets fired, and the ministery of investment announces the cancellation of all the trasnactions that were done in the special session, bringing the price back to 33 egp. and now there are rumors that maged was actually fired around 1 pm today for "improper dealings and transactions" and did this as his swan song so to speak.

this leaves the name of the his collaborater in his improper dealings left to speculation, but with a strong indicaters pointing towards the chairman & ceo of efg-hermes yasser el mallawany, who is a  good buddy of maged and whose company had the most to benefit from this "special session".  if this is true, then this will be the biggest scandal of its kind in egypt, and one that would send the stock market spiraling out of control tommorow.

rabena youstor!

update: ehh, how can i explain this? the ministery of investment decided late last night to reverse all of its decision, re-instated maged shawky, didn't cancel yesterday's "special session" transactions and is pretending as if nothing happend.

in other news, the arab stock market lost about 500 billion dollars yesterday in transactions, and the egyptian small investors demonstrated in front of the egyptian stock exchange "demanding their money back". futile attempts to explain to them that their money isn't actually inside the stock exchange were of no effect, because in their minds that's where "they lost their money, and now they wanted it back". a lot of wailing and shouting ended up happening, but thankfully no one got hurt anywhere except their pockets.

and if all of that doesn't just piss you off, the government privatized its cement sector last year and sold it to 2 companies, while enacting measures to prevent the importing of  outsdie cement to "protect the local mono..ehh...cement inducstry". this allowed the cement companies to raise their prices 4 times, giving one of them a profit jump from 10 million in 2004 to 271 million in 2005. talk about a return on your investment.
    


posted by the sandmonkey @ 3/14/2006 07:13:00 am
10 comments









	 
	 pat roberston has lost it
	 
    


      seriously, someone commit his ass already:

television evangelist pat robertson said monday on his live news-and-talk program "the 700 club" that islam is not a religion of peace, and that radical muslims are "satanic." robertson's comments came after he watched a news story on his christian broadcasting network about muslim protests in europe over the cartoon drawings of the prophet muhammad. he remarked that the outpouring of rage elicited by cartoons "just shows the kind of people we're dealing with. these people are crazed fanatics, and i want to say it now: i believe it's motivated by demonic power. it is satanic and it's time we recognize what we're dealing with."ok pat, we need to talk. it was kind of funny when you issued your fatwa against chavez, in a "oh look, grandpa is senile and shitting his pants" kind of way. the thing about sharon was a little cukoo, but whatever, it wasn't in any way worse than the chavez thing. now me thinks thinks you have totally lose it. i think you have gone bonkers. and i think someone needs to commit your ass in to a home quick, because you are showing signs that you may not be fit to run your organization or to have the kind of influence you have on people who follow you. it's ok pat, it's not your fault; you are just old. maybe it's time for you to retire or to take a nice long vacation somewhere. whatever you do, just please do me a favor, actually 2 favors: 1) do it quick and 2) shut the fuck up. ok?
    


posted by the sandmonkey @ 3/14/2006 05:32:00 am
46 comments









	 
	 the egyptian stock market crashes... hard!
	 
    


      the egyptian stock market crashed really hard today. we are talking 20% losses across the board, the lowest level in more than 6 months. the crash was so severe that the people running the stock exchange shut it down for the day because of the selling panic that took over people, and they are contemplating shutting the market for a week. the stock i was talking about yesterday? it's now worth 33 egp. 33. from 250 to 33 in 2 weeks. our it guy is looking downright suicidal, and this other guy we know from this other firm is now in the hospital's icu because he had a heart attack yesterday after he lost 600,000 egp in the market. no one dares to tell him that his losses are now close to a million. the dude could seriously die.

this is bad!
    


posted by the sandmonkey @ 3/14/2006 02:59:00 am
5 comments









	 
	 reason# 3454556544 why the onion rocks
	 
    


this is too funny:

in schools and coffeehouses, parlors and public squares, iraqis are discussing and debating the revolutionary teachings of activist iyad al-naqib, who is being hailed by some as the "iraqi mahatma gandhi" for his commitment to practicing "a bit less severe" forms of violence against infidels and crusaders.    
known for sayings such as "an eye for an eye will make the whole world blind, so extract a pinky for an eye," al-naqib, 46, is both praised and vilified throughout the muslim world for his radical, slightly less violent teachings.al-naqib's followers are instructed to bomb discos on weeknights, when they are less crowded, and to equip suicide bombers with hand grenades rather than multiple sticks of tnt. such views earned al-naqib this year's mideast peace prize, an award administered by the yemeni government and presented to individuals credited with encouraging what its literature characterizes as "anything remotely close to a rough approximation of peace in the region."lolalso read alturism mocked and what the american people think of the milosobitch's untimely demise.
    


posted by the sandmonkey @ 3/14/2006 02:39:00 am
1 comments









	 
	 now they have a theme song?
	 
    


      this whole cartoon war thing is like watching the return of the king the director's cut; every time you think it's going to end, it just keeps on going.  why am i saying this? well, yesterday, while chilling in a cafe with a tv playing the rotana music videos channel, they showed a song called "anyone but god's prophet" (ellah rassoul allah), sang by a group of unknown singers aptly titled "the group" (el magmoo3ah). the song was about, you guessed it, the way the prophet was insulted, how freedom of expression should have its limits and how if you danish infidels really knew him or how much we love him you would've never done what you did, and how we need to get justice over this insult.

the singers of the song are all dressed in white, with the females singers wearing al hijab (but in the end credits, when showing them singing the song in the studio, they weren't wearing it. sluts.) and all of them singing it with seriously sad expressions, while a sad flute played in the interlude. each singer sang 2 lines, and they kept repeating the catchy chorus, which i don't full rememebr except for the last 2 lines of it, which i think went something like this " it doesn't matter what religion you belong to, god wouldn't approve of this. anyone except mohamed, and we have to have justice/ get even". and then in the end credits, when they show the singers singing in the studio, they have them with serious sad and pensive faces, with a couple of the female singers crying heavily- while in the studio singing- to show how hurt and affected they are by this attack and song and covering their faces from the camera while doing this.

now, the one thought that crossed my mind when i saw this video was "shit! this will start the whole thing all over again". people were kind of done with the whole thing, with "underground" reports of lurpak being sold in mohandeseen supermarkets and everything, and now this song comes along, with it simple yet catchy tune and sad lyrics, and is immedietly destined to become a # 1 hit, if not the # 1 ring tone of egyptians who want to show everyone that they just love the prophet, but can no longer find any cheese to burn. i fear that this song will play on people's emotions and will bring back this issue again, because, as the old egyptian saying goes, we would love us a funeral so we could wail and cry. i may be wrong, and hopefully this song won't catch on, but knowing the egyptian people's love for sad catchy songs, especially with the whole fad of islamic pop going on, ehh, i doubt it. the "we are so hurt over the prophet" movement now have a theme song people. it maybe a little late for the party, but it maycbe the thing that will start it all over again.
    


posted by the sandmonkey @ 3/14/2006 01:43:00 am
5 comments









	 
	 the free jill campaign
	 
    


the committe to protect bloggers is starting a campaign for jill carroll. naturally i am in.

jill carroll, a freelance reporter working for the christian science monitor newspaper, was kidnapped in baghdad over two months ago. all indications are that she is still alive. the monitor has started a campaign, using iraqi television, to distribute a video asking for iraqis to help find and free jill. 
 jill is not a blogger but she's got that spirit. she's an independent intellect who is fascinated by the world and has a desire to speak what she sees. so let's not leave it up to the newspapers and television stations. she's ours as much as theirs. 
 so, i would like to ask every blogger who gives a damn about individual human life and the individual human voice, to post a link to this video on their blog, to blog about jill and to pass along our concern to friends, family and other bloggers. of greatest import are iraqi blogs and blogs in the arabic and muslim worlds that may be read by people in a position to do good for jill. 
 here's a link to the jill carroll video. 
 and here is the csm's feed for their jill page. 
olivebranch network has an informative summary of iraqi concern and action for jill.  

done and done! let's hope this helps!
    


posted by the sandmonkey @ 3/14/2006 01:36:00 am
1 comments









	 
	 no more chef
	 
    


      isaac hayes is leaving south park because it disrespected his religion, scientology, in one of their episodes.

 or at least the man who cooks up chef's voice is. on monday, isaac hayes — who's provided the booming baritone for "south park" 's cafeteria employee and resident ladies' man since the show began in 1997 — released a statement announcing his desire to be released from his contract with "south park," blaming the program's "growing insensitivity towards personal spiritual beliefs."
"there is a place in this world for satire, but there is a time when satire ends and intolerance and bigotry towards religious beliefs of others begins," hayes wrote in the statement. "religious beliefs are sacred to people and at all times should be respected and honored. as a civil-rights activist of the past 40 years, i cannot support a show that disrespects those beliefs and practices."

oh really...

 a spokesperson for hayes confirmed to mtv news that the soul legend is a scientologist but would not elaborate on whether or not the "trapped in the closet" episode had any impact on his decision to leave. however, according to one of the show's creators, that's exactly what happened.
 "this has nothing to do with intolerance and bigotry and everything to do with the fact that isaac hayes is a scientologist and that we recently featured scientology in an episode of 'south park,' " matt stone said. "in 10 years and over 150 episodes of 'south park,' isaac never had a problem with the show making fun of christians, muslims, mormons and jews. he got a sudden case of religious sensitivity when it was his religion featured on the show. to bring the civil-rights struggle into this is just a non sequitur. of course we will release isaac from his contract and we wish him well."
 in a gq interview earlier this year, stone's partner, trey parker, said, "to be honest, what kept us from [parodying scientology] before was isaac hayes. we knew he is a scientologist and he's an awesome guy. we were like, 'let's just avoid that for now.' ... finally, we just had to tell isaac, 'dude, we totally love working with you and this is nothing personal, it's just we're "south park," and if we don't do this, we're belittling everything else we've ripped on.' "

true that. plus, of all the religions out there, if there is one we should all make fun of, it should be scientology. seriously! those xemu planet-worshipping people are freaky!




posted by the sandmonkey @ 3/14/2006 01:26:00 am
4 comments









	 
	 we are viagra people
	 
    


      it's no secret that egyptians love viagra. they do to the degree that people use it as bribes to buy votes. it's not that the men of the country can't get it up, it's just that they like the whole "long-lasting erections on demand" thing. i for one think it's the worst thing that ever happend to us, because it deprived us of  a whole generation of "old wise men". you see, men go through life thinking with their penis, and when they hit a certain age where their "drill sargent" doesn't "stand at attention", they start using their other brain, you know, the one above their necks. that's why we used to have old wise men to counsel us; and now we have viagra dads.

anyway...

there is a big story in the egyptian media in regards to ndp's mp and ceramics magnate mohamed abou el enein, whom they found in one of his shipments 1.3 million pills of viagra. he, of course, denies involvment, and the government, ever so vigilant when it comes to justice, arrested the cargo inspecter instead of abou el enein. given that the street price for a viagra pill is 150 egp, it means that this shipment is worth 195 million egp, or roughly $ 34 million dollars, in pure profit. the running joke is that abou el enein is the one who brought this shipment to egypt as a surprise gift to mubarak, to help him on his quest to  really screw the people.
    


posted by the sandmonkey @ 3/14/2006 01:10:00 am
5 comments









	 
	 mystery resolved!
	 
    


read this! 



posted by the sandmonkey @ 3/14/2006 01:10:00 am
2 comments









	 
	 inching towards the million hits mark
	 
    


      oh man, one more day or so and i am there. excitment!:)
    


posted by the sandmonkey @ 3/14/2006 01:08:00 am
1 comments









	 
	 google mars is here
	 
    


      this is sooo cooooooolllllll!



posted by the sandmonkey @ 3/14/2006 01:07:00 am
2 comments






monday, march 13, 2006



	 
	 me and alaa agree on something
	 
    


this analysis is quite crappy and discounts way too many people.
    


posted by the sandmonkey @ 3/13/2006 11:57:00 pm
2 comments









	 
	 fatwa on female internet freedom
	 
    


      i heard about it, and now silly bahraini girl has it and the names of the saudi clerics (surprise surprise) who issued it.

the saudi government, on the other hand, is not satisfied with daily blocking of nearly 200 web sites. religious scholars and businessmen affiliated to the saudi government are starting to launch campaigns against the freedom to use the internet and the freedom of information exchange.
religious scholars have issued a fatwa prohibiting women from using the internet without the presence of a mahram (a close relative they are prohibited to marry). this was followed by a call from saudi businessmen to sue web sites that call for freedom of thought and secularism, such as the aforementioned web sites.

the fatwa was issued by 2 saudi sheikhs called othman al khamees and saad al ghamdy, and it states the following: " it's haram to let women use the internet because of their inside wickedness, and a woamn shouldn't be allowed on the internet without the presence of a moharam (close male relative) who is an expert in the deceptive and sexually corrupt nature of the women!". i am not making this shit up, people. that's what it said.

i don't know, i am pretty familiar with the koran and the hadith, and not once did i read anything on the internet being forbidden. those clerics are talking out of their asses so to speak, and their disdain for females is very apparent. the sad thing is, i can see muslim men, especially saudi muslim men, being receptive and accepting to this fatwa, if not on the grounds of protecting the morals and sensibilities of women from the "western zionist propaganda" available on the net. you know, like equality, self-determination and personal freedom.

whatever...
    


posted by the sandmonkey @ 3/13/2006 05:59:00 am
19 comments









	 
	 my  poor it guy
	 
    


      of all the people in my company, my favorite has to be w. the it guy. he is smart, funny and self-educated, and i am one of the few people who he can converse with on everything, from life to politics to it issues. we are good work friends, and our friendship prevails despite my company's inner politics. you see, my company is divided into 2 sections: 1) the investment department, and that's where i work alongside with other us & uk graduated people, and 2) the operations department, which includes the accounting, hr , treasury and it  people, all of which are educated in egyptian universities. it's weird, but there is some kind of caste system here, because the 2 departments are not supposed to mix and mingle. my friendship with many of the operations department people have incurred me the wrath of our general manager, who doesn't like "his people" mingeling with "those people". whatever. i let him say what he wanted and went ahead and did what i wanted anyway. he can't fire me for being friendly. anyway..

this division, however, led to some unintended financial consequences amongst our operations department people, the most heavily hit of which was w. you see, they all invest in the egyptian stock market, and they consult the accounting people for their  investment decisions, instead of asking, well, us. as anyone who is familiar with the business world knows, the mindsets between the finance and accounting people couldn't be more different. i would never take financial advice from an accountant, then i would take accounting advice from a financial analyst. those are 2 different professions for a reason, and the difference between them is the same as that of between a policeman and a lawyer. most people don't really realize that. w. is one of those people.

based on the advice of his buddies in accounting, he went ahead and bought an undisclosed sum of shares  at 250 egyptian pounds, because they told him that the share will hit 300 pounds easily, if not 500 pounds (such is the egyptian stock market). so he went ahead and borrowed 50,000 pounds on top of his 0wn 50,000 pounds and bought that specific share. the bank he borrowed the money from gave him 2 repayment options: 1) to pay a monthly amount that includes the interest and the principle or 2) to just pay the monthly interest without paying off the principle. the idiot, spurred by the other "experts" in the accounting department, chose option #2, because 1) it's naturally offerd cheaper monthly payments and 2) he was going to double his money in this investment within the month anyway, so it really won't make any sense for him to pay a higher monthly payment when he will pay off everything at once. this was the advice the people at accounting gave him.

you can see where this is going, right?

yeah! needless to say the share never went anywhere but down, and kept declining over the past 2 weeks till it hit 120 pounds today. he lost more than 50% of his investment capital, and is now screwed with paying monthly interest payments that do not reduce the principle at all. and he is not alone in this; everyone in the operations side of the company have lost major amounts of moolah. but none was screwed as much as that guy. and it kills me, cause had he came to me i would've told him not to invest in that share, as i told everyone i knew. but, oh well, that was the way that cookie crumbled, and that's what you get when you invest your money based on hearsay and unsubstantiated claims and rumors. and the sad part is, that's how the supreme majority of egyptians who put money in the stock market do their investing. and then they wonder why they lose their money.

the poor guy though, you know?
    


posted by the sandmonkey @ 3/13/2006 04:46:00 am
6 comments









	 
	 my personal dna
	 
    


      it seem that i am a genuine inventor.

genuine inventor

on a totally irrelevant side-note, it's kind of funny that when you take the test,  in the gender category they have  male, female and an "other" option. very hip, no?
    


posted by the sandmonkey @ 3/13/2006 04:28:00 am
11 comments









	 
	 death to everyone
	 
    


      and people are wondering why the west thinks that iran is a threat?
    


posted by the sandmonkey @ 3/13/2006 04:00:00 am
7 comments









	 
	 the iraqis are turning on al qaeda
	 
    


      it took them long enough, but it is happening thanks to al zarqawi's stupidity. al sadr is blaming them instead of the sunnis for the mosque's bombing, the tribal chiefs of anbar and kirkuk have announced that they are forming the anbar revenge brigade with the purpose of hunting al qaeda foriegn fighters down, and they are already killing them. this marks a  twist for al zarqawi, who was attacking the us forces and the shiites simultaniously in order to keep the dvisions between sunnis and shiite alive, and ensure that the sunnis- who he needs to keep him hidden and safe- don't turn on him because he was an effective tool of terror against the shia. but now, especially after almost getting dragged to the fringes of civil war, the sunni tribal leaders are realizing that this guy is a huge liability. good. i hope they are the ones that do kill him. i would be very proud of iraqi sunnis if they were the ones who take out al zarqawi.
    


posted by the sandmonkey @ 3/13/2006 03:37:00 am
4 comments









	 
	 muslims against terrorism petition
	 
    


      go sign it!
    


posted by the sandmonkey @ 3/13/2006 03:30:00 am
5 comments









	 
	 a final warning to the american people
	 
    


      al qaeda is making threats again. this time they are saying states like arizona may be hit. i highly doubt it. as i said to my american friends the day after 9/11 happend ( when some of them thought the terrorists would attack connecticut and missouri) as far as foreigeners, tourists and terrorists are concerned, america is not really 50 states; it's more like 10 cities. we are talking new york, dc, la, las vegas, san fransisco, chicago, dallas, miami, and maybe, big maybe, boston, cleveland and jersey city. that's about it. if you are not living in those cities, you are freakin safer than a straight virgin girl in a monestary.

this is why , when the oklahoma bombing happend, that it wasn't arabs and muslims. of all the places to hit, oklahoma- like all other midwestern and southern states- would't even register on the terrorists' radar. too small and too white. the us adminstration knows this too, which is why, in 2002, they had the winter olympics in utah. there is nothing in utah first of all, and they figured that if any arabs or muslims showed up there, they would stick out like a black blot on a white dress.

so yeah, people of arizona, relax. i highly doubt they would attack pheonix. everyone else who lives in those cities i mentioned, well, you knew it wasn't safe living there anyway. so you might as well also chill, you know?
    


posted by the sandmonkey @ 3/13/2006 03:12:00 am
8 comments









	 
	 where wahhabists are taking saudi
	 
    






posted by the sandmonkey @ 3/13/2006 03:09:00 am
4 comments









	 
	 klinghoffer: al qaradwi enforces bush's view
	 
    


      you know, she is kinda right!
    


posted by the sandmonkey @ 3/13/2006 03:04:00 am
1 comments






sunday, march 12, 2006



	 
	 why am i pro women rights? part 2
	 
    


      because of this:



this chart shows the percentages of women  in parliament in middle-eastern countries. as you can see, the top 3 countries are afghanistan (27.3%), followed by iraq (25.5%) , and in third place israel (15%). 2 are occupied by the us and, well, the other one is israel. make your own conclusions!

now, how much are women represented in egypt's parliament? ehh, 2%. that's it! and we used to be the region's women rights pioneers.

sigh..
    


posted by the sandmonkey @ 3/12/2006 06:34:00 am
23 comments









	 
	 men's reproductive rights
	 
    


      here is an interesting new trend in the uk and us: reproductive rights for men. men have finally discoverd that they should have some rights when it comes to women having their babies, since they do have to support them afterwards. however, as they say: choose your battles; and the men- who are calling for those rights- have been choosing some very weird ones.

in the uk, the european human rights court denied a british woman's request to use frozen embryos against her ex-fiance's wishes. she says it's her last chance to have a baby since she had ovarian cancer, while her ex is saying :"i broke up with her crazy ass, and i don't want her to have my babies anymore". this one i support: a man should not be forced to impregnate a woman with his sperm if he doesn't want to, especially one he broke up with.

the one i don't support is this one: the man who is suing a woman that got pregnant with his baby because he doesn't want to pay child support. his argument? he didn't want a baby, she told him she couldn't have one, and now she is pregnant and keeping it. since only women have the right to keep and abort the child no matter what the men fathering them think, he contends men should be able to choose not to support said child if they never wanted it. this, of course, is crap. yes, the way abortion works now is crappy for the men, cause they don't get to have a say in anything, but the moment the baby is born, you are responsible for it. it's your flesh and blood whether you like it or not. and next time, no matter what the woman tells you, use a condom. even if she is on the pill use a condom. the pill won't protect your ass from std's bubba. safer that way.

so men,  to recap: all is fair until the woman gets pregnant. after that, sorry, you are screwed! so, be a man and deal with it!
    


posted by the sandmonkey @ 3/12/2006 06:15:00 am
28 comments









	 
	 march 14th should be men's version of valentine's day
	 
    


      or as the people who are advocating for it call it: steak and bj day!

march 14th is now officially "steak and blowjob day". simple, effective and self explanatory, this holiday has been created so you ladies finally have a day to show your man how much you care for him.
no cards, no flowers, no special nights on the town; the name of the holiday explains it all, just a steak and a bj. thats it. finally, this twin pair of valentine's day and steak and blowjob day will usher in a new age of love as men everywhere try that much harder in february to ensure a memorable march 14th!

it is only fair!
    


posted by the sandmonkey @ 3/12/2006 06:12:00 am
14 comments









	 
	 gamal is the next president
	 
    


      i know it, you know it, even the wp knows it. then why are they still denying it?
    


posted by the sandmonkey @ 3/12/2006 06:09:00 am
1 comments









	 
	 stuff the media won't show you!
	 
    




(h/t ahmedt)

i agree!
    


posted by the sandmonkey @ 3/12/2006 06:05:00 am
2 comments









	 
	 may the shmoozing begin
	 
    


      the 2008 gop presidential hopefuls are starting their campaigns it seems. not wasting time are we?


the sandmonkey endorses condi for president. go condi!
    


posted by the sandmonkey @ 3/12/2006 05:59:00 am
3 comments






saturday, march 11, 2006



	 
	 just a thought
	 
    


      here is something that i just thought of: does it ever strike you as odd that the muslim world hates bush more than he does milosevic and saddam? i mean, the first engaged in a massive genocide against muslims (and was stopped by the us and nato forces), and the other attacked iran, kuwait and saudi, murderd thousands of their people, let alone killing thousands of kurds and shia's. but who does the average arab/muslim hate? bush.

how does this work again? does anyone know?
    


posted by the sandmonkey @ 3/11/2006 07:08:00 am
73 comments









	 
	 good riddence
	 
    


      milosevic is dead. found dead in his cell. and i am actually happy and glad, cause the guy is a murdering scumbag who had it coming for a long long long time. i hope he burns in hell for what he did. and hopefully saddam is next!
    


posted by the sandmonkey @ 3/11/2006 06:58:00 am
9 comments









	 
	 the danish conference is a failure
	 
    


      with all the shit that already happend, and with the dialogue being the way it is, is anyone surprised?
    


posted by the sandmonkey @ 3/11/2006 06:55:00 am
8 comments









	 
	 ban don quixote
	 
    


      one of my readers, paul, answerd my question on which book the world muslim population should ban next. the answer was, incredibly, don quixote. why? well, here is his e-mail:

 in chapter v we read:
  "...he thought himself of having recourse to his  usual remedy, which was to think of some passage in his books, and his craze  brought to his mind that about baldwin and the marquis of mantua, when carloto  left him wounded on the mountain side, a story known by heart by the  children, not forgotten by the young men, and lauded and even believed by the  old folk; and for all that not a whit truer than the miracles of  mahomet."
  and in chapter xvii 
 "they are at enmity," replied don quixote, "because  this alifanfaron is a furious pagan and is in love with the daughter of  pentapolin, who is a very beautiful and moreover gracious lady, and a christian,  and her father is unwilling to bestow her upon the pagan king unless he first  abandons the religion of his false prophet mahomet, and adopts his  own."
perhaps more objectionable might be cervantes'  racial slurs, e.g. chapter 9:   
"if against the present one any objection be  raised on the score of its truth, it can only be that its author was an arab, as  lying is a very common propensity with those of that nation"

nice! 

ban don quixote!




posted by the sandmonkey @ 3/11/2006 06:49:00 am
1 comments









	 
	 a new jesus conspiracy theory
	 
    


      there is this new book coming out that claims that jesus is not a prophet, and never really wanted to start a religion, but instead wanted just to rule israel and was the bastrad son of mary and a roman soldier. oh yeah.

this reminds me of this other book i read, it was called "the christ conspiracy: the greatest story ever sold!". the book, written by an archeologist, basically had the premise and the "historical evidence" to prove that not only was the story of jesus stolen from the legends of horus and vishnu, but that the disciples never really existed either, and were taken from other eastern legends. that the whole thing is a myth. for real.

i thought the whole thing was incredible, because, well, not only did the author of that book disprove christianity and jesus, he disproved islam as well. you see, the koran is very specific in its mention of jesus and mary and christianity as a previous religion of good. if you prove that jesus didn't exist, then by extension you prove that the koran is false, and poof, you have gotten rid of 2 religions for the price of one.

i am glad no one on the islamic side of things made that connection yet, other wise this dude would've gotten killed  faster than you can say fatwa.
    


posted by the sandmonkey @ 3/11/2006 04:46:00 am
5 comments









	 
	 why am i pro women rights?
	 
    


      well, because of statistics like these!
    


posted by the sandmonkey @ 3/11/2006 04:41:00 am
24 comments









	 
	 kidnapped christian peace activist found dead in iraq
	 
    


this is very sad:

the body of the only american among four christian peace activists kidnapped late last year was found in west baghdad with gunshots to his head and chest, iraqi police said saturday.
tom fox, 54, from clear brook, va., was the fifth american hostage killed in        iraq. there was no immediate word on his fellow hostages, a briton and two canadians. the u.s. command in baghdad confirmed that fox's body was picked up by american forces on thursday evening, although it provided no information on the condition. an iraqi police patrol was also at the scene, said falah al-mohammedawi, an official with the interior ministry, which oversees police. he said fox was found with his hands tied and gunshot wounds to his head and chest. there were cuts on his body and bruises on his head, al-mohammedawi said.this is even sadder:christian peacemaker co-directors doug pritchard and carol rose said in a statement, "in response to tom's passing, we ask that everyone set aside inclinations to vilify or demonize others, no matter what they have done."

so, the people who killed this man unarmed peace activist aren't villians or evil and we shouldn't call them that would be demonizing them. we shouldn't judge the killers of un-armed peace activists, people. that would be wrong.

hmm... ok! that makes sense!

sigh....
    


posted by the sandmonkey @ 3/11/2006 04:22:00 am
11 comments









	 
	 feeding the ever-expanding ego part ..ehh..i lost count
	 
    


      so, let's recap:

tomanbay critcizes me.
i respond.
yasmina and apobe defend me.
senefru supports me.
galal thinks i am a narcissist.
and canadian pharaoh thinks we are at war and offers to "mediate".

and then we have the comments:

mohamed thinks i am a tyrannical hypocrite.
hani thinks i don't know what i am talking about.
alb sayed gets depressed because of me.
tomanbay thinks i have a narrow focus, am intolerant and wielding an inferiority complex.
and candian pharaoh believes that "unlike him", i haven't really "brought any concrete solutions to the table". (read canadian pharaoh everyone. he has the solutions.)

this is both funny, entertaining and incredibly boring and depressing at the same time. i have people continiously insulting me when i never insulted them, calling me names when i never been anything but respectful towards them, and yet they can not possibly believe that i am not in agreement with them. it's as if they think i have to prove myself to them and think exactly like they do, or i will risk "alienating them". it's as if they are contantly saying "how dare you say what you say? your opinions are at variance with my own. you are therefore a hypocrite/self-hater/inferiority complex wielding/western-appeasing/uncle tom/blah blah." and then are surprised that i am not succumbing to immediate case of shameful self realization that i am wrong and they are right, flog myself in penance and then offer to not write anything without getting their approval first. yeah, ok!

guys, here is a novel idea: we can have a difference of opinions. yes, i know it sounds crazy, but like, we can actually disagree on stuff. yes, i know, i know, but believe me, it's possible. and not only is it possible, it's quite a good thing. i love me a good debate or argument, and nothing turns me on more than someone who mya have a completely different point of view and is capable of backing it up. i love that. i would like to see that. hellme and orientalism were masters at that, which is why i was very depressed when they pulled the plug ( and guys, if you are reading, puleeezeeee come back). i felt that the debate lost something that day and it still hasn't gained it back. i am aware i may not have all the solutions or the whole thing figured out, which is why i loved and respected their persepctive, even if i disagreed vehemently with them. they were capable of making me rethink things, unlike, well, you know who you are.

anyway: let's agree that we are mostly on the same side. let's agree that we may disagree on opinions or methods of approaching the problem. and let's agree that this is ok, and quite possible, without actually needing to personally attack each other. don't get me wrong, i love the attention (mohamed, you know you have a crush on me), but this has become infantile. so to stop this retardedness, i vow not to write anything else in regards to this topic on this blog. it ends here.

now, have a nice day, and please rememeber: there is such a thing as a difference of opinions.

the sandmonkey
    


posted by the sandmonkey @ 3/11/2006 02:11:00 am
14 comments










about me

name:  the sandmonkey 
location:  cairo, egypt 
view my complete profile



monkey business

sandmonkey e-mail!
 sandmonkey site feed

my other blog

eros turranos

support the neo-con american right-wing zionist christian imperialist conspiracy in the middle-east!





 (emergency escape money) 
sandmonkey favorites 

 powerbloggers 
stefania
the legendary kat
 andrew sullivan
kender
instapundit
solomon
atlas shrugs
 the anti-jihady club 
big pharaoh 
freedom for egyptians
one arab world
itm
highlander girl
nadz online
arabian dissent
egyptian person
us central command
or does it explode
senefru
jimmy
roba
natasha
my vast right wing conspiracy
 interesting egyptians 
yasmina 
a pair of brown eyes
the mozza
eblis
mostafa
otograph
shamoussa
lilith
shereen
hera
tomanbay
 relax & enjoy your stay 
egyptian sally
josie:the perfect woman
pamela
angry little prissy polly
cary
amg
elengil
tips from women
 snarky yet informative 
jeffery the psycho sicko american
a.i.r.
nikkie goompa
imao
dry bones
 morally interesting 
funky fresh freddie
a bdsm love story
eff yourself
halima of the sex industry
princess steph
postsecret


previous posts

count to 4
we have moved!
1,000,000 hits!
huh?????
keep your drug profits home!
george clooney is a liberal
unc iranian psycho: i did it all for allah
top 10 coolest lego creations
clever marketing
biden wants to cut and run

stuff you should read 

 about me 
 the sandmonkey question 
100 things about me 
 more stuff about me
 so when are you getting married?
 top 15 posts 
1) the 7 rules of the apu
2) religious tolerance in egypt 
3) no wonder 
4) story of the protest part1 and  part 2
5) what do we actually want from the west 
6) rocking it with ayman nour
7) a small government is a beautiful thing
8) to be or not to be ndp
9) 10 things i love about egypt
10) it wasnât about the oil stupid
11) my explanation for the iraq war 
12) religious tolerance in egypt responses
13) koran desecration and other forms of hypocrisy
14) the sandmonkey airport incident part 1 and part 2
15) the numbers tell the story
 the sandmonkey in the press 
 christian science monitor
 globe and mail
al ahram weekly
the guardian
stefania
honorable non-mention

archives

12/01/2004 - 01/01/2005
01/01/2005 - 02/01/2005
02/01/2005 - 03/01/2005
03/01/2005 - 04/01/2005
04/01/2005 - 05/01/2005
05/01/2005 - 06/01/2005
06/01/2005 - 07/01/2005
07/01/2005 - 08/01/2005
08/01/2005 - 09/01/2005
09/01/2005 - 10/01/2005
10/01/2005 - 11/01/2005
11/01/2005 - 12/01/2005
12/01/2005 - 01/01/2006
01/01/2006 - 02/01/2006
02/01/2006 - 03/01/2006
03/01/2006 - 04/01/2006





 












www.flickr.com

this is a flickr badge showing public photos from sandmonkey. make your own badge here.












 




