





 



 


alzheimers society of toronto








































 
home
skip to content


home



search for:



search



 








 




 menu





get help now






home



get help now
programs
learn
support the society
health care professionals
about us


calendardonate 









the alzheimer society of toronto is here to help





get help now





 

 
 



 
 











programs



learn



support the society 

 





due to the current effects of the overnight snow storm, all in-person support groups, programs and educations sessions are cancelled february 13. any planned virtual events will continue as scheduled.we apologize for the inconvenience, please stay safe!


 





love and the trick of time
a cahoots theatre production in collaboration with the alzheimer society toronto love and the trick of time explores our perception of time, and how the reality of loving those living with dementia changes our experience of it. weaving together the stories of care partners, it lifts the veil on what it is to love someone living with the disease as time becomes non-linear, transporting you from the present to the past to an uncertain future.february 14 – 16, 2025 




buy tickets today



 

 







 




find programs







previous 







active living
offering an exciting range of activities to enhance social inclusion and physical well-being while exploring the benefits of creative therapies for people with dementia and their care partners.




learn more


 
 
 







support services
we provide free dementia support to anyone touched by dementia in toronto, whether you’re a person with dementia or their family member, friend, or caregiver.




learn more


 
 
 







support groups
living with dementia or supporting someone with a diagnosis can be a complex experience. join a free dementia support group facilitated by one of our registered social workers to learn from individuals in similar situations and share insights.




learn more


 
 
 







ast courses & programs for healthcare professionals
we support personal support workers (psw) and other allied health care professionals (social workers, nurses occupational and recreational aides etc) through education and training. 




learn more


 
 
 







dementia friendly communities
the alzheimer society of toronto is committed to supporting and building a dementia friendly community.




learn more


 
 
 



next
 










view all events & programs


 
 










help ease the way through a difficult journey
your generosity helps us provide needed support, information and education to people with dementia, their families and caregivers. 
 






donate now




make a tribute gift


 
 




 





are you a health care professional?
learn how to make referrals to our first link® program to ensure that individuals and families living with dementia receive the support and information they need.




client referrals


 

 











join the ig wealth management walk for alzheimer’s
the ig wealth management walk for alzheimer’s is a community-based fundraising event happening in over 150 communities across canada. join us in toronto to honour and support people living with dementia in our community. together, we can make a difference.
 









join us may 24


 
 




 





volunteer
volunteers are an essential part of our success as an organization. with your help and contribution, we will continue to develop vibrant communities free of stigma while fostering the inclusion of people living with dementia, their families, neighbours, coworkers, and care partners.




join our volunteer team




not from toronto? find your local society



 

 

 

 






 

charitable business number:
10670 5262 rr0001




follow us on instagram!
follow us on facebook!


subscribe to us on youtube!


follow us on linkedin! 


 



head office
20 eglinton ave west, 16th floor
toronto, on m4r 1k8
hours: mon-fri 9:00am-5:00pm
directions to the office

mid-scarborough hub
2658 eglinton ave e
scarborough, on, m1k 2s3
call for appointment




contact
call: 416-322-6560
fax: 416-322-6656
email: info@alz.to



browse

get help now
support the society
programs
learn
health care professionals
about us








email address *first name last name 












telehealth ontario: 1-866-797-0000


				© copyright 2024 alzheimer society toronto. all rights reserved				privacy policy
 

















