




the brushback





last updated: october 16, 2017



other news


 archives | contact | faq | book | facebook



freshman hoops player to bleed kentucky blue for next six months or so


briefs


cam newton rips ball away from child after camera turns away
0-2 bengals admit they're still reeling from death of steely dan's walter becker
          

college football player made to do extra lap after sexual assault charge

2018 nets first rounder takes out full page thank you ad in boston globe
radar ranked number one thing nfl teams like to fly under


extra


brushback trivia
      who did john mcenroe defeat in the final to win his first wimbledon singles title? bjorn borg






  



top stories


 


joe thomas achieves career-long dream of getting injured







 





nfl.com gamecast screamed at





8-year relationship destroyed by red zone channel






talk show caller concerned about chris sale's release point
  






gatorade introduces new gatorade bucket that punches back


previous top stories


russell westbrook on why he chose to sign extension: ‘they offered me $205 million’
oklahoma city--mvp russell westbrook signed a 5-year $205 million extension with the oklahoma city thunder today, the richest contract in nba history. westbrook, the best player in the nba, could have signed with any team, but he chose to remain loyal to the club that drafted him. why? they offered him $205 million.
            


native americans change tune on cleveland indians after 19-game winning streak
cleveland--the national congress of american indians spoke out in support of the cleveland indians and their mascot, chief wahoo, yesterday, after the team won its 19th game in a row and expanded its al central lead to 13.5 games over the minnesota twins.  


jemele hill flooded with poorly written death threats
bristol, ct--espn personality jemele hill, who recently raised controversy by calling president trump a white supremacist on twitter, has been on the receiving end of a number of poorly written death threats in recent days.  


patriots fans not giving up on undefeated season yet
foxboro, ma--the new england patriots suffered a surprising defeat last night at the hands of the kansas city chiefs, losing 42-28 just hours after raising their fifth super bowl banner in front of a sold out crowd. 

andrew luck fears he may be close to returning to colts
indianapolis--andrew luck’s shoulder injury has been the subject of rampant speculation over the past few months, with no clear indication from the team or luck how severe it is or when he might return. 








©2017 the brushback.com® all rights reserved. 








i wrote a book








loading










