





























































moroccan furniture, lighting & design from moroccan bazaar













moroccan bazaar contracts


about

blog


services
craftsmanship

zouak
bone
mother of pearl
maillechort
wood
brass


portfolio

hotels

four seasons | casablanca, morocco
four seasons | marrakech, morocco
villa | four seasons | marrakesh, morocco
hilton, al houara | tangier, morocco
anantara | al jabel al akthar, oman
the mondrian | doha, qatar
tiara miramar, cannes | france
villa rosa kempinski, nairobi | kenya


restaurants

four seasons restaurant | marrakech, morocco
asha’s restaurant | manchester, uk
cafe andaluz | aberdeen, uk
le menar restaurant, london | uk


case studies


collection

lighting

ceiling lights
wall lights
floor lamps
table lamps


furniture

cabinets
mirrors
seating
tables
accessories


product families

bone encrusted collection
mother of pearl collection
nickel silver collection
brass collection
bone inlaid collection
hand painted wooden collection
carved wooden collection




contact us
 














 









we are specialist in the design and manufacture of exquisite decorative lighting, furniture and accessories made by our master artisans in morocco 

each stage of production uses a specific craftsmanship to produce intricate furnishings with a high quality finish and endless bespoke possibilities

 

we work with ff&e designers all over the world and film set designers on all styles of orientalist themes. we furnish palaces, hotels, restaurants, private residences and film sets
 

thanks to our in-house 3d graphic modelling and our expert craftsmanship, we are able to produce any shapes, sizes, forms and patterns from the most traditional to the most contemporary pieces
 



lighting
drawing on centuries-old techniques, our master craftsmen create bespoke lamps with an exquisitely detailed sculptural quality and the power, when lit, to fill any room with what we call baraka – a state of spiritual grace.

 
see more
furniture
chairs, tables, screens, cabinets – all of our pieces are hand-crafted to your specifications and adorned with the mesmerising floral and geometric motifs that infuse the furniture of morocco, egypt, syria and the rest of the middle east with such rich exoticism.
 
 see more
craftsmanship


brass so intricately pierced it could almost be lace. wood so artfully carved it rivals the finest calligraphy. tiled patterns so geometrically precise that they look computer-generated.
 
our artisans achieve all of these outstanding effects by hand, using techniques they first tried out as boys in their fathers’ workshops, and then honed through ten-year-long apprenticeships until – inshallah – they were declared to be ‘maalem’ or ‘masters’ of their craft.
 
now at work in our ateliers, these maalem are the inheritors of a – sadly dwindling – artistic tradition that could only have reached its zenith in morocco, where centuries of trade and migration have created a uniquely rich culture – berber and arabic; andalusian and french; islamic and jewish; egyptian and roman; persian and ottoman; east and west.
 


it is a heritage that we at moroccan bazaar are proud to have nurtured and preserved for over 70 years, breathing fresh life into these ancient islamic practices to create the kind of finely detailed interiors – both traditional and contemporary – that can only be achieved by hand.


see more
wall lightsfloor lampstable lampsceiling lights



about
services
craftsmanship
portfolio
collection
contact us
 
info@moroccanbazaar.co.uk
+44 (0) 20 8575 1818








marketing by unity online
 © moroccan bazaar 2025 | privacy policy


 




manage consent






to provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique ids on this site. not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions.





functional



functional

								always active							






the technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.





preferences


preferences







the technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.





statistics


statistics







the technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.
the technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your internet service provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.





marketing


marketing







the technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.





manage options
manage services
manage {vendor_count} vendors
read more about these purposes



accept
deny
view preferences
save preferences
view preferences


{title}
{title}
{title}



manage consent












