





switch zoo app


















switch zoo online, animal games and additional content are currently closed for maintenance and expected to reopen in the spring of 2025.




ipad

switch zoo lite
 
switch zoo
$2.99 usd





android

switch zoo free
 
switch zoo
$2.99 usd











make new animals by switching the heads, legs and tails of 142 animals at this virtual zoo!
 
   switch zoo app is the big zoo, with animations, sounds, bigger pictures, and more features. if you have fun making animals in switch zoo online, you'll love the app! available for ipad and android tablets.
big animals - animals in the switch zoo app are 60% larger than switch zoo online!  
morphing animatons with soundtracks - the primary animal parts (bear, bison, cheetah, etc.) change in surprising, sometimes funny, and often noisy ways.
my switcheroos - save the animals you make in your own collection.
        you can also name your animals and write stories about them. 
the randomizer - randomly switch the animals' heads, legs and tails simultaneously for great surprises. 
shake new animals (ipad only) -just shake your ipad to trigger the randomizer! 
animal profiles and fast facts - read
        interesting (and sometimes amazing) facts about the animals right in the game. 
142 species in nine habitats (switch zoo free has 28 animals in one habitat) - switch zoo  has great animal diversity. it's home to mammals, birds, fish,
        reptiles, amphibians, insects, and even mollusks! imagine the
        unusual creatures you'll be able to make from this diverse population! 



“...beyond
          its sidesplitting humor, this dazzling game of mix and match
          teaches children accurate info about animals and lets them
          make up names and bios for their surreal menagerie.” 
- the
          best computer games, 
          anne reeks, parenting magazine




switch zoo end user license agreement (eula) (pdf)

 



customer reviews
          from amazon

let your imagination run wild!
			  this is a fun game, you can come up with most bizarre creatures you can think of, i enjoyed it.
fun & giggles
				  kids love this sort of thing. easy to use. lots of choices to change the animals. good for the imagination. induces lots of giggles.intriguing
			  my autistic son spends hours on this game making different animals and finds it extremely entertaining (and funny!) it's a pretty simple program to use and helps build imagination skills. i would recommend this product for any child that loves animals.
sure way to get the laughter started...
          nice graphics and entertaining for young children; my 5 year old nephew loves the seemingly never-ending combination of animal body parts. you transpose this to that and there is no telling what wildly designed animal you will end up with. he is easily distracted at this age, but this app keeps him focused each time he plays.
			



 privacy policy
 
       switch zoo was created by




switch zoo online, animal games and additional content are currently closed for maintenance and expected to reopen in the spring of 2025.
 we apologize for the inconvenience.
		
 



 copyright â© 2025 tubehead. all rights reserved.



