



massa marittima tourist information





massa marittima
 tourist information about massa marittima, tuscany





massa marittima


accommodation


history of massa marittima


san galgano and montesiepi


church of saint augustine















 click
              here  for vacation accommodations in massa marittima. 










  massa marittima
- location and districts


massa marittima is situated in the maremma
of tuscany, italy - specifically, the inland hills of the

alta or northern maremma
- 51 km north of grosseto.
despite its name is some distance from the sea and in fact "marittima"
does not allude to the sea but rather to the maremma. massa marittima was founded by the
etruscans, like many cities in tuscany, and is located in the  colline metallifere
 so that its history is closely linked to the copper and silver mines nearby.
       the city can be divided into three distinct areas, la citta vecchia (old city), la città
      nuova (new city) and the borgo. each area is architecturally distinct
and among the sights to be seen are piazza garibaldi, il duomo, palazzo pretorio
and the palazzo communale. there is also a museum of mining which is partly
housed in a disused mine shaft. massa is the birthplace of the family
albizzeschi, san bernardino da siena (1380-1444). prata and the castles of
perolla and tatti are also of historic interest.


 massa marittima
is a   città slow  - a "slow town" of italy
 massa marittima - architecture
the mediaeval centre of the town is well preserved, with the gorgeous duomo, the palazzo pretorio, palazzo comunale, the

 church of sant' agostino and the fonte dell' abbondanza. it is considered one of the
      mediaeval jewels of tuscany.

      












● duomo of massa marittima

      it emerges at the top of a flight of steps in the beautiful piazza garibaldi, heart and focal point of the
      mediaeval city. built in the 13 c in romanesque-gothic style, of note is the
      beautiful façade with arches and small loggias surmounted by pinnacles. the pointed bell tower is
      characterised by a series of fine four-light windows. the three naved
      interior preserves notable works of art such as the 14 c travertine baptismal font, a
      13 c crucifix and the "madonna delle grazie" 14 c, attributed to duccio di buoninsegna. the duomo also preserves the "natività" by rutilio manetti and on the high altar, the
      marble sculpture "arca di san cerbone", a masterpiece of siennese school.
● palazzo pretorio at massa marittima

      13th century building with an elegant façade adorned by mullioned windows and coats of arms. it houses the "archaeological museum" with many roman and etruscan finds and the "pinacoteca" picture gallery where the "maestà" by ambrogio lorenzetti and some works by sassetta and sano di pietro are on display.

      ● palazzo comunale massa marittima

      romanesque building in the 13 c, created by the merging of three tower-houses.
● church of sant' agostino at massa marittima

      built in gothic style, the church has a travertine
      romanesque façade with portal, rose window and semi-octagonal abside with
      arches. inside are works by lorenzo lippi and rutilio manetti. 
      more abut the church and cloister of saint augustine at massa marittima.
● fonte dell' abbondanza at massa marittima

      attractive covered spring (click the picture for a larger view)

● mining museum at massa marittima

      consists in a series of underground tunnels recalling the real environment of the mine, with an exhibition of instruments and machinery, as well
      as a rich collection of stones and ores from the surrounding mining area.
      






      not far from  massa marittima is the famous ruined gothic  abbey
      of san galgano   and the   hermitage of montesiepi.







 balestro del girifalco
      of massa marittima
the "balestro del girifalco" has taken place since ancient times, twice a year
       on the first sunday after may 20 and the 2nd sunday of august. the
      balestro is a crossbow competition between the quarters of the city, named "
      terzieri", which consists of hitting the target placed at a distance of 36 meters from the start. each crossbowman, 24 maximum, shoots an arrow. the crossbowman who is able to put the arrow nearest the target centre is the winner. a gold arrow made by an artist, is the prize for the winning arbalester, whereas, the winning quarter receives the
      "palio", a painted silk cloth. about 200 people in mediaeval costumes take part in this
      pageant.

      the event starts at 17:30 and ends about 20:00. tickets are for sale on the same day starting 10:00 in museo archeologico in the main square (same square where the event takes place). numbered seats cost 16 euro, entry tickets to the square where you can seat on the steps of the cathedral if you find room cost 8 euro.
      









> > > click the small pictures for a larger view < < <








 


 








history of massa marittima (massana)

      massa marittima, in the province of grosseto, in tuscany, was first mentioned in the
      8 c. it grew at the expense of 
      populonia, an ancient city of the etruscans, where numerous
      etruscan ruins may be viewed today. populonia was important on account of its iron,
      tin and copper works. it was besieged by sulla, and in strabo's time was already
      in decline and later it suffered at the hands of totila, of the lombards, and in 817, of a byzantine fleet. after this, the bishops of populonia abandoned the town, and in the eleventh century, established their residence at massa. in 1226 massa became a commune under the protection of pisa. in 1307 it made an alliance with siena, which was the cause of many wars between the two republics that brought about the
      downfall of massa as an economic centre. 

 the first known bishop of populonia was atellus (about
      495) and another was saint cerbonius (546), protector of the city, to whom saint gregory refers in his dialogues. among the bishops of massa were the friar antonio (1430), a former general of the franciscans, and legate of boniface ix; leonardo dati (1467), author of poetic satires; alessandro petrucci (1601), who embellished the cathedral and the episcopal palace; the camaldolese eusebio da ciani (1719), who governed the diocese for fifty-one years. this see was at
      first suffragan of
 
      pisa, but since 1458 of sienna.
      
click here for a  more detailed history of massa marittima









off
                  the beaten track - the tuscan maremma






the maremma is a large and diverse area of southwestern tuscany
                  and northernmost latium, encompassing the tyrrhenian
                  seashore, coastal plains and inland hill towns.   click here
to learn about the maremma beaches, hot springs, nature reserves,
                  etruscan ruins and great places to stay.
















maps of massa marittima
















vacation rentals in the chianti classico wine territory of tuscany





for
                your vacation in tuscany, stay in the cool chianti hills -
                        villas, agriturismi, self-catering apartments with pool.
                        check our  greve
                in chianti holiday homes web site.













web
design, hosting, content management by ammonet

massa marittima
©  ammonet infotech 
 2000 - 2020. all rights reserved.



