







crane service industries | nationwide crane training | bakersfield, california



























  
jump to navigationjump to search



crane service industries

call 661-496-5603
classes - exams - training
get more information > 








nccco crane operator traininga personal approach to training
learn more






















 



nationwide crane training
crane service industries offers crane training classes nationwide. with convenient scheduling and many locations our services will match your needs. whether you're an individual looking for an open enrollment training course or a company representative looking to schedule company training, we look forward to working with you. our crane training courses meet all state requirements and will prepare candidates to take the nccco certification examinations.
learn more > 

csi registration
661-496-5603request information
ken koop
instructor & examiner
louis suniga, jr
instructor & examiner 661-331-8577 

next class






recertification
need to get recertified? don’t wait until the last minute before your certification expires. csi offers classes to prepare you for your exam.learn more > 

ca crane laws
learn about ca crane laws and regulations taught in our program.learning resources > 

testimonial
“i just wanted to take a minute and thank you both for everything. your class structure and teaching style was excellent and provided me with all the knowledge i needed to pass both the written and practical exams with ease. it was beneficial to attend your school and learn from someone who has both industry knowledge and industry opportunities. again, thank you and keep up the great work!”tom d. 

connect online

twitter
facebook
linkedin
 

 

 

 













 
 




homeabout usphoto gallerycrane trainingprogramsmobile crane operator trainingpricingwritten exampractical examrigger trainingpricingwritten exampractical examhandbooks & manualssignalperson trainingpricingwritten exampractical examscheduletraining locationnationwide crane trainingupcoming classesstate requirementsfaqrecertificationpricingfaqresourcescontact 
 
 


 


crane trainingnccco certificationrecertificationtraining location
contactph: 661-496-5603send us a messagewebsite feedback
companyabout usphoto galleryinstructors
resources
cal/osha
nccco
asme
load charts

crane service industries 3110 gibson st, bakersfield, ca 93308 | map | ph: 661-496-5603 | ©2025 all rights reserved | sitemap
 
“crane service industries endorses the national certification program offered by the national commission for the certification of crane operators (nccco), and provides training to prepare candidates for nccco examinations.”
 
website by grizzly ocean

 












