ï»¿





custom stained glass | leaded glass windows from sgo designer glass


















 










sitemap |  blog |  news |  partners 













custom stained glass and leaded glass windows
custom stained glass is a specialty for sgo designer glass. we build custom architectural decorative glass for residential, commercial and religious clients. through our network of nearly three hundred independently owned studios located across north america and around the world, we probably have a studio in your market. 
our studios offer products made using our stained glass overlay decorative glass process as well as a complete line of related architectural decorative glass products including: slumped glass, stained glass, bevelled, leaded glass window, laminated and textured glass, as well as iron art glass and sgo life film.

















bathrooms, shower enclosures, 
ceilings, domes, and skylights
entryways and doors
kitchens and cabinets
windows and textured glass

residential photo gallery

restaurants, hotels
casinos, lounges, clubs
retail stores, offices
corporate designs
we specialize in custom designs in the hospitality industry.


commercial photo gallery

churches and other places of worship
altars and vestibules
we have completed an extensive portfolio of outstanding religious stained glass projects. 


religious photo gallery











connect with sgo on facebook
become a fan of sgo designer glass on facebook and you'll be able to see photos of some of our favorite stained glass projects, hear about upcoming home shows and events, and connect with sgo franchisees and other customers!  
if you don't already have a facebook account, it's easy and free to join. click here to see our page where you'll find design ideas, product spotlights, and more. we are constantly adding new content, so be sure to check back often.  


sgo in disney world's new cinderella's castle
sometimes the projects that our franchisees create touch the lives of millions.  our recent involvement with the creation of the new disney suite in  cinderella's castle at disney world in orlando is one such example.  
click here to take a tour through the exclusive penthouse at the very top of the castle to see how sgo and disney's 25 year partnership of creativity continues to bring color to the magic of disney using custom stained glass.


abc-tv's "extreme makeover: home edition" features sgo designer glass
sgo designer glass was called upon by the producers of the popular abc-tv's primetime show "extreme makeover: home edition" to create over 150 square feet of designer glass for a cheyenne, wy home. the existing home, which was poisoned by radon, was completely demolished and a new home constructed in just 7 days.
christine atchison from sgo designer glass said, "the project was a huge undertaking. sgo fabricated over 100 sf of stained glass overlay for the entryway and another 50sf for the great room. 
continued on next page...


sgo "extreme makeover: home edition"
(continued from previous page) we worked closely with the emhe designers to create an extraordinary design for the entryway with colors that would work with both the interior and exterior of the house. when the entryway design was complete we started on the designs for the great room. the art glass panels for the great room are unique. the design had to compliment the entryway and match the curtain and paint colors in the room itself. three large panels were created and installed 4" off the wall with lighting above. the pieces are absolutely magnificent and show how much more you can do with art glass than the standard window or hanging pieces".
the episode took place in cheyenne, wyoming, and aired on november 4, 2007.
"i am so excited for the viewers to see the work that we did for this project and we hope that this art glass brings endless years of beauty to this family" said atchison.





page 1 page 2 page 3 page 4

















 


 
some photos courtesy ultraglas, inc.
 










