








home - titronics research & development, inc













































































 












319-545-7377
info@titronics.com



facebook


 





facebook




0 items
 












v3-cloud software
products

c5000 usb scanner
c7000 bluetooth scanner
ty-trom digitial goniometer
adjustment simulator
downloads and drivers


resources

downloads and drivers
tytron thermography
frequently asked questions
research and knowledge

dysautonomia


video library


about us

testimonials


contact us
 





select page


  
 



 



 















 
productschiropracticassessment toolstytron paraspinal thermography
ty-trom digital rom
adjustment simulator
softwareindustry standard graphingsoftware advancesindustry leadingadvances ingraph analyticstech supportfast friendly service and supporttechnical support
training
resources
repair supportfast friendly service and supportequipment manufacturing
maintenance
training
resources
education and trainingeducation and trainingtraining - education
resources - research
marketing materials
salessales and marketingtraining - education
resources - research
marketing materials
purchasing, shipping, affiliates
 










v3 software - comparisons, demo , signup





























francis marcone, dcdear roger,first off, i want to thank you for the conversion. it’s awesome! second, i want to thank you for the very fast turnaround, and last, but not least i really appreciate the work you & your team do to make our jobs objective & consistent.  have an awesome week.sincerely,francis marconeherbert b. schraw bs, dc“i have always used analytical instrumentation.  when first in practice i used a nervo-o-scope then ncm followed by thermascribe.  i also used dtg 500, dtg mark v, dtg decade iii r, and most recently dtg dt25.i recently purchased the titron 7000 and can not state enthusiastically enough how much i like this instrument.  this is the finest clinical instrument i have ever used.  not only is it a great tool for the doctor to be able to deliver higher quality care but it is also a wonderful patient education tool.i am of the generation that is severely technology challenged and the support i received from titronics was a godsend and they made everything easy with the setup … can’t thank them enough.”“the best objective measurement that a chiropractor can use.”i have been using titronics for over 15 years and it is by far the best objective measurement that a chiropractor can use. having a tool that gives you certainty and allows you to give the highest quality of care is amazing. for any chiropractor that wants to get results for their patients, i would highly recommend using titronics in their office.– dr. alison bremner, boulder cowilliam c. amalu, dc, dabct, fiactpatients in today’s “visual” world really connect with the tytron’s digital display of chiropractic in action. we have seen a significant increase in referrals just from having patients take their scans home to show others. i have to say that incorporating the tytron c-6000 into my practice was definitely the single most important decision i have ever made.essential to knowhaving a tool as easy, complete, reliable, responsive, accurate, precise, and durable as the c7000 is a key component of client care in my office.the new analytics are shedding light on my thinking about patterns and expanding my hope that more offices utilize this ‘developed within chiropractic’ technology that helps us detect the presence of vertebral subluxation.dwayne a. hoskins, ba, dcpurechironowdr. carl gillman, dc“i use a tytron instrument in my practice every day. it objectively gets me closer to the neural component of the subluxation and enables me to make better clinical decisions. utilizing thermography will make you a better chiropractor and the tytron is the best instrument for the job, period.”matthew costantinohealthsource chiropractic & progressive wellnessi have been a client since 1996! i couldn’t imagine practicing without one of their paraspinal infrared scanners. and their products are built to last! they are amazing! if i could give 10 stars i would!michael hurley, dc“i really cannot speak highly enough about the titronics rom device.  it has been an integral part of every new patient examination and re-evaluation i perform in my office.  as an upper cervical specific chiropractor, i value the precision of measurement and reproducible results the titronics rom delivers.  i also appreciate that the rom software integrates with the titronics 2.0 scanner software database; saving valuable time by eliminating double entry of patient information.  patients are impressed with the beautiful graphics of the rom software and printable reports.  they are even more impressed with the glasses used for cervical spine rom… major “wow” factor!  if you are looking for a high-quality, affordable, precision instrument to document rom improvements in your practice while impressing your patients at the same time, look no further!  thanks, titronics!”dr. rob ohlsen, dc“i’ve used the tytron for some time now and it is a wonderful tool for determining what is going on with the patient neurologically.  i would recommend it to anyone that wished to do pattern work or to have a visual tool to check the neurological response to an adjustment.  it is extremely accurate and reproducible.  it is the best piece of equipment i have ever purchased!”joe criscuola​, dcclick here for joe criscuola , dc video testimonialdr.joe criscuola
heritage chiropractic wellness center
2824 rogers road suite 204 – wake forest, nc 27587
(919) 453-0367 – drjoe@wakeforestchiro.com – www.wakeforestchiro.com





technical support




service and repair




marketing, sales & training








instructions on general use

« prev1 / 1next »why should i use titronics scanners   final cut2021 0915 titronics scanner use   introduction 12021 0915 titronics scanner use   introduction 2from np to printout   final cutwide linesintro to using b and ytouch screen2021 0630 titronics training w dr luke2020 08 de thermography math physics physiology2019 1005 thermography and pediatrics2022 evidence-based use of paraspinal thermography in the chiropractic clinic2019 0525 sacred trust st louis 720ptitronics at 2022 palmer lyceum2023 0104 presentation overview with dr lawlor« prev1 / 1next »



v3-cloud software demo and instructions

« prev1 / 1next »titronics v3 software training   01 introduction and sign ontitronics v3 software training 01a things to think abouttitronics v3 software training   02 setup scan displaytitronics v3 software training   03 hybrid delta t and settingstitronics v3 software training   04 transparent overlay scan comparisontitronics v3 software training   05 direct temp overlaytitronics v3 software training 06 congruence areas and composite pattern2022 1010 titronics cloud software   4 layers of analytics2023 0810 titronics convo with dr fred schurger« prev1 / 1next »



 


 post views: 3,128
 








 






facebook


(c) 2022 by titronics research and development, inc  |  purple moose studios 

































































































