



connecticut antiques online dealers american european furniture estate gold diamond jewelry sterling silver paintings fine art porcelain ceramics objects of art antiquing in new england


































toggle navigation




oneofakindantiques.com





categories 

advertising
african art masks
antiquities
architectural
art pottery
asian
baskets
books
boxes
brass copper bronze pewter
cast iron
childrens
chinese
clocks / timepieces / watches
decorative objects
desk articles
epherma
featured / fabulous finds
fine art
firearms, militia guns
folk art
furniture
glass art
india
japanese
jewelry / estate / gold / silver
kitchen items
lighting
maritime
mirrors
musical
native american
photographic / photos / cameras
porcelain
prints / lithographs / etchings
memorabilia
sculpture
sewing
silver
sports memorabilia
stoneware
textiles
tiffany
tools
toys



information 

antiques price guide
appraisals
about one of a kind antiques
consigning & purchasing
contact us
selling your items
payment policy
shipping
privacy policy
return policy
connecticut sales tax
customer feedback
auction services
bookmark our website
selling silver and gold
link to one of a kind antiques





enter keywords to search




        		     any word(s)
        	



        		     all word(s)
        	

search


receive email updates!









established 1975


one of a kind
antiques
oneofakind antiques.com


online since 1995



 


 


 


contact us







					[
you are on page # 1 in the lighting category of our website. there are 73 items in this category.  click one of the pages below to view more items in this category.





← previous
1
2
3
4
5
 . . . 
11
12
13
14
15
next →






click any image to zoom























rds historic lighting copper lantern

item# 12132    $1150

rds historic lighting copper lantern with wall bracket. hand crafted from solid copper. measures 18 inches high by 6 inches wide by 8.25" deep. wired for interior or exterior use. richard d. scofield made the finest hand crafted exact copies of period american lighting in the country, and was allowed by historic deerfield to make copies of its collection.
customer feedback | how to purchase | shipping / handling
shipping extra. connecticut residents add 6.35 percent sales tax. buyers outside of the united states are responsible for any customs taxes or tariffs that may apply.



click any image to zoom



















rds early american style double reflector tin wall sconce

item# 12125    $745

rds historic lighting early american colonial style double reflector tin wall sconce hand crafted with hand dipped beeswax candles. excellent condition. measures 11.5 inches high by 12 inches wide by 6 inches deep. richard d. scofield made the finest hand crafted exact copies of period american lighting in the country and was allowed by historic deerfield to make copies of its collection.
customer feedback | how to purchase | shipping / handling
shipping extra. connecticut residents add 6.35 percent sales tax. buyers outside of the united states are responsible for any customs taxes or tariffs that may apply.



click any image to zoom











chinese oxblood porcelain lamp

item# 12124    $595

vintage chinese oxblood glaze porcelain vase mounted as a lamp on a wooden base. excellent working order. gorgeous custom square shade of tan ribbed silk. measures 24" high to finial. the base is 6.5" square. the vase is 14" high and 7" wide.
customer feedback | how to purchase | shipping / handling
shipping extra. connecticut residents add 6.35 percent sales tax. buyers outside of the united states are responsible for any customs taxes or tariffs that may apply.



click any image to zoom



















rds historic lighting cross arm iron chandelier

item# 12120    $895

rds historic lighting 5 cross arm chandelier. hand made iron and tin with hand dipped real beeswax candles. perfect for a country kitchen or dining room. excellent working condition. measures 8.5 inches high by 18.5 inches wide. richard d. scofield made the finest hand crafted exact copies of period american lighting in the country and was allowed by historic deerfield to make copies of its collection.
customer feedback | how to purchase | shipping / handling
shipping extra. connecticut residents add 6.35 percent sales tax. buyers outside of the united states are responsible for any customs taxes or tariffs that may apply.



click any image to zoom




























18thc persian pottery jar mounted as a lamp

item# 12098    $875

mid to late 18th century persian pottery carmel glazed jar mounted as a lamp. height to finial 25 inches; width at shoulder 8.5 inches. gorgeous crackled glaze: runny blue on sandy pink ground.
customer feedback | how to purchase | shipping / handling
shipping extra. connecticut residents add 6.35 percent sales tax. buyers outside of the united states are responsible for any customs taxes or tariffs that may apply.







← previous
1
2
3
4
5
 . . . 
11
12
13
14
15
next →













copyright ©1995-2025, oneofakindantiques.com, llc. owned and operated by one of a kind antiques, llc. all rights reserved. one of a kind antiques, dealers since 1975  in: american, european & asian antiques, baroque, rococo, empire, federal, regency, victorian, arts and crafts, art deco, mid century modern & country furniture, folk art, fine art, decorative objects, silver, rugs, ceramics & lighting.
grandpashabet
grandpashabet giriş
palacebet
royalbet
palacebet giriş
pashagaming
hızlıbahis
palacebet güncel giriş
pashagaming giriş
royalbet giriş
grand pashabet
porno

 







