





arcady holistic | holistic healing














































arcady holistic


navigation


home page
location
contact
rates
questions


home page
location
contact
rates
questions









 
arcady holisticin service in calgary since 2001book





holistic health services

















colon cleansing encompasses a number of alternative medical therapies claimed to remove nonspecific toxins from the colon and intestinal tract.
colonic hydration









reiki is a form of alternative medicine developed in 1922 by japanese buddhist mikao usui. since originating in japan, reiki has been adapted into varying cultural traditions across the world.
reiki









massage involves working and acting on the body with pressure. techniques are commonly applied using hands, fingers, elbows, knees, forearm, feet, or a device.
massage









deep tissue massage therapy is similar to swedish massage, but the deeper pressure is beneficial in releasing chronic muscle tension. the focus is on the deepest layers of muscle tissue, tendons and fascia
deep tissue










colonic hydrotherapy 
 $85per session  
know more



rates for massagethai table$100  hr $140  1.5 hr$180  2 hrtherapeutic$100  hr$140  1.5 hr$180  2 hrjade hot stone$110  hr$150  1.5$190  2 hrthai herbal ball$110  1  hr$150  1.5 hr$190  2   hrrelaxation$100  1 hr$140  1.5 hr$180  2 hraromatherapy$110  1hr$150  1.5 hr$190  2 hrreiki energy$90   1 hr$130  1.5 hr$170  2 hrour location#5, 1922 - 9th avenue se, calgary, ab t2g 0v2call(403) 263 6568info@arcadyholistic.cacontact us
 









  
  
  
  

 frequently asked questionswhat is colon hydrotherapy?colon hydrotherapy or colonic irrigation, also known as a colonic, is the infusion of purified warm water into the colon through the rectum using an fda certified machine and released through a disposable tube into the sewage system.
 the introduction of the water stimulates the colon to contract in its natural manor (peristalsis) evacuating the contents of the   5’ long organ. gentle abdominal massage aids in releasing fecal impactions, moving the water around to break up buildup on the colon wall. it also stimulates peristalsis aiding the colon in the evacuating process.colon hydrotherapy is a safe, gentle and effective way to eliminate waste and toxins built up over a life time from the body while restoring proper organ function and stimulating the immune system.colon hydrotherapy has been practiced since ancient times. in today’s toxic society it is now a core component of health maintenance and disease prevention in cultures around the world.
read morewhy get a colonic?when the function of the colon is compromised, the system becomes backed up, becomes toxic, and releases the toxins through the bowel walls into the bloodstream creating repetitive and unnecessary work for the liver and other organs in the body. 


this cycle can lead to undesirable health conditions and various types of disease, such as allergies, skin disorders, arthritis, migraine headaches, heart disease, gout, crohn’s disease, constipation, chronic fatigue, parasites and candida, amongst many other conditions.consider these factors that the colon and digestive system have to deal with on a daily basis… lifestyle factors such as stress, a sedentary lifestyle, alcohol, cigarettes, recreational drugs, etc. environmental toxins such as, exposure to beauty and household products, air pollution, chemicals in our food and industrial exposure. diets that are diminished in nutrients, processed and refined foods, lack of fiber and green leafy vegetables.many people are unaware of the impact these factors have on their colon until they become very sick. it is only then that they begin to understand just how problematic their bowel function really can be. a clean colon encourages the entire body to detoxify and return to a more healthy and balanced state of well-being.

read moreinteresting facts:the average colon can hold anywhere form 8 to 25 lbs of accumulated fecal matter. auto-intoxication is when the body slowly poisons its self by maintaining a cesspool of decaying matter in its colon. 

the toxins released by the decay process cross the bowel wall directly into the bloodstream where every organ, tissue and cell are then exposed to them. because it weakens the entire system auto-intoxication can be linked to nearly every disease. colorectal cancer is now the second leading cause of death from cancer. 

read morehow many will i need?this answer is different for everyone. in today’s toxic society there are many factors that come into play ie: diet, medications, age, level of toxicity, stress management etc. 

the first session familiarizes the body with the procedure and begins the cleansing process, subsequent sessions build on the one prior allowing the colon to release older waste that has been accumulated in the colon over a lifetime. additional sessions are booked close together so that the bowel can remain more hydrated then usual and soften material that may be dehydrated and stuck allowing it to be released during the sessions. after your first session the therapist can make a recommendation based on the results of the session and your personal goals.

read morewill i become dependant on colonics? no. regular colon cleansing ignites regular bowel movements like no other treatment is capable of. hydrotherapy sessions gently and effectively stimulate the natural peristaltic motions of your colon, over time, this increases your colon’s muscle strength and its ability to have regular and frequent bowel movements. 
how do i prepare for my treatment? to get the most from your session we ask that you eat lightly in the days leading up to your treatment. 
soups, salads, smoothies, fresh fruits, vegetables and juices are all good choices. please avoid heavy meals if possible in the days before ie: red meats and starches. be sure to drink plenty of water to ensure proper hydration. this recommendation also applies to the days following your treatment. on the day of your treatment please do not have anything to eat or drink two hours prior to your appointment, this is for your comfort during the procedure.
read morewhat does a session look like?you will be welcomed into a warm and relaxing space where you can relax so that you can tend to and nurture your mind body and spirit. your therapist will answer any questions you may have about your treatment. feeling at ease can help to over come any apprehension that you may feel. 

being a little nervous is normal, however know that you are in the hands of capable and supportive therapists who understand everything you are experiencing. it is our belief that the emotional component of release is directly tied to the physical letting go.the procedure is very safe, simple and sanitary. our system is a closed system meaning that the material being released from your colon is never exposed; it goes straight to the sewage system.the water flows in one direction as follows:warm water enters the filtration system. the system is triple filtered and uv rayed eliminating any impurities in the water.next the purified water is routed down a small tube by gravity that is connected to the speculum (the inlet tube). the speculum is a small disposable device approximately 1” in diameter that is inserted into the rectum. as water flows into the speculum it flows up into the colon.a larger tube (the outlet tube) is connected to the speculum and serves as the outflow mechanism, the outlet tube is connected directly to the sewage system.as water is flowing into the colon, the outlet tube is closed off to allow for a one way flow into the colon. when it is time to release the water from the colon, the outlet tube is opened allowing the water and fecal matter to flow through the outlet tube and send the waste to into the sewage system.sessions are 45-50 minutes in length. clients are completely covered during the treatment. during the session clients are encouraged to use various breathing techniques to facilitate the releasing process. clients are also free to ask any questions they may have about bowel health and nutrition.

read more








web design by 
servicestream calgary

call arcady  (403) 263 6568  



 











toggle the widgetbar

 



















