



teacup poodle puppies for sale | teacup yorkie | tiny toy poodle






















































































teacup poodle and teacup yorkie puppies for sale

318-729-4467
new -->teacup poodle description | teacup yorkies | adults for sale

puppies for sale | adult sires | adult dams | puppies sold | contact us | please tour our kennel | link resources












thank you for stopping by





to visit our site. here you will find





some of the most beautiful teacup










poodles and yorkies on the internet.




we are a small family business in central





louisiana, professionally breeding



poodles and yorkies for 27 years.









we have come a long way and learned






a lot. through generations of breeding




our small puppies, we truly produce




teacups and not runts. we at velvet touch






kennel strive very hard to provide to you



the very best puppy possible.










look around at all the beautiful



healthy puppies we have for sale and










have sold and you will see for yourself



that what we have to offer is truly the




best teacups you will discover.



teacup poodles and tiny




teacup yorkies is our








specialty. take a look at other sites



and you will find yourself coming




back here again and again.






































we no longer post our puppies for sale here


you can call us at 318-729-4467 or


go to our facebook page to see our latest updates


















new
take a look at our teacup poodles we have sold
click on the picture link










read all about it!
read the cover story about how velvet touch kennel became what it is today in the august/september 2008 issue of
kennel spotlight magazine.

click on the picture --->












copy our banner and link to velvet touch kennel




e-mail us at  velvetouch@teacuppoodles.com

janet bordelon
318-729-4467
1460 vandenburg drive --- alexandria, louisiana. 71303
velvet touch kennel - smallest teacup poodle puppies
call for more information and prices on our teacup puppies

our teacup poodles come in many colors such as: white, black, red, apricot, cream, silver, chocolate and parti

poodles - poodle breeders - poodle for sale - toy poodle - tiny toy poodle
poodle puppies - velvet touch poodles - tiny poodle puppies - very tiny teacup poodles
yorkie - teacup yorkie - yorkie puppy - yorkie breeder

new -->teacup poodle description | teacup yorkies | adults for sale

puppies for sale | adult sires | adult dams | puppies sold | contact us | please tour our kennel | link resources

   


make velvet touch kennel your home page by clicking here!

add this site to your favorites by clicking here!


web site design and development by jimmy bordelon





