























office of campus activities | appalachian state university




























skip to main content












search terms



search












office of campus activities



toggle navigation















about
club hub
start a club
club resources
events
contact



















find your place at appalachian
 

the office of campus activities at appalachian state university facilitates transformational student experiences by creating a vibrant student life community where all students feel valued, connected, and successful.






            the office of campus activities at appalachian state university facilitates transformational student experiences by creating a vibrant student life community where all students feel valued, connected, and successful.
        

we are committed to the holistic development and success of all students, the cultivation of inclusive spaces and communities, and the fostering of meaningful relationships and lifelong learning.  please explore our website and get inspired to get involved in the countless clubs, organizations, programs, and learning opportunities we offer!






appalachian popular programming society 










club council 










fraternity & sorority life 










student government 










find an organization 






events






welcome to app
welcome to app is an extension of orientation, geared toward helping new students learn their way around campus, make friends, and feel comfortable and confident about life in and out of the classroom.
learn more 










homecoming
join us at app state to celebrate homecoming and embrace mountaineer pride through engaging with students, alumni, faculty, staff, and the local community.
learn more 





 
find more events on engage.

accommodations
appalachian is committed to providing an inclusive experience for individuals with disabilities. if accommodations are needed in order to fully participate on the basis of a disability contact the office of disability resources at (828)262-3056.
 

 









contact
office of campus activitiesplemmons student union263 locus stboone, nc 28608phone: 828-262-6252email us


links
 home
 disclaimer
 eo policy
 accessibility
 privacy policy
 login



networking
 facebook
 instagram










website manager: holcombba1
copyright 2025 appalachian state university. all rights reserved.







