












home | massachusetts land trust coalition















      skip to main content
    








menu



main navigation


events


calendar


land conservation conference


conservation partner meetings


workshops and networking


land trust / state agency retreat




updates


all updates


enews




resources


job board


service provider directory


listserv


early conservation career network


grants database


land trust resource library


landowner resource library


video library




advocacy


policy priorities


action alerts


quarterly policy updates


advocacy resources




membership


become a member


current members


other ways to give




about


our work


our team


excellence in conservation award


strategic plan


annual report


contact us




find a land trust


list view


map view


gis datalayer








call to action links


donate


enews sign up






search











 









picone farm. photograph by jerry monkman of ecophotography, courtesy of wildlands trust.

strengthening land trusts. advancing land conservation.












register for the 2025 mass. land conservation conference!
join us on friday, march 23 at umass amherst to hear keynote speaker congressman jim mcgovern speak on the state of the environment under a new administration & congress. in addition to 23 workshops, a host of exhibitors, and the opportunity to catch up with colleagues and friends from across the state, we're also offering pre-conference talks by lead sponsors. learn more and register now! 










calendar




feb20

thu, feb 20 2025, 2
 - 3pm

quarterly zoom for all-volunteer land trusts (avlts)

via zoom

the focus topic this quarter will be "stewardship management & recordkeeping tools". share your experiences and/or bring questions for your avlt colleagues. last quarter's call on databases was especially engaging, so join us this month for another "tech" talk. part of mltc's stronger together networking program. this call will not be recorded.
register




feb27

thu, feb 27 2025, 4
 - 5pm

tax benefits for land protection: a primer for land trusts

via zoom

land protection staff should possess a good working knowledge of the various tax benefits associated with the types of land acquisitions. we cannot give legal or tax advice, but we can expose landowners to these concepts and potential strategies. most landowners want to preserve their property because they love it…but tax breaks are a great incentive to get them to follow through. in this one-hour zoom session we will touch on local, state and federal types of tax savings. we will also provide an interactive tax worksheet as a takeaway for attendees to use on their own. q. if you are a low income landowner with a high value property, what is the best way to donate it and maximize tax benefits? if you know how these tax benefits all work together, you will know the right answer. the workshop will be led by rob warren and mark robinson who have more than 80 years total experience working with hundreds of landowners.
register




mar4

tue, mar 4 2025, 12
 - 1pm

sponsor seminar: beyond the "illusion of preservation" (umass amherst / masswoods)

via zoom

with paul catanzaro, umass professor and state extension foresternew england touts a strong conservation ethic, but we suffer from a considerable shortfall in production of forest products compared to our enormously high rates of consumption and our capacity for sustainable production. given new england's favorable climate and abundant, productive forests, as well as new englanders' strong capacity to apply strict environmental oversight, few places on earth should be better poised to be a leader in advancing forest protection and the sustainable harvesting of forest products while upholding ecological and social values. this webinar will discuss an ambitious vision for 2060 to protect forests, reduce consumption, and expand ecological forestry that would not only remedy these production and consumption imbalances but also dramatically enhance protection of our forests and propel us toward meeting urgent climate and biodiversity goals.
register




mar7

fri, mar 7 2025, 10am
 - 12:15pm

march 2025 conservation partner meeting

via zoom

land trust staff and board members as well as conservation partners are welcome to this quarterly meeting, featuring relevant news from state agencies, a timely update on state and federal policy matters, announcements, and a featured topic.  formerly known as "steering committee meetings", these meetings are convened by mltc's partner...
register





view all events




updates




february 11, 2025
updated: reports of conference attendee lists being offered for sale
mltc staff and a number of our contacts have recently received emails from multiple senders, offering to sell a list of visitors/attendees to the march 21 mass. land conservation conference being held at umass amherst. after consulting with the security departments of our crm, events platform, and our computer consultant, we are confident that our systems have not been hacked, nor has information been leaked.
click the title of this summary for more information.




february 10, 2025
federal funding uncertainty - resources
in this period of uncertainty regarding federal funding, there are some resources to help federal grantees with steps they can take to protect themselves. 
please click the title of this summary to access links





view all updates









keep exploring

 


tucker preserve. photograph by jerry monkman of ecophotography, courtesy of wildlands trust.

find a land trust


 


statehouse celebration for passage of the public lands protection act, january 2023. photograph by julia hopkins.

advocacy


 


courtesy of franklin land trust.

resources

















get enews updates
find out about news items, upcoming events, workshops, and conferences, jobs and internships, and grant opportunities
sign up



support our work
enable land trusts do what they do best: protect more land.
donate






social


facebook


instagram


linkedin


youtube




massachusetts land trust coalition   |  18 wolbach road, sudbury ma 01776  |  phone (978) 443-2233  |  info@massland.org




































