



















rio salado college




















      skip to main content
    





ok















give to rio


alumni & friends


class schedule


locations & hours


help


quicklinks


riolearn login


480-517-8000


apply now






























get started
request information































start at rio
toggle


i want to...
toggle


earn a degree/certificate


take a class




type of student...
toggle


adult education


high school


international


military/veteran


teacher education


transfer




paying for college


ways to save time & money


why choose rio salado




degrees and certificates
toggle


bachelor's degrees


degrees and certificates (a-z)


fields of interest


programs by name


specialized programs




student resources
toggle


academic advisement 


admissions and records


bookstore


career services


computer labs


counseling services


disability services


financial aid


library


student life


testing


more...


behavioral intervention team




community
toggle


alumni outreach


cafe at rio


dental clinic


events services


news room


partnerships


public safety


radio stations


rise learning for life


more....




about us
toggle


accreditation


contact us


diversity, equity, inclusion, and belonging


leadership and divisions


maps and locations


mission and vision


our faculty


research and planning


more...















rio salado college




















college closed 
monday, feb. 17, 2025 for presidents' day







discover rio salado certificates & degrees 
find my program







welcome students
a guide to help you get started with your classes.
learn more







student moments
see why our alumni chose rio
learn more







adult education
educación de adultos
learn more















start at rio



find a class



degrees and certificates



news



student center



riolearn login










      affordable
    
save on everyday low tuition that is 50-75% less than the national average cost of a 4-year college or university.










      flexible
    
40 start dates allow you to take any classes, anytime - class sections are always available and are never canceled.










      transferable
    
our programs accepted by over 40 transfer partners, making it easy to take your credits with you.















offcanvas
 



      some text as placeholder. in real life you can have the elements you have chosen. like, text, images, lists, etc.
    


        dropdown button


action
another action
something else here














 


explore popular career-relevant programs





 





forensic science



focus on a specialization in forensic investigation as it relates to crime, including photography, collection and preservation of evidence, and investigative strategies.










 





precision optics



our two-course microcredential covers the basics of precision optics and can help fast-track your career in this growing field.










 





bachelor's degrees



two options available: elementary education/special education or public safety administration. convenient online classes and community college pricing.










 





computer science



with an associate degree, seek employment as a computer user support specialist or move into a four-year program to pursue a role as a computer network architect, computer programmer and more.










 











 define your moment
change often starts with a single moment. rio salado college highlights the journey of overcoming self-doubt and building confidence.










new to college


returning to college


high school students/dual


veterans/military students


adult education/ged/esl


transfer students





 

new to college






            how do i take online classes at rio?
          





rio salado college has provided students with quality online learning for over 20 years. more than 250,000 students have trusted our accessible, affordable, accredited learning.
riolearn is students’ online learning portal to the classroom. students use riolearn to access course material, turn in assignments, and communicate with instructors. in addition, students have quick access to student services/helpdesks, library services, student email, assigned advisor, and riocompass (academic tracking tool).
there are no set times for classes. riolearn is available 24/7, allowing students to read and complete assignments on their own time and learn at their own pace.










            how do i pay for college?
          





for many people who want to continue their education, the biggest obstacle to overcome is paying for school. it’s a major stressor for students: how do i pay for this? 
there are several ways to pay for your tuition at rio salado college, including: 

financial aid: grants, work-study, loans, military/veterans benefits
college and private scholarships
payment plans that allow you to pay as you learn
employer-provided tuition assistance or reimbursement

for comprehensive details on financing and costs, visit rio salado's financial aid and paying for college pages.










            how long will it take me to complete an associate degree?
          





students can complete an associate degree in as little as two years, but the timeline will vary based on the student’s schedule and class pace.
most rio salado online classes are 14 or 16 weeks in length. you have the option for the majority of classes to take an accelerated format, finishing the course in as little as 8 weeks.
the specific requirements can vary for programs. for example, the associate in general studies (ags) degree requires 60-64 semester credits.
students could also choose to complete a certificate in a variety of programs. most can be completed in less than a year. rio has fast-track certificates that can be completed in as little as 20 weeks.










            are all rio salado classes online?
          





the vast majority of rio salado classes and programs are online. a few programs are held in person at the campus in tempe, arizona, or at locations across metropolitan phoenix. for example, rio offers a dental hygiene program with hybrid classes that include an on-site dental clinic. our locations offer in-person adult education classes such as high school equivalency (ged® test preparation), english language, and career training. students in rio salado’s educator preparation program are required to complete an in-person field experience in prek-12 classrooms. on-site tutoring is available at a number of locations.










            do you offer bachelor's degrees?
          





yes! as of 2023, rio salado college offers two bachelor’s degree programs. the two programs are: bachelor’s in elementary education and special education, and a bachelor’s in public safety administration. students can enjoy the affordability of community college tuition and the flexibility of online learning while pursuing a bachelor’s degree. learn more.










            where is rio salado college located?
          





thanks to online classes and virtual and remote support services, rio salado college serves students in all 50 states, and in many countries worldwide. students have 24/7 access to 600+ online courses and 140+ online programs.
rio salado has its physical headquarters in tempe, arizona. the college has several additional locations in the greater phoenix area, including: avondale, buckeye, downtown phoenix, luke air force base, northern avenue, queen creek, southern avenue, south mountain, surprise and thomas avenue. each location offers a variety of student services and program offerings. learn more.













 

returning to college






            how will i know if online classes are right for me?
          





online learning offers today’s students the opportunity to take classes on their schedule. online classes cover the same material found in traditional classes and are not fundamentally easier. they require a student to be self-motivated and have dependable internet access. 
experience what it’s like to take an online class through rio salado 










            i took college classes years ago. will they still count?
          





even classes you took a while ago may be used toward a certificate or degree. however, to meet industry standards, some certificates and degrees require courses that are current. courses being considered to satisfy a prerequisite may be subject to time limits. consult your academic advisor for specific information.










            will an advisor be able to help me plan my rio classes?
          





when you're pursuing a degree or certificate at rio salado college, you will have an assigned academic advisor who specializes in your field of interest. your advisor will be your main point of contact for selecting the academic program and courses to meet your goals. as a degree or certificate seeking student, you will find your advisor’s contact information in riolearn.










            how do i transfer prior credits?
          





we value the work students have completed. students may be able to apply credits from other accredited colleges and universities to their rio salado program. students can work with an advisor for additional information after completing the admissions process. the first step is to submit official transcripts for transfer credit evaluation (for program seekers only) directly from the issuing institution to:
rio salado collegeadmissions, records, & registration/transcript processing2323 w. 14th st.tempe, az 85281
student-submitted copies will be considered unofficial and may only be used for prerequisite approval. if your official transcripts are being sent electronically from a third-party company, please have them directed to records@riosalado.edu.













 

high school students/dual






            who is eligible to take dual enrollment courses?
          





dual enrollment students must meet college admission requirements and the prerequisite criteria for the course. to see if your school participates, visit participating high schools and click on the high school you will be attending to view the admissions and prerequisites requirements.










            how do i register for dual enrollment?
          





the high school distributes information on accessing online dual enrollment registration information and forms, or students can go directly to sign up and register now. new students only start at step 1. returning students review step 3 for admissions/placement requirements.
to view the list of dual enrollment classes offered at your high school, click on 'list of participating schools' then click on your high school and download the course pdf.










            should i choose dual or advanced placement classes?
          





dual enrollment and advanced placement courses are good options for students. the difference is that dual enrollment students receive a grade and credit for the work performed throughout the year. these credits usually transfer to the student's college of choice as direct course equivalents.
advanced placement classes require students to pass the advanced placement (ap) test to earn college credit. credit is awarded solely on a student's performance on the exam. credit is based on the score students achieve on the ap exam.










            what is the difference between dual enrollment and concurrent enrollment?
          





dual enrollment classes meet at the high school during the regular high school day and are taught by college-certified high school instructors using a college curriculum and text. the high school agrees to accept these college courses toward a student's high school completion.
concurrent enrollment classes meet at a college site or online and are not affiliated with the high school. students interested in concurrent enrollment must submit a special admission form. students need prior approval from their high school counselor or administration if they want these college courses to help satisfy high school requirements.










            what are the tuition and fees for dual enrollment?
          





dual enrollment students pay the same tuition rate assessed for all maricopa community college courses. current tuition rates are listed in the registration materials. as an additional savings, dual students do not have to purchase textbooks or pay lab fees because these materials are usually provided by the high school.










            is tuition assistance available?
          





tuition assistance is available for students based on financial need. funding is limited and awarded on a first-come first-served basis, so applicants are encouraged to apply early. applications are available in spring for the following fall. dual enrollment courses do not quality for federal financial aid.













 

veterans/military students






            what services does rio offer for veterans?
          





the rio salado college veterans services office is proud to serve our veterans and their dependents. we act as the liaison between the college and the department of veterans affairs (dva) to coordinate the processing of veteran's education benefits. if you want to find information about using your post 9/11 gi bill® benefits, watch this short video or review our va information packet.










            i have never used va education benefits. how do i apply?
          





to learn what benefit you are eligible for and submit an application, go to va.gov/education/how-to-apply/. contact rio salado veterans services if you have questions.










            how do i transfer my va education benefits to rio salado college?
          





if you have used va education benefits at another institution before enrolling at rio salado college, you will need to update your program of study or place of training with the va. these forms should be completed online at va.gov/education/how-to-apply/. click the green button on that page and answer the questions that are displayed.










            how long will it take for me to receive payment from va?
          





the average processing time is 30 days, but during peak times, processing can take up to 6 weeks for an original claim. payments are affected by a number of factors, including training time, course begin/end dates, course withdrawal, debts owed to va, and others. only the va can project your payment date with accuracy. call (888) 442-4551 if you have not been paid within 30 days of your enrollment certification.










            what services are available for active military students?
          





rio salado has a dedicated military advisement team to support the men and women in our armed forces and their spouses or dependents. our team offers guidance on using military tuition assistance for eligible certificates and degrees, and assistance with university transfer.










            how do i register for classes as an active military student?
          





if you're a new student, please visit start at rio salado for military. you can also contact a military advisor at (800) 517-8590 or military.advisor@riosalado.edu for assistance with course selection. we receive your request within 24 hours and will send a confirmation once enrolled.










            how do i take my exams?
          





exams are presented in two forms: at home or as a proctored exam. please read your syllabus to see if you require a proctor request form during the first week of each class. you can submit the proctor request form online at: rio salado proctor request. you can ask a second lieutenant or higher to proctor your placement exam where you are stationed or have your education center on base proctor your exam.













 

adult education/ged/esl






            what programs are available through rio’s adult education department?
          





rio salado college offers a variety of adult education programs to help you: 

ged®test prep classes to help you prepare for your high school equivalency diploma 
english language/esl classes to help you improve your english language skills
career training classes to gain essential employability skills
adult ace (achieving a college education) for students demonstrating financial need
support with transitioning to college











            what is the cost of adult education classes?
          





adult education classes are offered at no cost to the student. visit rio adult education to learn more about the classes and services we offer.










            how many weeks are adult education classes?
          





ged® test preparation classes are provided in 16-week blocks.










            what support services are available to me as a student in the rio adult education classes?
          





we offer career services, counseling and disability services, 1:1 tutoring, on-demand study tools, and more.










            how can i prepare for the ged® test?
          





rio salado college offers ged® test preparation classes in a supportive, classroom environment at several rio salado locations in the valley. you can also take this class through our virtual learning academy (vla). based on your current educational level, consistent attendance, and participation inside and outside of class you can achieve your high school equivalency diploma in as little as 12 weeks. you can remain in class until you are prepared to take the ged® test and our rio team will support you through your entire journey.










            where do i take my classes?
          





ged® test prep classes are offered both online, and in-person at the following rio locations: avondale, downtown, northern, southern, surprise and thomas. english language classes (english as a second language) are taught in-person at the above listed locations, and online through the virtual learning academy. learn more.













 

transfer students






            will rio salado courses transfer?
          





as a regionally accredited institution, students will find that their one or two classes - or their entire associate degree - may transfer without loss of credit. using agreements and transfer tools an academic advisor can tell you before you take a course whether it will transfer to arizona's three state universities.
looking at a school outside arizona? contact your future university to verify course transfer and how your courses will apply to your university program.










            who are your transfer partners?
          





rio salado has transfer agreements with the three arizona public universities as well as more than 40 other institutions. see a list of all transfer partners.










            how do i apply to a university?
          





first, determine when you want to start at your intended university. contact the admissions office early in the process to learn about the application requirements and deadlines, where transcripts should be sent, if any further testing is required, or if letters of recommendation are needed. you do not need to completely finish your community college courses to apply.










            where do i submit my transcripts if i want to enroll in rio?
          





you can submit your official transcripts for transfer credit evaluation (for program seekers only) directly from the issuing institution to:
rio salado collegeadmissions, records, & registration/transcript processing2323 w. 14th st.tempe, az 85281
please visit our admission, records and registration website for more information.










            where can i get more information about transferring to/from rio?
          





visit our online transfer center to learn more about how our academic advisors can help you create an academic plan to meet your goals. you can also find a list of university transfer partners and more resources to ensure a smooth transfer process.




















news









press releases


february 14, 2025
rio salado joins education design lab's reimagining community college design challenge










award


february 13, 2025
rio salado college honored with the 2025 ace/fidelity investments award for institutional transformation










wellness


february 12, 2025
wellness wednesday: the brilliance of bananas






view all news






events









career services


four steps to a meaningful new career: job searching strategies

february 19, 1:30pm - 2:45pm











deib


bars and beyond: unpacking kendrick lamar's revolutionary song

february 20, 12pm - 1:30pm











deib


the descendent: a journey through history

february 26, 1pm - 2pm







view all events

































was this information helpful?

 yes 

 no 


please rate the following statement.

				i found the information on this page helpful.
			




strongly agree



agree



neutral



disagree



strongly disagree



			what improvements would you suggest for this page:


please select what best describes the information.

 this information is confusing or wrong 


 this isn't the information i was looking for 
note: if you need immediate assistance, call 480-517-8000.


			
			what improvements would you suggest for this page:
			

 
	













a-z links










a


about us


academic advisement


accreditation


admissions, records and registration


adult education


alumni


apply for admission


b


become a student


block calendar


book advances


bookstore


c


café at rio


career services


cashiers (student business services)


class schedule


college catalog


commencement


community services


counseling services


computer labs


concurrent enrollment


conduct and community standards


cost of attendance


credit for prior learning


d


dental clinic


disability resources & services


diversity, equity, inclusion, and belonging (deib)


dual enrollment


e


events services




f


financial aid


g


ged test preparation classes


graduation


guide for new students


h


help


helpdesks & additional assistance


hours of operation (by location)


human resources


i


important dates and closures


important documents and forms


incarcerated programs


international education


j


jbs employee request for information form


l


leadership and administration


library


m


male minority initiative


maricopa student refund program (msrp)


military advisement


p


partnership programs


paying for college


phi theta kappa (ptk) honor society


placement testing


prerequisite approval process


programs and degrees


public safety




r


registration options


residential faculty


rioconnect


riolearn


s


scholarships


state authorization


strategic planning


student business services (cashiers)


student id cards


student identity verification


student life


student policies


student solution center


t


testing


transcript evaluation


transfer center


tuition & fees


tuition calculator


tutoring


v / w / y


veterans services


workplace education


youth ace program














accreditation


assessment of student learning


bookstore


rio salado cafe


cares act


careers at mcccd


consumer information - rio


contact us


disability services


emergency preparedness


important forms


maricopa.edu


net price calculator


news


partnerships


petition solicitation instructions


public safety


student complaints


teach for rio










twitter icon


facebook icon


youtube icon


instagram icon


linkedin icon



get the my maricopa portal app


app store icon
download the my maricopa portal app on the app store.


google play icon
download the my maricopa portal app on the play store.







annual notifications


consumer information


disclaimer


non-discrimination statements


web accessibility






maricopa community colleges




























© 2025 rio salado college | 2323 w 14th st, tempe, az 85281 | (480) 517-8000


















