

dollmama's den- collectible dolls of the past. vinyl dolls and eighties toys for sale











since nov. 26 1998















  dolls from a - k
  dolls from l - z
  galoob baby face
  my friend dolls
  collectible toys
  collector books
  collectible videos
  doll clothes & acc.
  how to order
  picture album
  wanted
 email me 










who is butterball?
















   









































































welcome to dollmama's den, your online resource for collectible dolls from the past to the present. my favorite dolls are the durable vinyl's, which is mostly what i have to offer. some are new, most aren't, but all are looking for a permanent home. all dolls coming from the den will be clean and dressed whenever possible. be sure to book mark your place and check back often, i am always finding more dolls. most of the picture links will be pretty big, please be patient with the loading. click on the menu pages over on the left to browse around. picture links will open a new window.

updates & news

watch for the  sign for the latest additions
i have sold many of the dolls from my personal collection that are pictured in the picture album. if you see a doll in there that you are interested in, you can email me to see if its still available. i may keep a few but most will have to find new homes.
*  prices do not include shipping. multiple purchases will be combined to save on shipping whenever possible. i cannot give you a shipping quote until i know your zip code








information
a brief summary for the links 
 dolls from a-k and l-z are the main doll pages. everything from american character to..... well, there are not actually any z listings but these are the pages you will want to visit for all the brand names. ideal, mattel, effanbee, horsman, hasbro, kenner..... more
 galoob baby face dolls were manufactured for 2 years only, 1990-1991. they have extra joints at the elbows and knees making them very posable, and different facial expressions. they are very cute and very collectible.
 fisher price my friend dolls were manufactured from the early 70's through the mid 80's. mandy, mikey, becky, jenny, and nicky are 16" tall, vinyl with cloth bodies, can sit or stand. other fisher price dolls are on this page also
 collectible toys page has mostly eighties toys. care bears, rainbow brite, a few nineties toys. lots of affordable stuff there
 let's buy, sell, & trade dolls this forum has been discontinued due to too much spam 
 doll clothes & accessories section has modern to vintage doll clothes, doll furniture and other miscellaneous items. i will also be offering a few handmade outfits from time to time
 collectible vhs videos are just that. most are out of print and no longer available, mostly eighties videos
 doll collector books and price guides. you won't be sent to an online bookstore if you click on it. all collector books are right here in the den. gently used and great bargains
 picture album features some of my favorite dolls in the den. these are not for sale. if you find a few extra minutes, we would love for you to visit



grading 

nrfb- never removed from box
						mib- mint in the box
						mint- like new, no box
						mwt- mint with tag
						nm- near mint
						exc- excellent
						vg- very good
						good- played with, showing wear


ordering information 

if you find a doll or toy you would like to purchase, email me to make sure it is still available. click on ordering information for more details.




* items  guaranteed as described or your money cheerfully refunded (0 returns so far)




  
contents copyright ©1998-2023   dollmama's den™ all rights reserved










