


	home



























search

















search

























toggle navigation









home 


articles 


books 


ebooks 


reports 














wildflowerhaven
for the love of wildflowers worldwide

common sunflowers - may 31, 2016









new book now available for purchase!
the critters and blooms photobook is available for purchase on amazon.com. “critters and blooms photobook features over sixty of my best photos of critters on, in or near texas native wildflowers. each image is six-by-eight size and placed back-to-back. for more details including how to purchase visit the books page here at: https://www.wildflowerhaven.com/books. 


best time to visit texas for the spring wildflower show
are you planning to visit texas to view the spring wildflowers? because texas is so big the wildflowers bloom at different times depending the location in texas. generally, the bloom line will march north from deep south texas, but it will vary depending on elevation and species of wildflower. check out the article, "when should i come to see texas wildflowers?" for the details, including a map showing the progression of the bluebonnet bloom-line and a chart with bloom times for some of the other major wildflowers. 

hunting texas wildflowers 2024 ebook - available now!
whether you are new to the texas spring wildflower show or you just need some guidance on where to go, our upcoming hunting texas wildflowers 2024 ebook can help. the ebook is available now details on the ebooks page.
brenham – located northwest of houston is unique in its texas history and has some really nice rolling hillside displays. the historic and scenic la bahia road (fm 390 loop) from burton through independence, texas is a must do drive anytime of the year. 
ennis – located just south of dallas, the ennis area is known for its dramatic bluebonnet displays. the local garden group goes out each year and puts up signs for the best routes. our ebook includes the ennis published routes with comments on what you can find along the routes along with some routes not usually listed by the garden group. the  ebook also covers other areas in the region that can also produce some great displays. 
hill country – located northwest of san antonio, is a favorite of landscape photographers. with majestic hills and valleys with rugged country roads, the hill country covered with wildflowers is a sight not to be missed. not every year is the best, but even in an average year there are some great views to be enjoyed and photographed. the new ebook lists some special routes and highlights some of the small communities. how about a bluebonnet covered cemetery from the 1800s?
san antonio – south/east the new ebook covers some of the popular counties just south and east of san antonio, texas. counties like atascosa county where you can view fields of sandyland bluebonnets, phlox or paintbrush.  if you like a variety of wildflowers with some bluebonnets thrown in, then this ebook is what you need.
the new hunting texas wildflowers ebook is available now!








wildflower resources

brenham wildflower watch - wildflower reports with map from the brenham, texas area
california poppies - wildflower reports from antelope valley california poppy reserve snr
desert usa - wildflower reports covering arizona, california, nevada/utah, new mexico and texas
dewitt county wildflowers - presented by the dewitt county wildflower association featuring the cuero area.
ennis trails report - presented by the ennis convention and visitor bureau
natural history wanderings - a great site for finding wildflower resources across the usa
texas wildflower pictures - gary regner's wonderful site with his photos, wildflower reports, and a wildflower identification database.
texas wildflower report - our texas facebook ™ site with current reports and information about wildflowers in texas.
theodore payne foundation - wildflower reports with photos from california
world wildflower photography facebook group - texas and worldwide wildflower reports with photos and locations














































copyright 2025 by equipu llc


terms of use
                            |
					        privacy statement























