








center of alcohol & substance use studies




























have any questions? 848-445-2190 | news | contact us











about

mission
history
people
gallery
cas library
annual report
inaugural helen e. chaney chair in alcohol studies
in memoriam


research

neuropharmacogenetics lab
pursuing addiction trauma healing (path) lab
reach alliance
sharp lab
tap lab
wellness lab


education

emerging addiction science seminar series
post-doctoral training program
tracc-ru


journal
wellness in recovery

wellness inventory
wellness resources
journey to wellness guide
wellness training learning collaborative
community advisory board
wellness self-care


news & events

covid-19
e-newsletter
events
news
summer symposium 2023


donate now 














                      our translational research is followed worldwide                    



                        read more                      
















                      our center is grounded in a rich history                    



                        read more                      
















                      our scientists and educators are leaders in their fields                    



                        read more                      















                      our evidence-based practices are shared with the local community                    



                        read more                      
















 
learn more about us


                video link














rutgers center of alcohol & substance use studies          






the center of alcohol & substance use studies (cas) in the graduate school of applied and professional psychology is a multidisciplinary institute dedicated to substance use research, education, and training. our collaborations intersect with key translational health domains, broadening impact in the field of addiction science. cas researchers and educators provide expertise on alcohol and other substance use topics for the public through local, national, and international media outlets.




read more












research




our nih-supported research programs seek to understand how mind, body and brain processes impact alcohol and other substance use behaviors, how health disparities unfold over the lifespan for those with alcohol and other drug use disorders, and how best to treat those with traumatic stress and substance use disorders in the community.








 research labs













the journal of studies on alcohol and drugs
the journal of studies on alcohol and drugs is the oldest substance-related journal in the united states, and is housed at cas.




examining disparities in excessive alcohol use among black and hispanic lesbian and bisexual women in the united states: an intersectional analysis
sexual minority (i.e., lesbian, bisexual) women and racial-ethnic minority groups in the united states are disproportionately harmed by excessive alcohol use. this study examined disparities in excessive alcohol use at
read more






who turns to amazonian medicine for treatment of substance use disorder? patient characteristics at the takiwasi addiction treatment center
complementary medicines are an emergent field in the treatment of substance use disorders (suds) and include amazonian medicines, such as ayahuasca. the aim of this multimodal cross-sectional study was to
read more





view all journal articles


follow us on twitter

tweets by rutgers_cas












rutgers cas news 







february 3, 2025
unlocking the power of gratitude
                  the rutgers university youtube channel recently posted an insightful video...                







january 27, 2025
addiction treatment often overlooks trauma. that’s a major hurdle in stopping the overdose crisis
                  research shows that treating post-traumatic stress disorder (ptsd) or other...                













the rutgers university foundation is a 501(c)(3) tax-exempt organization. support our research.
donate now














the center of alcohol & substance use studies (cas) is a multidisciplinary institute dedicated to addiction research, education and training. we are a center in the graduate school of applied and professional psychology (gsapp).
visit gsapp.rutgers.edu




research
history
people
education
annual report
journal
contact us
news
e-newsletter
 



center of alcohol & 
substance use studies           
607 allison road
piscataway, nj 08854
t:  848-445-2190
f: 732-445-3500




 




© 2025 rutgers, the state university of new jersey, an equal opportunity, affirmative action institution.










menu




about

missionhistorypeoplegallerycas libraryannual reportinaugural helen e. chaney chair in alcohol studiesin memoriam back
research

neuropharmacogenetics labpursuing addiction trauma healing (path) labreach alliancesharp labtap labwellness lab back
education

emerging addiction science seminar seriespost-doctoral training programtracc-ru back
journalwellness in recovery

wellness inventorywellness resourcesjourney to wellness guidewellness training learning collaborativecommunity advisory boardwellness self-care back
news & events

covid-19e-newslettereventsnewssummer symposium 2023 back


				× close panel			











