





airsprint | your private jet is ready when you are




































































how can we help you?
























your ownership

how it works

the benefits

the advantage

the programs



your experience

personal travel

corporate travel

supplemental lift

keeping you safe



your fleet

embraer praetor 500

embraer legacy 450

cessna citation cj3+

cessna citation cj2+



your safety

safe operations



who we are

our values

our team

sustainability

news

careers



be inspired

stories & experiences

industry insights

gateways magazine








en


fr







how can we help you?
























get pricing


























 


your private jet dream is within reach.
let us take care of it for you. welcome to airsprint.









watch video









with airsprint, your private jet is ready when you are.




live, work and play with all the freedom and flexibility private air travel offers—without any hassle.
airsprint's fractional ownership program gives you all the advantages of having a private jet on-call without the challenges that come with upkeep, maintenance and staff.as an airsprint fractional owner, you invest in one specific serial-numbered aircraft. you then get guaranteed access to a private jet of the same type whenever you need it, fuelled-up and ready to go, with as little as 24 hours' notice. you'll never miss an important meeting, family weekend or event you've just got to get to.



discover the experience
more about us













01
you own a private jet. 


02
fly where and when you like. 


03
we take care of the rest.



                            learn how it works
                        





















you provide the destination; we provide the jet. 

where do you want to go today? let us know, and in as little as 24 hours, your private jet will be ready to take you there. imagine no longer worrying about the quality of your aircraft, safety or travel experience; it’s your jet and it’s ready when you are.


ownership options



















you provide the guests; we provide the service. 

every step of the way, we provide you the kind of exceptional service and comfort you deserve. we'll even organize your transportation, hotel, dinner reservations and event tickets.


flying with us



















“airsprint has proven to be the right answer for me... making my life easier.”

john | airsprint fractional owner


hear from our owners










with airsprint, your jet is ready when you are.



download brochure
get pricing







embraer
praetor 500
embraer
praetor
500













meet the embraer praetor 500

a perfect complement to the airsprint fleet—the industry-leading praetor 500 is an impressive corner-to-corner, transcontinental aircraft that can quickly and efficiently span north america. its commanding performance capability gives you direct access to many more destinations, experiences, and opportunities.


learn more
browse the fleet




















you're in safe hands. 

when you step onto your private jet, you step into one of the most comprehensive safety systems in flight. fractional aviation has a sterling safety record, and airsprint is an industry leader.


your safety is our priority







what's in the news














thought-leadership

airsprint releases white paper | beyond the flight deck
airsprint is pleased to release its latest white paper, beyond the flight deck: discovering aviation careers at airsprint, which explores... read more















fleet expansion

airsprint hits milestone | welcomes 40th aircraft
airsprint announces the arrival of its 40th aircraft—an embraer praetor 600, marking a significant milestone in its journey. this expansion… read more















fleet expansion

airsprint adds 39th aircraft to its fleet
airsprint announces the acceptance of its 39th aircraft, further enhancing its unmatched fleet of private jets. this achievement... read more











take flight with a whole new aviation experience.



contact us


















our fractional owners love our service

                    
                        “…it was a sunday afternoon and all the flights out of la guardia were cancelled. i called airsprint and we had her home by 8 o’clock that night.”
                    
                
airsprint is there in a new york minute  |  john cassaday






get pricing






                            we are social. follow us.
                        




































contacts
1.877.588.2344flyasp@airsprint.com


calgary
1910 mccall landing necalgary, ab


toronto
6120 midfield roadmississauga, on


montréal
9785 ryan avenuedorval, qc









send me more information.




first name



last name



city



email




                submit
            












                                our private aviation experts are standing by to send you more information.
                            




you must enable javascript to submit this form




submit













contact us


careers


faqs


empty leg flights


supply chains act report


accessibility


privacy policy


terms


sitemap




© copyright 2025 airsprint inc.










chat with us





