



scouts canada












































skip to main content



en/
fr
myscouts
careers
help

shopvolunteerdonatejoin


shopvolunteerdonatejoin




shopvolunteerdonatejoin














menu








about





about scouts canada
about
corporate supporters and community partners
scouts for sustainability
careers




leadership
executive leadership team
board of governors
deputy national key 3's
service centre team
national office
chief scout
annual report
elections 2024




diversity and inclusion
introduction
reconciliation journey
scouter resources
leadership commitments
progress




  
faq
contact us









programs





sections
the canadian path
beaver scouts
cub scouts
scouts
venturer scouts
rover scouts
adult volunteers




scouting programs
financial resources
no one left behind
scholarships
scouts for sustainability
personal achievement badges
scouts canada + stem
activity finder
youth adventure challenges




international programs 
events
international opportunities
international team









safety





about safety
safety
safety tips
safety week 2024
safety resources
air quality safety
scoutsafe app




 




 











resources





program resources
colony scouters
pack scouters
troop scouters
company scouters
crew scouters
recognition
training & development
forms & downloads




group support centre
group support centre portal
overview
mission impact
safety leadership
program quality
volunteer support
group capacity
group health navigator




policies, standards & procedures 
information
policy finder
changelog
bylaw
policies
procedures
scouts canada's standards – consultation




event management playbook 
home
idea
design
execute
deliver
learn
events around the country









camps





about camps
book a property
summer camp
















news & events





news & events
news
national calendar
newsletter archives
scouting life blog
leadership blog












councils





contact
regional map




western councils
fraser valley
pacific coast
cascadia
chinook
northern lights
saskatchewan




central councils
battlefields
central escarpment
greater toronto
manitoba
northern ontario
shining waters
tri-shores




eastern councils
quebec
voyageur
new brunswick
newfoundland and labrador
nova scotia
prince edward island
white pine








strategy





strategic plan
strategic plan
more spaces locally
realizing opportunities nationally
stronger foundations for the future
properties portfolio




wayfinders
wayfinders
programs
partnerships
frequently asked questions
early years




beyond 2025
introduction
phase 1
phase 2
get involved
our team




digital transformation
introduction
registration & volunteer tools
enterprise systems
digital infrastructure
our teams








join


volunteer


donate


shop


myscouts


careers


help


search


français
















everyone is welcome at our campfire.
join us









french carnaval
learn more









plant the seeds for the leaders of the future!
 
shop now! 









bring your child's skills to life! 
kids have fun ideas — and we’re here for it. we let them lead the way, building skills for life. unleash their wildest ideas with us. 
let’s get scouting









discover the benefits of volunteering!
join us and experience the benefits of volunteering 
join as a volunteer













  continue your scouting adventure: membership renewal for 2025 is now open!
bring your child’s wildest ideas to life with scouts! through youth-led activities, we cultivate imagination, creativity, and the thrill of bringing their ideas to reality. at scouts, we nurture the skills that turn dreams into lifelong adventures.
don’t miss out on programs that inspire uniqueness, build self-confidence, and foster lifelong friendships. our activities are designed to help your children discover their strengths, develop new skills, and create memories that will last a lifetime.
register now to secure your child(ren)’s spot in their scout group of choice for the 2025 scouting year (january 1st - december 31st). invest in their future and watch them thrive.
bring their skills to life with scouts canada!
 








plant the seeds of success. we help your child develop the skills they need today and for the rest of their lives. watch them grow through teamwork, challenges, and shared achievements. register your child today and witness their transformation.  
register now






build bright futures. we help shape the skills your child needs to succeed today and beyond. they’ll explore, create, and discover their potential in ways you never imagined. register your child today to see what they might build. 
register now






there’s no limit to what your child can learn. we foster leadership skills that will last a lifetime. from leading their peers to making impactful decisions, your child will grow into a confident and capable leader. register your child today to learn lessons that last a lifetime.  
register now















save your spot!





















news & events












january 08, 2025
plant the seeds for the leaders of the future!

read more













december 20, 2024
youth leadership fuels recovery in lytton, bc

read more













december 06, 2024
building the future? scouts canada’s mission to empower kids

read more













december 01, 2024
shelburne scouts celebrate 100-year anniversary

read more













november 27, 2024
experiences canada offers unique scout group exchanges

read more













november 22, 2024
your chance to spark memories

read more








previous



next












all news & events

















programs











beaver scouts 
ages 5-7
discover adventures like camping, hiking, playing games and enjoying campfires. make great new friends along the way, along with lasting memories!
explore the pond














cub scouts
ages 8-10
embark on outdoor adventures like hikes, weekend camps and canoeing. as a pack, cubs are encouraged to try new and exciting activities including stem projects and cultural experiences.
explore the jungle















scouts
ages 11-14
blaze your own trail. delve into more leadership opportunities and develop self-confidence by planning adventures with your troop and giving back to the community in a meaningful way.
blaze a trail















venturer scouts 
ages 15-17
push your potential. develop life skills to climb the mountain of your goals and reach your personal summit, embarking on greater expeditions and acquiring real-world experience.
climb higher















rover scouts 
ages 18-26
the world awaits. experience fun and challenging expeditions with peers and drive your personal ambitions with support from a mentor, better preparing you for success.
paddle your own canoe














volunteers
ages 14+
gain new skills, join a community and help youth experience countless firsts as they develop into confident and capable individuals.
make waves






















“
”




	  as scouts, the program leads us on our journey to become the best we can be. and with a focus on youth-led planning and adventures, we are limited only by the boundaries of our imagination. it is a fun, hands-on learning experience where you can discover your potential in a safe, adventurous and inclusive way.
	
kaelem moniz, scouting youth





	  scouting has taught my son so many skills and given him opportunities to try so many great adventures! i’d highly recommend the program to any parent who is looking for a value-packed, fun, challenging and diverse program where they can participate with their child.
	
kathleen lehman, scouting parent





	  my greatest scouting memories are all coupled with first experiences. sleeping in a tent for the first time, my first campfire, participating in two canadian jamborees; the first one allowing me to travel on a plane, alone, for the first time. all these experiences are things that i cherish and enjoy sharing because they are components of scouting that have become amazing memories that will last a lifetime, but have also made me a confident and well-rounded person.
	
kaitlyn patterson, rover scout





	  community service is a key aspect of our programming. it not only helps the community, but teaches youth how to make contributions to society as youth and adults. maintaining a bee farm, organizing food drives and crafting christmas cards has made an impact on the very grateful residents that the youth help.
	
susan rad, scouter, the 4th cranbrook group





	  the most important skills i have learned through scouts are the skills that have helped shape me as an individual. scouts has taught me how to be a confident and patient person, how to talk to strangers and speak at public events. it challenged me to push myself to my limits. it gave me the courage to travel 1,400 km away from home to go to cj’17 at the age of 10, and to fundraise all the money i needed for the journey. it also challenged me to hike 28 km in the rideau challenge as a first year scout.
	
quinn mcpherson, scout





	  i thank scouters for my experience. i owe them so much for helping me to grow as a person. scouting makes you aware of others. teaching about the environment and community, scouting stops you from focusing on yourself as much, and you become more thankful and willing to give back and help. it’s good for kids to learn that—i know it was good for me.
	
rebecca cairns, 1st porcupine plain a venturer company





	  scouting is so amazing because it brings people from a variety of backgrounds and interests together to do the things they enjoy.  it also makes me feel like i am where i belong. when i am anywhere else, i feel invisible and like nobody can see me, but when i’m at scouting events or meetings i feel included and not invisible. i have made many fantastic friends in scouting.
	
cadence j., scouts canada youth spokesperson & scout





	  scouting has given me many opportunities and skills that are helping me to prepare for a life of success, including skills in camping, public speaking, writing, confidence and many, many more. most recently, the experiences i gained from scouting helped me successfully achieve a position within the rcmp’s 2018-2019 national youth advisory committee (nyac). i would not be the girl i am now without my nine years in scouting, and without my nyac experience.
	
ana-alexandra m., scouts canada youth spokesperson & scout





	  now that i have been in scouts for a few years, i have learned to always be prepared, and that has influenced my ability to be prepared in life, not just the outdoors. scouts has taught me helpful things that i will continue to use in the future. it has made a huge and extremely positive impact on my life.
	
brooke c., scouts canada youth spokesperson & scout







view testimonials












say thanks today
saying thanks to a scouts canada volunteer for their outstanding contributions to scouting is easy!
 
say thanks



















get in touch
 1-888-855-3336
 submit a request






media inquiries, please contact naina trivedi: naina.trivedi@scouts.ca 
scouts canada charity number: 107761694rr0028
brand guidelines


navigation



about
programs
safety
resources
camps
news & events
shop
strategic plan
sitemap




join
volunteer
donate





learn more about scouts canada
















copyright © 2025  scouts canada. all rights reserved. privacy policy. aoda standard. aoda accessibility.























