

friends for pets foundation | southern california weimaraner rescue





















































 

 































dear friends, adopters, supporters, volunteers,











please help us feed and care for the 50+ dogs that are waiting for good homes: 

make a donation 
volunteer your time
donate dog supplies
foster a dog
more... 


 










volunteer opportunities





our weimaraners would love to spend some time with you going on   sunday walks at the friends for pets kennel or staying at your home for a weekend or holiday. we rescue hundreds of dogs every year and would love for you to come meet some of them.

 












 








 


july 2022
the urgency for help with weimaraners in need continues. as friends for pets (ffp) did since 1985 and then california weimaraner education and rescue (calwear), now socal weimaraner rescue (scwr) is there to support weims in need. 
though the entity of socal weimaraner rescue may be new, the team is not. the all-volunteer-based organization has combined decades of experience in owning, rescuing, fostering, showing, and loving weimaraners to form scwr. socal weimaraner rescue is a 501(c)(3) non-profit rescue whose mission is to help rehome lost, displaced, abandoned or unwanted weimaraner dogs in and around the southern california geographical region. scwr looks forward to continuing the cause that friends for pets & calwear started for the southern california region. 
please follow the socal weimaraner rescue facebook page and on instagram at www.instagram.com/socalweimrescue . check out their website at www.socalweimrescue.org .  contact info can be found for scwr on their facebook page & on their website. socal weim rescue is also affiliated with amazonsmile and can be your designated charity.  donations to scwr can also be made via their paypal donation link at https://socalweimrescue.org/pages/donate. 
email - info@socalweimrescue.org 
the friends for pets mission and diane’s legacy will continue with the supporting of rescue. we are forever grateful to diane and thank kim burnell of calwear for their support and dedication to weimaraner rescue. now it is time to support socal weimaraner rescue (scwr).                            







 









2021 update - our founder, diane monahan, passes away


 
july 3, 2021
as ken, diane's husband said, "today there was a traffic jam at the rainbow bridge."  at 1:52pm, july 2nd, diane took her last breath. she was greeted by the more than 4,500 dogs she saved over the 35 years of rescue at friends for pets. she valued them all. we are forever blessed to have had her as an example on earth to show us what compassion and dedication is. rest easy diane. you are forever loved. let us all live in your example.

                              diane's wishes were to not have a service but for us instead to help a dog in need to honor her. although friends for pets no longer has a rescue facility, the foundation is still supporting those dogs that are in medical need. if you would like to honor diane, consider donating to the friends for pets foundation fund at 
http://www.friendsforpets.org/monetarydonations.php

 


 









2020 update


 
after 35 years and 4500 dogs placed in secure homes, we have closed our facility.
i have been deeply touched by your many messages of caring, regard, loyalty, and, especially for the love and gratefulness you've each expressed for those personalities whom you've adopted.
several of you expressed concern about dogs still with us. there are no dogs still with us. we have been placing for the last six months with this view in mind. 
california weimaraner education and rescue and doberman rescue (fillmore), trusted organizations who work with the same selfless idealism, also stepped in to help - we are truly grateful.
we are not done! ffp is planned to transition into an organization to provide veterinary grants for non-profit rescues in need. our long-term volunteers, whom many of you know, will be involved with this. be assured that, as always, every donation will continue to be used for a dog's well being.
i am so glad that each of you allowed me (and a few dogs!) to share your lives.
sincerely,
                              diane monahan




 

 

 



 


 









apply for a friends for pets grant


 
friends for pets foundation (ffp) will be making one-time grants of up to $50,000 to selected animal rescue organizations located in the u.s. in keeping with the longstanding mission of ffp to assist dogs abandoned, mistreated, neglected, or left in pounds, these grants will support similarly oriented non-profit rescue organizations. apply now.



 









big brothers & big sisters needed


 
work schedule too complex for a dog companion  during the week? we'd love to connect you with a  "week end or holiday friend" whose saturday & sunday or holiday will be active & fun thanks to the time they'll share with you. join  our big brother & big sister program today. 



 









the yeager fund for special need dogs


 
the yeager fund for special need dogs was created to help the senior or disabled dogs within our care that may spend their entire lives at our no-kill facility waiting for someone to adopt them. it was created to provide these dogs with the same type of care one of our adoptees, yeager, was able to receive in the last of his sixteen years, as you can see in this video tribute. 



every donation to the yeager fund helps those with special needs.



 







are you ready for a weim?


 
think you're ready for a weimaraner? 
                            take the "are you ready for a weimaraner?" quiz and find out.



 







friends for pets news & articles


 

learn 
                              why older dogs are the best dogs
learn more about the weimaraner breed
are we breeding too many weimaraners?
read more dog care articles
watch our good day la video coverage below...











 









































































copyright © 
          	. all rights reserved


site map



dog 
              care articles



important 
              links



contact 
              us










 
special thanks to the raleigh seo company for being the best search engine optimization firm we've ever had the honor of working with. their digital marketing skills we're exactly what we needed to rank better online. feel free to reach out to the raleigh seo company to see what they can do for your busines and learn more about them here.















