







best place to stay in the catskills | beaverkill valley inn









































































































              rooms + rates
            

            food + dining
          

            events + weddings
          

            adventure + activities
          

              fly fishing
            

        bmc members
      



            real estate
          

              about + faqs
            

            directions
          

             blog
          

              press + reviews
            

        book your stay
      

            contact
          













































































rooms + ratesfood + diningevents + weddingsadventure + activitiesfly fishingbmc members











real estateabout + faqsdirections blogpress + reviewsbook your staycontact









scroll








 two hours from manhattan, but a world away













view fullsize










rediscover the catskills. rediscover yourself.in a catskill mountain valley where eagles soar, on the river where fly-fishing began, the beaverkill valley inn’s celebrated chef, tommy finch, partners with local farmers to bring you delicious ingredient-driven, locally-sourced meals.  set on 60 acres within the catskill park, our comfortable 19-room inn rests close by the upper beaverkill, which flows down from headwaters peaks almost 4000’ high through forever wild forests and conserved meadows. here we invite you to enjoy one mile of private fly-fishing, beautiful trails for hiking and cross-country skiing, two tennis courts, an indoor pool and ice cream parlor, and more.

 


“this is a beautiful old inn in one of the prettiest valleys in the catskills. it’s only two hours by car from new york city but you feel like you are away from it all.”

— jamie l.

 

learn more about our inn












food + drink learn more





eat












rooms + amenitieslearn more





stay












adventure + activitieslearn more





adventure

 

a historic setting with modern amenities.situated on 60 acres and offering a mile of private fishing on the upper beaverkill, the inn is a destination for sport and family fun, for corporate retreats and special celebrations. visitors from across the world travel to the beaverkill valley inn for adventure-filled days and unforgettable evenings.

 


“such a lovely inn, decor, staff, location, food and more. we loved this place the minute we arrived and hated to leave. perfect setting with fly-fishing, trail walks, swimming, games and delicious food.”

— muffy

 











the birthplace of american dry fly fishingthe beaverkill valley inn is situated on the banks of the beaverkill, a legendary stream that is considered the birthplace of american dry fly-fishing. upstream, many tributaries flow into it, as its waters descend from high peaks, through forests protected as forever wild. more than 100 tributaries flow into the beaverkill along its 45-mile journey to the delaware river.american fly-fishing pioneers like theodore gordon and john burroughs felt at home in the beaverkill, which remains a source of legend and wonder. in 1979 joan and lee wulff opened the wulff school of fly-fishing, which is still active today, on the banks of the beaverkill just upstream of the beaverkill valley inn.




    learn more
  

 








photo by caroline roro





unforgettable eventsthe beaverkill valley inn’s pristine valley setting, with its gardens, ponds, and meadows,  provides a beautiful backdrop for your wedding day or special event. the inn is conveniently located two hours northwest of new york city, and is  an easy drive from northern new jersey, northeastern pennsylvania, and new england. our expert team is  experienced in providing flexible, rain-or-shine, worry-free coordination for parties of up to 80 indoors and 150 outdoors. each seasonal menu is customized and features locally grown produce and free range, pasture-raised meats. breads, desserts, and wedding cake are all baked on the premises. full bar, signature cocktails, champagne, and beer are available. for corporate groups, we can help your company reserve the entire inn and enjoy complete privacy, full access to the beaverkill river, and a splendid natural setting that can foster successful, focused meetings or retreats. we can work with you to arrange a corporate event that is all relaxation and fun, or we can help you combine leisure with hours of productive work. hosting a corporate retreat at our inn is a great way to reward and inspire your clients and employees.




    learn more
  

 

updates from the inn’s blog






beaverkill valley inn blog

























fun outdoor things to do in the catskills this winter | updated 2021






if you’re trying to stay socially distanced and enjoy outdoor activities this winter, the catskills region has plenty of fun outdoor activities for you to enjoy even in the cold weather. from skiing to ice-skating, and even winter horseback riding, here are our favorite spots for winter fun this season.
read more →


























best places to go skiing and snowboarding in the catskills this winter






skiing is one of the most fun winter activities in the catskills. whether it’s a challenging ski course, a family-friendly ski day, or cross-country skiing through the forest, it’s a great way to spend a winter day.here’s a list of our favorite spots to ski in the catskills.
read more →


























best towns in the catskills | callicoon, new york






callicoon is a charming town on the banks of the delaware river. it’s a great place to spend the day, especially if you’re attending an event at bethel woods center for the arts that evening (it’s only about 20 minutes away). callicoon is a scenic 45 minute drive from the beaverkill valley inn, and a great spot to explore on your next visit.
read more →


























four hiking safety tips during hunting season






fall is a gorgeous time of year in the catskills, and it’s when outdoors enthusiasts of all types enjoy the natural beauty of our surroundings. if you’re visiting from an area where hunting isn’t popular, you want to make sure to educate yourself on hiking safety during this time of year as you share the woods with other outdoorspeople, including hunters.
read more →


























a virtual tour of the beaverkill valley inn






join us for a virtual tour of the beaverkill valley inn, featuring some of our favorite things to see on our property! 
read more →


























fun things to do in the catskills this october | updated 2021






we’ve compiled a huge list of fun things to do this october in the catskills, from pumpkin walks to tasting tours to arts events. get your fall jacket on and get ready to explore!
read more →


























our guide to the best fall farmers markets in the catskills 






the secret is out - the catskills are the best place to be in the fall. mild weather, beautiful foliage, an endless supply of great restaurants, breweries, and festivals - there’s no place we’d rather be this season.with so many farms in our region, our farmers markets are always filled to the brim with fresh produce, flowers, and other wares. here's our guide to the best fall farmer's markets in the catskills. 
read more →


























fun things to do in the catskills this september | updated 2021






september is a great month to enjoy the catskills: it’s still warm but with a little bit of crispness in the air. local towns and event spaces are always hosting great things to do in september - here are some of our favorite things to do this year!
read more →


























our guide to the best antique shops and vintage stores in the catskills






one of the most fun things to do in the catskills is to go antiquing. with scores of antique stores and vintage shops dotting the main streets of our region, there’s an endless amount of furniture, artwork, and vintage clothing to peruse. here are some of our favorite antique stores in the catskills:
read more →


























four tips to planning your next family vacation in the catskills






the catskills is an ideal getaway for a family-friendly vacation any time of year. with abundant hiking trails, lakes, and outdoor activities and tons of great places to stay, it’s the perfect place to escape the day-to-day grind. here are our tips to planning a family vacation in the catskills.
read more →











 






hero banner



hero copy
























































 






















































 












beaverkill valley inn7 barnhart rdlew beach, ny 12758845-439-4844































apply for a job




    sign up for our newsletter
  



quick links:member sign in

 

plan your visitmake a reservationcontact usview rooms & ratesspecial offers



what we offer:view activitiesfly fishingevents + weddings



need directions?we’ve got you covered.click here for directions!










terms + conditions | privacy policy | ada compliance policy | site design by bonnie bryant creative










