






oatc | ontario addiction treatment centres | ontario addiction treatment centres













oatc | ontario addiction treatment centres | ontario addiction treatment centres




















 






−
aa
+


quick login

 











info line for new patients:
1-877-937-2282




follow us on instagram





join us on linkedin





follow us on facebook





follow us on twitter




 



about

accessibility
our mission, vision & value statement
faqs
privacy policy
partnership organizations
feedback

clinic feedback
pharmacy feedback




why us

opioid agonist program – suboxone
opioid agonist program – methadone
hepatitis c program
get a naloxone kit
letters of support


clinic locations
articles

links
addiction recovery books


emergency info

faqs during covid-19
overdose facts
overdose protocol
overdose dos and don’ts


careers
contact
 
menu







 
 
 
 








q: are you open?a: yes, all catc clinics and pharmacies remain open as we offer essential medical care…


q: do i have to come to clinic to be cared for?a: that depends on several factors. in some situations, you may be offered a phone appointment with our doctors to help create care plan for you during this time. we are doing our best to limit the amount of time our patients spend in our clinics and pharmacies during this period of uncertainty.




[et_pb_section fb_built=”1″ _builder_version=”4.4.8″][et_pb_row _builder_version=”4.4.8″][et_pb_column type=”4_4″ _builder_version=”4.4.8″][et_pb_text _builder_version=”4.4.8″]june 5th, 2020 keeping our patients safe and cared for during covid to our...



due to covid-19, catc and affiliate clinics have made some adjustments to operating hours. this master list of clinics, retains the most current set of opening hours.




these are unprecedented times. as a result of the covid pandemic, we are being asked to make changes to our daily routines. we are ultimately being asked to help slow the spread of this virus. while the virus is unlikely to significantly impact the average, healthy person, it can have devastating health effect for the elderly or people with a weakened immune system…




catc is following/implementing all public health guidelines (for health care professionals) to keep our staff and patients healthy. we have implemented a long list of actions to keep our care environment safe and hygienic.  this week you will also notice a number of social distancing strategies. please speak to your local...



catc partnering to improve lives of patients.


 




0
1
2
3
4
5



 
 
 


offering over 50 centres to serve you.  serving all of ontario with the country's largest network of methadone clinics.



 


news


 


 

“drug overdoses may be linked to covid-19 pandemic anxiety” – belleville health unit
 


 

“coronavirus and addiction: for people in recovery, self-isolation can be harmful” — global news
 


 

opinion: downtown methadone clinics are a good thing
 


 

clinic, naloxone helping city’s significant opioid problem, emergency doctor says
 
 
 







about ontario addiction treatment centres
the ontario addiction treatment centres (oatc) were founded in 1995. at that time, treatment for opioid agonist therapy, utilizing methadone, was extremely under-serviced and those seeking treatment often were forced to travel hundreds of kilometers to seek care. today, oatc services over fifty communities throughout ontario, treating over ten thousand patients daily. our staff is highly dedicated to ensuring optimal care and great effort is made toward encouraging long term sobriety from all illicit substances.
read more
 

oatc colour schedule




affiliate clinics


 
 
 




home
about
programs
partnership organizations
faqs
clinic locations
articles
accessibility
emergency info
contact us
admin login
latest news/articles
careers
 

© - ontario addiction treatment centres.  oatc is the first private opioid treatment facility of its kind to receive accreditation canada’s distinction.

ontario addiction treatment centres 
contact details: 
 
main address: 
175 commerce valley drive west
l3t 7p6
markham, ontario
 
tel:905-773-3884


 powered by  hi-octanecreative.com


 
 












