




counselor 2024 state of the industry
























































 
×
member login




please log in with any of the following accounts: asicentral, esp, connect, or the online learning center.

 username and password are required.


username or email





password





login





forgot password | forgot username


don't have an account? sign up














×
forgot password


 

 email is required.
enter your email address and we'll send you directions to change your password.


email





go back to log in
submit



 









×
forgot username


 

 email is required.
enter your email address and we'll send you your username.


email






go back to log in
submit




 





















become a member
access esp
industry news




member login


 






                        join us at asi show fort worth, march 29 – 31.   register now.





×







2024
state of the industry 


in the face of numerous challenges, promo is finding reasons for optimism – and the wherewithal to make it come true.

by c.j. mittica | july 31, 2024

share this article:







 copied



















it’s human nature to expect that things will turn out for the better. hopefulness is built into the way we live. it keeps us pushing forward, aspiring for more.
the promo industry is no different. consider that distributors and suppliers just concluded a difficult 12-month stretch marked by slowing sales, tightened client spending and escalating shipping costs. no, it wasn’t the pandemic or the great recession, but it was far from easy.
and yet, what’s the phrase that gets mentioned the most by distributors and suppliers? “cautious optimism.” the acknowledgement that things aren’t great now, but they should – and will – get better.
this year’s state of the industry is designed to turn that optimism into reality. through our reporting as well as our survey that was taken by hundreds of distributors and suppliers, we’re examining the challenges that promo companies are facing right now – among them buyer reluctance, anti-swag sentiments, worker wage hikes and profitability challenges. but we’re also highlighting the opportunities to circumvent those difficulties. read the articles, dive into the stats, and let us help you speed ahead toward a brighter tomorrow.







international
direct result
distributors are increasingly sourcing direct from overseas – a trend that suppliers see as a cause for concern.
read more






sales
the hard sell
buyer apprehension is resulting in smaller, less frequent orders and a shift to more affordable products.
read more






markets
from negative to positive
‘anti-swag’ sentiment has been on the rise, but distributors can combat it with strong messaging and demonstrating value.
read more








products
going back to the well
drinkware sales are higher than they’ve ever been, but have we reached the limit?
read more






labor
pay to stay
businesses are more easily finding workers – but are having to hike wages to keep their ranks full.
read more






suppliers
feeling the squeeze
suppliers are pursuing strategies to ease the strain on their profitability.
read more








supply chain
picking up speed
sourcing chaos compelled end-buyers to order earlier and wait longer. but now, rush orders are back on the rise.
read more






sustainability
‘data is really king’
increasing client demands for eco certifications and information signals a new approach to esg initiatives.
read more






distributor snapshots
big, small and everything in between
they all sell promo products, but there are meaningful differences across the revenue classes.
read more








supplier snapshots
sizing up the davids and the goliath
for each revenue class, our survey reveals their top challenges, competitors and other key metrics.
read more






predictions
trend or not?
we unpack six interesting findings from our survey and predict if these developments will continue.
read more






#counselor70
data through the decades
while the goal – chronicling the state of the promo industry – has been the same for 47 years, the approach to data in counselor’s signature issue has evolved greatly over time.
read more

























contact asi
bucks county technology park4800 street roadtrevose, pa 19053
phone: (800) 546-1350
email us
















©, the advertising specialty institute®. all rights reserved.

terms of use
privacy policy
sitemap
 top



 























