




american pitbull registry - pitbull registration made easy

























american pitbull registry - world's largest pitbull registry


po box 1036antioch, tn 37011


 

home
services
registration
community
kennels
gallery
health
discounts
info
contact





















american pitbull registry (apbr)
dedicated to responsible pitbull ownership!






registration
pitbull registration made easy with both mobile and mail in options.
more



genealogy tracking
most advanced genealogy tracking in the world with up to 11 generation super pedigrees.
more



social engagement
bringing the pitbull community closer together around the world.
more



free marketing assistance
marketing assistance. sell! buy! find! breed! free to apbr members.
more



the american pitbull registry specializes exclusively in the registration of purebred pitbulls. the american pitbull terrier has a long history and is one of the oldest recognized pure breeds in existence. the apbr believes in the original apbt standard and does not believe in changing a standard to suit the personal interest of bias individuals or to caving in to internal politics of others in the registration industry. the purpose of the apbr is to highlight the positive role the apbt has had in history and to help insure that the breed maintains it's standard and loyalty to owners that it was initially developed for.












the form is not for apbr litter pup transfers. if you have a pre-registered pitbull registered by your breeder from a litter please use the form listed on the back of the certificate provided to you by your breeder. online pitbull registrationprint and mail registration





have a recent litter of purebred pitbull puppies that need to be registered? do both parents also need to be registered? if so then this is the right program for you. here you can register them all together at a discounted rate.online pitbull family registrationprint and mail registration





have a recent litter of purebred pitbull puppies that need to be registered? does one of the parents also need to be registered? if so then this is the right program for you. here you can register them all together at a discounted rate.online pitbull litter + 1 parent registrationprint and mail registration





have a recent litter of purebred pitbull puppies that need to be registered? is one or both parents already apbr registered? if so then this is the right program for you. here you can register your purebred pitbull litter at a discounted rate.online pitbull litter registrationprint and mail registration





have 5 purebred pitbulls you would like to register using a group discounted rate? if so then this is the right program for you. here you can register your purebred pitbulls all together taking advantage of a deep group discount.5 online pitbull registrationsprint and mail registrations





plan on breeding? are you an apbr member or are you signing up to join? if so then apbr kennel certification is right for you. and its free!online free pitbull kennel certificationprint and mail form






pitbull registration made easy



online form options:
single pit registration | family registration | litter plus 1 parent registration | litter registration
| 5 pit registration | apbr kennel certification

printable form options:
single pit registration | family registration | litter plus 1 parent registration | litter registration
| 5 pit registration | apbr kennel certification





single pitbull registration
to be used to register a purebred pitbull.
 
 








pitbull family registration
to be used for a purebred pitbull litter and both parents.
 








pitbull litter + 1 parent registration
to be used for a purebred pitbull litter and one parent.
 








pitbull litter registration
to be used for a purebred pitbull litter and at least one parent is already apbr registered.
 








five pitbull registrations
to be used to register  five purebred pitbulls at a group discounted rate.
 








free pitbull kennel registration
apbr pitbull kennel registration requires apbr membership.
 








testimonial


"thank you so much for adding me to your site! i already have had three pups sold, and i was only added a week ago! one puppy sold to someone all the way on the other side of the state, five hours away! that would have never happened had you not added a link to my site in the apbr certified kennel section."
thunderstorm kennels









if you are looking for a registry to represent you as a pitbull owner you have come to the right place. the apbr is the world's largest international pitbull specific registry and offers registration services unparalleled in the entire registration industry. in addition to registration services we are also the largest information provider on the world wide web in regards to the american pitbull terrier / apbt dog breed. as part of our service to the pitbull community the american pitbull registry ( apbr ) also offers a vast repository of information on pitbulls and is considered to be the number one resource and clearinghouse on the internet with thousands of pages of general and member exclusive content. for those looking to be involved with a live community of other pitbull enthusiasts we are also the only registry in the world to maintain a social network ( pitbull social ) dedicated specifically to the breed.
while the primary focus of the american pitbull registry ( apbr ) is to register pure bred pitbulls, we are a comprehensive resource for the pitbull dog breed, owners, rescues, shelters and those wishing to learn more about the american pitbull terrier dog breed and its unique history.





eye-popping design by: right turn web


