






birchfield nurseries | plant nursery | rhinelander wi


































































































skip to content






 rhinelander, wi visit us
 715-282-5213 call us
 email us email us
















homeabout usservicesproducts

nursery catalog garden center new items specials
galleryreviewsannouncementscontact




























outdoor beautification experts 






				since 1950				









learn more






























 




							landscape design						

		        			with a few measurements and pictures from you, we can prepare a professional landscape plan to beautify your home and yard.		        		









 
















 




							landscape maintenance						

		        			to prevent your landscaping from deteriorating and to keep your yard looking great all season long, we offer maintenance services.		        		









 
















 




							nursery catalog						

		        			we offer a wide range of plants and products, ranging from evergreens and perennials to vines and groundcoverings.		        		









 























on the leading edge of 



handling new plants & products 












stop in the garden center at birchfield nurseries and see the wide variety of landscape products and talk to our knowledgeable staff. we also have pictures of landscape ideas and other educational features. take a walk around our beautifully landscaped grounds and see first hand how the products and plants are used in landscape designs. 







more information












































 




							gift certificates						

		        			purchase a gift certificate for a friend or loved one!		        		


















 




							new items						

		        			we keep our product lists updated with specials and new plants!		        		


















 




							helpful tips						

		        			we like being helpful, so we offer free advice to those that ask!		        		

























for more information on changes, holiday hours, or general updates, check out our blog! 















we specialize in creating  



satisfied gardeners 














read more
























	                                “	                            




							great service and advice.						

		        			kevin chapman		        		









 
















	                                “	                            




							the place is awesome ! nice owner very helpful there!!						

		        			melody dunn		        		









 







































call for more information 




all nursery stock is northern grown and hardy for our cold winters. because they are potted, or balled & burlaped, they can be planted successfully in spring through fall. we are always looking to be on the leading edge of handling new and exciting varieties of plants and products, so be sure to call and ask for more information.
note: we do not ship plants. 







contact us now
































get in touch 







 
7799 hwy. 8 west, rhinelander, wi 54501





 
715-282-5213





 
info@birchfieldnurseries.com













business hours 






 
mon-fri : call for appointment



 
sat-sun : closed












connect with us on 






facebook-f
 










 

 

 

 


 previous


 next



















				this site is protected by recaptcha and the google privacy policy and terms of service apply. 
© copyright 2025 birchfield nurseries, inc. | all rights reserved | this site designed and hosted by enter.net 









close menu








×










item added to your cart
0 items in the cart ($0.00)

continue shopping
go to the cart




 





































































