































































brazos sports | high school sports | theeagle.com





















skip to main contentskip to main content










        we are currently undergoing maintenance on some services, which may temporarily affect access to subscription accounts and the e-edition. we apologize for any inconvenience and appreciate your patience as we work to resolve the issues.
    

















59°











 log in
                                    
subscribe






guest


logout

read today's e-edition





























news


local



wildfires



business



crime



nation & world



politics



state



education



land and livestock post



news tip




obituaries


find an obituary



share a story




opinion


submit a letter



letters



editorials



columnists



cartoons




sports


high school



college



aggie sports



professional




lifestyles


art & theatre



movies & tv



music



event calendar



comics



puzzles



contests



play



food & cooking



home & garden



health



get healthy



parenting



fashion



people



pets



travel



faith



worship directory




join the community


news tip



share video



send a story



share a photo



brand ave. studios




print edition


e-edition



today's ads 



special sections



the eagle archives 




buy & sell


place an ad



jobs



cars



marketplace



public notices



shop local




shopping


curated commerce




customer service


manage subscription



activate digital subscription



newsletter sign-up



subscribe



contact us



faq



help center



gift subscriptions


mobile apps


weather: live radar






facebook





twitter





instagram








© 2025 lee enterprises
terms of service | privacy policy






















































































subscribe
read today's e-edition




























                                        subscribe
                                    




























                                                    log in
                                                








welcome, guest

my account
 dashboard
 profile
 saved items

 logout







e-edition

news

obituaries

opinion

sports

puzzles

lifestyles

public notices

jobs

wildfires









59°
cloudy














high school sports
college
aggie sports
professional





                
                brazos sports | high school sports
                
                    

















        
        
            arellano's rbi single leads college station softball team past clear springs

dallis arellano's rbi single broke a tie in the seventh and it was enough for the college station softball team as the lady cougars won at clear springs on monday.

















        
        
            a&m consolidated baseball team run-ruled on opening day

the tigers will next be at the pflugerville tournament on friday and saturday. 

















        
        
            here's a look at the high school area baseball teams going into the 2025 season

here's a look at the high school area baseball teams including last year's record, returning starters and newcomers.  

















        
        
            mumford boys basketball team downs big sandy in bi-district round

the mumford boys basketball team downed big sandy, 40-31 in the bi-district round of the class 2a-ii on monday at willis high school

















        
        
            watch: rudder's jayden gonzalez & cody billings talk after the opening day win

watch now as rudder's jayden gonzalez & cody billings talk after beating giddings.

















        
        
            consol, rudder girls face state-ranked teams in regional semis

the a&m consolidated and rudder girls are the only bryan-college station teams remaining in the uil basketball playoffs.

















        
        
            rudder starts off on the right foot with an opening-day win over giddings

“i mean that’s just what we need to start our season, very first inning, [my] very first at-bat, hit a double and then steal home."























        
        
            rudder starts off on the right foot with an opening-day win over giddings




“i mean that’s just what we need to start our season, very first inning, [my] very first at-bat, hit a double and then steal home."




















        
        
            brazos valley athlete of the week honor roll for feb. 10-feb. 16




ellis took home the athlete of the week award by helping the rudder girls basketball team advance to the regional semifinals of the class 5a-ii playoffs




















        
        
            consol putting a new puzzle together after district championship season




"i told the guys that now that we have become district champions that will be an expectation."




















        
        
            bryan softball team thrashes incarnate word, overwhelmed by giddings




the lady vikings return to action at 6:30 p.m. tuesday when they host cleburne.

























        
        
            consol softball team comes back to beat argyle, downs tidehaven




consol will turn its attention to a clear creek tournament, beginning on thursday.




















        
        
            chloe ream's walk-off single caps off college station's 5-1 weekend




the college station softball team concludes the nfca texas leadoff classic with a 5-1 record.




















        
        
            fanning grabs golden goal in college station girls soccer team's win over brenham




the college station girls soccer team collected a 1-0 win over brenham on friday
































        
        
            rudder holds on for area round victory over iowa colony

“surviving and advancing, i think this is a true testimony to our girls." “we won only four games two years ago and at this point, we’re rolling and we’re gonna keep going as long as they’ll let us take us there.”




















        
        
            consol advances to regional semifinals by winning ot thriller over friendswood

spurred on by the momentum from da'mya turner's game-tying 3-pointer, consol defeated friendswood 45-40 in overtime in the 5a division i area round at katy’s competition gym on friday.




















        
        
            rudder softball team drops both nfca texas leadoff classic games

the lady rangers will conclude its tournament play tomorrow.




















        
        
            consol softball team splits pair of games

the a&m consolidated softball team came back from an 8-3 loss to conroe with a walk-off 5-4 win over georgetown on friday at the nfca texas leadoff classic.





















        
        
            gracie ream’s perfect game headlines college station softball team’s three wins

the college station softball team put behind its first loss of 2025, by winning all three of its contests over 6a schools on friday at the nfca texas leadoff classic




















        
        
            bryan grabs a pair of wins on second day of the nfca texas leadoff classic

bryan will conclude the tournament tomorrow with games against incarnate word at 1 p.m. and giddings at 3 p.m. at lady viking field




















        
        
            normangee head football coach danny mitchell to move to administration role

normangee and danny mitchell to depart ways after three seasons.




















        
        
            consol sending 17 swimmers and divers to the state meet

the state meet will take place next friday and saturday at texas’ lee & joe jamail texas swimming center in austin.

















                
                recommended for you




















        
        
            watch: rudder's jayden gonzalez & cody billings talk after the opening day win


















        
        
            5 thoughts on texas a&m baseball’s opening series sweep over elon


















        
        
            here's a look at the high school area baseball teams going into the 2025 season



















                
                curated commerce
                
                    


















        
        
            6 cbd topicals for potential relaxation and wellness

affiliate content. find the best cbd topicals to help you relax and rejuvenate. 




















        
        
            6 cbd oils to try for relaxation

affiliate content. find the right cbd oils to fit your wellness routine. 




















        
        
            best greens powders for 2025: a nutritionist’s top 5

affiliate. we asked a nutritionist to share their top 5 greens powder picks to boost your daily nutrient intake and support overall health.




















        
        
            auto insurance rates set to rise in 2025: how to save on premiums

affiliate content. learn practical ways to reduce your auto insurance premiums in 2025. 
























        
        
            college station's bolden headlines local wrestlers at state tournament

the uil state wrestling meet is friday and saturday at the berry center in cypress and several local athletes are competing. 




















        
        
            rudder softball team drops season opener to antonian prep

rudder will next host tidehaven at 9 a.m. and henderson at 5 p.m. on friday.




















        
        
            bryan’s mental errors pile up in season-opening loss to justin northwest

bryan will continue play on friday by hosting abilene cooper at 9 a.m. and houston northbrook at 1 p.m.




















        
        
            college station softball team falls to v.r. eaton in home opener

the lady cougars will be busy on friday by hosting klein at 9 a.m., bridgeland at 1 p.m. and hutto at 3 p.m.





















        
        
            consol's bats take flight in season-opening win over coppell

“…i think one of the positives was we saw our offensive prowess show up. and that’s what we’re looking for and that’s what we’re asking our kids every time."





















        
        
            photos of thursday high school softball

a&m consolidated beat coppell 7-4 at lady tiger field and justin northwest beat bryan 12-4 at lady viking field as part of the nfca texas leadoff classic. 




















        
        
            consol's foketi, brenham's dixon earn 5a all-state honors; 9 others cited

brazos valley puts 11 players on the class 5a all-state football team. 




















        
        
            rudder, consol girls basketball teams release area round info

rudder will play iowa colony, while consol will face friendswood in the area round. 









more brazos sports | high school sports



























×
















facebook





twitter





instagram









sites & partners


place an ad

land and livestock post

newsletters

myaggienation

rack locations

join our team

get healthy




services


manage subscription

contact us

advertise

licensing

dealer returns

printing services

curated commerce






                        © copyright 2025
                        the eagle, 1729 briarcrest drive bryan, tx 77802
                    

terms of use
|
privacy policy
|
advertising terms of use
|
do not sell my info
|
cookie preferences




                        powered by blox content management system from bloxdigital.com.
                    












notifications
settings






you don't have any notifications.



get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.

topics

breaking news

subscribe






weekend things to do

subscribe






news alert

subscribe































