


a1 power cleaning : north west : commercial cleaners : properties : offices : flooring

















tel: 01257 754 099


a1 power clean cleaning services north west




home
carpet & floor cleaning
office cleaning
property cleaning
driveways




 professional cleaning services north west
         a1 power clean are north west based cleaners who specialise in both domestic and commercial cleaning.  when it comes to professional cleaning services for properties, offices, carpets and flooring in the north west we are second to none. no job is too big or too small. contact us today for a quote. office and property cleaning
         we have years of experience in office cleaning, commercial cleaning, domestic cleaning and property cleaning in the north west area. over the years we have built up a great portfolio of returning customers based upon out experts cleaning skills and great customer service. carpet and floor cleaning north west
          a1 power cleaning use the very best techniques and equipment when it comes to our carpet and floor cleaning and restoration services in the north west. our team of local cleaners have years of experience within the cleaning industry, making them the experts when it comes to carpet cleaning. 









professional cleaning services north west
 


a1 power clean are experts in commercial and domestic cleaning services in the north west. our cleaning team members have years of cleaning experience and good old cleaning know how, it is a big claim but we are considered to be one of the best cleaning companies in the north west. for us no cleaning service is too big or too small and every job gets done properly. over the years we have built up a large commercial and domestic customer based across the whole of the north west, due to our hard work and cleaning know how.
at a1 power clean we are committed to offer the highest quality cleaning service to our clients, this is achieved by continually investing in the latest training for all our carpet cleaning technicians. each of our carpet cleaning staff have been trained by prochem europe in steam cleaning, low moisture carpet cleaning, dry carpet cleaning, stain removal and upholstery cleaning. furthermore we employ skilled technicians who are trained to carry out wooden floor restoration and tiled floor polishing. 




commercial cleaners in the north west
 


whether you require commercial driveway and/or path cleaning or office cleaning, a1 power cleaning can provide a specialist cleaner for you. we have a team of local and dedicated cleaners who specialise in various aspects of cleaning including floor restoration, floor polishing, carpet cleaning, office cleaning, industrial cleaning, driveway cleaning, patio cleaning and more... if you are looking for a local commercial cleaner in the north west, stop looking now. our cleaners are trusted, reliable, quality and affordable.
we also provide commercial cleaning services to local nursing homes, nurseries, schools, hospitals and more. we can provide regular maintenance cleaning and/or restorations. when it comes to public sector cleaning services in the north west area we really do go above and beyond. if you are looking for professional cleaners in the local area who you can rely on to complete the job properly and on time, then call a1 power clean today.






cleaning services


carpet cleaning
floor cleaning
window cleaning
office cleaning
property cleaning
conservatory cleaning
floor restoration
driveway cleaning
roof & gutter cleaning



local cleaners


trusted
reliable
affordable
experienced
qualified
local









locations covered

lancashire
lancaster
bolton
blackpool
blackburn
preston
wigan
southport
chorley
burnley
manchester
 

environmental friendly cleaning products
we only use environmentally friendly professional grade cleaning products which include:

eco-friendly - biodegradable, no detergents, enzymes or peroxides
ph neutral in dilution and has built-in anti-foam and soil retardant
suitable for all water-tolerant fibres - natural or synthetic



contact us
although anti stain protection is advisable to use on new carpets and following a professional clean.
 address:various north west locations
telephone: 01257 754 099
fax: n/a
e-mail: info@a1powerclean.co.uk 






© copyright 2018 a1 power clean local cleaning services north west. privacy policy
design by offline design agency






