



  


 

the san diego county farm bureau























































 





 






























 

follow us! 











 



menu
homeabout us

our mission san diego aghub san diego agriculture board of directors our history farm stars
+membership

membership benefits join/renew now
+buy local

farmers markets why buy local? csa: community-supported agriculture
+events

calendar poker tournament golf tournament graze at the fields farmer of the year farm & nursery expo
+programs

san diego grown ag in the classroom egap scholarships sdrilg

member dashboard pay fees qsir 
+
+resources

business supporting directory webinars ag resources classifieds faqs
+contact us

aghub office press room
+agriculture advocacy pac 




 







the voice of local farmers 
							 


the voice of local farmers 
							 


the voice of local farmers 
							 





 

become a member |  san diego farm bureau promotes and protects local farms.



 join now   
buy localbuy food produced, grown, or raised close to your home and support san diego farms.friends of farmingnot a farmer but want to support san diego farming? join as an associate member!farm bureau programsthe farm bureau offers training, networking, and task forces for farm issues.membershipbecome a member and support agriculture through education and public policy.san diego agriculturesan diego agriculture value is $1.7b, an industry important to the local economy.irrigated lands groupgrowers working together to comply with clean water regulations.events
[sdfarmbureau_event count=”3″]
the voice of local farmers
ranking 46th in the nation, san diego boasts top crops in nursery, avocados, cut flowers and vegetables. almost 70% of san diego county farms are 1-9 acres and nearly 41% are operated by women. san diego county has more certified organic growers than any other county in the state with more than 280 certified organic farms. 94% of farms in san diego county are family farms. the mission of the farm bureau is to foster san diego agriculture through education, public relations, and public policy advocacy in order to promote the economic viability, sustainability, and community building of agriculture.the san diego county farm bureau is a non-profit organization supporting the more than 4,031 farms within the county. learn more about some of our members and what the farm bureau means to them.

chuck badger iii“farm bureau ensures that i, as a grower, am represented in the political arena. i know that my values and interests are being supported. our company in particular appreciates the gas discount from schuster as a farm bureau member as well. and, as a fourth generation farmer, farm bureau’s history of grower support has been a consistent benefit to the badger family through the years; and for that i am very grateful.”

ann leatherbury“owning and farming our fallbrook property since 1958 has presented many challenges for the lowell and leatherbury families. we are proud to be san diego county farm bureau members. the farm bureau has been a wonderful source of information and support for our families during challenging times and shifting landscape.”

dylan marschall“as an agricultural real estate professional, the farm bureau allows me to stay educated on current policies and trends within the industry which in turn, better serves my clients. further, it allows me the opportunity to stay connected to the growers, landowners and tenants that keep agriculture in san diego county.”business supporting members

 see all business supporting members. 


become a member |  san diego farm bureau promotes and protects local farms.



 join now   

 



privacy policysan diego county farm bureau 
420 s broadway, escondido, ca 92025
phone: (760) 745-3023
email: sdcfb@sdfarmbureau.org



facebook   


instagram   


 






 





































