

















hockey camp by pro ambitions, inc.


































































 









 


















































toggle navigation
menu



ourstory
campdescriptions

the battle camp
defense with jeff
building a complete hockey player
d1 a/aa/aaa exposure hockey camp
hockey goalie camps
girls hockey camps


a/aa/aaa boston univ.boarding/day camps
a/aa/aaa campshockey east camps
bruinscamps
mr assist 2day 4hrstickhandling clinics
boardingcamps
praguetournament
finlandtournament
vacation/holidayhockey clinics
las vegasclinics
private coachvip camper
private hockeylesson packages
marlborough/dedhamfalmouth weekly skills
parentforms
find camps





















europe 2025
                  tournaments


a/aa/aaa boston univ.
             boarding/day camps


view allhockey camps









view all 2024-2025 hockey camps
our story
camp descriptions

the battle camp
defense with jeff
building a complete hockey player
d1 a/aa/aaa exposure hockey camp
hockey goalie camps
girls hockey camps


a/aa/aaa campshockey east camps
a/aa/aaa boston univ. camps boarding/day camps
bruinscamps
mr assist 2day 4hr stickhandling clinics
boarding camps
prague tournament
finland tournament
las vegas clinics
private hockeylesson packages
private coach at camp vip camper
sm group training wkends ma locations
vacation/holiday hockey clinics
marlborough/dedham/falmouth weekly skills
parent forms
find your camp


























search camps


view all camps





















 
















latest articles by pro ambitions









hockey east 6 teams in top 10 d1 mens
 




hockey east 6 teams in d1 mens top 10 games through jan 26

we have been proud partners with hockey east for decades developing the youth of the nation. follow us and hockey east on inst...












everyone gets cut
 



everyone gets cut at one time or another. check out all of the players in the nhl who have played in the ahl. players passed over for all star selections, or ncaa awards, even when stats are...












elevate your game with expert training and camps
pro ambitions hockey: elevate your game with expert training and camps

at pro ambitions hockey, we’re dedicated to developing young players into the best versions of themselves—both on and off ...












the key to success
the key to success is development. that is our mission. that is what our focus always has been. learning the techniques of hockey and gaining speed at executing those techniques with more precision. w...






click here to see more articles
pro ambitions hockey camps
pro ambitions hockey, inc. founded by former nhl player jeff serowik is the largest youth hockey camp outfit in north america and canada proudly sponsored by bauer, boston bruins, gatorade, dunkin donuts, hockey east and mr. assist.              
 we specialize in youth girls and boys hockey camps targeting players from six to eighteen years of age. jeff serowik, nhl player and the founder as well as president has tons of experience in the game to bring to pro ambitions hockey camps. 5:1 lowest ratio of players to trained professional staff. 
 we provide the tools for children to develop and reach their "summer hockey growth spurt". the methodically developed hockey camp programs train kids in the summer to come back to their teams with the concepts, systems and tools they need to excel as a player.                 
 pro ambitions specialty top hockey camps and programs include: prague/sweden/finland summer hockey teams, boarding / residential and day surf / hockey, battle hockey camp, defense hockey camp and goalie camps throughout north america.
pro ambitions also has weekly small group training and private hockey in massachusetts.
perform a search to view all available hockey camps near me.

















 

pro ambitions hockey, inc. founded by former nhl player jeff serowik is the largest youth hockey camp outfit in north america and canada proudly sponsored by bauer, boston bruins, gatorade, dunkin donuts, hockey east and mr. assist.
we specialize in youth girls and boys hockey camps targeting players from six to eighteen years of age. jeff serowik, nhl player and the founder as well as president has tons of experience in the game to bring to pro ambitions hockey camps. 5:1 lowest ratio of players to trained professional staff.
we provide the tools for children to develop and reach their "summer hockey growth spurt". the methodically developed hockey camp programs train kids in the summer to come back to their teams with the concepts, systems and tools they need to excel as a player.

2024-2025
hockey camps
view all hockey camps


nationwide weekend
hockey clinics
view weekend clinics
 

mr assist
stickhandling clinics
view mr assist clinics


hockey boarding
and surf camp
view battle/surf camp


hockey east
aa/aaa camps
sign up for hockey east camps


boston bruins
hockey camps
view upcoming bruins camps

 




 




copyright © 1994 - 2025 pro ambitions hockey, inc. all rights reserved.










player             development
refunds
press
staff
reviews
shop
faq
careers
contact
terms
policies



press
testimonials
shop merchandise
terms
policies
contact
 














 







join our email list and receive 10% off your next hockey campprivacy is top priority. your information will never be shared with third parties.annual tradition daily hockey tip emails daily oct 1 through halloween.subscribe nowget 50% offjoin our newsletter and get 50% off your next purchaseprivacy policy. this information will never be shared for third partsubscribe now!

 celebrating 30 years of being the #1 hockey camp in the country












































