

leonardo da vinci's life















leonardo da vinci's life








              menu
da vinci's life 
paintings
works
books & movies






 da vinci the artist

"it had long since come to my attention that people of accomplishment rarely sat back and let things happen to them. they went out and happened to things."
          -- leonardo da vinci.

a 
        painter, a sculptor, an architect and an engineer, leonardo da vinci's 
        numerous skills have earned him the title of renaissance master. da vinci's 
        fascination with science and his in-depth study of human anatomy aided 
        him in mastering the realist art form. while leonardo's counterparts were 
        known to create static figures in their works, leonardo always tried to 
        incorporate movement and expression into his own paintings. all the personages 
        in his works are painted with great accuracy and detail that it is sometimes 
        said that da vinci painted from the bones outward. 
having lived until the age of 67, leonardo experienced a very long career 
        that was filled with times during which the painter was celebrated, but 
        at times he was also humiliated and cast away. his life experiences all 
        influenced his works and often, his paintings never left the sketchpad, 
        or were only partially completed, as leonardo often abandoned his commissions 
        in order to flee from social situations. 
today, there are records of only few da vinci paintings, and 20 notebooks. 
        thankfully, these works have been preserved over the hundreds of years 
        since leonardo's time, and while his works are scattered in different 
        areas of the globe, everyone can enjoy da vinci through the numerous books 
        detailing his life, or through any of the many da vinci posters that have 
        been printed. 
a 
        well known master in the history of art, leonard da vinci is renown by 
        people all over the map, and those of us who cannot travel to view the 
        true works that the genius created can at least bring home a piece of 
        him when we buy da vinci posters or prints. his most famous paintings, 
        and the most popular da vinci posters around, are those of the 
        last supper, the mona lisa 
        and vitruvian man: the 
        proportions of the human figure. these works, displayed in 
        milan and paris respectively, are among the most influential works ever 
        created.
beyond the purchase of a book of paintings or da vinci posters or prints, 
        there are many resources and much literature detailing leonardo's life. 
        but for those who want a quick study, the leonardo 
        timeline offers a glance through the artist's life, while the biography 
        section of this site offers a more detailed view of leonardo da vinci 
        and what shaped the man and his many talents.
also learn about leonardo da vinci inventions, 
        leonardo da vinci sculptures, and 
        mona lisa history.
 
 






 
da vinci's life  - leonardo 
        da vinci - biography 1452-1500 - biography 
        1500-1519 - the leonardo timeline - rebuttals
paintings - the 
        mona lisa - the last supper - vitruvian 
        man - mona lisa history
works - paintings 
        - inventions - behind 
        the inventions - sculptures 
        - parachute - tank - drawings - books - quotes - videos 
books & movies  - the 
        da vinci code book  - the 
        da vinci code movie - angels 
        & demons movie
articles - the 
        da vinci code movie stirs up controversy - angels 
        & demons movie - da 
        vinci code tour - da vinci painting technique
museums - site map  - about us 
 

 



