





tj’s pizza & fundraising co. – over 25 years of generating profits for you!









































skip to content







 





main menu
 


homeabout uswhy choose tj’sour productsfaq’sonline store 
contact uscontact us 
 

 
 






























a family owned company 



tj's pizza 












contact us
















learn more
































tj's pizza 




tj’s pizza & fundraising co. is a st. louis based pizza manufacturer. originating as a restaurant in the early 80’s, we began offering a frozen product a few years later. this progression was encouraged by an ever increasing demand for our signature tj’s “st. louis style” pizza. we are now very well known throughout the midwest as being the very best frozen pizza available anywhere! 







about us














 











 













 



















why choose tj’s pizza 













why choose us































our latest products 






















pizzas 










 
















braided breads 










 






















desserts 










 
















cookie dough 










 



















 













tj's 



faq's 






frequently asked ???






































they all love our pizza 




all testimonials are unsolicited and are available for viewing in our office during normal business hours. 





























						selling tj pizza is very easy for us because the price is not that much different than that of a frozen pizza at the grocery store. we find that our customers have the mind set of “what’s the difference between helping a store or helping a school?” with that they always pick helping kids. along with that we find if we take our student with us, dressed in school uniform, and a goal in mind people are willing to purchase and realize that the kids really do benefit from these sales! 					
moss family: (highest selling family-normally sell about 100 items - $1,000 in value) 








						the boys and i walk to the neighbors' houses and that is how the selling begins.  they also get orders from rural king where the boy's dad works and from bjh where the boy's mom works. samuel and owen also get sales from denny's where their grandma layvonne works. the boys also call their close family members and see if they would like to place orders over the phone. we all work together as a family to get the tj sales. everybody loves to order tj's. 					
gillison family: (sells $400-$500 a sale) 








						this is an easy product to sell. once people heard we were selling them they were excited. they were familiar with the product from previous purchases and they commented how much they loved the pizzas and desserts. 					
bloebaum family: (only 2nd year selling – over $600 in sales) 








						for us, selling is not about reaching out to a huge crowd. we sell mainly to close family who all enjoy tj's products.  we all tend to stock up during sales because the pizzas make a great quick and easy meal when you are short on time (especially great during sports seasons when you have practice in the evenings).  the percentage of sales that the school receives also encourages me to stock up.  i'd rather buy a tj's pizza and earn money from the school than order delivery.  it is definitely the yummiest way to meet our fundraising goal. 🙂					
riebeling family: (family sells over $600 almost every sale) 








						i would say how we are so successful at selling is that alex's grandma takes it to work, we have a great supportive neighborhood that will always buy, in addition to family and friends.  if it was not for all of those people we would never get any sales.  alex gets in his gator or on his bike and goes house to house explaining that he is selling for his school and that all profits make his school better with new projects that can be completed.  he tells them how much he really likes sppcs and makes a general conversation with them.  it is great.  let me know if you need anything else.  					
loughary family: (family sells about $500 almost every sale) 






 previous


 next
























 
























tj's pizza and fund raising co. 




150 shepley drive, st. louis, mo 63137 







contact us







or call us : 314-869-9404 






facebook-f
 



twitter
 



instagram
 



















developed by: sathi 












 scroll to top






























