






















carnegie endowment for international peace | carnegie endowment for international peace


















































































































































































































































































































global locationsresearchemissaryaboutexpertsmoresupportprogramseventsblogspodcastsvideosnewslettersannual reportscareersaitopics & regionstopicssee all topicsregionssee all regionsdonatecarnegie endowment for international peacewashington dc, usacarnegie chinaactivities in singapore and beijing, chinacarnegie europebrussels, belgiumcarnegie indianew delhi, indiamalcolm h. kerr carnegie middle east centerbeirut, lebanoncarnegie russia eurasia centerberlin, germanyresearchemissaryaboutexpertsdonatesupportprogramseventsblogspodcastsvideosnewslettersannual reportscareersaisee all topicssee all regionsthe six areas in trump’s executive orders that countries in africa and the global south should pay attention tozainab usmanrubio’s missed opportunity on migration in latin americakatie  tobinin the shadow of the minsk agreements: lessons for a potential ukraine-russia armisticemykhailo soldatenkothe six areas in trump’s executive orders that countries in africa and the global south should pay attention tozainab usmanrubio’s missed opportunity on migration in latin americakatie  tobinin the shadow of the minsk agreements: lessons for a potential ukraine-russia armisticemykhailo soldatenkothe six areas in trump’s executive orders that countries in africa and the global south should pay attention tozainab usmanrubio’s missed opportunity on migration in latin americakatie  tobinin the shadow of the minsk agreements: lessons for a potential ukraine-russia armisticemykhailo soldatenkoitem 1 of 3middle eastarticleyouth and climate change in the middle east and north africasarah yerkes, saad uakkascommentarytrump should know that existential threats don’t lend themselves to dealsmarwan muasherpapergender politics and saudi arabia’s king abdullah scholarship programnermin  allammore on middle easttechnologypaperassessing national information ecosystems alicia wanless, samantha lai, john hickspapertechnology federalism: u.s. states at the vanguard of ai governancescott kohlerpapermanaging the risks of china’s access to u.s. data and control of software and connected technologypeter harrellmore on technologyabout the carnegie endowmentthe carnegie endowment for international peace generates strategic ideas and independent analysis, supports diplomacy, and trains the next generation of international scholar-practitioners to help countries and institutions take on the most difficult global problems and advance peace.who we aredonate to support carnegietrending topics and regionsclimate changedemocracyglobal governanceisraelpalestineukrainesyriasee all regionssee all topicswe deliver unbiased research to decisionmakers who help set the global policy agendaour scholars generate strategic ideas and independent analysis to help inform countries, institutions, and leaders as they take on the most difficult global problems.see our research researchrussia in the middle east and north africa—disrupting washington’s influence and redefining moscow’s global roleamr hamzawyresearchcivic activism in an intensifying climate crisis+15erin jones, richard youngs, oscar berglund, amanda machin, claire mellier, graham smith, paweł marczewski, james patterson, özge zihnioğlu, javier neidhardt, rachel cox, maha yahya, issam kayssi, youssef cherif, tinashe gumbo, ming-sho ho, emily hardy, cristina  buzasuwe generate actionable policy ideas to help forge a safer world our scholars from around the world provide decisionmakers with pragmatic recommendations to support viable long-term solutions to global challenges.recent recommendations researchgeopolitics and economic statecraft in the european union+8rosa balfour, eugenia baroncelli, lizza bomassi, raluca csernatoni, andreas goldthau, giovanni grevi, catherine hoeffler, erik jones, pavi prakash nair, sinan ülgen, richard youngsresearchu.s.-china relations for the 2030s: toward a realistic scenario for coexistence+11christopher s. chivvis, mariano-florentino (tino) cuéllar, evan medeiros, stephen walt, john culver, rosemary foot, c. fred bergsten, edoardo campanella, meg rithmire, m. taylor fravel, eric heginbotham, george perkovich, audrye wong, stephen  wertheimchart of the weekwe use data to guide our understanding of complex issuescarnegie leverages data to understand the threats and opportunities affecting global security and well-being.explore stewart patrick's use of data in his emissary commentary, “trump’s move to gut usaid reveals the crux of his foreign policy.”read the commentary we focus on cross-cutting policy issues and key regionscarnegie scholars provide topical analysis on democracy, technology, climate, and other issues within the regional context in asia, africa, europe, east and south asia, the middle east, russia and eurasia, the united states, and latin america.see our programs africa
american statecraft
asia
carnegie california
democracy, conflict, and governance
europe
global order and institutionsmiddle east
nuclear policy
russia and eurasia
south asia
sustainability, climate, and geopolitics
technology and international affairswe host events worldwide to unpack the most difficult global challengescarnegie’s regular series of global public events, both virtual and in person, bring together top experts to discuss and debate pressing threats to global security and provide solutions.see all events eventpriorities for the u.s. administration and congress on strengthening economic relations with africajanuary 30, 2025+4yinka adegoke, christopher s. chivvis, katie  auth, ramsey day, nicolas lippolis, jane munga, zainab usmaneventstandoff at the border: rebuilding the india-china relationshipfebruary 4, 2025saheb singh chadha, tanvi madan, ashley j. telliseventwhat does the fall of the assad regime mean for syria and the middle east?december 20, 2024aaron david miller, sanam vakil, charles listercollectioncarnegie explainer videosdiscover what’s driving today’s hottest global issues with carnegie explainers.with expert insights and rich visuals, our scholars bring clarity to complex foreign policy issues, providing a deeper understanding of critical geopolitical challenges.see the collection videoemissaryis ai the future of national security?through a simulation of a chinese blockade on taiwan, carnegie scholars examine ai's potential impact on national security crises. how would ai impact the speed, perception, and groupthink of bureaucratic decisionmakers? learn more in christopher s. chivvis and jennifer kavanagh's full article.christopher s. chivvisvideohypersonic missiles arms race: what you need to knowhypersonic missiles can travel faster than five times the speed of sound. russia and china have invested heavily in different types of hypersonic missiles capable of carrying both nuclear and conventional warheads. the united states has also invested in its hypersonic missile technology. what are hypersonic weapons capable of, and what dangers do they pose to international stability? is another arms race under way?james m. actonvideowagner group: are russia’s mercenaries a threat to u.s. interests?russia’s shadowy mercenaries known as the wagner group offer moscow deniability on the battlefield and a cheap way to build influence across the globe.collectioncarnegie explainer videosdiscover what’s driving today’s hottest global issues with carnegie explainers.with expert insights and rich visuals, our scholars bring clarity to complex foreign policy issues, providing a deeper understanding of critical geopolitical challenges.see the collection videoemissaryis ai the future of national security?through a simulation of a chinese blockade on taiwan, carnegie scholars examine ai's potential impact on national security crises. how would ai impact the speed, perception, and groupthink of bureaucratic decisionmakers? learn more in christopher s. chivvis and jennifer kavanagh's full article.christopher s. chivvisvideohypersonic missiles arms race: what you need to knowhypersonic missiles can travel faster than five times the speed of sound. russia and china have invested heavily in different types of hypersonic missiles capable of carrying both nuclear and conventional warheads. the united states has also invested in its hypersonic missile technology. what are hypersonic weapons capable of, and what dangers do they pose to international stability? is another arms race under way?james m. actonvideowagner group: are russia’s mercenaries a threat to u.s. interests?russia’s shadowy mercenaries known as the wagner group offer moscow deniability on the battlefield and a cheap way to build influence across the globe.1779 massachusetts avenue nwwashington, dc 20036-2103phone: 202 483 7600fax: 202 483 1840researchemissaryaboutexpertsdonateprogramseventsblogspodcastscontactannual reportscareersprivacyfor media government resourcesget more news and analysis fromcarnegie endowment for international peacesubscribe© 2024 carnegie endowment for international peace. all rights reserved.

