


cultural savvy: cross-cultural training, coaching, consulting firm, san francisco, california

















home
services
culture
tips / info
about us 
work with  us 
contact


 












cultural learning solutions for global success




 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 


of interest


 


cultural savvy interviewed by mosaic magazine on  topic of
              "gifting traditions around the world"


 


2025
              year of the snake


 


workshop
"working productively with india:  navigating strategic and cultural challenges


 


rosh hashanah - celebrating jewish new year


 


mexican cultural highlights


 


cultural insights - hospitality


 


languages in taiwan


 


working with interpreters


 


understanding american culture


 


nemawashi - japanese cultural concept


 


japanese cultural insights & tips for visiting japan


 


communication tips for native english speakers


 


 communicating with the japanese


 





chinese etiquette
and protocol


 


communicating across cultures


 


gift-giving savvy


 


marketing japan - what history can teaches us


 


japanese proverbs





scenic japan
original photos by
                nory yamaguchi
                tokyo, japan


 


 









 






celebrating 25 years assisting global clients


 
 
 


"an organization's ability to learn, and translate that learning into action
                    rapidly is the ultimate competitive advantage."
                    ~jack welch, former ge ceo





globalization has created unlimited, unprecedented business opportunities around the world, but at the same time business has become more complex, dynamic, and competitive. underestimating the impact culture has on business can lead to misunderstandings, communication 
                breakdown, missed opportunities and loss of reputation.


"by failing to prepare, you are preparing to fail."
~ benjamin franklin


for more than twenty years, cultural savvy has been designing  learning solutions that blend the benefits of cross-cultural training 
                and leadership coaching. our goal is to assist clients develop essential skills and effectively address the specific needs and challenges facing global companies in today's competitive market. cultural savvy specializes in both culture-specific training/coaching and mission-critical learning solutions for by global organizations.. our team of experts is a global network of experienced trainers and leadership coaches.



 


 cultural savvy's working across cultures series...


 



working with china

working with taiwan

working with korea

working with japan



working with vietnam

working with india

working with singapore

working with israel



working with ireland

working with france

working with germany

working with spain



working with mexico

working with brazil

working with americans

working with mena


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


mission-critical learning solutions... 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



leadership development

efficient global teams

effectrive communication 

welcome global visitors



global meeting preparation

inclusive workplace

global personnel assignments

conferences & events







 
 
 


training & coaching highlights


 
 
 


benefits of cross-cultural training & coaching


 
 
 





culturally savvy employees are more effective and productive



culturally competent employees are more effective in leadership roles



training reduces incidents of cultural shock for employees & families



cultural sensitivity is the key to building successful relationships



minimize communication breakdowns & misunderstandings



culturally competent employees are valuable company ambassadors



cross-cultural training is an investment that will pay long-term dividends.



training and coaching can give organizations a competitive advantage.




 


not offering cultural learning solutions in your organization?


 



there is no budget for cultural training this year, but will consider it for next year.
our employees can't take the time to be away from their work.
we had a training once. it was interesting but didn't help our employees develop the practical and sustainable skills.
things are progressing pretty smoothly, though communication issues are a challenge.
 we have employees from different cultures - can't they provide information on their cultures?
not sure how to evaluate our needs or how to select the best trainers and coaches for our company.



 






 


 









contact us to discuss how our training, consulting, and coaching services can help your company become culturally savvy.  


 


 















 
home
services
culture
tips/info
about us
work with us
contact


 
email us   |   www.culturalsavvy.com   | ©1999-2024 cultural savvy. â all rights reserved. terms of use 




