




	ams obsolete home page











                    ams obsolete - nos, used, aftermarket & reproduction mopar parts, 1914-present
                






homeonline storepart cataloghotsheetpart searchcross refparts requestparts carsshowsebaypoliciespaypalcontactsell to usaboutemployeesliterature















welcome to www.amsnos.com

ams obsolete's official website

your source of nos mopar parts 1914-present






                                we stock over 1,000,000 new, 
			                    used and reproduction parts for chrysler built vehicles from 1914 to present; 
			                    including chrysler, plymouth, dodge, dodge truck, desoto, imperial, shelby, fargo, 
			                    chrysler marine, chrysler industrial, simca, plymouth cricket, dodge colt  and dodge us army trucks, m880 and older....we stock nos parts 
                                for 2 door cars, 4 door models, convertibles, station wagons, trucks, chrysler marine and chrysler industrial engines.. 
                    








just 1/2 of one of the warehouses!








1968 imperial convertible for sale! click photo for more information.





hundreds of nos mopar shocks, and aftermarket monroe and gabriel shocks!





thousands of nos mopar body mouldings!







hundreds of nos mopar torsion bars!





hundreds of nos mopar wheel opening mouldings!





hundreds of nos and used mopar radios!







hundreds of nos mopar brake drums and hubs!




nos window regulators
nos gauges
nos carburetors
nos brake parts
nos trim pieces
nos engine bearings
nos cables
nos transmission parts
nos frame rails
nos hoods and doors
nos brackets and braces
nos oil seals and bearings
nos suspension pieces
nos gaskets (even the obscure ones)
nos direct connection/mopar performance







hundreds of nos mopar steering shafts!







non-mopar that needs a good home. make an offer!





hundreds of nos mopar sheetmetal items!





old-style hemi generator! make an offer!







hundreds of nos mopar quarter panels!





hundreds of nos mopar radiators!





good selection of mopar hp engines and manifolds!







hundreds of nos and used mopar rocker mouldings!






                        contact us at the following location:
						retail store/warehouse/salvage facility

ams obsolete
13459 fairmount highway
p.o. box 621
fairmount, georgia 30139 usa
phone 706-337-4606
fax 706-243-6368 
email ams obsolete



in memory of

frank mitchell

february 18, 1950 - august 6, 2014







50,000 sq. ft. of nos mopar parts stacked from floor to ceiling!







thousands of mopar parts books, service manuals, brochures, owner's manuals, etc..











over 900 mopar parts cars!



















hundreds of nos mopar exhaust pipes!





hundreds of nos mopar fenders!





hundreds of nos mopar belts and hoses!







thousands of not inventoried boxes. new parts are posted daily as we process these parts.





this website is not a complete listing of parts we have in stock.
			                    we are trying to get all parts identified, and put on this website, but it will take years to do this. 
			                    thank you for your patience. if you have a parts book, and know the part number you are looking for, use the 'part search' 
			                    link at the top. most (not all) of our nos parts are loaded into that search function.




warning: motor vehicles contain fuel, oils and fluids, battery posts, terminals and related accessories which contain lead and lead compounds and other chemicals known to the state of california to cause cancer, birth defects and other reproductive harm. these chemicals are found in vehicles, vehicle parts and accessories, both new and as replacements. when being serviced, these vehicles generate used oil, waste fluids, grease, fumes and particulates, all known to the state of california to cause cancer, birth defects, and reproductive harm.












