


bosworth tools for building log furniture, railing and stake makers:  tenon cutter,  draw knife, drawknives, draw knives, stakemaker, drills and more





 






































home




view cart




how it all works




demo dvd




common questions




new products!




tenon cutters




kits




bits and countersinks




drills & drawknives




clamp & carriage




log peeler




building materials




replacement parts/blades




gift certificates




rentals/schools/dealers




contact us



















hello!  note: log peeler discs, blades and shafts are available online -- 
for all other tools, however, please call 406-886-2500 or wait to order after april 1.  
***note*** we have a customer wanting to sell his barely used 3/4" clamp and carriage system.  if interested, please email your name and phone number and we will be happy to pass it along.  thank you!
your complete woodworking tools
and supply source - usa made -
to build your own log furniture & log railing
 
 spindle makers, tenon cutters, log peeler discs, drawknives, drills, forstner bits, tapered countersinks, industrial grade barker tenon cutters, long tenon cutters & more!
 see our grinder mount log peeler disc under "log peeler"!
 
> no sales tax! <
add these easy-to-use log furniture building tools to your shop and you will have the opportunity to create custom log furniture and log railings for your home or to sell.

 build your own log furniture--
 so easy anyone can do it!

with the right tools, you or others in your family will be able to make log furniture and log railing within hours!  whether you are just beginning to build log furniture or are a professional, our tenon makers and log furniture tools will help you take advantage of this rapidly growing industry.  see our tenon cutters on sale now!
 
note:  this website is readily accessible and usable by individuals with disabilities, coded to work properly with assistive technology.  we are proud to be compliant with the americans with disabilities act of 1990 (ada) and web content accessibility guidelines (wcag).  for any questions in this regard, please do not hesitate to call or email us.  




 





click on the image to the left to view a video clip of how the tenon cutter works!




			 


 
on sale now!
			 
log furniture and log railing are so simple to build, it takes only four tools!

tenon cutter   
drill 
forstner bit  
bench vise or clamp & carriage 

 


 






   



		 

on-line orders: paypal, visa, mastercard, discover or american express.
note: we are currently shipping only to the continental united states, alaska and hawaii.
to answer any shipping questions, please 
		email: bosworthtools@gmail.com
monday-friday 9am-5pm mtn standard time
		 



		 

 
                                     
		
  
		                                           accept credit cards 

 

bosworth tools inc • customer service and mail orders: (406) 886-2500
		e-mail - sales / product questions: bosworthtools@gmail.com mailing address: 23296 bosworth lane-swan lake, mt 59911
		privacy policy  © copyright 2023 bosworth tools inc., all rights reserved.  
if the price is incorrect due to typo or misprint, you will be notified before shipping.


 

 

 

 









powered by shoppingcartsplus.com webstore builder
















