








ucare | minnesota health insurance coverage











































skip to navigation
skip to content
skip to footer










for providers


for brokers







log in






online member account


provider portal


broker portal


medicare application












 home page























health plans

medicare advantage plans
medicare supplement plans
individual & family plans
medicaid plans
medicare group plans
assisted living/nursing home plans
find a health plan
all health plans



search network

find a doctor
find a clinic or hospital
find a pharmacy
search list of covered drugs
find a broker



health and wellness

rewards and incentives
benefits and perks
healthy benefits+ visa® card
special programs and support
preventive care
classes and education
health information and tips
all health and wellness topics



member center


plan documents






















watch ucare member stories

as a nonprofit, members are the heart of our health plans. we work hard to bring health coverage to people in all walks of life, so they can get the care they need.


view member stories


share your story










  
find your fit
need health insurance? we’re your friendly figure-outers, here to help you sort through the details and find a ucare plan that fits your life and budget.










medicare plans        
ucare offers a range of medicare plans designed to meet your needs, including medicare advantage and medicare supplement plans. we've got just the plan for you.


medicare plans












individual and family plans        
ucare offers flexible plans that help you live well and stay well. a mix of plan options with varying levels of premiums, cost sharing and networks make it easy to get the care you need.



individual and family plans












medicaid plans        
ucare has plans for people of all ages with lower incomes, people with disabilities and those who qualify for a dual plan (medicare and medicaid benefits combined). no matter your income, we have a plan for you.



medicaid plans












already a member?
find what you need to get the most out of your health plan.








            access member account
        

explore your plan benefits, plus view your claims, expenses and more.



log in












            find tools and tips
        

make the most of your health plan with helpful information in the member center.



visit member center












            get support
        

have a question? ucare customer service is here for you.




get support














your health coverage simplifiers
ucare has been helping people access health care since 1984.
we're an independent nonprofit offering health coverage across minnesota and western wisconsin. our people powered team works hard to fulfill our mission, improving the health of our members through our values of integrity, community, quality, flexibility and respect.
get to know us
join our team












for our partners
our providers and brokers serve a vital role in our mission to improve the health of ucare members. find everything you need to team up with us.







provider information            

information for our health care providers to help deliver the highest quality care.
provider tools









broker portal            

resources and tools to help brokers guide clients to the best plan for them.
broker tools











news and updates


december 2024
change healthcare incident
ucare is aware that our vendor, change healthcare, experienced a security breach and will be notifying individuals whose information has been compromised. for further details, please visit change healthcare’s substitute notice website or contact their dedicated call center at 1-866-262-5342.
view hipaa website substitute notice


november 2024
2025 individual & family plans offer more
a large network. value-added benefits. health club and grocery savings. affordable options. ucare’s 2025 individual & family plans offer these and more – just in time for open enrollment.
research ucare's 2025 individual & family plans


october 2024
2025 medicare plans are here
what’s new for ucare’s 2025 medicare plans? more of the same – an extensive provider network, flexible options, affordable premiums, allowances for vision/dental/hearing aids and ucare people power here to help.
more about ucare's 2025 medicare plans


june 2024
ucare celebrates 40 years with 40 acts of community service
from its humble origins in 1984 as a demonstration project serving fewer than 100 medicaid recipients, ucare has grown to become a leading medicaid, medicare and individual & family plan provider. ucare also was recognized ― for the 15th year! ―  as a star tribune top 200 workplace.
check out ucare’s 40th anniversary plans













                contact us
            

customer service


sales




                other links
            

non-discrimination notice


privacy notice


legal notice


data and third-party apps


no surprises act


transparency in coverage


interqual® medical necessity criteria






                about us
            

careers


about ucare


counties


brokers


media


providers






                languages
            

español


lus hmoob


af-soomaali












 
facebook

 

 
linkedin

 

 
instagram

 






                    minneapolis
                


500 stinson boulevard ne minneapolis, mn 55413





                    duluth
                


325 west central entrance, suite 200 duluth, mn 55811








ucare is a registered service mark of ucare minnesota | ©2025 ucare minnesota. all rights reserved.













