






my friends place deli | soups, salads, sandwiches, desserts, catering












































home
|
online ordering

east cobb
mcfarland
sugarloaf parkway


|
locations

east cobb
mcfarland
sugarloaf parkway

































about

our story
mfp history
executive team
testimonials


menu

lunch menu
catering menu
product photos
nutrition


franchising

about mfp
the mfp difference
mfp franchise opportunity
the franchise process
franchise support
contact us to get started
real estate inquiry
franchise partners testimonials
restaurant photos
our mfp team


press releases
contact us

























home
locations
order online

east cobb
mcfarland
sugarloaf


about
franchise opportunity
press releases
contact





























 















prepared fresh.simply delicious!
freshly preparedingredients.
soups, salads,sandwiches, desserts, catering









did you know?
we cater!
let my friend’s place cateryour next big event









ask about themfp lifestyle!

my friend’s place could bethe right franchise for you!










food you can feel good about!
my friend’s place promises to provide our customers a friendly atmosphere serving freshly prepared ingredients to meet the needs of an active, healthy lifestyle.



find your nearest location now!




















































simple. fresh. delicious.

welcome! let us first say that those of us at my friend’s place are on a mission. since our founding in 1980 we have been compelled by the concept of uniting the taste of fresh food, the benefits of a healthy lifestyle, and the familiar presence of a long-time friend. our goal is to go beyond the standards of your average deli and provide an atmosphere and community that inspires good health and instills the ever-rewarding values of a well-rounded diet.





we’ve come far since the beginning and we’re more than certain that it’s all due to our steadfast belief in the core values and concepts that first sparked this movement. our growth has come from retaining a high level of service and an aptitude for providing a luscious array of healthy foods for our customers.
if you ask around northern georgia, particularly in the metro atlanta area, you’ll find that we’ve developed a reputation as a fast, fun, fit and friendly restaurant and we couldn’t be more proud of that fact. while catering for those with an active lifestyle (and a healthy palate!) we’ve learned to keep busy and bring nothing but the best to the table.
we’re confident in what we do and the service we provide and the beliefs we share with our customers. stay active, eat well and bring a friend!











 









copyright 2023 my friend’s place | all rights reserved | privacypolicy



 






















