




value city furniture | new jersey, nj, staten island, hoboken





















 













skip to main content








            location_on
        
you're shopping () :
warning





select a showroom
check availability
update your location

close





update



enter your zip above to search for the showrooms closest to you



displaying stores closest to





you may select one or more stores below





we found 0 stores nearest you. check your zip code to ensure you entered the correct one.




loading...





save changes


loading...
































search









locations

come say hello!


bayonne new jersey furniture store


eatontown new jersey furniture store


fairfield new jersey furniture store


green brook new jersey furniture store


howell new jersey furniture store


lakewood new jersey furniture store


manahawkin new jersey furniture store


toms river new jersey furniture store 



view all




sign in



cart


0








cart


0






search





search
















locations


sign in









your sectional, your way$395 per piececustomize yours today!by ashleyshop nowshop mattressesfinancing that fits into your life!we offer a variety of plans that will accommodate your financing needs.learn moresubject to credit approval.shop by categoryrugs with benefits - like free shippingoutdoor furniturefeatured categories










don’t miss out on deals & new releases





submitting...







contact notes - required*

do you agree to the terms of service?











































value city furniture features a great selection of sofas, sectionals, recliners, chairs, leather furniture, custom upholstery, beds, mattresses, dressers, nightstands, dining sets, kitchen storage, office furniture, entertainment and can help you with your home design and decorating. value city furniture offers great quality furniture, at a low price to the new jersey, nj, staten island, hoboken area.
information accuracy - we have taken great care to provide you with information that is accurate and useful. please notify us if you find an error and we will do our best to correct it. we ask that you contact us directly to confirm information about pricing, color, features, dimensions, availability and lead times.
nothing on this page may be copied or reproduced without explicit permission.







site powered by furnituredealer.net © 2006 - 2025 furnituredealer.net, inc., all rights reserved.


privacy policy
accessibility statement
do not sell my personal information


























