


rx laughter












 

501c3 

              nonprofit corporation  









 






home
|
supporters
|
media
|
news
|
wellness projects
|
reference
|
donate
|
contact
|
about





 




 








 

 
 
 





 






 

 home





   for all rx laughter auctions, go to charitybuzz.com and put rx laughter in search.  some are also listed on our news/special events page.





"laughter is the tonic, the surcease, the relief from pain." 
- 
                    charlie chaplin  

                  





"against the assault of laughter, nothing can stand" 
                  -  mark twain  

                  









 rx laughter mental health digital wellness center links:
www.facebook.com/rxlcopingclips/videos/
www.facebook.com/rxlstudentpairup
www.facebook.com/rxlprescribed4kids
www.facebook.com/rxlprescribed4adults/
wellness projects category on top of this website home page for general info about these and our at-hospital programs.

 





welcome 

2025  new initiatives: (see categories for more info) rx laughter digital podcastsrx laughter virtual reality
an introduction to rx laughter.

thank you for visiting rx laughter. founded in 1998 by long time network programmer, sherry dunay hilber (bio), rx laughter is a 501c3 nonprofit.  we create projects that focus on the importance of entertainment, especially humor and comedy, as a coping resource for improved physical and mental health.  we began as a research project, partnering with the ucla semel neuropsychiatric institute, to examine the relationship between comedy viewing and physical health during recovery  for children undergoing medical care  within  hospital settings.  over the  past few years, we expanded our focus to using storytelling from comedy television and films to help people improve coping with their  many life challenges such as addiction, depression, anger management, interpersonal conflicts at work, at home, with family and friends. we emphasize how comedic storytelling,  through television and films,  can bring greater insights, leading to greater self awareness and improved well being.

our pages on this site reflect our early work regarding the connections between comedy and improved physical health. our more recent work describes our projects between a sense of humor, a positive and inspirational approach to problems and improved mental health.

please visit the pages here to learn more about our projects, our supporters and our goals by clicking on the photos below and our wellness projects category above.

thank you again for joining us in our mission advocating the important use of positive and uplifting entertainment as a "prescription" for improved physical and emotional health. 

sherry dunay hilber
founder, rx laughter
			  























 








pages on this website are updated from time to time.
website written and edited by sherry hilber. 
website programmer: daniel simkins
no reproduction or other usage of any text, 

              photos or other materials that are on this website are allowable 

            without the permission of rx laughter inc. 


 


   


 


 rx laughter is 

              a 501c3 tax exempt nonprofit corporation.






