









lisa lampanelli










































 





								subscribe to lisa's brand-new podcast,"losers with a dream"click here!











 








 home
 performances 
 feed 
 contact 






















































performances


contact









  about lisa lampanelli
storyteller, performer, inspiration to millions!
with a career that spanned more than 30 years, lisa lampanelli was a constant on the comedy scene. with numerous tours, grammy nominations, and national tv guest appearances and specials under her belt, lisa made headlines in 2012 when she lost more than 100 pounds with the help of bariatric surgery. the comedian went on to speak with unflinching honesty about her lifelong food and body-image issues, and has since gone from insulter to inspirer. she announced her retirement from stand-up comedy on the howard stern radio program in late 2018 and is now dedicating her life to performing in storytelling shows and being a general overall bad-ass.
								
in 2015, lampanelli shot her fifth stand-up special, “back to the drawing board.” that special not only garnered her a second grammy nomination, it showed off her radically different look and featured stories of her weight-loss struggles over the course of her life. noticing how these truthful accounts resonated with her fans – many of whom fight similar battles – lampanelli was inspired to write the play, stuffed, which enjoyed two off-broadway runs in 2016 and 2017. the play was intended to motivate her fans to work on themselves and embrace a healthier life through self-love and self-acceptance. in turn, those same fans inspired lisa to shed her old title of insult comic and dedicate herself to helping others through storytelling events full of humor, truth, and questionable advice.

having become known to u.s. audiences from appearances on the comedy central roasts, the howard stern show, and the “tonight show with jay leno,” lisa became a household name when she raised $130,000 for the gay men’s health crisis during season 5 of nbc’s “celebrity apprentice.” after having hit every possible career high in her stand-up career – including sold-out shows at radio city music hall and carnegie hall – lampanelli is thrilled to take on this new challenge.







  
 lisa live onstage
lisa lampanelli's sit down & shut up!
lisa lampanelli’s sit down & shut up! is a hilarious evening of stories, insight, and questionable advice from the former queen of mean, lisa lampanelli. a left-turn from the insult comedy she’d long been known for, lisa has created a revealing and revelatory evening by letting it all hang out. from her ups-and-down with dieting and body image, to her shocking very public retirement from insult comedy, in sit down & shut up!, lisa tells all!
								
								part sit-down interview, part storytelling show, and – yes, you knew it had to happen – a little bit of a roast, sit down & shut up! is lisa's chance to come clean. sure, she’s not calling people names anymore or taking celebrities to task for just being eminently roast-able, but lisa has no problem being way too real. her yoyo-ing weight, her bariatric surgery, her divorces – yep, there’s two of ‘em – and her stepping back from standing up are all dissected during this funny, fearless evening. plus, lisa, ever the helpful hero that she is, will answer audience questions, coach willing participants, and hopefully help people at the same time. from the queen of mean to the queen of meaning, lisa will do it all in one rollicking performance.
							

 purchase tickets here 







the evolution of lisa
how the queen of mean turned into the queen of meaning

6/21/18
thrive loud podcast with lou diamond


5/3/18
psychology today


12/6/17
huffingtonpost


9/22/16
new york times


12/1/15
kripalu.org








more about the new-and-possibly-improvedlisa lampanelli









































  


 lisa inspiration to millions! 






  






 enter your email here 
submit 
























© 2023 all rights reserved | lisa lampanelli | contact






















