


coin values, coin collecting, old & rare coins, coin prices + ask coindoc





coin values, coin collecting, old & rare coins, coin prices + ask coindoc






























































 






















 




menuwhat’s it worth?u.s. coin valuesu.s. error coin valuesu.s. paper money valuesu. s. paper money error valuesphilippines coin values closesell your coinssell your coinscoinsite buyers faqtruth in the coin shopshould i get my coin collection appraised? closegold & silveru.s. gold coinsbullion gold/silverterritorial/fractional goldsilveru.s. silver coins: when they ended and what they’re worthmorgan silver dollars closeu.s. coinsu.s. coins & currencyu.s. centsu.s. nickelsu.s. dimes, quarters & half dollarsu.s. dollarsu.s. gold coins closeexceptional u.s. coinsu.s. classic commemoratives & government setshistory of u.s. coinsthe history of u.s. coinscommemoratives closeunited states paper money closeworld coinsworld coins & paper moneyworld coins – historyselected world coin articlesnorth americau.s. coins & currencyexceptional u.s. coinscolonial americacanada closeeuropefrancegreat britainspain/ spanish colonial/ latin americaitaly/vaticangermany/austria closeaustraliaasia/middle east close close closecoin docarticles & opinionsask the coin doccoin doc’s archivesnumismatically speakinggeneral closeexceptional coinsexceptional u.s. coins close










errors
cleaning coins
fun coin q&a
faq

frequently asked questions
valuing coins
coin grading
u.s. gold coins
united states paper money
coins in general
resources











1


















new to coin collecting?coinsite features a world-class compilation of numismatic information, coin and paper money prices, history, images, articles, opinions, questions and answers – all dealing with old and rare coins and paper money. this wealth of information has been assembled over a period of some 35+ years by two collector/coin dealers. putting it all together for you on coinsite has truly been a “labor of love” for us. please explore and enjoy. 
coin values

u.s. coin valuesprices for united states coins
what’s my coin worth?
note: the prices listed below a…u.s. error coin valueswhat’s my error coin worth?
prices for united states error coins
note: the approximate p…u.s. paper money values what’s my paper money worth?
prices for united states small size paper money
appr…u. s. paper money error valueswhat’s my paper money error worth?
prices for united states paper money errors
collect…philippines coin valuesthe philippines was ceded to the united states as part of the settlement between spain and the unite…




gold


bullion gold/silverbuying goldterritorial/fractional gold



what is my $50 american gold coin with mcmlxxxvii on it?caitlin e. writes:  i have a 50 dollar american 10oz gold coin that is 1 1/4 inches in diameter. the…why do 90% “junk silver” coins have a silver content of only 71%?steve w.writes: i have been unable to locate any information on why 90% “junk silver” coins have an …what was the silver value of 1964 and 1965 half dollars when they were minted?mahra p. writes: i am curious about the 1964 and 1965 silver half dollars. what was the price of sil…will the u.s. mint ever produce a silver coin again?bradley b. asks: will the us mint ever produce a silver or silver content coin again? i metal detect…1849 10 dollar mormon golderin w. writes: i have a morman 1849 ten dollar gold coin. the front of the coin says “pure gold ten…a giant buffalo nickel and a one pound silver eagle?mike f. writes:  i have a buffalo nickel coin that is 77mm in diameter. it is dated 1913 with the s …


previous1234…9next




want to know more about old coins and paper money?don’t know the difference between a peace or a morgan silver dollar? want to know all about lincoln cents, mercury dimes, u.s. paper money, silver certificates or why old coins are not necessarily valuable? learn all this and more about coins and collecting right here. you’ll find the history, values and story behind all u.s. coin types made since the u.s. mint first struck coins in 1793. there’s also a numismatic faq, a “what’s it worth?” section for coin values and paper money values, hundreds of spectacular images of some unusually special copper, silver and gold coins, as well as a huge archive of the coin doc’s answers to search or browse. it’s not only informative, it’s fun! 

united states paper money

all about united states paper moneycollecting united states paper moneyunited states red seal notessmall size silver certificates
selling old coins or paper money?coinsite buyers is a hassle-free way for coin collectors and others to sell coins and paper money. whether it’s a partial collection or just an accumulation of coins you have laying around, we’ll buy it all. and it’s as easy as going to your local post office. with over four decades of numismatic experience and serving customers online for over 18 years, we make it reliable, safe and easy to sell your coins and paper money items by mail. check out our special buy prices – updated daily!


















investing in coins


buying goldbullion gold/silverinvestmentmorgan silver dollarsvaluing coins



is it rare or is it just bullion?j.b. writes:  we have mexican 50 peso gold coin and 4 hungarian gold dollars do you have any idea of…what gold coins should i buy to pass on to my family?question: i have two small children that i would like to give a gold coin each ($5, 10 or 20), not s…is it worth holding on to the new gold dollar coins?jack w. asks: is it worth holding on to the new gold dollar coins? if it is, are there certain ones …is there any real value in buying a graded bullion coin?mark writes: i’ve got a two-part question. im a rather new gold coin collector. ive started off just…what’s the best bet for the future – platinum, gold, or silver coins?joseph t. jr. writes: what do you think would be the best bet for the future: to buy platinum, gold,…premiums on bullion coinskathy m. asks: i have a patron wondering “why the krugerrand costs more than ‘normal’ gold pieces. i…


previous12next










coin values






how do you figure the gold content of a 1918 mexican 20 pesos?paul a. writes: i know from one of your previous answers that in order to find the approximate curre…what’s the difference between the red book and the blue book?roy c. writes: doc, the official red book of united states coins and the official blue book of unite…why do 90% “junk silver” coins have a silver content of only 71%?steve w.writes: i have been unable to locate any information on why 90% “junk silver” coins have an …


previous1234…32next









coin grading






do all genuine 1932-d quarters have a “filled mint mark”?s.h. writes: i have purchased a 1932-d washington quarter in vf condition. the mint mark actually lo…how do i get “rainbow toning” on a coin?todd v. asks: how do i get a rainbow toning on a coin? or what is the chemical process to make a rai…does it matter if i remove proof coins from their original mint packaging?joe c. writes: i have a number of proof sets which are now in u.s. mint cellophane all have coa. wou…


previous1234…17next












thank’s for visiting coinsite! i’m the coindoc, a professional numismatist  and the expert author of coinsite.com  
more about me



u.s. paper currency

all about united states paper moneynovember 27, 2013collecting united states paper moneynovember 27, 2013united states red seal notesnovember 27, 2013small size silver certificatesnovember 27, 2013national currencynovember 27, 2013world war ii emergency moneynovember 27, 2013
coin collecting

should i get my coin collection appraised?should i have my coins professionally graded or not?should i get my coins re-graded?how much does light wiping and/or cleaning detract from the value of silver coins?why is there a difference between grading services if all of them use the same grading guidelines?selling a coin collection







the history of u.s. coins

the history of u.s. coins early american colonial coinageread morethe history of u.s. coins early american confederational coinageread morethe history of u.s. coins 1793 liberty cap half cent bust leftread morethe history of u.s. coins 1794-97 liberty cap half cent bust rightread morethe history of u.s. coins 1800-08 draped bust half centread more



exceptional u.s. coins

1652 massachusetts pine tree shilling – large planchetdefying its charter from england’s king, the massachusetts bay colony set up a mint in boston i…read more1776 continental dollarloosely united even in the midst of the revolutionary war, the new states had no unity whatever…read more1792 half disme – ex. jimmy hayes collectionex. jimmy hayes collection, stacks, october 1985, lot 3. we’ll let stack’s catalog description …read more







u.s. coins


u.s. centsu.s. dollarsu.s. nickelsu.s. dimes, quarters & half dollars






what is my $50 american gold coin with mcmlxxxvii on it?caitlin e. writes:  i have a 50 dollar american 10oz gold coin that is 1 1/4 inches in diameter…1886 u.s. mint abraham lincoln medali.r. writes: what can you tell me about a copper lincoln inauguration coin dated march 4, 1861?…the 1955 “poor man’s” double die lincoln centlarry c. writes: in the 1960’s i bought a lincoln cent from a coin dealer in evansville, ind. i…what’s the difference between the red book and the blue book?roy c. writes: doc, the official red book of united states coins and the official blue book of …a 1972-s copper-clad aluminum lincoln cent?mike k. writes: i am trying to find out any information i can about a penny that i have. it is …u.s. coins & currency $100 bill with a “partial wet ink transfer” errorcody g. writes: the ink on this bill has smeared and bled through the bill. watermark and all o…









buying gold






is it rare or is it just bullion?j.b. writes:  we have mexican 50 peso gold coin and 4 hungarian gold dollars do you have any idea of…


previous1234…7next






technology






bitcoin and crypto as store of valueinvestmentcoindocfebruary 23, 2021bitcoin, along with other cryptocurrencies, can be thought o…coin shortage 2020coindocjuly 20, 2020there is currently a shortage of coins in the united states.…


load more









buying silver






how much do morgan & peace dollars weigh?mike b. asks: hello, what is the weight in ounces for the morgan and peace dollars? what about the w…what do the letters “vam” stand for in the description of a morgan dollar?vincent f. asks: what do the letters “vam” stand for in the description of a morgan dollar?
vam” or…1897 silver dollarjason s. writes: i recently found an 1897 silver dollar. it is not in top condition, but i still kno…


previous1234…7next









most viewed

bitcoin and crypto as store of valueinvestmentfebruary 23, 2021coin shortage 2020july 20, 2020gold coin values rise on brexit fearsinvestmentjune 16, 2016america’s first silver dollar?mexico, silver, spain/ spanish colonial/ latin americafebruary 9, 20141703 sweden 1 oreeuropefebruary 8, 2014juan carlos of spain tokenspain/ spanish colonial/ latin america, tokens/store cardsfebruary 2, 2014


aug 17, 2017coindoc
































menuu.s. coin valuessell coinsu.s. coin historyexceptional coinsfaqabout uscontactprivacy



  









2023 © coinsite





















































