



ncacdss – nc association of county departments of social services



























































ncacdss919.782.4111sransome@ncacdss.org











home

about
awards
recognition
publications
directors’ academy


other entities

counties
county vacancies
county office closures
nc state government
association & stakeholders


education/training

education and training
cw education workforce initiative


meetings/events

meetings
advocacy committee
adult services committee
children’s services committee
economic programs committee
professional capacity and personnel committee


ssi

ssi
best practices
workshops presentations
registration
photos and awards
ssi photos


members – login

members’ resources

meetings
annual meetings

annual meeting photos


county information

telecommunting


legislation
daas
dcdee
dhhs
dma
dss
ncfast


directors’ academy

information
registration
resources
modules




regional meetings
 






✕







inform. educate. empowerinform. educate. empowerinform. educate. empowerinform. 
educate. 
empowerinform. educate. empower















north carolina association
of county directors of social services 
 
the north carolina association of county directors of social services (ncacdss) is a non-profit association representing the social service directors across  north carolina’s counties. the association’s mission is to inform, educate, and empower its members in order to strengthen agencies, programs and the delivery of social services to families and individuals.
to accomplish this mission, ncacdss:

promotes sound and progressive social planning and effective methods,
educates state and federal policy-makers and the public regarding the impact of social services policies on individuals, communities, and county social services operations,
collaborates with policy makers, government agencies, community-based and grassroots organizations to improve and strengthen the capacity and delivery of effective services,
facilitates communication between and among county social service agencies, and state and federal administrative agencies, including the exchange of knowledge and best and promising practices.






news and announcements
 
 






















location3509 haworth drive suite 402 raleigh nc 27609
phone and email  p: 919.782.4111
 sransome@ncacdss.orgpay invoice pay invoice here








© north carolina association of county directors of social services. all rights reserved. 
ncacdss | 3509 haworth drive, suite 402 | raleigh nc 27609 | p: 919.782.4111               

































