








twilight times books - critically acclaimed literary, mystery and sf/f books













twilight times
                                                                 books





| awards | ebooks | media room | news | print books | readers guide | 
     
"visions of other worlds are conjured up
through the synergy of booksand your imagination."  lq


















february 2025














popular titles

all that glitters

changing faces

hidden shadows

love's labor's won


lucid

oathkeeper

stories of the confederated star systems

study in slaughter


the princess in the tower

the royal trinity

trial by fire  

work experience  
















 critically acclaimed literary, mystery and sf/f books. 


phenomenal authors
  

christopher g. nuttall has a new release, the apprentice mistress, in the schooled in magic series. 
to save a young girl from a fate worse than death, for a crime she was manipulated into committing, emily takes her as an apprentice. but marah has secrets of her own, and divided loyalties that could turn her into a loyal friend, or the most determined enemy emily has yet faced...
christopher's schooled in magic series has proven incredibly popular with readers and they have rewarded him by buying his books. we are pleased to announce that christopher has received a little over $1,000,000.00 (one million dollars; not a typo) in royalty payments from twilight times books since mid-2014.
    this has truly been a team effort. christopher is hugely talented as a writer, but this series involved dedicated beta readers, great editors (christine amsden and barb caffrey) as well as a terrific artist, brad fraunfelter, who created book covers for all of the books in the series.
    congrats to chris on his phenomenal sales!

loren k. jones, author of two popular fantasy series, brought several previously published titles to twilight times books. he had received less than $500.00 in royalty payments from his former micro-publisher. we provided great cover art, comprehensive edits and a bit of marketing savvy and reprinted his books.

as of this date, loren has received over $100k (not a typo) in royalty payments from twilight times books since mid-2016. mega congrats to loren!


 latest releases 


changing faces, fantasy romance by barb caffrey.
cursed, fantasy by christopher g. nuttall.
farindian summer, fantasy by loren k. jones.
firewalker, fantasy by loren k. jones.
gods above and below, fantasy by loren k. jones.
graduation day, fantasy by christopher g. nuttall.
hidden shadows, literary by linda lucretia shuler. (debut novel)
inadvertent adventures, sf by loren k. jones.
liberator, fantasy by loren k. jones.
little witches, fantasy by christopher g. nuttall.
lucid, fantasy by natalie roers.
mirror image, fantasy by christopher g. nuttall.
oathkeeper, fantasy by christopher nuttall
savior, fantasy by loren k. jones.
space trails, sf by darrell bain.
the andarian affair, fantasy by loren k. jones.
the artful apprentice, fantasy by christopher g. nuttall.
the broken throne, fantasy by christopher g. nuttall.
the chronicles of amberdrake, fantasy by loren k. jones.
the coravian conflict, fantasy by loren k. jones.
the legend of mary death, fantasy by loren k. jones.
the princess in the tower, fantasy by christopher g. nuttall.
the right side of history, fantasy by christopher g. nuttall.
the royal trinity, fantasy by dominick domingo.
traders and traitors, fantasy by loren k. jones.
wedding hells, fantasy by christopher g. nuttall.


   new release! 


the demon's design, fantasy by christopher g. nuttall.


 


 





























 
 				hidden shadows 
by 									linda lucretia shuler 




hidden shadows is a story of healing, of connection: to the land, to our ancestors, to others, to ourselves - and to the redemptive power of love.
"hidden shadows is a wonderful novel of a woman's journey of self-discovery and search for purpose. the characters will win your heart (and sometimes break it) in this beautifully written and satisfying story of loss and renewal." ~ sandra worth, award-winning author of the king's daughter: a novel of the first tudor queen

hidden shadows by linda lucretia shuler is the winner for original soft cover (mass market and trade) category in the 2016 willa literary competition.

  chapter excerpt
format: epub, kindle/mobi, pdf, html 
    payment method
paypal -or- credit card -or- check
list price: $6.50 usd ebook


 
 	oathkeeper 
by christopher g. nuttall



six years ago, emily made a promise to the unseelie court. now, that promise has been called in. the unseelie want her to travel into the blighted lands, the land of the necromancers,
and carry out a mission for them. and if she refuses, she'll die.

she has no choice. she must travel into the very heart of darkness itself ...

... and the enemy knows she's coming.

    chapter excerpt

format: epub, kindle/mobi, pdf, html
    payment method
paypal
-or- credit card -or- check
list price: $6.50 ebook




 
 	the legend of mary death 
by loren k. jones



when the gods give you something, use it. marydyth shalina forlan zel'karyn was gifted with remarkable speed and reflexes, which she turned into sword skill few could match. wielding the dragon blood sword, sang del dracl, marydyth made a name for herself with the army of coravia. but it was a name she wasn't happy with - mary death.

    chapter excerpt

format: epub, kindle/mobi, pdf, html
    payment method
paypal
-or- credit card -or- check
list price: $6.50 ebook


 
 	under strange suns 
by ken lizzi



in the tradition of edgar rice burroughs' john carter of mars, under strange suns brings the sword-and-planet novel to the twenty-first century. war is a constant, 
and marooned on a distant world, former special forces soldier aidan carson learns there is nothing new under strange suns.

    chapter excerpt

format: epub, kindle/mobi, pdf, html
    payment method
paypal
-or- credit card -or- check
list price: $6.50 ebook








                           new release!



~ * ~
the apprentice mistressby christopher g. nuttall





                                                  browse by 








author
ebook title
print book title
catalogue









                                                    genres





fiction         
                                                                                                                                               
    fantasy    

    historical    
                                               
    literary 
                                                                        
    magic realism 
                                                                        
    mainstream 
                                                                        
    new age 

    science fiction 

    ya fantasy 
non-fiction 
humor 









 faqs







catalogfront listback list(click to download pdf files)







                                                       ebook  
			distributors


amazon kindle

    apple ibookstore

    barnes & noble digital
                                                                       
    kobo books
                                                                        
        overdrive


                                                       social  
			networks

facebook  [authors' page]
facebook  [company page]
goodreads
library thing
twitter.com















                    >>    home  
|  ezine   | faqs    | news         |    order info   |  site map 










established january 1999
	copyright © 1999, 2000 - 2025. lida e. quillen.
               all rights reserved.
                              website designed and maintained by lida e. quillen.
    
                              twilight times books logo by joni.

                              this page last updated 02-14-2025.









 

 


tt books is a member of




 







