




geology and earth science news, articles, photos, maps and more




















geology.comnewsrocksmineralsgemstonesvolcanoesmore topicsus mapsworld mapstore


homepagearticlesdiamondsearthquakesgemstonesgeneral geologygeologic hazardsgoldlandslidesmetalsmeteorites

mineralsnewsoil and gasplate tectonicsrockssatellite imagesstoreu.s. mapsvolcanoesworld map


advertising


categories
diamondsearthquakesfossilsgemstonesgeneral geologygeologic hazardsgeology dictionarygeology newsgeology.com storegoldlandslidesmetalsmeteoritesmineralsoil and gasplate tectonicsrocksrock tumblerssatellite imagesteacher resourcesu.s.a. mapsvolcanoesworld mapworld records
map collections
africa mapsantarctica maparctic mapasia mapsaustralia mapcanada mapscaribbean mapscentral america mapseurope mapsnorth america mapssouth america mapsunited states mapsworld maps
advertising





geology and earth science news and information

categories


diamonds
earthquakes
fossils
gemstones

general geology
geologic hazards
gold
landslides

metals
meteorites
minerals
oil and gas

plate tectonics
rocks
satellite images
teacher resources

u.s. maps
volcanoes
world maps
world records



american gemstonesmined in america  - small mines in the united states produce a diversity of beautiful gemstones.
canadian diamondscanadian diamond mines produce some of the largest and highest quality diamonds!
don*t go to jailknow the rules before removing rocks, fossils or minerals from public or  private property.
hawaiian hot spothow did the hawaiian islands form? the power of a moving plate over a stationary hot spot.
delorme atlastopo maps - the delorme atlas is an entire state of topo maps in one convenient book.
ilmeniteilmenite - the primary ore of titanium and source of most titanium dioxide.
mineralsminerals - descriptions, photos, articles, properties and uses for common minerals.
largest diamondsworld*s largest diamonds records for the largest rough, faceted and carbonado diamond.
the acid testthe acid test - geologists use dilute hydrochloric acid to identify carbonate minerals.
lapis lazulilapis lazuli - a metamorphic rock and the most popular blue opaque gemstone in history.
teacher resourcesteacher resources - k-12 resources for teaching about earth science.
rhyoliterhyolite an extrusive igneous rock with a high silica content, produced from granitic magma.
cave of the handscave of the hands is a cave where ancient people painted hands about 9000 years ago.
chalcopyritechalcopyrite - the most important ore of copper for over five thousand years.
lab-grown diamondslab-grown diamonds? what are they? can people really make diamonds? are they real?
geology newsgeology news including: earth science, mining, gemology, maps, metals, archaeology, and more.
gemstonesgemstones - colorful images and articles about diamonds and colored stones.
rare earth elementsrare earths - special materials used in electronics, defense, medical & many other products.
what is a maar?what is a maar? the second most common volcanic landscape feature on earth.
grape agategrape agate is a popular mineral specimen with the color and the shape of a bunch of grapes.
fire opalfire opal is a transparent to translucent opal with a yellow, orange or red background color.
rock artrock art - people have been marking on rocks for thousands of years.
fossilsfossils are remains, traces or imprints of ancient life.  they reveal earth's biological history.
earthquake mapscalifornia earthquake maps - a collection of isoseismal maps for earthquakes in california.
quartzitequartzite is metamorphic rock formed when sandstone is subjected to heat and pressure.
tallest waterfallangel falls  in venezuela is the tallest waterfall in the world - it is 3212 feet tall.
google earth - freefree google earth software allows you to browse seamless world satellite images.  free.
san andreas faultwhat is the san andreas fault? map, photos and description of the fault. 
darvaza gas craterthe doorway to hell is a flaming sinkhole seeping natural gas that has been burning for decades.
e.t. volcanoessolar system volcanoes - earth is not the only location of volcanic activity.
map of the oceansmap of the oceans  - showing the atlantic, pacific, indian, arctic, and southern oceans.
types of eruptionstypes of volcanic eruptions - a description of the most common eruption types.
gifts that rockgifts that rock  - what are the most popular gift items in the geology.com store?
the brewery rock ?the rock used to make beer - geologists are beer experts and should know about this rock.
ruby and sapphireruby and sapphire are the 2nd and 3rd most popular colored stones in the united states.
uses of talctalc is a soft mineral used in cosmetics, paper, paint, ceramics and many other products.
colored diamondscolored diamonds are diamonds with a noticeable body color.  they can sell for over $1m/carat.
rocks on marsrocks on mars many of the rocks found on mars are not very different from earth rocks.
rocksrocks - galleries of igneous, sedimentary and metamorphic rock photos with descriptions.
spinel13 gemmy facts about spinel - is spinel the world*s most overlooked gem?
zirconzircon is the primary ore of zirconium and a gemstone that is available in many colors.
green river fossilsthe green river formation is one of the most famous rock units in the world for its fossils.
tourmalinetourmaline - an extremely colorful mineral and gem material.
blue flamesblue flames and the largest highly acidic lake in the world at kawah ijen volcano.
record lightningworld record lightning - this lake has more lightning than any other place in the world.
gem silicagem silica is a blue chalcedony colored by copper.  it is the rarest and most valuable chalcedony.
mars meteoritesmars meteorites mars rovers have found dozens of meteorites while exploring   the red planet.  
tallest tsunamitallest tsunami - a wave with a run-up height of 1720 feet occurred in lituya bay, alaska.
largest hurricaneslargest hurricanes are they determined by wind speed, value of damage, most deaths?
mount vesuviusmount vesuvius - geology, history, maps, facts and more about the vesuvius eruptions.
mineral hardnessmohs hardness scale is a set of reference minerals used for classroom hardness testing.
sand photo collectionsand from around the world . a photo gallery showing the diversity of the material we call "sand".
hematitehematite - the most important ore of iron.  a source of mineral pigment since prehistory.
great rift valleythe east africa rift system - the extensive fault system that is tearing africa apart.
opalspictures of opal - a collection of different types of opal from all around the world and mars too!
100+ gemstones100+ gems - photos of over 100 beautiful gems ranging from the popular to the obscure. 
corundumcorundum is the third hardest mineral.  it is also the mineral of ruby and sapphire.
birthstonesbirthstones are gems assigned to the month of a person*s birth. they are popular gifts in the u.s.
great lakesgreat lakes : map of the great lakes with surrounding states and provinces.
plate tectonicsteaching plate tectonics with easy-to-draw illustrations is fun and effective.
what is earth science?what is earth science? the study of earth and its neighbors in space. learn more!
types of mapstypes of maps  - explore some of the most popular types of maps that have been made.
storm surgestorm surge can be the most damaging and deadly aspect of a hurricane.
cinder conescinder cones  are the smallest, simplest, and most common type of volcano.
wall mapswall maps - wall maps of the world, continents, states and the usa.
fool*s goldfool*s gold is a name used for pyrite when its brassy color fools people looking for gold.
us diamond minesus diamond mines - did you know that diamonds have been mined in the united states?
mineraloidsmineraloids are amorphous naturally-occurring inorganic solids that lack crystallinity.
strawberry quartzstrawberry quartz is a red to pink quartz with inclusions that look like strawberry seeds.
what is geology?what is geology? the study of earth materials, structures, processes and life over time.
obsidianobsidian - the volcanic rock that cools so quickly that it becomes a  natural glass.
ant hill garnetsant hill garnets - tiny gems that ants haul to the surface and discard on their anthill. honest!
cinnabarcinnabar - the only important ore of mercury.  used in pigments until its toxicity was realized.
labradoritelabradorite is a feldspar mineral that sometimes exhibits an iridescent play-of-color. 
rock and mineral kitsrock & mineral kits the best way to learn about rocks and minerals is with specimens!
petrified woodpetrified wood is a fossil that forms when silica replaces and infills the cavities of wood.
crater of diamondscrater of diamonds - the only diamond mine in the world where you can be the miner.
crystal habitcrystal habit is the external shape displayed by a crystal or an aggregate of crystals.
hurricane nameshow are hurricanes named? there is a plan for naming tropical storms.  
lightning strikes maplightning strikes map by nasa shows the worldwide distribution of lightning activity.
what is a geyser?what is a geyser? photos and information about geysers in many parts of the world.
june 6th 1912novarupta - the most powerful volcanic eruption of the 20th century occurred in the u.s.a.
what is the moho?what is the moho? the mohorovicic discontinuity is the mantle/crust boundary.
shaleshale - the rock that has quickly transformed the oil and gas industry. 
ethiopian opalethiopian opal - the new opal heavyweight that might give australia a run.
diamondsdiamonds - learn about the properties of diamond, its many uses, and diamond discoveries.
soapstonesoapstone is a metamorphic rock with properties that make it suitable for a variety of projects.
gold pansgold pans and panning kits - classifiers, snuffer bottles. learn how to pan for gold.
hardness pickshardness picks - test for hardness with precise and easy-to-use hardness picks.
rock tumblersrock tumblers - all about rock tumblers and rock tumbling. read before you buy a tumbler.
olivineolivine - abundant in earth*s mantle. a constituent of meteorites. the gem peridot.
geology booksgeology books - a variety of books for reference, field trips, reading and more.
granitegranite - the intrusive igneous rock that underlies continents and countertops.
misconceptiondiamond misconception - many people think that diamonds form from coal. not true!
herkimer diamondsherkimer diamonds doubly-terminated quartz crystals used as specimens and gems.
greatest ocean depthdeepest point in the ocean the deepest point in the ocean is in the mariana trench.
bear maprange of bear species - where you might encounter different types of bears.
geodesgeodes look like ordinary rocks on the outside but can be spectacular inside!
gems from spaceextraterrestrial gems - a number of materials from space are used as attractive gems.
plate tectonicsplate tectonics - articles and maps about plate tectonics and the interior of earth.
bear attacksbear attacks - knowing how to react to a bear encounter or attack could save your life.
turquoiseturquoise - a bluish-green gem material that has been used for over 6000 years.
rock saltrock salt is a sedimentary rock composed of the mineral halite.  it has many uses!
emeraldemerald is the most popular green gemstone in the united states and most of the world.
fluorescent mineralsfluorescent minerals and rocks glow with spectacular colors under ultraviolet light.
uses of goldthe many uses of gold - unique properties make gold one of the most useful metals.
the british islesnames used for great britain, british isles, united kingdom, and ireland.  what they mean.
chalkchalk is a variety of limestone formed from fine-grained marine sediment known as ooze.
geology toolsgeology tools  - rock hammers, field bags, hand lenses, maps, hardness picks, gold pans.
tanzanitetanzanite was unknown until a few decades ago but it has erupted into wide popularity.
andalusiteandalusite is a metamorphic mineral and a strongly pleochroic gem material.
meteoritesmeteorites  - rocks that were once parts of planets or large asteroids.
field coursesfield courses  - over 80 field courses for undergraduate geology students.
largest earthquakelargest earthquake ever recorded - magnitude 9.5. chile, 1960.
volcanoesvolcanoes - articles about volcanoes, volcanic hazards and eruptions past and present.
watch out for ticks!ticks are a problem for geologists in some areas. learn to recognize and avoid them.
rhodochrositerhodochrosite - a manganese mineral used as an ore, a pink gem and an ornamental stone.
largest volcanoeslargest volcano - that title is shared by tamu massif, mauna kea and ojos del salado.
sliding rockssliding rocks mystery - what causes these rocks to slide across a playa in death valley?
coal close upcoal through a microscope - coal is more than a black rock. it is the most interesting rock.
tallest mountaintallest mountain - everest has rivals in tallness, altitude and distance to the center of earth.
underwater volcanohawaii*s next island could be growing in the pacific ocean right now.  its name is lo*ihi.
mineral lusterwhat is luster? luster is the light-reflecting characteristics of a mineral specimen.
 



© 2005-2025 geology.com. all rights reserved.
images, code, and content on this website are property of geology.com and are protected by copyright law. 
geology.com does not grant permission for any use, republication, or redistribution.








