

 

soraida, artist/designer. soraida's comtemporary verdadism paintings.soraida martinez is a famous hispanic painter creator of verdadism, truth and art. modern artists soraida martinez. latina speaker. artist talk, paintings and commentaries on truth for social change. verdadism/truth. creator of the artstyle in 1992. latina artist, soraida martinez, the creator of verdadism

















 
 
verdadism
paintings 
              on speaking truth ,juxtaposed with written social commentaries since 1992



soraida.com 
soraida the creator of verdadism, puerto rican artist, latina feminist painter, soraida martinez is a fine artist and designer who is known since 1992 as the creator of the art style verdadism- empowerment with truth in life and art . studio/office 856-346-3131 or email: soraida: the 
            creator of verdadism art style













speaking to the labeled kids 1995 





please stop calling us minorities! we all know that's unfair label with negative connotations 1994 





what prejudice looks like 1993 





puerto rican stereotype: the way you see me without looking at me 1992 


 


latinos have power and most of us don't know          it...a 1996 painting.immigration latinos
a 2001 verdadism painting on vieques. puerto rico




verdadism
                  sculpture on the importance of an education and tolerance. for
                  more information, please click on the sculpture. 









notice: all artwork 
              and commentaries/concepts are copyright protected from 1992 to 2024 verdadism paintings and commentaries/concepts of the verdadism art 
              style are not to be reproduced or copy in any way whatsoever without 
        the written consent of the artist. 





soraida in the verdadism gallery 2024
a 1994 pbs show on my verdadism art  . two year after creating the verdadism movement.
               
 

verdadism. the many faces of stereotypes exhibition in 2009 at the art verdadism gallery
verdadism fine art prints for sale
exhibition and artist talk on tolerance
verdadism 
                art gallery
direction to the verdadism gallery


artist studio: 856-346-3131
email us




copyright /verdadism paintings and commentaries ©1992-2025




 

 
  soraida's verdadism paintings are always accompanied by a written social commentary 
          based on soraida's personal life experiences and observations on american 
          society. paintings on racism, sexism, identity and self empowerment with truth. verdadism was created 32 years ago  to raise awareness on social issues. soraida envisioned what is happening today in america, 2025.
 
”verdadism means to empower yourself with your own truth and to go for it." 
the primary purpose behind the paintings of verdadism is to precipitate social change, to promote an understanding of humanity and to teach tolerance and the self-empowerment of the individual. in verdadism, the intent of the artist is to make a personal connection with the viewer through the act of involving the viewer in an actual experience in the artist's life. the viewer is encouraged to acknowledge the universality of human nature and the artist invites the viewer to open their mind to the concept that we are all human beings with shared common experiences.
   wikipedia article on soraida
10 of the best latino artists in the u.s. huffington post in 2013
 



verdadism 
                  art gallery




exhibition. at the verdadism art gallery december 2024
verdadism  fine art prints for sale

credentials/ art career history since 1981
exhibitions/events calendar
artist's statement
definition of verdadism
price list 
purchase a verdadism art book
verdadism sculpture 
verdadism newsletter
read soraida's email letters
soraida's links 
verdadism gift shop 

artist, soraida
by appointment only, please call 
856-346-3131
220 berlin road, south, lindenwold, new jersey 
              08021  usa









 
 














