




authentic pilates and wellness studio in frederick / hagerstown md / my pilates place
























12911 bikle road, smithsburg md 21783  301-991-6363  



pilates

about

gallery

rates

news

contact




















 
 




 "welcome to 
 your solution for healthy living"
 my pilates place is a pilates and wellness studio located in smithsburg maryland. we offer harmony and balance for people of all ages and physical conditions. regardless of your current level of fitness-from sedentary office worker to fitness enthusiast or professional-we can be your primary mode of body conditioning and injury prevention.

 
 










we are:

balance and relaxation from the time you arrive, until the time you leave
harmony and friendship for people with a common goal
excellent mode of body conditioning weather you're a fitness guru or in an office all day
a healthy lifestyle for any fitness level and any age group


 
 


pilates: effective stress therapy
here at my pilates place, it is our mission to create an environment of creativity and harmony where our community can have options and support for healthy living.

romanas pilates method (pronounced puh-lah-teez) of body conditioning was developed through the 1920's by joseph pilates, the legendary physical trainer and founder of "contrology". the pilates method is an exercise system focused on improving flexibility, strength and control for the total body without building bulk.
the influences of eastern disciplines such as kung fu led joseph pilates to develop exercises that not only provide a safe and effective workout, but also contain stimulation through acupressure points to every organ in the body. this develops an energy throughout the entire physical system. he combined the art of control with centering and the release of movement through aerobic, strength and flexible concentrations.
pilates re-educates and realigns, tones and balances the body. it develops coordination, thus improving posture, eliminating stress and tension. pilates every day for 45 minutes covers everything that you need for healthy fitness, whether you are a high level performing athlete or someone interested in just taking more responsibility for your personal fitness and health care.
"it is the mind itself which builds the body", joseph pilates would quote schiller a famous german poet as saying.
as pilates has become one of the fastest growing fitness activities in the country, some 9.5 million people participated in pilates in 2003, up from 2.4 million in 2001. the quality of the instruction has been compromised.
 here at my pilates place we will teach you the correct and most efficient techniques to maximize results, and have fun doing it!


pilates sessions schedule





testimonials

"after cancer you and pilates have given me back my body."  
		-liz
		
"i feel an 80% difference in my volleyball game. i'm more in balance and have more control over my body. i recover faster after a game as well." 
		-michelle (u. of colorado volleyball team)
		
"i still have a long way to go but i feel better. i have more flexibility and stand taller. people notice the posture improvement even when they aren't quite sure what they've noticed." 
		-doris
		









top









©2016-2025 my pilates place. all rights reserved.
home / privacy policy / site map
website design by sprout creatives















