








poker royalty | the world's leading poker player agency





























































home
clients

daniel negreanu
phil hellmuth
doyle brunson
brian rast
daniel weinman
jason koon
patrik antonius
david williams
scotty nguyen
antonio esfandiari
josh arieh
jeremy becker
matt gothard – casino king


sponsors
events
contact
 


select page


  
 
 










poker royalty

representing the kings and queens of poker





clientspoker royalty represents the most influential poker players who shape the game.
learn more



sponsorswe connect talent and brands to create a wide range of marketing opportunities.
learn more



eventswe coordinate live poker events, corporate hospitality, and brand activation.
learn more







poker royalty

representing the kings and queens of poker





clientspoker royalty represents the most influential players who shape the game.
learn more



sponsorswe connect talent and brands to create a wide range of marketing opportunities.
learn more



eventswe coordinate live events, corporate hospitality, and brand activation.
learn more







we create unique opportunities and activations with the people, properties and platforms that shape the poker industry.

we work with the movers and shakers in poker to develop unprecedented opportunities for our clients.









our clients





































































about poker royalty

as the poker industry exploded in the early 2000s, poker royalty recognized a unique market opportunity – there were few ways for poker personalities to monetize their brands via sponsorships. applying business principles learned over years as sports agents, poker royalty was founded in 2003 and has been signing deals for the biggest poker stars in the world ever since!
poker royalty has been a driving force in making poker players household names and their work has been recognized by leading gaming publications where poker royalty routinely ranked in the top 10 in the annual “power poker 20” rankings, a list that identified the most influential people and entities that are important in shaping the business and direction for poker.















player management
we manage the most influential poker players who shape the game and our clients appear throughout the world for speaking engagements, events and appearances.




$









brand partnerships
our clients have partnered with some of the biggest brands in the world for social, digital and endorsement campaigns.




$









events & hospitality
with extensive experience in event planning, event ideation and execution, poker royalty has successfully created and launched several unique poker events featuring your favorite poker players. 




$










ready to work with us?

contact us











navigate
• home• clients• sponsors• events• contact



poker royalty
10789 w. twain ave suite #200las vegas, nv 89135702.868.9003megan@pokerroyalty.com



connect with us




 








©2020 poker royalty. all rights reserved. privacy policy. website by mngr 





please ensure javascript is enabled for purposes of website accessibility





