


































































elko daily free press | breaking news | | read elko, nv and nevada breaking news. get latest news, events and information on nevada sports, weather, entertainment and lifestyles.





















skip to main contentskip to main content










        we are currently undergoing maintenance on some services, which may temporarily affect access to subscription accounts and the e-edition. we apologize for any inconvenience and appreciate your patience as we work to resolve the issues.
    

















32°











 log in
                                    
subscribe






guest


logout

read today's e-edition





























news


local



state



crime



mining



politics



nation & world



business



news tip




obituaries


share a story



recent obituaries



find an obituary



archives




opinion


submit a letter



letters



editorial



guest/columnists




sports


high school sports



college



professional



betting




lifestyles


event calendar



movies & tv



music



games & puzzles



contests



comics



play



outdoors



faith & values



people



announcements



food & cooking



home & garden



health



get healthy



pets




mining


mining the west




join a community


news tip



share video



send a story



share a photo



brand ave. studios


wildfires




print edition


e-edition



e-edition archives



special sections



magazines




buy & sell


place an ad



jobs



elko motor co.



marketplace



shop local



public notices




shopping


curated commerce




customer service


manage subscription



activate digital subscription



newsletter sign up



subscribe



contact us



help center



gift subscriptions


mobile apps


weather: live radar 


magazines






facebook





twitter





linkedin





instagram








© 2025 lee enterprises
terms of service | privacy policy






















































































subscribe
read today's e-edition




























                                        subscribe
                                    




























                                                    log in
                                                








welcome, guest

my account
 dashboard
 profile
 saved items

 logout







e-edition

news

obituaries

opinion

sports

mining

puzzles

lifestyles

public notices

jobs

wildfires

elko motor








32°
snow
























        
        
            court strikes down parts of law compelling elko county to send property tax to schools

nevada district court sides with elko county in its lawsuit against portions of a bill that required it to contribute to school construction or upgrades.

















        
        
            advocating for veterans

elko—nevada state and national women’s veteran advocate marlene marks is involved with many local projects to help and honor those who served. 

















        
        
            revised study shows cove project’s potential

a new preliminary economic assessment for i-80 gold’s cove project southwest of battle mountain says the mine is expected to produce around 100,000 ounces of gold annually.

















        
        
            coeur completes acquisition of silvercrest

coeur mining, owner of the rochester mine south of winnemucca, has added the las chispas mine in mexico into its portfolio with the acquisition of silvercrest metals.

















        
        
            hecla reports profit in quarter and all of 2024

hecla mining co. reported net income for the fourth quarter of nearly $11.79 million, or 2 cents per share, on higher silver and gold revenue because of higher precious metal prices. the company announced silver production in the quarter of a little more than 3.87 million ounces and gold pro…

















        
        
            bulldogs bruise jaguars on glass, scoreboard

no. 5 jackpot’s season came to an end thursday with an 82-63 loss to no. 4 mcdermitt.

















        
        
            first majestic issues production guidance for 2025

as first majestic silver continues exploration at the jerritt canyon mine north of elko, the company expects to see increased production from its mines in mexico following the acquisition of gatos silver in january.










            curated commerce
        
6 cbd oils to try for relaxation





                
                recommended for you




















        
        
            court strikes down parts of law compelling elko county to send property tax to schools


















        
        
            felony and gross misdemeanor arrests from feb. 3 to feb. 9


















        
        
            advocating for veterans















                
                the latest



















        
        
            elko neighbors: obituaries for february 16

read through the obituaries published in elko daily free press 





















        
        
            elko neighbors: obituaries for february 15

read through the obituaries published in elko daily free press 





















        
        
            elko speaks up: recently published letters to the editor

our round-up of letters published in the elko daily free press 





















        
        
            february 13 recap: elko news you may have missed today

thursday's news: what you missed while you were at work. 












                
                interact with us


















        
        
            download our mobile app for a customized experience!

download it today! 




















        
        
            get the most important news in your inbox as it happens. sign up for breaking news:

get it delivered to your inbox! 




















        
        
            explore local history with our digital newspaper archives!

visit our online archives for thousands of historical articles, obituaries and announcements. 




















        
        
            read the e-edition now – the digital replica of the newspaper!

updated every day! 





















                
                latest video




















        
        
            germany's scholz rebukes vance, defends europe's stance on hate speech and far right




















        
        
            vance berates european allies over free speech at munich security summit




















        
        
            the day after: 'robust post-war reintegration plan critical for sustainable free democratic ukraine'




















        
        
            doge website lacks detailed records despite musk’s 'maximally transparent' promise












                
                sports
                
                    


















        
        
            lady indians fall by 26, 17

on friday, the lady indians were beaten by 26 points in a 58-32 loss to fallon. elko’s fortunes did not change on saturday, either, allowing fewer points but also scoring less in a 45-28 defeat to lowry.




















        
        
            lady leopards sweep lady railroaders

both teams struggled to mount points, but the lady leopards swept the season series with a seven-point win.





















        
        
            carlin at wells boys basketball

photos from the carlin at wells boys basketball game on jan. 25, 2025, in wells 




















        
        
            leopards sweep railroaders with 24-0 run

the railroaders cut the deficit to three late in the third quarter — making the score 24-21 — but wells junior joe dahl energized the gym and his team with a buzzer-beating heave from long distance to make the score 27-21 as the game went to the fourth. dahl’s triple kick-started a 24-0 explosion, as wells opened a 48-21 advantage and went on to win 50-24.













                
                listen now podcasts




















        
        
            tariffs rattle small businesses, an atmospheric river and religion news | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            drone damages chernobyl nuclear plant; egg prices hit record high | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            hamas to release 3 israeli hostages; musk talks deleting agencies | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            how can you reclaim focus in a digital world? | the ethical life podcast

🎧 explore ways to sharpen your attention, stay present and build better habits for a more mindful, productive life.














                
                life & entertainment
                
                    


















        
        
            winter sowing in upcycled containers creates stronger seedlings in spring

many people start seeds indoors in late winter to have seedlings ready to plant in spring. but what about starting them outdoors, despite the cold?




















        
        
            movie review: 'heart eyes' tries for laughs but ...

franchise first, concept second. that’s the thinking behind “heart eyes.”




















        
        
            goodyear blimp at 100: from ronald reagan to ice cube, 'floating piece of americana' still thriving

at 100 years old, the goodyear blimp is an ageless star in the sky. 

















                
                local events
                
            









 your browser settings are preventing events from loading. more info






×
 update settings to continue…


please try the following steps to enable.


open firefox settings → privacy & security → website privacy preferences
make sure "tell websites not to sell or share my data" is not checked.
make sure "send websites a do not track request" is not checked.




open chrome settings → privacy & security → third-party cookies
under advanced, make sure "do not track " is disabled.




open edge settings → privacy, search, and services
under privacy, make sure "send do not track" requests is not enabled
open cookies and site permissions → manage and delete cookies and site data
make sure "block third-party cookies" is not enabled




open your browser settings and make sure "do not track " is disabled.




                                open your cookie preferences.
make sure "targeted advertising" is toggled on.make sure "do not sell or share my personal information" is toggled off.click save











                
                partner
                
            









sponsored








        
        
            powerhouse partnership: big auto injury attorneys, the popok firm and ‘legal af’ podcast by meidastouch network unite for justice

content by big auto injury attorneys. learn more about meidastouch network’s “legal af” podcast's new partnership with big auto injury attorneys and the popok law firm.












contributor








        
        
            everything you need to know before installing a walk-in bath

contributor content. here’s everything you need to know before making an investment on the installation of a walk-in bath.












contributor








        
        
            a season of love: planning the perfect winter honeymoon

contributor content. create a winter wonderland for two, full of love, laughter, and everything you’ll need to make this honeymoon truly magical. this guide is here to help you plan a romantic getaway that’s both practical and fun, with a few delightful surprises sprinkled in along the way.




















        
        
            21 best colostrum supplements

affiliate content. discover the 21 best colostrum supplements, carefully selected to boost immunity, enhance gut health, and promote overall vitality.
















                
                curated commerce
                
                    


















        
        
            6 cbd oils to try for relaxation

affiliate content. find the right cbd oils to fit your wellness routine. 




















        
        
            best greens powders for 2025: a nutritionist’s top 5

affiliate. we asked a nutritionist to share their top 5 greens powder picks to boost your daily nutrient intake and support overall health.




















        
        
            auto insurance rates set to rise in 2025: how to save on premiums

affiliate content. learn practical ways to reduce your auto insurance premiums in 2025. 




















        
        
            ozempic vs. semaglutide: 10 weight loss medications compared for 2025

affiliate. compare 10 weight loss medications to find the right one for you. 





























                
                local businesses
                
                    



















        
        
            david d. loreman



                                        po box 250, elko, nv 89803
                                    






















        
        
            blue jeans 'n' boots 4-h club



                                        5444 flower dr, elko, nv 89801
                                    






















        
        
            target enterprises ltd



                                        16501 ventura blvdsuite 515, encino, ca 91436
                                    

































×
















facebook





twitter





linkedin





instagram









sites & partners


print edition online

mining the west

email alerts

contact us

real estate

online features

amplified digital agency

get healthy




services


customer service

activate

advertise

work here

photo submissions

dealer returns

licensing

advertising terms of use

shopping






                        © copyright 2025
                        elko daily free press, 3720 idaho st. elko, nv 89801
                    

terms of use
|
privacy policy
|
advertising terms of use
|
do not sell my info
|
cookie preferences




                        powered by blox content management system from bloxdigital.com.
                    












notifications
settings






you don't have any notifications.



get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.

topics

news alerts

subscribe






breaking news

subscribe

























