









new bright radio and remote control toy vehicles.














































 

 

 

 

 




 




 
 new bright industrial co.

 







products




stunt





forza





cars





trucks





atv / buggy






1:5 [4xl]




1:8 [3xl]




1:10 - 1:12 [xxl]




1:14 - 1:15 [xl]




1:16 - 1:18 [l]




1:24 [m]




1:43 [s]




1:64 [xs]





company

company profile
privacy policy
mobile applications privacy policy
terms and conditions


support

warranty
radio control faq
train set faq
rc 710 kobra faq
user instructions
eu required transmitter/receiver (tx/rx) documentation


contact
gamepass promo
 









 















 




new bright is the world’s leading supplier of radio and remote control toy vehicles.
we design and produce toys for children, young and old!






categories



 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 




licensing partners





 ford trademarks and trade dress used under license to new bright industrial co., ltd.


 “bigfoot”® and “snake bite”® are registered trademarks of bigfoot 4x4, inc., 2286 rose lane, pacific, mo 63069 usa bigfoot4x4.com © 2020 all rights reserved.


 ram and related logos, vehicle model names and trade dress are trademarks of fca us llc and used under license by new bright industrial co., ltd. ©2020 fca us llc.



 dodge and related logos, vehicle model names and trade dress are trademarks of fca us llc and used under license by new bright industrial co., ltd. ©2020 fca us llc.


 general motors trademarks used under license to new bright industrial co., ltd.


 jeep, the jeep grille and related logos, vehicle model names and trade dress are trademarks of fca us llc and used under license by new bright industrial co., ltd. ©2020 fca us llc.



 mopar


 official licensed product of polaris inc. all rights reserved.
polaris and the star design are trademarks of polaris inc.


 vaughn gittin jr livery used under license to new bright industrial co., ltd.


 chevrolet, corvette, the cross flags emblem, all related emblems, and the related vehicle body designs are general motors trademarks used under license to new bright industrial co., ltd.


 chevrolet, the bowtie emblem,  the related vehicle body designs and logos are general motors trademarks used under license to new bright industrial co., ltd.


 mossy oak


 outerlimits trademarks used under license to new bright industrial co., ltd.


 © 2021 microsoft corporation. all rights reserved. microsoft, forza motorsport, forza horizon and the forza motorsport logo are trademarks of the microsoft group of companies.


 raminator and rammunition, and the hall brothers racing logo are used with permission of hall brothers racing, inc.


 centurion boats logo and trade dress are properties of fineline industries, llc and are used under license to new bright industrial co., ltd.


 nitto tire u.s.a. inc. trademarks and/or other intellectual property rights are used under license.


 the marks appearing on this website including, but not limited to: (i) gm and the gm logo; (ii) chevrolet, buick, cadillac, gmc and their respective logos, emblems, slogans and vehicle model names and body designs; and (iii) other marks such as acdelco and onstar are trademarks and/or service marks of gm, its subsidiaries, affiliates or licensors. 


 the bugatti logo and bugatti wordmark are trademarks of bugatti international s.a. and are used under license.


 trademark. bobcat®, the bobcat logo and the colors of the bobcat machine are registered trademarks of bobcat company in the united states and various other countries. use of the registered trademark is limited to bobcat company and authorized bobcat equipment dealers.


 nissan motor co., ltd. trademarks, designs, copyrights and/or intellectual property rights are used under license.


 the vaughn gittin jr. name, logos and likeness are used with permission under license to new bright industrial co., ltd.















 

 

 

 

 




new bright industrial co., ltd. is a privately owned enterprise founded in 1955. with our expertise in injection molding, tooling, mechanical design, precision engineering parts design, and miniature motor manufacture, we've become one of the leading toy companies recognized globally.
© 2025 new bright industrial co.. all rights reserved.
site developed by
                    perfect afternoon















