




4barsrest.com
























































skip to main content


toggle navigation





  


news

features 

articles
reviews
editorial
comments
vision (videos)



classifieds 

positions vacant
contest and concerts
professional cards

  log in (classified accounts)
  join classifieds
  join professional cards


contest archive
rankings

more 

contest archive
rankings




















  
		    
		    
              
		    	
		    
		 















advertisement












live...
2025 norwegian nationals
grieghallen, bergen
		7-8 february
 live comments...





latest news »




4br review podcast: episode 2february 17the second episode is now out with at look at what has been, and what is going on in the banding world.


transitions and dualities to test european contendersfebruary 19 • ebba has released further details of the works by norwegian composers fredrick schjelderup and ingebjorg vilhelmsen that will face the bands in the championship and challenge sections in stavanger.
ebba provide details of euro youth championship test-piecesfebruary 19 • works inspired by the nordic landscape and activities will challenge the competitors at the european youth championships in stavanger.
results: 2025 french national championshipsfebruary 17 • haut-de-france claims a fifth consecutive french national title in metz, with section wins for brass band de gones, brass band musicalis algrange, brass band lorient bretagne sud and brass band brassaventure.
report & results: 2025 nembba contestfebruary 17 • pre-regional boosts for marsden, lindley, barnsley brass, rode hall silver and matlock as long eaton's youngsters also enjoy their spotlight moment.



results: 2025 unibrass championshipsfebruary 16 • the students of university of birmingham and universities of sheffield & sheffield hallam claim the unibrass trophy and shield honours in cardiff
report & result: 2025 welsh open entertainment championshipfebruary 16 • ebbw valley are crowned hat-trick of winners in newport.
rncm international brass band festival concerts to enjoy on wobplayfebruary 15 • the concerts from foden's, athena brass and tredegar can now be enjoyed in full on the wobplay media planform.
death of angela westacottfebruary 15 • the welsh brass banding community will share in their support of the family and friends of tylorstown player angela westacott at the welsh open contest in newport.



4barsrest.shop
odyssey debut flugelhornâ£449.00odyssey debut cornetâ£359.00odyssey premiere tenor hornâ£849.00odyssey symphonique bb trumpetâ£849.00odyssey premiere bb pocket trumpetâ£429.00 




advertisement







watch »




interview with dr david thorntonfebruary 4 • 4br editor iwan fox talks to rncm international brass band festival artistic director dr david thornton at the end of the 2024 event in manchester.
interview with james gourlay and emily nicolasfebruary 3 • 4br editor iwan fox talks to conductor james gourlay and presenter emily nicolas after the performance of the rncm brass band at the recent rncm international brass band festival
interview with ian porthouse and matthias hofsjanuary 31 • 4br editor iwan fox talks to tredegar md ian porthouse and soloist matthias hofs at the rncm international brass band festival
interview with simone rebellojanuary 31 • 4br editor iwan fox talks to simone rebello about this weekend's rncm day of percussion


advertisement







articles »





2025 regional championships: test piece reviewsfebruary 18 • 4br editor iwan fox finds out more about the works from derek bourgeois, morley calvert, oliver waespi, jacob de haan and andrea price that will test national final qualification aspirations over the next few weeks.


wilfred heaton: his life - his music (part 2)february 17 • in the second extract from his critically acclaimed biography, paul hindmarsh charts wilfred heaton's musical apprenticeship.
the howarth legacy: 2025 rncm international brass band festivaljanuary 23 • whilst the banding movement says it owes elgar howarth a debt of gratitude, it is a good job the rncm festival has been run by people who actually shared his vision.
wilfred heaton: his life - his music (part 1)january 18 • in the first of a series of exclusive extracts from his much anticipated biography to be released at the rncm international brass band festival, author paul hindmarsh explores the early life of the enigmatic composer.




advertisement







reviews »

concert: rcm brass bandfebruary 15 • a renewed strengthening of the historical connections between between brass banding and the royal college of music is impressively embossed by the current crop of performing talent.
concert: brighouse & rastrick bandjanuary 31 • conductor david bremner imbues the west riding band and its performers with a fine sense of musical assuredness to close the rncm festival.
concert: cory bandjanuary 30 • cory draw on the real and the imagined for a substantive appearance at the rncm festival.



rankings »




#
band
points



1foden's1,265.59
2brass band treize etoiles1,202.20
3cory1,135.50
4flowers989.86
5black dyke861.38
6eikanger-bjørsvik750.86
7brighouse and rastrick652.77
8tredegar633.57
9valaisia brass band533.32
10brass band willebroek288.84





advertisement







what's on »

regent hall concerts - royal college of music sackbut ensemblefriday 21 february • regent hall (the salvation army). 275 oxford street. london w1c2djregent hall concerts - the band of the welsh guardsfriday 21 february • regent hall (the salvation army). 275 oxford street. london w1c2djnewstead brass - midlands championships preview eveningsunday 23 february • summit centre . kirkby in ashfield . nottinghamshire ng17 7llcontest: north west regional championshipssunday 23 february • winter gardens complex, church street, blackpool fy1 1huregent hall concerts - royal greenwich brass bandfriday 28 february • regent hall (the salvation army). 275 oxford street. london w1c2dj



vacancies »

boarshurst silver bandfebruary 17 • boarshurst silver band, nw championship section, requires a bbb player, flugel, and front row cornet player. under md jamie prophet, the band have an ambitious and varied calendar for 2025, including nw area, spring festival and whit friday.mid rhondda bandfebruary 14 • mid rhondda band are looking for the following players : front row cornet, solo trombone, eb bass, kit and tuned percussionists. the band will be competing in the 3rd section at the welsh area. contest  & concert engagements in the diary for 2025reading spring gardens brass bandfebruary 13 • reading band (current joint 1st place in the l&sc 4th section grading tables) needs a tenor horn for the regional contest in stevenage on 15th march! rehearsals in woodley (rg5) on thursday evenings with our md stephen bucknell.

professional cards »

julian bright conductor, compere/mc, cornet soloist 





   
		    
		    
              
		    	
	      
 © 2025 4barsrest.com ltd



contact us
privacy policy
cookie policy
copyright, security & terms




advertise
support us
shop with 4barsrest.shop



 back to top


 







