








	gem lake hills golf | 651-429-8715 | golf in white bear lake, mn


























































login

























book a tee time
play golf
rates & tee times
season passes
leagues
youth leagues
reward program
scorecard


golf outings
contact us




search button




button























 join a leagueplay more oftenhave more funplay competitively... or just for funjoin a league this year book a tee time onlinefind the right timefind the right priceinvite playing partnersearn rewardsbook your next round online




    relax, you're at  the gem! a casual golf course for all occasions and all comers   book a tee time or see rates.     















































































































































about gem lake hills public golf course
gem lake hills is a fun executive course located near white bear lake. "the gem" has two 9-hole courses. the par-3 course is nine, par 3's and makes for a challenge for all golfers to meet par. the "exec" is a par 30 with six par 3's and three par 4's.
gem lake hills defines executive golf by taking course conditions seriously while making the game fun and recreational. it is the perfect location for a quick 9 hole round, leagues, and casual outings with friends and family.









events at gem lake hills
we take fun seriously - when you come to the gem, we want you to worry about three things - show up, bring friends, have fun. we'll take care of the rest. the casual atmosphere, relaxing patio, and interesting golf course are perfect for your next reunion, fundraiser, or excuse to see old friends. an executive course is perfect for bringing together golfers of all levels - putting more emphasis on fun than par.




















      join our green bucks club earn $$ back on the golf you play, stay up-to-date on all the fun events at gem lake hills and be the first to know about specials and discounts. sign up!       join the green bucks club start earning rewards and get invited to fun events   

















about gem lake hills
gem lake hills defines executive golf by taking course conditions seriously while making the game fun and recreational. it is the perfect location for a quick 9 hole round, leagues, and casual outings with friends and family.









get in touch



 address: 4039 scheuneman rd, white bear lake, mn


 phone: (651) 429-8715


 email: info@gemlakehillsgolf.com



















































©
gem lake hills golf course
terms of use
privacy statement
















