




	big and tall clothing | kingsize menswear | big mens clothing 














































   


 customer service 1800 810 702 

 live chat



 





$ aud

$ hkd
$ nzd
$ usd
£ gbp
¥ jpy
€ eur







log inregister(0 items $0.00)










  products

garment care
terms and conditions of use
privacy and security
testimonials
 
brands
special buys
  store info 

locations / telephone
trading hours
special trading hours
about us
company details
store news
 
  returns 

return policies
how to return garments
exchange / return form
faulty goods
 
  shipping & payment 

freight policies
tracking orders
payment methods
international orders
postage costs
 
  sizing info 

tall guys guide to measurement
how to measure garments
how to measure yourself
imperial / metric conversion
suit sizing explained
polo shirt brand comparison
sport shirt brand comparison
tshirt brand comparison
business shirt brand comparison
 
  contact 

contact details
skype!
email
feedback / comments
faqs
 
gift cards
 


    












categories



new arrivals

sale clearance

shirts

business shirts

casual shirts

t-shirts

polo shirts



fleecy tops

shorts

trousers

jeans

jackets

suits

knitwear

swimwear

footwear

assorted garments

tall clothing



big mens basics

tall range

new tall arrivals

tall mens shirts

tall mens business shirts

tall mens casual shirts



tall tshirts

extra long trousers

tall dress trousers

tall casual trousers



extra long jeans

extra long trackpants

tall jackets

tall suits

tall sports coats

tall hoodies

tall knitwear



shirts casual & business

casual dress

short sleeve shirts

long sleeve shirts



business

long sleeve business

formal dinner

short sleeve business





tshirts & tank tops

plain tshirts

printed tshirts

long sleeve tshirts

singlets tank tops



polos

short sleeve polo

long sleeve polo

rugby shirt 



shorts

casual shorts

elastic waist shorts

fitted waist shorts



dress shorts

work shorts



accessories

activewear

belts

belts

braces



footwear

casual shoes

dress shoes

sandals & thongs

sport shoes

slippers



fleecy tops & hoodies

sweat tops

hoodie tops

sleeveless vests



jackets

casual jackets

leather jackets

rain wear

sleeveless jacket



jeans

fashion jeans

stretch jeans



knitwear

pullovers

cardigans

sleeveless vests



rainwear

sports coats

suits

suits

suit separates



swimwear

board shorts

rashie tops



sleepwear

socks

trackpants

trousers

dress trousers

casual trousers

track pants



underwear

workwear

brands

hugo boss

nautica

ben sherman

levi

daniel hechter

north 56

calvin klein

gaz man

casa moda

ansett

backbay

breakaway

bronco

brooksfield

boston

buckle

cipollini

city club

coast

dario beltran

dawgs

dickies

duke

espionage

gloweave

high country

hunt & holditch

jack and jones

jimmy stuart

jockey

kam

keen

koala

mustang

new balance

oliver

olukai

perrone

pilbara

raging bull

red point

rembrandt

skechers

slatters

trade winds

tradies

workland

the tie company

prime

boston

aussie

bob spears

cambridge

replika

maurio

bamboo

adventure line

atlas

freeworld

blue horizon

bamboozld

rossi

doc martin

vans

tradewinds

ferracini

















empty
























 
 
 

   
empty
 
























featured items










atlas linen blend elastic waist short$79.95













ben sherman 23' signature tip polo$89.95













duke james oxford s/s shirt $69.95




















 on sale 24/7 view clearance items  
 new stock just arrived  
 open sundays view locations  

subscribe to our newsletter    






                                                    australia's premiere big clothing specialist
                                                

welcome to kingsize big & tall australia & new zealand
 big men's clothing
                                                    
 big men's clothing online. no matter if you are located in new zealand, sydney, melbourne, perth, adelaide, hobart, brisbane and darwin or anywhere in between, kingsize big & tall can come direct to your door- online. many
            claim to be the premier big & tall online store however we still believe our range, price and selection have no peer in the southern hemisphere. kingsize big and tall are australia and new zealand’s leading specialist big mens clothing
            online store, carrying the largest selection of quality formal, casual and business wear in big and tall sizes.
we can deliver to any destination in australia or new zealand. kingsize big & tall have stores in brisbane, mt gravatt, chermside, strathpine, dandenong, perth, inglewood, cannington and joondalup. purchase big mens
            clothing from the comfort of your home in queensland, victoria, new south wales, south australia, northern territory, tasmania or anywhere in the world.
           
 read more 

an australian big men's clothing business and trusted online store. 
						when you are shopping for big size clothing or large size clothes, whether you’re buying extra large t-shirts            or extra long trousers, you need to know you are buying from a trusted company. kingsize commenced retail trading in 1972 and were the 1st big &
            tall store in the southern hemisphere to start an online store. kingsize big & tall stock international and top brand names. whether you purchase board shorts and
            t shirts or large size business shirts , you need to know that you have the ability to return goods that
              do not fit. kingsize big & tall have a money back guarantee, so you know you can buy with confidence. kingsize big & tall              deliver to new zealand on a regular basis. you can find all your big mens clothing needs online right here.
              

fast delivery for big men's clothes 
						kingsize big & tall use australian air express as our preferred freight solution. over the years they have proven themselves to be reliable couriers. you can use their online tracking system to see
              where your order is at anytime. orders to new zealand can be sent cheaply with full insurance. we use australia post for international and small orders to reduce the cost of postage.
              

secure payment system 
kingsize big & tall use the latest the latest 128-bit ssl (secure sockets layer) encryption technology. all payments are handled by dps              gateway systems. you may also pay online by direct deposit our banking details and information on how to do this can be found at our checkout.
              

international delivery of big men's clothing
kingsize big & tall deliver big mens clothes
              regularly to new zealand and pacific rim countries like fiji, vanuatu and our near northern neighbors singapore, china and japan. many ex patriots order online from europe, asia, the middle east and america because they know and trust our
              brands. many international brand names are available online.
              

better information online
kingsize big & tall were the 1st to develop a unique size chart system that provides the individual brand chest measurements.
              along with the garments measurements, you can click a further information tab that allows you to assess the brand you intend to buy with other brands you
              may have purchased before.
              

better personal service.
we have introduced skype as a way of better communicating online with our customers. we can show you new big mens clothing              styles that have just arrived, like contemporary big business shirts or a colour selection of extra long ties .
              kingsize big and tall offer a mail order service. we also have a toll free number (1800 810 702) for those clients outside of the metro area. you can place telephone orders with any of our experienced staff.
              

latest big size fashions.
plus size fashion does not have to be conservative. find the lastest and best international labels and brands right here. if you’re
              looking for the latest nautica usa or dickies t-shirt, ben sherman ,kam uk or smart big size cargo shorts              then take a tour online and see what kingsize big & tall can offer. our buyers attend both australian fashion expos and international fashion fairs              searching for the latest big mens clothes styling worldwide. stay in touch with facebook and twitter for all the latest big mens shorts,
              big mens shirts, big mens trousers, big mens socks,
              big mens suits and the biggest online fashion range of big mens clothing.
              

big brands 
choose from international brands in big sizes such as nautica, ben sherman,
              canterbury , rembrandt, tommy hilfiger ,kam jeans uk ,
              fusion, geoffrey beene , daniel hechter and
              many more. trusted australian brands can also be found inextra large sizes such as studio italia , ganton,
               gloweave , lichfield , city club, charcoal, gaz man and
                so many more.
                

big choice
our retail stores carry everything from big size shoes, big size socks,
                large size fashion jeans , big size suits and sports coats ,
                extra large underwear, big size leather belts, plus size swimwear,
                extra long sleeve shirts, big size pyjamas, big size shirts,
                big size t-shirts, big mens jackets 
						, extra long jeans and many more just check out the categories on the left hand side of the website.
                

big value on big men's clothes
kingsize big and tall have discounted big mens clothing online. big sizes are always on sale online.
                discontinued plus size fashion and cheap big mens bargains can be found by filtering the website using the "on sale”
                feature at the top of page.
                

quality suits for big men
big mens suits in all the leading international brands can be found online. you may need some help with sizing but that's fine, simply call us on 1800 810 702 for assistance. top quality
                suit brands such as rembrandt, studio italia, kent and lloyd, cambridge, nino peritzi and many more are now available in your size. if your looking for a suit for your wedding or your organising a wedding party then call us for assistance.
                in many cases we will be able to outfit the entire wedding party whether they are big or small. our staff are specialists in determining the right fitting suit for big men.
big and tall size suits can be viewed online. available in sizes 120r to 182r and 100xl -132xl. we carry tall, stout and regular size suits in a selection of super 100’s pure wool to poly/wool fabrics.
about us 
kingsize big and tall commenced business in 1972 with the opening of their first big mens clothing store in inglewood western australia. the business was founded by don
            and jen blair.
            

						the business since this time has gone from strength to strength and now has a national chain of 12 big mens clothing stores stretching across australia from queensland and victoria to western australia and one store in the act.
            

						over this period kingsize big and tall have developed a comprehensive array of skills and knowledge into this unique market segment of big mens clothing, plus size mens clothing and extra tall sizes.
            

						this experience and knowledge has been one of the major contributing factors to the success of this business over the years.
            
						there is more to the big and tall oversize market than just increasing the number of x’s on a shirt or centimetres on the waist.
            
						the correct product mix in the correct size, fit, fashion and quantity are the secret ingredients essential to understanding big mens clothing.
            

						being a family owned company the principals of superior service and product knowledge are ingrained in the kingsize big and tall system and have assisted the company in achieving an excellent regular loyal customer base.
            

kingsize big and tall have made a conscious effort to stock younger mens styles in plus sizes and to change the perception about big and tall stores. kingsize stock large sizes in labels such as
            nautica, blazer, canterbury, studio italia, rembrandt, gaz man and r.m.williams with an emphasis on young contemporary fashion trends. all of these labels above were 1st introduced by kingsize
              big & tall. as a compliment, many of our competitors have since followed our lead.
              

						kingsize big and tall created a website in 1996 and were one of the first menswear companies (of any description) to offer big mens clothing online over the internet. the website is a handy way for both our potential customers and current
              competitors to check what big mens clothing labels we carry and the prices we offer, without the need for them to actually come into the store and have a look around.
              

						some of our staff have worked with us for over 19 years now and have an extensive understanding of the complexities of the plus size big man clothing market.
              

						mail order and telephone orders are our speciality. we have a dedicated department setup to handle your enquiries. we pride ourself on carrying the latest fashion brands for big men. we ensure that the style and fit of these international
              brands are suitable for big and tall men. it's not just a simple exercise to increase the chest measurement as some stores would have you believe.
              

our stores
kingsize big & tall have 10 outlets across australia.
              
						all our stores carry a comprehensive range of large sizes.
              
						you can buy big mens clothing online with the confidence of being able to return any garments that do not fit to an actual branch should you wish. goods can be returned to our perth cbd store, cannington, inglewood, joondalup, brisbane cbd,
              mt gravatt, southport chermside, strathpine stores. kingsize big & tall canberra operate as a separate business in affliation with kingsize big & tall in other states.
              
						kingsize+ big & tall , big sizes big mens clothing australia, brisbane, mt gravatt, strathpine, chermside, southport, dandenong, inglewood, perth, cannington and joondalup.
are you trying to find the right style and fit in a large size men’s jacket? 
						kingsize big & tall specialises in big size men’s jackets and we have them year round. we search the world for leading european brands from greyes, replika, carbano and daniel hechter. sizes range from 2x to 13x. a quick search of
            our jacket category will find casual style bomber jackets to ultra fashionable pea coat styles.
looking for big size men’s jeans? find the latest styles at www.https://www.kingsize.com.au
we have leading brands such as r.m.williams, daniel hechter, chisel, gaz man, blazer and many more. sizes from 102cm to 182cm and tall sizes from 87cm to 117cm (tall). we can deliver to any location in australia, whether you are looking for
            big men’s jeans in melbourne, tall size jeans in sydney or fashionable big men’s jeans in brisbane, perth, adelaide, canberra, hobart, darwin or any regional area in-between. you have landed in the right place.
buying power leads to better big men's clothing prices: all big and tall clothing is made to order. special orders, minimum quantities are required in order to have a style made. with over 12 big & tall specialist stores
            australia wide, we are able to achieve better prices for most brands.
at www.https://www.kingsize.com.au you will find some of the most competitive big and tall men’s fashion prices in australia. we notice that other large menswear stores have various free postage offers and short term discounts; however a quick price
            comparison will demonstrate that kingsize big & tall have every day lowest prices.


							didn't find what you wanted on our site?:

as proof of our confidence of our ability to offer the widest range of big and tall men's clothing in australia and as testament to our unwavering commitment to customer service, here is a resource list of other big and tall specialists you
            might try;
            
						www.bigandtall.com.au
            
						www.bigmensclothing.com.au
            
						www.highandmighty.com.au
            
						www.digbysmenswear.com.au
            
						www.ohenrysmenswear.com.au


							kingsize big and tall carry the following trouser and shirt sizes :102cm,107cm,112cm,117cm,122cm,127cm,132cm,137cm,142cm,147cm,152cm,157cm,162cm,167cm,172cm,177cm,182cm, 187cm . tall sizes begin
            at 82t, 87t, 82t, 97t, 102t, 107t, 112t and 117t shirts sizes start at xl, 2x,3x,4x,5x,6x,7x,8x,9x,10xl,11xl,12xl. kingsize big and tall also carry tall men’s extra sleeve length shirts from 42t, 44t, 46t, 48t as well as extra sleeve
            length sport shirts in sizes lt, xlt, 2xlt, 3xlt.    






 on sale 24/7 view clearance items  
 new stock just arrived  
 open sundays view locations  

subscribe to our newsletter

   









quick links

home
products
sales clearance
store locations
contact us
 

brands

nautica
gazman
dickies
jack and jones
levi


shopping information
 
size info
customer services
shipping & payment
returns policy
faqs
zippay
 

contact
1800 810 702
             









kingsize big and tall | big mens clothing australia | large size mens clothing | plus
                                    size
all pictures, photographs, artwork and content copyright © kingsize big & tall
                                    2015   






















         









   




