


boatstation newsletter #1











- news from the docks of lauderdale marina -




welcome to boatstation's newsletter featuring lauderdale marina and the thriving businesses located here. we're sharing current news and views from our historic marina on the intracoastal waterway. in addition to updates from the marina, you'll also learn what's happening at 15th street fisheries restaurant and drum realty, all within the same core family of businesses. we look forward to sharing with you!








drum realty is fort lauderdale's preeminent luxury real estate firm serving south florida for the past 67 years. the company, with over 1 billion dollars in total sales, is located within the family's own historic marina, and has earned an international reputation built on offering the highest quality properties with the most personalized service. the firm places a special emphasis on waterfront residences in the finest fort lauderdale neighborhoods, specifically rio vista, las olas isles and harbor beach.





- c o l e e   h a m m o c k -







this rare piece of prime fort lauderdale waterfront features over 40,000 sq ft of land and 200 feet of frontage along the historic banks of new river. it is one of the last undeveloped residential tracts in the desirable southeast portion of the city near las olas. mature landscaping throughout makes this the ideal setting for a homesite on two buildable lots. the listing has a sale pending and was offered at $7,400,000.





- c l i f f s i d e   v i s t a -







nestled within exclusive rio vista, this rare double lot is situated atop a ridgeline and unique cliff at one of the highest points in fort lauderdale. the large property is surrounded by mature trees and dense foliage creating a perfect, private space on which to build one or two residences. the existing structure is a charming two-story family home overlooking the brick pool area from its spacious wrap-around covered porch. inside is found pecky cypress walls/ceilings, hardwood floors and a wood burning fireplace. the property is presently offered at $1,599,000.























call kelly drum at 954-931-3222 to inquire about these listings.








our marina is celebrating its 70th anniversary this year, a real milestone for the family of the late bob cox, founder of lauderdale marina in 1948. this historic photograph shows bob's wife and friends fueling up at the dock in the marina's first year of business on the inland waterway. we're still here, and under the same family ownership after seven decades! visit our historical archive for more vintage views!







check out this fascinating time-lapse video of the  lauderdale marina dock cam on the intracoastal waterway as it was recorded over the past two years. the award-winning cam feed is one of the most watched live streams on the earthcam network worldwide and is regularly used on national television broadcasts.





boston whaler sales & service since 1973



the lauderdale marina boston whaler partnership was established in 1973. our experienced team has remained the go-to group of whaler specialists in south florida for countless individuals and boating families throughout broward county over the past 45 years. they choose lauderdale marina for assistance selecting the best boats for their needs, the award-winning service department and parts department.







the lauderdale marina boat sales team was  a major participant at the miami international boat show in february. the dealership's new boston whaler demo boat (above) was seen  throughout the show, both at the miami marine stadium pavilion and on biscayne bay where she made quite an impression. she's a 350 outrage, fully loaded with all the latest marine tech toys and she sports a stunning hull wrap!









in september 2017, lauderdale marina became the exclusive sales and servicing dealership for albemarle sportfishing boats in southeast florida. this affiliation brings a new line of boats to fishermen and families who love the comfort, space, and amenities offered by this very popular manufacturer. the photos above show the interior of the albemarle 41 convertible. call 954-523-8507 for more information.







our award-winning restaurant at the marina is 15th street fisheries, a landmark dining establishment on the intracoastal waterway for the past 40 years. opened in 1978, the fisheries is owned and operated by the same family whose marina was founded thirty years hence. continuing today, the restaurant offers lunch, dinner and drinks with the best waterway views in south florida. call 954-763-2777 for upstairs dinner reservations. arrive by car, boat or the water taxi! we're at dock stop #5.







your favorite wine with the most delicious seafood, the perfect combination, made even greater each tuesday & wednesday during the fisheries waterfront wine special, both upstairs for dinner and all day dockside! enjoy 50% off all bottles from our award-winning wine list! each bottle includes an amazing waterway view!








join us on the marina docks every day when we feed these giant air-breathing fish between 5:00-6:00pm. you can personally feed the tarpon with shrimp available for purchase in the marina's adjacent dock store. interacting with these amazing sea creatures is one of the most popular and unique attractions in the south florida area. it's a fun activity before or after dining at the fisheries, and is perfect for kids!
                        




click here to watch a recent tarpon feeding!






planning a party or special celebration? the "group dining" options at 15th street fisheries provide the ideal selection of beautiful rooms, award-winning cuisine, and top-flight service for your group, large or small. the seminole river room (pictured) was recently updated with a white backdrop (walls and ceiling) to enhance the nautical decor and panoramic waterway views. this room accommodates up to 85 guests. call dante deritis, events coordinator, at 954-763-2777 to plan your next waterfront party!









in 2002, bob cox (lauderdale marina founder and co-founder of the antique boat museum in clayton, ny) decided his love of vintage boats could be expressed best through the recreation of a "number boat" built in the style of the mower boats from days long past. bob engaged the help of northend composites and set about building this beautiful replica. the original design was by charles d. mower.



click here to watch the number boat video!







number 21 has since been handed down through the family and was recently featured in the current issue of classic boating magazine. the photos above show two of the cox great-grandsons enjoying use of their family's boat on the st. lawrence river in upstate new york and also on the whiskey river in fort lauderdale.
















954-523-8507

954-763-2777
954-931-3222



lauderdale marina businesses




family owned and operated for 76 years

            boston whaler boat sales, service & parts
            
            exclusive albemarle boat sales & service
            
            ethanol-free fuel at our convenient fuel dock on the intracoastal
            
            marina dock store open late for all your excursion supply needs
            
            prime dockage available for nearly any size vessel
            
            15th street fisheries restaurant & dockside bar
            
            drum realty - luxury waterfront specialists
            




            1900 se 15th street, fort lauderdale, florida 33316 |
            954-931-3222 | newsletter@boatstation.com









