




wolmanized wood & arch wood protection | arxada na wood protection

















contactnewsroominvestorsour solutionsour productsabout ussustainabilitycareersclosesearch anything north america wood protection preserving naturecontact uswelcome to arxadawood protectionwood, the world’s greatest renewable resource®arxada provides the technologies to enhance the performance of wood while not diminishing wood's warmth, beauty, strength and versatility. to that end, we believe that using wood products improves the quality of life for our communities. we deliver technologies that enhance the performance and increase the longevity of wood.

our products protect wood from termites and decay; protect wood from flame spread; prevent mold growth; and enhance its visual appearance, all to make wood last longer and look better.

application overviewframing and constructionprotect interior projects from mold, termites, moisture and flame spread and smoke development with our wood specialties and dricon® products especially innovated for solid wood and mass timber products.
wood specialtiesfire retardant productsoutdoor living and landscapingprotect the beauty of wood used in exterior applications with the wolman® family of products, including built-in color for decking and fencing applications.
wolman® ewolman® agutility, infrastructure, and agriculturefor poles, piles and beams that endure the most demanding environments, wolmanac® cca and chemonite® acza deliver a long service life for industrial applications.
industrial preservative productswolmanac® ccachemonite® aczaproduct family overviewdricon® fsdricon® fs class a fire retardants impede flame spread and smoke development in interior applications.
dricon® fswolman® ewolman® e offers long-term protection against termites and fungal decay for wood used in both residential and commercial projects. 
wolman® ewolmanac® cca & chemonite® aczawolmanac® cca and chemonite® acza guard infrastructure, giving poles, piling, posts and more the durability to stand against wood's natural enemies. 
wolmanac® cca chemonite® aczaframeguard® & wolman® agframeguard® protects buildings from mold, decay and termite damage. anti-mold and preservative compounds that protects wood used as framing, millwork and trim.
 frameguard®wolman® agantiblu® & mycostat®spray or dip treatments for short-term protection against molds and stains.
antiblu®permatek®permatek® surface treatments or glueline additives are  insecticides designed to control of wood damaging insects for lumber and engineered wood products.
permatek® lotuspro™lotuspro™ water repellent is a patented, water-based industrial sealant that shields mass timber products from the effects of mold and moisture by providing a barrier from those natural enemies of wood.
lotuspro™sillbor®sillbor® treatment offers the first line of defense against termites and fungal decay in structures such as homes and office buildings.
sillbor®services overviewour brands instill confidence and provide peace of mind, as do our support services, which enable our customers to make the most of wood’s unique and adaptable properties.
plant control & management softwarethrough innovative software development, we strive to help our customers achieve quality, end-use appropriate and cost-effective preservative treatments for their wood.
control systemsmarketing support our in-house marketing team capitalizes on a wide range of experience in the effective and creative promotion of treated wood products aimed to help our customers develop business. we work closely with our customers to create and implement impactful marketing initiatives while offering marketing advice and custom design services.
marketing servicesengineering supportwith experienced in-house professionals, we are constantly improving treatment systems to meet the changing requirements of customers and industry regulators. our team offers complete project management services from plant and process design and procurement to installation, commissioning, and technical support.
engineering supporttechnical support & preventative maintenancewe provide both laboratory and field-based support to ensure our customers are treating lumber to quality standards. we have a team of dedicated professionals who work with customers to maintain compliance.
technical supportregulatory support our environmental, health & safety support provides you with the confidence that you are operating safely and in compliance with applicable regulations. our experienced regulatory experts advise you on how to use our products in a safe and responsible manner and keep you ahead of the ever-changing regulatory requirements.
regulatory supportcontact us for questions or claimslocal supportlearn more about treated woodknowledge centerarxada ag ‎‏‏‎  ‎‏‏ ‎‎‏‏‎ ‎‏‏‎  ‎‏‏ ‎‎‏‏‎ ‎‏‏‎ ‎‏‏‎‎‏‏‎  ‎‏‏ ‎‎‏‏‎ ‎‏‏‎ ‎‏‏‎ ‎ ‎‎‏‏‎ ‎‏‏‎ ‎‏‏‎  ‎‏‏ ‎‏‏‎ ‎‎‏‏‎  ‎‏‏ ‎‎‏‏‎ ‎‏‏‎ ‎‏‏‎ ‎peter merian-strasse 80‎‏‏‎ 4052 basel ‏‏‎  ‎‏‏ ‎‎‏‏‎ ‎‏‏‎ ‎‏‏‎‎‏‏‎  ‎‏‏ ‎‎‏‏‎ ‎‏‏‎‎‎‏‏‎ ‎‏‏‎ ‎‏‏‎ ‎‏‏‎‎‏‏‎  ‎ ‎‎‏‏‎ ‎‏‏‎ ‎‏‏‎ ‎‎‏‏‎  ‎‏‏ ‎‎‏‏‎ ‎‏‏‎ ‎‏‏‎ ‎ ‎ ✆+41 61 563 80 00get in touchsafer, cleaner, healthier and greener - follow us onmicrobial control solutioncrop protectionfood, beverage & waterhome & personal carematerial protectionpaints & coatingsprofessional hygienewood protectionnutrition, care & environmentalcomposite materialscustom development & manufacturing organizationperformance intermediatescorporateabout uscareersinvestor sustainability© 2025 all rights reserved.policy hubprivacy policylegal disclaimeruk tax strategyus transparency in coverage (tic)






