







usa river cruises | american river cruises 2025
































































 











 
















cruise usa
cruise destinations
expeditions
land tours
ships







request info
800-578-1479







 











cruise usa
cruise destinations
expeditions
land tours
ships





search for a cruise.   




-- travel type --
cruise
train
cruise + train
expedition
land tours


-- cruise destination --
alaska cruisesbritish columbia cruisescalifornia cruisescanada cruisescaribbean cruiseschesapeake bay cruisescolumbia river cruisescumberland & tennessee cruiseseast coast cruiseseurope cruisesgalápagos cruisesgreat lakes cruiseshawaii cruiseshudson river cruise from nycinternational cruiseslower mississippi river cruisesmexico cruisesmidwest cruisesnew england cruisesnortheast usa cruisesohio river cruisespacific northwest cruisespolar cruisespuget sound cruises seattlesoutheast cruisestahiti cruisesupper mississippi river cruisesusa cruises 

-- cruise ship --
alouetteamerican constellationamerican constitutionamerican eagleamerican gloryamerican harmonyamerican heritageamerican independenceamerican jazzamerican legendamerican libertyamerican melodyamerican patriotamerican pioneeramerican prideamerican serenadeamerican songamerican spiritamerican splendoramerican staramerican symphonyamerican westemerald azzuraemerald long shipsemerald sakarahurtigruten coastal shipsla pintale bellotle champlainluciolem/s paul gauguinnational geographic endurancenational geographic islander iinational geographic orionnational geographic questnational geographic resolutionnational geographic sea birdnational geographic sea cloudnational geographic sea cloud iinational geographic sea lionnational geographic ventureng endeavour iing explorernorthern dreamoceania insigniaoceania nauticaoceania regattaoceania sirenaoceania vistapearl mistsafari endeavoursafari explorersafari questsafari voyagerscenic eclipsescenic jadescenic jaspershannon princessstar breezestar legendstar pridevictory ivictory iivictory iiviking jupiterviking marsviking mississippiviking neptuneviking octantisviking orionviking polarisviking saturnviking seaviking skyviking starviking starviking velaviking venuswilderness adventurerwilderness discovererwilderness explorerwilderness legacywind spiritwind starwind surfworld navigator 

-- cruise length --
5 days & under
10 days & under
15 days & under
20 days & under
            ?>
          

-- max price --
$2,500
$5,000
$7,500
$10,000
$20,000


-- month --
january
february
march
april
may
june
july
august
september
october
november
december


-- year --
202520262027 



















brand new ship the american jazz on lower mississippi just in time for the holidays nov and dec. special offer $1500 off a cabin. offer good until june 30th. 
current sold-out dates are nov. 17th and 24th on the american harmony.
columbia & snake river cruise – the american song: a brand new, modern riverboat that is now cruising the columbia and snake rivers between washington and oregon offering iconic nw cruises.
northwest pioneers: 10-night columbia river cruise – american pride: our 7-night columbia river cruises are popular every year, but so often we want just a little more time to explore! the new ‘northwest pioneers’ itinerary affords you that time to dig a little deeper.
these are smaller ships and they tend to sell out months ahead of time! these offers must be booked by july 31st.
*restrictions may apply





				book by july 31st – huge savings and limited availability
			























your travel partner
and small ship expert











 

specials on small ship cruises! book your 2024 cruise now and save! space is limited, and cruises will sell out!



 

special offers








browse by...
[



 river & ocean cruises
 cruise destinations
 trains
 cruise ships





 


















				current popular destinations
			































view all destinations.










video gallery




















american cruise line









 


 















viking cruises


















oceania cruise line











				inclusive experiences means less time planning, and more time relaxing.
			




last but certainly not least: usa river cruises takes the guesswork out of planning a trip in the first place. you’ll no longer have to fret over the cost of every little perk — because the perks are part of the all-inclusive experience aboard a usa river cruise. no need to tally up the numbers when you order beer, a glass of wine, room service, soda, cappuccinos, or decide to take a shore excursion.
the world is waiting for you. imagine your most wonderful journey. then contact usa river cruises to make it come true.
ever thought about a vip-style, front row seat to breathtaking waterfalls, rolling vineyards, and stunning mountain peaks? try one of our columbia river cruises.










				envision paradise, adventure and relaxation with usa river cruises
			




imagine exploring the ins and outs of the largest group of freshwater lakes on earth — and then hop aboard our great lakes river cruises.
perhaps you’ve always wondered what it would be like to explore the deep south in comfort and style. our mississippi river cruises are the place to be.
or maybe you’ve always wanted to experience europe from a ship’s-eye view. well usa river cruises has those, too, with our sweet suite of european cruises.
there’s so much for you to see and do. from the great lakes and the mighty mississippi to the columbia river and our alaskan cruises ports of call — all the way to our cruises throughout europe and the caribbean.
usa river cruises has been making travel dreams come true since 1999. we’re experts at matching people with the experiences they seek. there’s something for everyone. there’s something for you.










“this columbia river cruise experience was a total delight, very informative, educational, entertaining, and just a fantastic experience overall. every port offered opportunities for exploration and learning. the on-board riverlorian brought history to life, as did the local entertainment brought onboard. the cuisine selections and quality were top-shelf all the way.”
- nancy mullaney















				the world is waiting for you. imagine the journey.
			




get to know us. we want to get to know you.






 










resources
best of the northwest
travel abroad
travel health
travel warnings
us travel security
vessel sanitation program
airline on-time stats
airline status
portland city tours, oregon wine tours, mt. hood tours
world clock
weather
travel agents
travel insurance
video gallery
cruise recipes
partners

cruise specials newslettersign up for our e-newsletter & receive exclusive offers!










email

phonethis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
  











δ




usa river cruises 10000 ne 7th ave suite 125,
vancouver, wa 98685
contact
call us at 800-578-1479














 
groups & charters
themed cruises
ship types

back small ships
paddlewheels
expedition ships


trains
travel insurance
blog
testimonials

back leave us a testimonial


shop

back books: recommended reading
travel accessory recommendations
store: visiting the northwest
made in the pacific northwest


travel agents
about us

back meet our staff
video gallery
why book with us?
travel insurance
cruise recipes


mail me a brochure
usa river cruises referral program
 












don’t miss out on exclusive special offers, new destinations, and new ships! sign up now!



"*" indicates required fields

email*

namethis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
  











δ





usa river cruises respects your privacy. your information will never be sold or distributed to anyone else. view our privacy policy.


 
×



































 















