














ezquest | usb-c multiport hub adaptor | mobile, pc, & macbook accessories












products

usb-c

hubs
cables
adapters
card readers
enclosure


cables/adapters

hdmi
displayport
mini displayport
audio


power

wall charger
car charger




where to buy
my account







free shipping on us orders $90+






  











as seen in


 



best pc & macbook accessories | usb-c multiport hub adapters   


 ultimate usb-c multimedia hub adapter 13 ports with power delivery 3.0
$49.99




 usb-c dual hdmi multimedia hub adapter 5 ports with power delivery 3.0
$59.99




 usb-c cfast 2.0 card reader 5 ports with uhs ii sd/micro sd
$49.99


about ezquestezquest provides the highest-quality accessories for apple, pc and mobile consumer electronics markets. our company’s product portfolio includes a wide variety of 
macbook usb-c hubs, docks, cables, 
(usb-c to hdmi cables), adapters, power products and mac keyboard covers. these products are precision engineered utilizing the highest quality materials, uses the latest technology and designed for durability and style.
you can get the most out of your usb-c hub macbook pro & air, or tablet with the best usb-c hub
 adapter! with three usb ports, an hdmi port, an ethernet port, and more, the hub allows you to connect, charge, and use virtually any desired device.there’s nothing complicated or confusing about using ezquest’s hub adapter; just plug it in to your laptop, phone, or tablet, and then connect any flash drives, hard drives, cameras, or other usb devices to use or to charge. you can also use the hdmi port to connect a tv, projector, or other display.
the gigabit-capable ethernet port offers a high-speed, uninterrupted connection to your device anywhere you have access to an ethernet cable, allowing you to stream all sorts of media from the web, through your device, and onto your connected hdmi display. wherever you are and whatever your needs, the usb-c multiport adapter for laptop & macbook has your back. transfer and sync files, stream movies, play music, charge batteries, and more, on any usb-c device. you’ll never be limited by travel or the built-in ports of your device again.
 




company
about us
ezquest news room
reviews
company blog


support
contact us
help/faqs
shipping info
warranty info & return policy
privacy policy/terms of use


become a reseller

connect with ussign up to receive new-product news, coupons and sales announcements, and pre-sales exclusives.(we never share our lists.)












 
 

free shipping on us orders $90+
© ezquest 2022

.


 






get 10% off your next order!

sign-up to receive product news, sale announcements, pre-sales exclusives, and get a coupon for 10% off your next order. (we never share our lists.)







email address








