




















































	
        
        county of renfrew

















close alert banner












skip to content












county of renfrew

























living hereanimal servicescommunity calendareducationemergency serviceshome and propertyindigenous relationslibrarieslong-term caremapsoutdoorsplaces of worshiproadssports and recreationtrailscommunity serviceschildren's serviceshealth care and wellnesshomelessness prevention programlong-term careontario workscommunity housingcommunity resourcesmesa teambusiness and developmentbusiness licences and permitscommunity profileeconomic developmentleasing opportunitiesmapsplanning and land usestart or grow your businesstenderstourismcounty governmentabout the countyaccessibilityby-lawscareerscommitteescontact uscouncilcounty council meetings and agendasnews and noticespoliciesprovincial offences court - bureau des infractions provincialesrecognize an employeereport a concernreports, plans and studiestenders



i want toclose i want to menuapplybid on a tenderchild care and early yearsontario workscommunity housingpay and donatebusiness licences and permitspay a ticket or finereport and requestfreedom of informationreport a concern




























municipalitiesbids & tenderscareerspay a ticket or finemapslong-term carezencity engage







                                           renfrew county virtual triage and assessment centre                                                                           proud member of the "eowc"                                


        mesa
the county of renfrew is pleased to announce the launch of a new collaborative approach to providing compassionate care in the community.  this phased approach, named mesa (pronounced “mey-suh”), embodies bold and compassionate work to address the root causes of homelessness, substance abuse and addictions and mental health while fostering a resilient and healthier community for all residents of the county of renfrew. it is a collaborative between three internal service providers – community services, paramedic services and our development and property department, as well as partner organizations serving our communities. 




upcoming events

loading calendar feed...
loading calendar feed...

view all committee & council events
view all events










news
 

loading news feed...

view all news and notices







follow us










about our municipalities

select municipality

town of arnpriorthe town of arnprior has so much to offer residents of all ages! arnprior has all of the conveniences of an urban town, while maintaining the beauty of nature that comes with being ‘where the rivers meet.'
visit arnprior sitetown of deep riverthe town of deep river is known as the home of canadian nuclear laboratories and related high tech businesses. deep river is also known for its terrific lifestyle and beautiful natural setting on the banks of the ottawa river.
visit deep river sitetown of laurentian hillslaurentian hills is located in the heartland of ontario’s recreation system, situated in the beautiful valley of the ottawa river bordered by the laurentian mountains and algonquin provincial park. laurentian hills is perfect for the outdoor enthusiasts. you can enjoy year-round recreational opportunities such as fishing, swimming, camping, boating, paddling, hunting, hiking, cross-country skiing and atv activities. 
visit laurentian hills sitetown of petawawathe town of petawawa is nestled in the western shore of the ottawa river, just 160 km west of ottawa. it's the largest community in renfrew county with a population over 17,000.
visit petawawa sitetown of renfrewthe town of renfrew is a connected community located along highway 17, just west of the nation's capital. renfrew offers urban conveniences while maintaining it's rural feel, making it the right fit for your business as well as your family.
visit town of renfrew sitetownship of admaston/bromleythe township of admaston/bromley lives at the heart of the ottawa valley and is surrounded by a beautiful natural landscape. located just an hour west of ottawa, admaston/bromley provides easy access to our nation's capital.
visit admaston/bromley sitetownship of bonnechere valleythe township of bonnechere valley was created in 2001 when the former townships of grattan, sebastopol, south algona and the village of eganville merged together.
visit bonnechere valley sitetownship of brudenell, lyndoch, & raglanthe township of brudenell, lyndoch and raglan has an extremely unique white water provincial park which runs through the center of the natural crown lands. if you love rural living and activities, the township of brudenell, lyndoch and raglan is a must see destination.
visit brudenell, lyndoch, & raglan sitetownship of greater madawaskathe township of greater madawaska is the most picturesque and diverse tourist destination in eastern ontario.
visit greater madawaska sitetownship of head, clara, & mariathe township of head, clara and maria is made up of four small hamlets on the shores of the ottawa river. 
visit head, clara and maria sitetownship of hortonthe township of horton offers a blend of country living while remaining close to urban centres. 
visit township of horton sitetownship of killaloe, hagarty, & richardsthe township of killaloe, hagarty and richards offers a landscape of rich forests, clear lakes and winding rivers and streams.
visit killaloe, hagarty, & richards sitetownship of laurentian valleythe township of laurentian valley surrounds the city of pembroke and is south of the town of petawawa. there are a number of excellent recreation facilities as well as an abundance of crown lands, which border on algonquin park.
visit laurentian valley sitetownship of madawaska valleythe township of madawaska valley is made up of barry's bay, combermere and wilno. each of these communities has their own recreation facilities, schools and festivities. 
visit madawaska valley sitetownship of mcnab/braesidethe township of mcnab/braeside sits between the towns of arnprior and renfrew and is close to downtown ottawa.
visit mcnab/braeside sitenorth algona wilberforce townshipnorth algona wilberforce township is home to many lakes and rivers creating a beautiful and diverse landscape.
visit north algona wilberforce township sitetownship of whitewater regionthe township of whitewater region is a small community that lives in close connection to renfrew, pembroke, petawawa and the national capital region. 
visit whitewater region site


































accessibilityfreedom of informationprivacy policyterms of usesitemapwebsite feedbackcontact usa-z servicescareerstendersreport an issue


© 2020 county of renfrew, 9 international drive, pembroke on k8a 6w5, phone: 1-800-273-0183, fax: 613-735-2081 | staff login | staff email













by ghd digital








































close old browser notification


browser compatibility notification
it appears you are trying to access this site using an outdated browser.  as a result, parts of the site may not function properly for you.  we recommend updating your browser to its most recent version at your earliest convenience.









