









home - technology install partners


















































skip to content






















































ohio







michigan







indiana








florida
















 
services installation system design services cloud / ai solutions repair & maintenance services security integration consultingsolutions access control avigilon access control manager alarm systems audio & video bda services jobsite security commercial fire alarms emergency communications systems intercom systems nurse call systems structured cabling video surveillance avigilon video surveillance wireless systemsindustries education government / public safety daycare healthcare manufacturing retail multi-family housing campus style projects self storage warehousepartners allegion (wireless locks) avigilon alta avigilon unity digital watchdog dmp honeywell pro-watch s2 access control milestone systems prodatakey siemens fire systems silent knight turing aiabout blogcontact support request a quote








 












homepage video slider












360° surveillance
complete coverage with advanced dome cameras for comprehensive security monitoring.








mobile access control
secure entry management with touchless mobile credentials and smart reader technology.








movement analytics
visualize traffic patterns and space usage with advanced heatmap technology.








security systems
protecting your business.








license plate recognition
enhance security with automated vehicle identification and tracking for controlled access areas.








smart people detection
monitor occupancy and movement patterns in real-time for enhanced facility security.



←
→












 
















our services span industries and verticals, from educational, healthcare, corporate, to miliary and more!


























access control
access control systems safeguard facilities by managing who can enter specific areas through various authentication methods, from key cards to biometric scanners, ensuring only authorized individuals can access protected spaces.


















security consulting
security consulting services provide expert guidance to help organizations identify vulnerabilities, strengthen defenses, and develop comprehensive strategies to protect their assets, data, and personnel from evolving threats and risks.


















security system maintenance
professional maintenance of security systems ensures your equipment operates at peak performance through regular inspections, testing, and updates, helping prevent system failures and extending the life of your security investment.


















system design services
security system design services create customized protection solutions tailored to your facility's unique needs, integrating the right combination of technologies and equipment to deliver optimal security coverage and performance.

































technology install partners provides premium security and life safety systems.




















experience
technology install partners has the experience in all classes of projects from the largest airports to smallest retail establishments and everything in between. we have the resources to take on all sizes of projects efficiently and cost-effectively.


















quality
technology install partners is dedicated to delivering quality solutions to our customers. we are thoroughly dedicated to quality workmanship and customer satisfaction. this quality assurance has grown this small company into a major player in the security technology industry.


















value
we install products from hundreds of different manufacturers with dozens of options in each product category. we spend valuable time researching products to know their capabilities, limits and durability so that our customers are assured the best value in the products we install.


















expertise
what makes technology install partners the choice of business leaders? our staff. technology install partners employs a dedicated and talented staff that is highly trained and efficient. each one of our people are dedicated to quality workmanship and customer satisfaction.

















avigilon access control manager
avigilon’s enterprise-class installation, the access control manager (acm) is a complete, it-friendly physical access control system. it gives you the ability to respond immediately to alerts, protecting your assets, property, and most of all, your people.







learn more





















the latest from technology install partners
company news, helpful articles, and industry updates.


























security and life safety services for every industry
technology install partners is your go-to all in one service provider for low voltage security and life safety since 2008. we are located in indiana, ...







read more



















the benefits of private wireless networks
increase wireless connectivity and protect sensitive information in your company with a private wireless network!...







read more



















the issue with 5g: safety and security
we have all been hearing about 5g for quite some time now. well, in february 2022, it will officially transfer into full effect. this switch has a lot...







read more



















live video monitoring
be proactive in your efforts to protect your business, city, or home with live monitoring as part of your video surveillance....
 







read more




















"our sales representative took the time during our consultation to work with us on a detailed plan that addressed design, installation and testing, as well as certification, maintenance and repair. the entire process went very smoothly and the technicians were awesome! everything is still working perfectly, a year later.”chris nortzthe center for health affairs 

"we gave them full reign of the buildings to come and go as they needed. they are very self-sufficient, even cleaning up all of their own messes, and we felt very comfortable with them.”kerry samplescentral local schools 




















some of our clients
































 















technology install partners























(888) 586-7040 














13701 enterprise ave. cleveland, oh 








security designs























(734) 421-0077 














24083 research dr. farmington hills, mi 








alarm link























(317) 594-9911 














1761 north sherman drive, suite j indianapolis, in  








diamond security and sound























(239) 768-1799 














13790-1 treeline ave s. fort myers, fl 










additional resources






faq
privacy policy
terms and conditions









about us






we provide security solutions for commercial and residential customers. security solutions range from access control technology to fire alarm systems.

















© 2025 technology install partners. all rights reserved.









 
















