







ernesthealth.com








































 









linkedinone equity partners
 


home
about us

about us
leadership
national recognition
our passion
partner with us


services

inpatient rehabilitation
long-term acute care
outpatient services
your recovery


our hospitals
faqs
careers
news
contact us





menu


menu

 






we believemoreyour recovery isthan just physical...

welcome to ernest healthernest health is a network of rehabilitation and long-term acute care hospitals. ernest health hospitals provide specialized medical and rehabilitative services to patients recovering from disabilities caused by injuries or illnesses, or from chronic or complex medical conditions.








hospitals
ernest health hospitals are located in arizona, california, colorado, idaho, indiana, montana, new mexico, ohio, south carolina, texas, utah, wisconsin, and wyoming.

learn more

passion
ernest health and ernest health hospital employees are passionate, and consider it a privilege to delivery a high-quality standard of care to the communities served. 

learn more

your recovery
ernest health hospitals provide the highest level of care to patients with disabilities caused by injuries or illnesses, or from chronic or complex medical conditions.

learn more
ernest health hospital services


ernest health hospitals strive to create healing and nurturing environments to address medical, emotional, and social needs.



inpatient rehabilitation

ernest health hospitals provide rehabilitative services to people recovering from disabilities caused by injuries or illnesses.
learn more


long-term acute care

ernest health long-term acute care hospitals provide critical care to patients who are recovering from serious illnesses or injuries.
learn more


outpatient services

ernest health hospitals provide outpatient rehabilitation services to patients who are no longer required to be in the hospital, but still need physical, occupational and/or speech therapy to help them continue to recover fully.
learn more


national recognition

ernest health hospitals have earned national recognition as healthcare leaders, meaning that they provide the highest level of available care to their patients in the communities they serve.
learn more





jake socha, president

message from the president


ernest health hospitals provide comprehensive rehabilitation and critical care recovery treatments to a wide spectrum of patients who have suffered from various injuries and illnesses. they help patients improve function and attain their greatest level of independence through comprehensive team care planning. the expertise of physicians, nurses and therapists is matched only by their commitment to their guidelines, principles, and core values! the clinical teams work together with their patients and families to attain nothing but world class rehabilitative results.


what patients say about ernest health hospitals



“the care and encouragement i received has affected me and motivated me to serve others. people need to understand that there is life after incidents like this.”
luis m.brownsville, tx
“hope is what we all need to have. if you are in this place, you do have hope. i have enjoyed my stay here more than i can put into words.”
domingo c.las cruces, nm
“what an outstanding job you did for my recovery. it was a very happy and proud day when i was able to ‘walk’ past all of you clapping while i was on my way.”
anna p.casper, wy
“my stroke left me very weak on my left side. from day one everyone encouraged me and treated me like family. i can’t say enough good things about this place.”
carol a.calhoun falls, sc











 summa rehab hospital denver regional rehabilitation hospital green bay rehabilitation hospital

ernest health hospitals


ernest health hospitals are located throughout the united states in arizona, california, colorado, idaho, indiana, montana, new mexico, ohio, south carolina, texas, utah, wisconsin, and wyoming. each hospital is managed locally to best meet the needs of each community which is served. ernest health hospitals share information, knowledge, and resources throughout all our hospitals so they can continually evaluate and improve the delivery of care to our patients.


view the full portfolio here




top 10%
recognized in the nation’s top 10%
ernest health’s rehabilitation hospitals have been ranked by the uniform data system for medical rehabilitation (udsmr), a non-for-profit corporation that was developed with support from the national institute on disability and rehabilitation research, a component of the u.s. department of education. it ranks rehabilitation facilities based upon care that is patient-centered, effective, efficient, and timely.
through udsmr, our hospitals collaborate with our peers throughout the united states to share information and establish best practices for patients. this helps us elevate rehabilitative care for everyone across the united states.

   


about ernest health

at ernest health, we provide specialized medical and rehabilitative services to our patients through our rehabilitation and long-term acute care hospitals. we treat patients who often are recovering from disabilities caused by injuries or illnesses, or from chronic or complex medical conditions.

read morebusiness hours our support hotline is available 24 hours a day: (555) 343 456 7891

monday-friday: 	9am to 5pm	 
saturday: 	10am to 2pm
sunday: 	closed		 



guiding principles

as our guiding principles state, we promote a healing and nurturing environment where everyone is treated with dignity and respect. we are first and foremost passionate patient caregivers and team members, connected at our core by the treatment needs of our patients.

read more 1024 n. galloway ave., suite 102
mesquite, texas 75149
p 972.216.2425 f 972.885.7090 | email
california consumer privacy act







© copyright - ernest health | 1024 n. galloway ave., suite 102, mesquite, texas 75149
linkedin






scroll to top

























