
























migis lodge on sebago lake |  maine’s premier family lakeside resort









 






migis lodge on sebago lake |  maine’s premier family lakeside resort

we're closed for the 2024 season. we look forward to welcoming our guests back in june of 2025!






logo
discover migisthe migis experiencephoto gallerymigis storework at migisaccessibilitylodgingproperty map2025 ratescottages & accommodationsmain lodge roomsstudio cottagesone bedroom cottagestwo & three bedroom cottagesfour+ bedroom cottagesmigis homesaccessible accommodationsactivitiesactivities at migischildcare & kids' activitiesfamily activitieswaterskiing & wakeboardingcanoeing, kayaking & sailingswimming & fishingwellness, exercise & massagetennis, disc golf, pickleball & other land sportsmassageautumn adventuresdiningdining at migisindoor dininglakeside diningweddings & eventsweddings & events at migisweddingscouples' commentscorporate events & retreatsreservationsreservation information, rates & policiesreservation request2025 rates(207) 655-4524open menu










previous
previous




maine's premier family lakefront resortsouth casco, maine
since 1916, our doors have been open to guests seeking a step back from the world along the tranquil shores of sebago lake. our classic main lodge and 35 cottages are nestled amid 125 acres of pine forest stretching along 3,500 feet of sebago lake shoreline in southern maine. whether you’re lunching on our private island, enjoying tennis, waterskiing, kayaking or sailing, enjoying a massage at our wellness center, spending time with the family, or gazing at dramatic sunsets.
it’s all waiting for you here, at migis lodge on sebago lake.




 an all-inclusive experiencea full american plan resortonce the classic model for destination vacations, full american plan resorts like migis include all meals and most activities in their per person rates. our rates do, with the exception of beverages from the bar and personal use of motor boats. we cater to those who think of that special time in their favored spot as “their week”. drive up, park the car, and stay. whatever you seek in leisure, food, and service is right here.learn more


 fun & activities for all agesfamilies & kids love migisfor many, migis means exploring and discovering our wide range of outdoor and family activities. you'll love our spectacular waterfront, with waterskiing, canoeing and kayaking, sailing, and fishing. land-lovers will appreciate our three har-tru tennis courts, disc golf course, pickleball and basketball courts, and yoga and daily fitness classes.learn more


 lakefront lodgingexceptionally comfortable accommodationsstay in one of our main lodge’s eight spacious rooms or in a private cottage. you’ll enjoy your own porch with views of the lake, handsome appointments in every room, fieldstone fireplaces, contemporary bath appointments, fresh flowers, and housekeeping service, including fresh ice and firewood delivered by our cabin stewards.learn more


 discover a unique type of vacationright here, at migis lodge on sebago lakewe welcome everyone from solo travelers to multi-generational families seeking relaxation at our cottages on sebago lake. relax amidst the glorious lake views and unparalleled fresh maine air. spend time with your kids or let them join the fun and variety of our supervised children’s programs. pausing from the busy lives we lead and enjoying time with family and friends is an important part of your migis experience, and we are dedicated to ensuring that the migis you experience is the one you want to come back to for years to come.learn more

migis lodge on sebago lake, located just 40 minutes northwest of portland, is an idyllic location perfect for family vacations, romantic getaways, and much more. please contact us with any questions or to receive more information about planning your best vacation ever! learn more about accessibility at migis lodge.
mailing address: post office box 40, south casco me 04077
physical & shipping address: 30 migis lodge road, south casco me 04077
 
select photography provided by jamie mercurio photography, the leighton co, emily delamater photography, justin johnson photography, natalya desena photography, i am sarah v photography
© discover migis hotel group • voice: (207) 655-4524  •  email: migis@migis.com  •  employment opportunities • privacy policy
 © migis lodge







 logo


close

discover migisthe migis experiencephoto gallerymigis storework at migisaccessibilitylodgingproperty map2025 ratescottages & accommodationsactivitiesactivities at migischildcare & kids' activitiesfamily activitieswaterskiing & wakeboardingcanoeing, kayaking & sailingswimming & fishingwellness, exercise & massagetennis, disc golf, pickleball & other land sportsmassageautumn adventuresdiningdining at migisindoor dininglakeside diningweddings & eventsweddings & events at migisweddingscouples' commentscorporate events & retreatsreservationsreservation information, rates & policiesreservation request2025 rates(207) 655-4524











cookie consent by popupsmart website

