

sageventure resources


































scout badge history, venturing, patch designing, world scout coins and more!
	  most of these web pages were the first of their type.  several of the pages have now been copied by others but still bring you unique material. 
	   i hope that what i have done helps you become more knowledgeable in scouting for the benefit of our youth.


quick links to popular pages


eagle scout resources
cub scout rank badges
venturing uniform
swastikas in scouting


venturing notebook

tips from the trenches
keeping informed
venturing uniform & patch placement
examples of venturing bylaws
venturing ceremonies
venturing super-activities

outdoor tips for female scouters
venturing conservation awards
venturing resource links

news from crews
history of venturing and venturing mentors
venturing magazine archives









bsa badge history

the eagle scout medals
the eagle badge  1924 - 2012
boy scout cloth rank badges  1913 - 1925
first class scoutmaster badges  1911 - 1969
scouting's first ranger award  1944 - 1949
did you know?  (various facts about scouting history)
        illustrated history of bsa square knot evolution and private issues by george crowl
        cub scout & den mother badges  1930 - 2010
silver outranks gold
national & private issue venturing badges
scout leader pins by george crowl
        die cut rank badges
commissioner badges  1911 - 2010
swastikas in scouting

the hiker's trading post

venturing square knots
private issue knots for support of international scouting
venturing patches
the hiker's patch blanket - patches that i designed
	    certificates for recognition - modified old scout certificates that are personalized
	    examples of certificates - requested certificates
	    pins, medals & buckles
unit numbers
uniform knots

world scout coins

centenary of scouting
	    year of the scout, 1982-1983
	    scout coins from various countries
	    miscellaneous coin items
	    coin collecting merit badges, 1938-present
	    good luck tokens (primarily good luck swastika tokens but includes excelsior scout tokens)
	    scout paper currency
	  
hiking patches
as a long time scouter who has enjoyed hiking, i have acquired many patches and am now making them available at discount prices.












the hiker's clip art   www.sageventure.com/clipartclip art that i have drawn or created and am making available to other scouters.
kodiak-bsa   www.sageventure.com/kodiak-bsa
      for over six years (2005-2011), i maintained the kodiak web site for bsa.  with the end of the venturing division, bsa was not interested in having the site maintained so the domain expired.  some of the interesting part of the site are still available on the above link.


navajo lodge 98   
      www.sageventure.com/navajo98
      with the splitting of old baldy council, navajo lodge is no longer but i am keeping the history that bill woodward maintained for the lodge.  the lodge web site was a 2004 noac honor site recipient.
      






often scouts and scouters like to have a special memory of a scouting award or training they have completed.  i have come across a very nice web site with scouting rings of all types:  eagle, venturing silver, wood badge, boy scouts and scouting pendants.  the rings come in all types of medals which make them affordable for all - www.joyjewelers.com/modules/boyscout/

over three and a half million page views on my web site since the beginning of 2004.
if you have a question or additional information, please feel free to email craig murray from my contact page.
information on my scouting background. 








