



home - interaction institute for social change : interaction institute for social change



































































									interaction institute for social change								











about
people
work with iisc
trainings
blog
donate
 




search









 





racial justice, deia & equity: what now? what’s next?


this black history month is a harder one than most. it’s a marker of a terrible moment when our president is calling for an end to racial justice and diversity, equity, inclusion, and accessibility programs. the stakes are high: hostile workplaces, preferences for jobs and opportunities to the elite, and an erasure of black, indigenous, and people of color history. this doesn’t have to happen on our watch. 

read blog by iisc president kelly frances bates >









build your collaborative capacity for social justice and racial equity:


										work with iisc									
our brilliantly skilled and gifted staff work with individuals, organizations, networks, and communities committed to collaborative, transformational, and long-term change for racial equity and social justice. >
										







upcoming training
an introduction to advancing racial justice in organizations



get the skills and tools you need to mobilize your colleagues for racial justice!

learn more...


go to trainings >
  								








pacing ourselves
the movement for justice is a marathon, not a sprint. in every meeting i... read more
go to blog >







quotable iisc
we’re facing attacks on racial equity, threats to democracy, contentious elections, wars, and the erosion of truth. against this backdrop, we explored how we can lead and facilitate meaningful conversations amidst multiple overlapping crises while maintaining our humanity. join us!


amy casso
senior associate

go to people >









we’re not done: a year-end message of resolve and action
in the weeks following the election, i was on the road all over the country, gathering with thousands of leaders, organizers, and funders. when i got on the plane to washington, dc on the day after the election, i felt... read more
go to blog >
















 follow on facebook
follow on linkedin
 









 










 






racial affinity group field guide
racial equity resources & referrals
network building resources



							© 2025 copyright interaction institute for social change.
						




 




