

homosassa manatee tours snorkeling swimming with manatees crystal river










































manatee tours 
| lodging |
rentals | 
boat rentals |
fishing guides |
restaurants



       

florida rv parks |
campgrounds








	   










              crystal river - homosassa - homosassa springs – citrus county




the 
              nature coast




			  1-352-445-2755





 this 
                  swim with a manatee site will help you find
              crystal river manatees and homosassa manatee tours. enjoy 
              swimming with manatees, diving or
              snorkeling with a manatee? call manatee tour and dive in 
              crystal river located on kings bay at toll free 888-732-2692 or in 
              citrus county at 352-795-1333. come and swim with a manatee today 
              or just ride the manatee tour and dive boat and take
              pictures of manatees. 





they also offer manatee information and 
              awareness courses on endangered manatees. crystal river and 
              homosassa springs are known as the home of the largest herd of 
              wintering manatees that enjoy the protection of the crystal river 
              national wildlife refuge. you are welcome to enjoy an awesome 
              experience by snorkeling with the manatees while observing 
              applicable regulations. we can arrange and book your adventure 
              with everything you need from equipment to experienced and 
              licensed manatee tour guides. 


 
 




  do you like to fish? homosassa, crystal 
              river, and yankeetown fl offer outstanding tarpon, redfish, 
              grouper and trout fishing. the nature coast and citrus county are 
              home to the homosassa river, crystal river and withlacoochee 
                  rivers.   both the crystal river and homosassa 
                  rivers are spring-fed and flow into the gulf to mexico. the 
                  grassy flats of crystal river are home to many species of 
                  fish. an angler can expect to catch redfish, speckled trout, 
                  cobia, spanish mackerel and many other species of fish. red 
                  fish are a regular inhabitant of the oyster bars as well as 
                  trout and other crustacean feeding species that like shrimp 
                  and crabs for dinner. 





the homosassa river in citrus 
                  county is a fishery of redfish and speckled trout that are 
                  abundant year round.  homosassa and homosassa springs are 
                  also home to the endangered west indian manatee during the 
                  winter months.  the homosassa river has a rocky limestone bottom and a 
              perfect habitat for fish to thrive in. lets go fishing. you can 
              hire
              fishing guides in crystal river, homosassa, yankeetown or go 
              fishing on your own. do not forget
              lake rousseau in
              citrus county,
              marion county and
              levy county. this
              central florida lake is a stumpy
              backwater fishing heaven. i myself have caught several nice 
              ones. you will find a list of fishing guides in crystal river and
              guided fishing for homosassa,
              homosassa springs,
              inglis, and yankeetown florida in the things to do section of 
              my swim with a manatee site.


  try a
              crystal river kayaking or homosassa canoeing trip on the 
              crystal clear waters of  the nature coast. some vendors offer 
              kayaks and canoes for sale but it is much easier to get a kayak or 
              canoe rental. the rainbow river is also a great place for canoeing 
              and kayaking. you may choose to go tubing and snorkeling down the 
              rainbow river or the withlacoochee rivers.
  for 
              the golf lover there are numerous challenging golf courses in 
              citrus, hernando, levy, marion and surrounding counties. these 
              golf courses include black diamond, the plantation inn and golf 
              resort, el diablo,
              rainbow springs golf course and country club and golden ocala 
              to name a few.
  you will 
              probably want to know where to find lodging while visiting 
              homosassa, crystal river and yankeetown florida. for
              lodging in crystal river try kings bay lodge it has a spring 
              fed swimming pool and a block or so away from manatee tour and 
              dive or the plantation inn golf resort and spa on fort island 
              trail. lake rousseau rv park and quail roost campground are close 
              by and the folks are also friendly.  for lodging in homosassa try 
              the natures resort rv park, turtle creek rv park, homosassa river 
              retreat, or manatee rv park. for
              lodging in yankeetown visit the pine lodge bed and breakfast. or go to ocala and 
              citra to take pictures of horses, lusitanos or even purchase a
              lusitano horse or
              horse farm for sale.
   
              for restaurants in crystal river try crackers bar grill and tiki, 
              or cravings on the water. they are both good
              crystal river waterfront restaurants and right on kings bay. 
              there are also a lot of fast food joints if you’re in a hurry or 
              you can go shopping for your own taste of citrus county and the 
              nature coast.  


   if you are 
              visiting crystal river, homosassa, homosassa springs, yankeetown, 
              inglis, cedar key, dunnellon, or ocala let us suggest some 
              activities for your pleasure. 





 


   if want to relocate or buy 
              crystal river florida homes for sale. locate
                  homosassa or
              crystal river real estate agents or brokers. get the crystal 
              river house values you deserve. gain access to all crystal river 
              listings, top crystal river realtors, new homes and foreclosures. 
              crystal river fl real estate services feature all crystal river 
              florida properties, waterfront homes, condominiums, golf course 
              communities, retirement communities, land, lots, property 
              management,
              crystal river rentals and acreage you at the right site. 


  if you want to purchase a homosassa 
              springs and homosassa florida home for sale or contact a homosassa 
              springs or
              homosassa real estate agent their information is here. find 
              homosassa springs and homosassa house values. get access to all 
              homosassa springs and homosassa listings, homosassa springs and 
              homosassa realtors, new homes and foreclosures. homosassa springs 
              and homosassa fl real estate services feature all homosassa 
              springs and homosassa florida properties, condos, waterfront 
              homes, golf course communities, retirement communities,
              real estate auctions seasonal rentals land, lots, and acreage. 
              we also have information on mortgages, insurance, relocation, 
              movers and other services for anyone wanting to sell a home or buy 
              a house in homosassa springs and homosassa, fl  
  
              with so much to offer we’re sure you can find a lot of different 
              things at these
              florida vacation spots. we are here to guide and answer any 
              questions you may have about
              crystal river, homosassa,
              yankeetown, inglis,
              cedar key,
              dunnellon,
              ocala, homosasssa springs,
              inverness and 
              the nature coast.
 









	  ocala fl horse farms homes for sale




      crystal river fishing guides fishing charters




      yankeetown fishing guides fishing charters



yankeetown dunnellon 
      crystal river towing


 homosassa 
	  beverly hills pawn shops


 







 



	   





	  homosassa manatee tours snorkel swim


 



  


1-352-445-2755


 



 
 
         
this site brought to you by:





[activities] [area 
      info] [beaches] [contact] 
      [events] [lodging] [parks]



[partners] [gallery] 
      [waterways] [real estate] 
      [shopping] [florida rv parks]




 

