




cancer imaging program (cip)















skip to content
























home | sitemap | contact cip



search this site











home
about cip

history of cip
staff directory
organizational structure


research funding

current funding opportunities
nci & nih funded research
nci & nih grants information
archived cip funding initiatives


programs & resources

quantitative imaging network 
program project (p01) grant development guidance
ind regulatory & manufacturing resources
the cancer imaging archive (tcia)
co-clinical imaging research resources program (cirp)
nci alliance for nanotechnology in cancer
cip ind directory
cip grant-supported networks
cancer imaging basics


clinical trials

clinical trials overview

clinical trial basics


resources for investigators

resources for nci-sponsored imaging trials
imaging guidelines
imaging response criteria


for clinical investigators

history of the nci clinical trials stewardship initiative
funding imaging-based clinical trials
clinical trial definitions and case studies
investigators new to clinical trials


for patients


informatics

cancer imaging informatics lab
the cancer imaging archive


news & events

workshops and meetings


webinars







the mission of the cancer imaging program, national cancer institute, is to promote and support:
    cancer-related basic, translational and clinical research in imaging sciences and technology, and integration and
    application of these imaging discoveries and developments to the understanding of cancer biology and to the clinical
    management of cancer and cancer risk. more >

programs & resources
program project (p01) grant development guidance for investigators interested in dctd research areas
the goal of this guidance is to help investigators navigate through the p01 (program project grant) pre-application process in the cancer research areas that dctd supports.
the cancer imaging archive
a large archive of medical images of cancer accessible for public use. images for imaging-genomics research and the
    lidc/idri collections are archived here.
co-clinical imaging research resources program (cirp)
nci-supported research resource network promoting quantitative imaging therapeutic or prevention co-clinical trials with patients and human-in-mouse models.
quantitative imaging for evaluation of responses to cancer therapies (qin)
cip-supported network promoting quantitative imaging methods.
cip ind directory
the cip ind directory is a centralized resource to facilitate the sharing of ind information
ind regulatory & manufacturing resources
tracer synthesis resources for investigational new drug applications (ind) imaging agents held by the cancer imaging program,
    including production documents and investigator’s brochures.
cancer imaging basics
cancer may be difficult to detect, but for some types of cancer, the earlier it is detected, the better are the chances of
	treating it effectively. imaging techniques — methods of producing pictures of the body — have become an important
	element of early detection for many cancers.
view all programs & resources






about the acting associate director
 
    	lalitha k. shankar, md, phd, joined nci in 2003, as an advisor to the associate director of the division of cancer treatment and diagnosis. she is the founding and current chief of the clinical trials branch at the cancer imaging program. her research interests have been both in the role of functional and molecular imaging in the diagnosis and treatment of cancer, as well as evaluating the performance characteristics of imaging modalities for optimal use in the management of the cancer patient.  
    	more…


news and announcements
imaging community webinar series (may 2024): affordable, interpretable and equitable ai for precision oncology
sbir contract topic #463: translation of novel cancer-specific imaging agents and techniques to mediate successful image-guided cancer interventions
par-25-079: academic-industrial partnerships (aip) to translate and validate in vivo imaging systems (r01 clinical trial optional)
major reorganization of csr imaging study sections
roadmap for medical imaging research and development, national science and technology council
the public cancer radiology imaging collections of the cancer imaging archive
view all


contact us
cancer imaging program
        national cancer institute
        division of cancer treatment and diagnosis
        9609 medical center drive
        bethesda, md 20892-9725
        delivery: rockville, md 20850
phone: 240-276-6510
        fax: 240-276-7890










cip home
contact cip
site map
accessibility
disclaimer policy
foia
hhs vulnerability disclosure


u.s. department of health and human services
national institutes of health
national cancer institute
usa.gov

nih… turning discovery into health®








