



moving insurance: purchase relocation coverage online


















our affiliates|self storage|affiliate login




			|       terms and conditions       |       news       |       about us       |       join our network       |
		












purchase insurance
quick quote



home
faqs
moving resources
insurance products
ask the expert




customer login
submit a claim



affiliate login


















 

 





moving insurance made easier
moving to a new home? congratulations! your move represents a new chapter in your life. to help that chapter begin on a positive note, we offer easy, affordable online moving insurance. 
moving insurance protects your goods in transit while in route to your new home, whether on the truck, or while in temporary storage. it’s important to insure your move because even the most careful moving companies encounter unexpected circumstances such as fire, motor vehicle accidents, theft, natural disasters and more. and as we are all aware, accidents do happen!
we offer coverage for in-state (intrastate), out of state (interstate) and international moves by land, air and water. while there are several policy options to choose from, we recommend all-risk moving insurance for the broadest, most robust coverage.
our insurance is designed to cover the current declared value of your belongings (less your chosen one-time deductible). this is vastly better protection than the "valuation" available through your moving company, which typically covers your load at a value of 60 cents a pound.
why should you choose movinginsurance.com? here are four good reasons:

your coverage is provided by an insurance agency licensed in all 50 states and underwritten by a world respected carrier with an "a" rating from a.m. best. we were the first company to offer online moving insurance, and we’re the most long-standing provider in the industry!
you can complete the entire insurance process online in just a few minutes. you'll appreciate the affordability of our moving insurance options.
you'll receive unparalleled customer service. we call every customer to answer questions and confirm insurance details to avoid any confusion. claims are quickly handled in-house by u.s. licensed claims adjusters.
any insurance policy you purchase from us, is guaranteed to protect your goods better than any other "coverage" or "valuation" that you can purchase directly from a moving company.

ready to get started? click here to purchase.





 most accidents occur when you least expect them or when you're not covered for them.
more...




certified affiliate program












proud member of:









 







privacy|terms and conditions|contact us|join our team|site map



		visit our moving insurance hub
		





© copyright moving insurance, llc 2003-2025.  all rights reserved.















