








webidz – your auction resource




























skip to content



webidz
your auction resource
menu and widgets






search for:



 







strategies for online auctions 

online auctions can be more unnerving than the traditional
version. there are more bidders. you do not get to see the bidders and hence
studying your competition with the potential of bluffing becomes more
difficult. online auctions can last longer so more time and effort is necessary
if you want to win and especially if you wish to emerge victorious time and
again. every successful bidder has a strategy. those who have been doing this
for a while have more than one strategy. every item up for auction and the
nature of bidding will demand a certain strategy. the same tactics may not work
all the time. regardless of the particulars or specific terms, here are some
proven strategies for winning online auctions. 
choose a maximum bid
at the crux of every strategy lies a maximum bid. you need to know your maximum bid even before you have placed your first bid. the maximum bid is obviously influenced by your budget or affordability, what you think the item is worth, the minimum bid as listed and the expected competition. the maximum bid is your threshold. you will not breach this regardless of what happens. most beginners may a mistake of not having a maximum bid or exceeding it, hoping that the competitors will stop bidding sooner or later. this may lead to an unnecessary inflation of the price. the item you may end up buying might not be worth the bid. the maximum bid has to be abided by at all times. even if you lose a bid by a few bucks, so be it as exceeding your maximum bid simply ushers in the possibility of continuous outbidding, even by a few cents each time, and you may end up paying much more than you had set out to. 
do not choose rounded bids
it is common for people to think in terms of rounded off
figures. the minimum bid may or may not be rounded off. do not worry about that
or what others are doing. you should always go for a bid that is random but
closest to the amounts you wish to put forth. if you have to bid ten dollars,
choose eleven cents more. you may bid ten dollars and nine cents or perhaps ten
dollars and seventy three cents. these cents increase your chances of winning.
rounded off bids are the easiest to beat. you could lose by a cent at many
auctions. when you go for more random figures that are close to your desired
bids, including the maximum you are willing to pay, they become harder to
outbid. 
avoid a minimum bid
simply avoid starting with the minimum bid. even if the
auction is expected to be unpopular and there may not be too many bidders, you
should always begin with a serious bid. placing a minimum bid is for amateurs
or those who are hoping to get lucky in the quaintest of ways. a minimum bid is
a waste of time and effort. it also shows that you are not a serious player.
competitors will know you are just looking for a steal and easily outmaneuver
you. place a serious bid and you will benefit in more ways than one. 
the moment you start with a serious bid, you will be
eliminating all those amateurs and noisemakers that simply end up creating a
bit of chaos at the outset. there will be too many bids at online auctions when
the minimum and its range are at play. scale a notch higher and the cacophony
will disappear. then you will be with serious bidders and can get on with your
strategy to win at online auctions. 
phase your bids
incremental bidding is essential. it is a standard practice.
every serious bidder increases bids in increments and is going to be wise about
the figures they choose. you should tread expectedly and unexpectedly with your
incremental bids. you must have a preferred approach to phasing the bids as per
your convenience, budget or maximum bid and how much you need the item. you can
start with a substantial bid, wait for others to place their bids and then
spring a surprise by escalating your bid by quite a bit. you can always
increase your bids nominally but it will only keep the progress in check and
many bidders will continue to be at play. 
you can also go slow and increase your bids marginally when
you want, even if others are expecting you to take a leap. you need to stay in
the game and outbid your competition. this means you have to keep bidding but
not necessarily comply with any expectation others may have. take a leap when
you want, play patiently when you want and stay firmly rooted when you are at
your max bid. this will put you in the driving seat. you cannot steer online
auctions as precisely as you want or even remotely as you expect in some cases.
however, you can definitely steer your own bidding. phase it accordingly. 
avoid frantic bidding
there are times when you will find your bid being outbid by
only a few cents. you may be tempted to increase your bid but hold your horses
at this stage. if there is enough time on the clock, wait and see how others
bid in a few minutes or over the next hour. you can always return and increase
your bid substantially. one such strike may deal a final blow to all your
competitors. frantic bidding draws too much attention. there may be some
bidders who simply wish to instigate you so you keep on increasing your bids by
a few cents each time and you end up paying much more than what you intended or
what you should have for the item. do not indulge in impulsive bidding. 
it is difficult for anyone to become a champion at online
auctions in a short span of time. exposure and hence experience is the key. you
will need to test your nerves. you must be familiar with how your competition
works in every distinct circumstance. practice and effective use of the
aforementioned strategies for winning online auctions will help you to improve
your game. 








				proudly powered by wordpress			









