

























hotel il guelfo bianco: your boutique hotel in the center of florence












































































 



























1
homepage


2
about us


3
location


4
rooms


5
desco bistrot


6
florence to go blog


7
photogallery


8
guestbook


9
hot deals florence


10
our webseries










									december and christmas in florence: shopping and culture								





									directions by car to florence hotel il guelfo bianco								





									outdoor walkings in florence								



 
 
 





homepage
about us
location
rooms
desco bistrot
florence to go blog
photogallery
guestbook
hot deals florence
our webseries








december and christmas in florence: shopping and culture



directions by car to florence hotel il guelfo bianco



outdoor walkings in florence



 
 
 








book now









												
								
						
																	en								
						
								
						
								
						
								
						
								
						
								
						
								
						
								
												

















menu
				



read our blog
contact us














g_translate
					
							
					
															en							
					
							
					
							
					
							
					
							
					
							
					
							
					
							
									


book now












italiano


français


deutsch


español


português


русский


繁體中文


日本語

close









welcoming hospitality in the heart of florence
receiving guests with a heartfelt welcome for over 25 years

rooms
location
bistro


prices & availability






your boutique hotel in the centre of florence
				

hotel il guelfo bianco is a boutique hotel in the center of florence. it is located in a carefully restored building dating back to the 15th century, where our professional, helpful staff welcomes our guests in an atmosphere that is both friendly and relaxed. our modern hotel amenities are perfectly combined with our collection of works of art, both contemporary and antique, making our hotel a very special place for your stay in florence.
the ideal position of our hotel located in the historical centre of florence, near the cathedral of santa maria del fiore, the accademia gallery and the central market of san lorenzo, allows you to easily walk to every tourist attraction and place of business in florence.










best benefits for our guests
a few steps from the accademia museum and piazza duomo
four different types of rooms
renovated and with fine parquet floors
additional discounts for reservations from 2 nights and more
15% discount for bookings with pre-payment
free cancellation up to 72 hours before arrival


book now!











our rooms








executive room









junior suite









apartment suite












single room









triple room









superior room











why should you choose hotel il guelfo bianco?





city center, away from the crowd







fresh buffet breakfast with fresh local products







friendly & helpful concierge







special discounts for long stays



book now







special offers for our hotel in florence 
packages and promotions to stay in florence












december and christmas in florence: shopping and culture

special offer: christmas in florence. all the tips about visiting florence in december, shopping and culture.








back to travel to florence

back to travel to florence! book direct hotel il guelfo bianco and take advantage of 15% discount plus our special rate that protect you from cancellation.








winter in florence: the best offers!

holidays in low season? florence awaits you for a convenient stay for every traveler! read more!








florence hotel offers | choose the tailor made offer for you

check all the hottest offers of our hotel in the center of florence: a wide range of promotions to satisfy all tastes!








best slow travel rates florence: easy florence

in a busy hit and run world, the ultimate luxury that can be granted is to enjoy a slow travel experience in florence with us!








special offer classic gourmet trip florence

a perfect combination of artistic beauty and good food that make it one of the most fascinating cities in the world.










discover all the offers to visit florence






guest reviews 





keyboard_arrow_left
keyboard_arrow_right









having stayed here before on a business trip, i decided to come back for a holiday. this is a lovely, small hotel. it is very friendly and superbly located, close to the accademia museum (statue of david), the duomo and all of the central attractions. the rooms are all unique and well maintained....
graham t
read more


having stayed here before on a business trip, i decided to come back for a holiday. this is a lovely, small hotel. it is very friendly and superbly located, close to the accademia museum (statue of david), the duomo and all of the central attractions. the rooms are all unique and well maintained. the air conditioning was vital! lovely buffet breakfast and very friendly, helpful staff. pre-arrival emails was a lovely touch. the hotel also arranged timed admission to the uffizi and accademia. within walking distance of the railway station.
graham t
read more






in researching our trip to italy, i found the il guelfo hotel. i read a few reviews and decided to try it. it is a smaller hotel but the rooms (at least the one we had) was quite large. actually, sometimes you see pictures of hotel rooms on line that are taken with a wide angle so they look bigger....
cyn17dy
read more


in researching our trip to italy, i found the il guelfo hotel. i read a few reviews and decided to try it. it is a smaller hotel but the rooms (at least the one we had) was quite large. actually, sometimes you see pictures of hotel rooms on line that are taken with a wide angle so they look bigger. that was not the case here at all. we had a king size bed, two sofas, night stands, a table a huge wardrobe and still plenty of room to move around. all members of the staff were very friendly and helpful. even before we left home i had emailed some questions. the replies were always prompt and answered my questions.the breakfast was fresh fruits, breads and yummy pastries. in addition to coffee fresh juices. it was very centrally located to most major sights - some five minutes or less. if you are visiting florence you can't go wrong by staying at the il guelfo.
cyn17dy
read more






we stayed at this hotel a number of times; the first time in the early nineties! over the years the quality and service, combined with great friendliness, have constantly improved. our recent stay was the best ever and the room was superb!
suskewiet kessel
read more


we stayed at this hotel a number of times; the first time in the early nineties! over the years the quality and service, combined with great friendliness, have constantly improved. our recent stay was the best ever and the room was superb!
suskewiet kessel
read more








see more customers reviews















sign up for ournewsletter


i have read the privacy policy and give my consent to the processing of data for the indicated purposes

send



 






















via cavour 29 - firenze, italy
tel: 0039.055.288330 - fax: 0039.055.295203
email: info@ilguelfobianco.it 





gds hotel codes


          amadeus : yxflr286
        

          sabre : yx45787
        

          galileo/apollo : yx5524
        

          worldspan : yx28600
        

          pegs ads : yx38203
        

          travelweb : yx38203
        















florence as a local
events in florence
florence for foodies
guelfo bianco hotel
il nostro team







member of




certification






services










created by webj



partita iva: 03897890483
r.e.a: fi 398619
privacy
newsletter privacy
cookie policy
sitemap



















manage cookie consent






to provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique ids on this site. not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions.





functional



functional

								always active							






the technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.





preferences


preferences







the technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.





statistics


statistics







the technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.
the technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your internet service provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.





marketing


marketing







the technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.





manage options
manage services
manage vendors
read more about these purposes



accept
deny
view preferences
save preferences
view preferences


{title}
{title}
{title}



manage consent
















