









monkey do design & development
























monkey do design & development
do we build standards-based front ends?unlike others, we never stopped.


monkey do builds publishing systems.
we use standard, accessible tech to build sites with customized workflows that look beautiful on any device.


monkey do designs for the web.
we create layouts, identities, design systems, iconography, illustrations, and photo treatments that help bring your message to your audience.




some of our work
our portfolio includes projects for startups, non-profits, small businesses, and corporate clients.






trivet recipes
a recipe-sharing site for bloggers and home cooks to share and collect recipes from all over the web. fully custom css and html, built on expressionengine with spoonacular api integration.

trivet recipes






type network
a mainstay of the font world, font bureau hired monkey do to help bring a significant new font marketplace to life. type network is a collection of many of the best independent type designers in the world, with e-commerce running on django (by the spry group), and editorial content running on a customized expressionengine-based cms, designed and implemented by monkey do. 

type network






web at 25
working for the organization that oversees the development of the world wide web, the w3c, we provided a platform to celebrate the 25th anniversary or the web. built on expressionengine, and fully responsive, the site will promote events throughout the year, and features birthday greetings from around the world.







been
a social bookmarking and browsing startup, monkey do designed been's identity, portal site, as well as their elaborate browser add-on.







a list apart
a bold new identity, design, and expressionengine-based workflow for the long-standing publication for people who make websites.

view site






an event apart
monkey do provided a responsive design and customized cms workflow for the popular conference for web professionals.







world science festival
design, html5, and custom cms work for the 2011 world science festival site, featuring event calendars, speaker bios, and an integrated video library of past events.







economonitor
monkey do provided design, html5, and wordpress integration for this new financial blogging network launched by roubini global economics.







visualizing.org
a new design for visualizing.org, a clearinghouse for visualizing scientific data by students and professionals.







advancing human rights
a new site design and cms installation for this non-profit rights advocacy group.







scientific american
monkey do worked with happy cog, roger black, and the scientific american team to coordinate a site redesign with a redesign of the print magazine.







seed magazine
a comprehensive redesign of seedmagazine.com, focused on readability and flexibility of content types.






additional work
special content packages, original web applications, and more.






got a few minutes?
a small monkey do project to provide useful alternatives to the usual time-wasting distractions on the internet, as a technical exploration of responsive design and social login.







edible city
a monkey do project designed to track daily food truck locations in new york city. built using the google maps api and html5 to provide both mobile and desktop experiences using the same codebase.







scienceblogs
monkey do designed and developed this platform for multiple science bloggers and helped it grow from a handful of bloggers to over 80.







global reset
the final print issue of seed magazine was a special issue designed by monkey do.

view photos






seed slideshow
a full-screen html5 immersive slideshow framework for seedmagazine.com, featuring optional audio integration.







seed salon
video interviews featuring scientists and artists discussing the intersection of the two disciplines.







workbench
a seed magazine interactive feature highlighting the desks of various scientists and scientific luminaries.







a place for science
an interactive seed mapping feature showing where science happens around the world.







the state of science
a special seed editorial package focused on the current drivers in science in 2008.







cooper square
monkey do provided design assets for this 2009 redesign of coopersquare realty, a real-estate and property management firm in nyc.







comfort realty
a 2008 redesign for this nyc-based commercial real estate broker.







vda: elevator consultants
built in partnership with c&g partners, vda needed a site that manages a portfolio of 20,000 construction projects, allowing potential clients to filter and search based on location, equipment used, and project type.





about monkey do
we are a two-person, full-stack team based in new york city.


tim murtaugh
code / integration / user experience
tim has been building web sites since 1997 and specializes in delivering standards-based html5/css templates. his eye for design and serious affinity for clean code allow him to painlessly integrate his templates into larger systems without sacrificing user experience or aesthetics.
tim started in the non-profit world, moved on to start-ups, shifted to an agency, upgraded to publishing, and from thence: monkey do.

twitter: murtaugh
github: murtaugh / gists


mike pick
design / user experience / code
mike approaches web design from the perspective of both art director and front-end developer. he primarily creates clean and concise design systems for websites, but is also known to get his hands dirty with flash, html/css, and javascript development.
over the years he has worked as a cog in a large agency, an in-house art director, and a humble freelancer, and has picked up a few awards along the way. he holds a bd in communication design from nscad in halifax, nova scotia.

twitter: mikepick
dribbble: mikepick


the monkey do blog
the case for platform independence
letting go of defensive web development
welcome to the future, little web site
the days of wine and covid
the easiest form-to-email setup
all posts

contact us
contact@monkeydo.biz
@monkeydobiz





© copyright monkey do llc 2023. all rights reserved.
our blog
typeface: vaud by wordshape
cms: expressionengine
we use and recommend dreamhost for affordable yet powerful web hosting.



home






close








