


napa valley real estate, homes for sale in napa valley, california



























jocelyne monello
realtor, crs, gri, recs
(707) 224-8281
"heritage sotheby's international realty"
email: jmonello@gmail.com 













heritage sotheby's international realty
780 trancas street
napa, ca 94558

direct: 707-224-8281
fax: 707-251-8362
each office is independently ownedand operated











napa valley real estate
homes, land and estate properties
for sale in the napa valley

www.move2napavalley.com






watch jocelyne's video

welcome to the  napa valley real estate  website, offering detailed property listings with photos and virtual tours of napa valley homes,   land,  and estate properties for sale. search leisurely for your dream home, land or estate property in the napa valley. jocelyne can help make your move to the napa valley an enjoyable experience. formerly associated with re/max, jocelyne was re/max napa valley's top producer from 1996 to 2006, re/max chairman's club, platinum club and hall of fame member, among top 100 re/max agents in california and hawaii.

the napa valley has much to offer as a world-class destination to visit and as a wonderful place to live.  improvements such as widening the napa river and expanding the highway 29 / trancas intersection have modernized the structure of the valley.  in addition, the renovation of the napa valley opera house provides new forums for intellectual, artistic, cultural, and gastronomic adventures.

homes for sale in the napa valley in california, and real estate in general, continue to both appreciate and to become available.  if you would like to know more, please contact me, your agent for real estate here in napa, california.  there are many real estate options in the napa valley including homes, condos, and land.  there are also great choices to be found on the waterfront and at the silverado country club.




www.move2napavalley.com - your source for napa valley real estate and homes for sale in the napa valley, california
copyright © jocelyne monello, 1998 -



site map.  contact webmaster if you encounter any problems viewing this site.


