



india today group: india today, business today, aaj tak, care
    today, mail today, cosmopolitan, reader's digest, india today conclave











































career    we are hiring!



































aajtak
aajtak hd
india today television
good news today
ishq 104.8 fm




india today media institute
vasant valley school
thomson press 
care today 












 










websites

websites



 indiatoday.in
aajtak.in 
businesstoday.in
cosmopolitan.in 
dailyo.in 
ichowk.in 
thelallantop.com 
oddnaari.in
pakwangali.in
sosorry.in 
bangla.aajtak.in






digital first channels
digital first channels


astro tak
bharat tak
bihar tak
biz tak
crime tak
dillitak
duniyatak
fit tak
gujarat tak
life tak
mp tak
mumbai tak
news tak
punjab tak
rajasthan tak
sahitya tak
sports tak
up tak






events
events


india today conclave
sahitya aaj tak
agenda aaj tak
india today safaigiri summit & awards
business today mindrush
india today mind rocks youth summit
business today most powerful women awards




















india today (english)





highlights of india today-6th february 2023 issue. nine years into his prime ministership, his aura remains undiminished, come price rise or the lack of jobs. the bjp is in pole position to win a record third term in 2024.




read now
subscribe




 



















india today (hindi)






देश का मिज़ाज़ 2023 - हर तरफ मोदीः बतौर प्रधानमंत्री नौ साल बिता चुके मोदी का जलवा, बढ़ती महंगाई और बेरोजगारी के बावजूद कायम है. भाजपा 2024 में रिकॉर्ड तीसरी जीत की ओर बढ़ती नजर आती है  




read now
subscribe




 



















business today






india’s banks have performed well amidst global headwinds, inflation and rising interest rates but as they step on the accelerator, the lenders have to tread carefully since the challenges are not over yet. in the latest issue of bt, we present the bt-kpmg best banks and fintechs survey 2021-22 that takes stock of their performance and shines a light on how banks are now r...




read now
subscribe




 



















auto today





the new year starts on a high for the indian automotive industry with the return of the auto expo and our comprehensive 20-page guide gives you the low down on the hottest cars and motorcycles that will be making an appearance at the event in greater noida. in our top story, we've got details on the upcoming all-electric version of the citroen c3, which will become one of the m...




read now
subscribe




 



















cosmopolitan





cosmopolitan india september-october 2022 issue highlights: the 26th anniversary special features 13 coverstars from different walks of life. actors swara bhasker, neha dhupia and sameera reddy, lgbtqia+ activist sushant divgikr, sexual health educators tanya narendra and leeza mangaldas, and 14-year-old 'princess of the slums' aka model maleesha kharwa, among many others talk about re-writing staid rules and carving their niche. the issue also boasts a special feature where 37 people question traditional norms of the society and what they did to preserve their individuality; iconic make-up looks that have stood the test of time; 26 bold celeb fashion moments that will stay with you, and more. also inside: an exclusive interview with actor priyanka chopra on the launch of her haircare brand in india and the numerous roles she juggles in her life.




read now
subscribe




 



















reader's digest





start the new year right with heartwarming, awe-inspiring and straight-up happy-making reasons to smile from around the world.








read now
subscribe



 



















harper's bazaar





the september issue of harper’s bazaar india—the icons issue—is a dedication to the creators and disruptors of our times, and actor florence pugh graces the cover. florence, who has spoken up for women’s rights to celebrate their bodies and challenge the patriarchy, is joined by 20 more young icons, all 30 years of age or younger, who have shaken up the status quo—model and beauty entrepreneur hailey beiber, rapper saweetie, youtuber and podcast host emma chamberlain, poet amanda gorman, actor and model india moore, musician bad bunny, and rapper jack harlow, to name a few.






 






read now
subscribe




















brides today 





highlights of brides today magazine january-february-march 2022 actor taapsee pannu graces the cover of brides today this season.





 





 






read now
subscribe




















robb report india 





time to shine





 






 






read now

























about
                  us



subscription



privacy
                policy 

contact
                us

terms and conditions

advertise with us












 ×





