




   careers at ohio state - human resources at ohio state
























































skip to main content




ohio state navigation bar








show links


map
buckeyelink
webmail
search ohio state











human resources





policies & forms
hr directory
calendar
hr news




search this site

submit search

















careers at ohio state



onboarding resources
onboarding resources menu






new employees


leaders of new employees


people leaders


new student employees










current employees
current employees menu







benefits
benefits menu



benefit plan rates
medical benefits
health reimbursement account (hra)
retirement benefits
tuition assistance
paid time off and leave options
view all benefits







life events
life events menu



birth and adoption
gain or loss of coverage
leaves of absence
leaving ohio state
marital status change
preparing to retire
view all life events







hr services
hr services menu



background checks
compensation
disability benefits and leave services
employee and labor relations
employment verification
form i-9 & e-verify
professional development resources
view all hr services







payroll services
payroll services menu



direct deposit
my paycheck
pay period and holiday schedules
tax information
payroll services home







awards and events
awards and events menu



distinguished diversity enhancement awards
distinguished staff awards
faculty and staff retirement recognition
faculty and staff service recognition
faculty and staff appreciation week
university faculty awards






student employees










hr professionals
hr professionals menu







recruitment, hiring and onboarding
recruitment, hiring and onboarding menu



background checks and fingerprinting
creating a position description
form i-9 and e-verify
job classifications / title deck
recruitment process resources
relocation







benefits
benefits menu



benefit composite rates
benefit plan rates
benefits eligibility
gain or loss of coverage
service date calculator
view all benefits







compensation
compensation menu



merit process
compensation tools
job classifications / title deck
competitive compensation







separation and retirement
separation and retirement menu



leaving ohio state
preparing to retire
distributions, transfers and rollovers







hr tools and resources
hr tools and resources menu



administrative resource center (arc)
hr connection
hr statistics and reports
workday













hr help

policies & forms
hr directory
calendar
hr news
search hr






   careers at ohio state - human resources at ohio state




be a part of creating solutions people need now.





join ohio state’s community.together, we’ll create meaningful impact at a scale few others can match.




take your next step...





…if you are interested in joining ohio state


												if you are not currently employed by ohio state, search for jobs and apply by creating a new account or signing into your current applicant account.											


search jobs(opens in new window)







…if you are a current employee or student


												current employees and students enrolled at ohio state should log into your workday account to view and apply for positions.											


search jobs(opens in new window)




review these faqs if you have questions while applying.
job spotlight: ohio state offers a wide range of impactful, purpose-driven roles. if you are interested in some of our critical-need roles, search for terms landscape, security or dining when looking for jobs.




explore our extensive benefits
ohio state provides access to a depth and breadth of opportunities and resources. starting your first day, ohio state offers you a comprehensive benefits package.


work-life: flexible and remote work arrangement opportunities where applicable, childcare program, and access to educational, athletic and cultural events.
retirement: state pension and alternative options with competitive employer contributions, as well as optional supplemental plans.
health: medical, dental, vision and prescription coverage, life insurance, flexible spending accounts and wellness programming.


time off: paid vacation and sick time, parental and medical leave plus 11 paid holidays. short and long-term disability options also available.
financial: tuition assistance for employees and their dependents, adoption assistance and discounts with preferred vendors and university partners.
wellness: lifestyle spending account, employee assistance program, health reimbursement account, and employee wellness program.






connect people, ideas and resources
the future is not only what you dream about; it’s what you create. buckeyes are advancing excellence and inspiring people to join in and take action.







empower people to learn and grow.



													the diversity of our community is a defining characteristic and an essential source of institutional strength.												








collaborate, contribute and get involved.



													we live our shared values to advance our core work of teaching, learning, research and service.												








many campuses. one ohio state.



													ohio state’s campuses provide enriching educational experiences, and the 88 ohio state extension offices contribute to communities in every ohio county.												








make columbus home.



													the columbus campus is located in ohio’s capital city, which is the fastest-growing city in the state and one that invites and embraces cultural and economic diversity.												







lead with purpose
buckeyes put knowledge into practice and create meaningful impact on a scale few can match.





how $125 can improve your well-being and bring joy  


												with uses as varied as our employees are diverse, ohio state’s lifestyle spending account (lsa) reimburses a wide range of activities and items to help bring joy and alleviate stress – like pet adoption, dance classes, car repairs, marathons, emergency child care, and so much more.											


read more about getting the most from your lifestyle spending account









a fresh start: nabil shehata creates new beginnings at ohio state


												when nabil shehata immigrated to america with hopes of creating new opportunities for his family, there was only one university that supported him when he faced challenges in how his prior degree transferred – ohio state.											


read more about nabil shehata's story









hr staff recognized for embodying ohio state’s shared values


												five exceptional hr professionals have been honored with a 2024 human resources excellence award for their outstanding achievements and demonstration of the university’s shared values. congratulations to the award recipients!											


read more about the recognized hr staff








to build a diverse workforce, the ohio state university encourages applications from all individuals. ohio state is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer. all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability status, or protected veteran status.
screen reader users will encounter difficulty with the workday job application site. for assistance with applying, please contact hrconnection@osu.edu or 614-247-myhr (6947).







quick links

about hr
career roadmap
required notices
buckeyes for charity
osura



hr connection hours
office: 8 a.m. to 5 p.m.
phone: 8 a.m. to 5 p.m.
drop box: 7 a.m. to 5 p.m.
hrconnection.osu.edu


background check hours
9-11 a.m. and 1-4 p.m.
fingerprinting by appointment only
hr‐backgroundchecks@osu.edu
background check information


human resources
1590 north high st., suite 300
columbus, oh 43201-2190
(614) 247-myhr (6947)
hrconnection@osu.edu







human resources
1590 north high st., suite 300
columbus, oh 43201-2190

hr connection: hrconnection.osu.edu
phone: (614) 247-myhr (6947)
fax: (614) 292-7813
email: hrconnection@osu.edu






ohio state facebook profile — external





ohio state instagram profile — external





ohio state careers x profile — external





ohio state linkedin profile — external





ohio state human resources youtube profile — external






if you have a disability and experience difficulty accessing this site, please contact us for assistance via email at hrconnection@osu.edu or by phone at 614-247-6947.

privacy statement
nondiscrimination notice
cookie settings

© 2025 the ohio state university














