



masterbath warranty




































hamburger




close








american woodmark




american woodmark










our story


leadership


locations


corporate responsibility


fast facts


articles




brands


investors


stock info


press releases


events & presentations


financial reporting


governance documents


investor contact us




careers


current openings


early career opportunities




privacy policy


privacy notice for california employees


privacy notice for california job applicants


search results 


terms of use


unsubscribe








explore careers




resources










search




close








submit
























product warranty




american woodmark has taken over warranty claims on this product.




what does the warranty cover?
rsi home products, inc. (“rsi”) warrants its parts and products to be free of substantial defects in materials and workmanship from the original date of purchase under normal home use. this warranty is offered only to the original consumer purchaser and may not be transferred.




how long does the warranty last?
coverage for all vanity cabinets, fixed cabinets, drawer banks, bath storage cabinets, linen cabinets and hutch lasts for the life of the product. coverage for mirror and accessories lasts for 5 years from the original date of purchase.




what will rsi home products do under the warranty?
during the warranty period, rsi, at its option, will repair or replace any part or product that proves to have substantial defects in materials or workmanship, or rsi will provide an equivalent replacement product. in keeping with our policy of continuous product improvement, rsi reserves the right to change specifications in design and materials without notice and with no obligation to retrofit products we previously manufactured.




how does each state law apply?
this warranty gives you specific legal rights, and you may also have other rights that vary from state to state.




are there any implied warranties?
rsi disclaims any implied warranty of merchantability, and there are no warranties that extend beyond the descriptions on the face hereof. to the extent that such disclaimer is not valid under applicable law, any implied warranty shall be coextensive in duration with this warranty.




what are the limitations on wood, aging and printing?
because of the varying natural characteristics of wood and the effects of aging, product shown in displays and/or printed materials will not be an exact match to new cabinetry you will receive. depending on the wood characteristics, the age of a sample or display and the environment of the showroom, samples will show some degree of variation from new product. in addition, you should not expect all doors, drawer fronts, trim or molding to match exactly in either finish or grain. variation in wood is normal and unavoidable. in addition, it is not possible to exactly match our colors in printed materials. therefore, you should view the actual samples when making your color selection.




what doesn’t this warranty cover?
this warranty does not cover any problems or damage which result from improper transportation, improper installation, mishandling, misuse, abuse, neglect, abnormal use, commercial use, improper maintenance, non-rsi repairs, accidents, or acts of god, such as hurricanes, fires, earthquakes or floods.
this warranty and any applicable implied warranties do not cover incidental or consequential damages arising from any defects in the product, such as labor charges for installation or removal of the product or any associated products. this warranty does not cover defects or damage caused by normal wear and tear, alterations, environmental conditions, humidity absorption, or mold. in addition, variations in wood grain, finish color, aging or other natural wood and stain characteristics are not considered defects and are not covered by this warranty. some states do not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you.




how do i obtain warranty service?
if you need replacement parts or would like to make a warranty claim, please contact our customer service representatives via fax, 714.449.2222 or telephone, 888.829.1140. all warranty claims must include the model number of the product, copy of the original receipt and the nature of the problem. in addition, rsi may, at its discretion require inspection, of the installation site or authorize the prepaid return of the claimed defective part. merchandise not pre-approved for return will not be accepted and the associated claim not accepted.

















our story
brands
investors
careers




resources
installation guides
faqs
warranty




contact us


































© 2024 american woodmark corporation. all rights reserved.




ethics hotline
privacy policy
terms of use
do not sell my information
cookie preferences














