









home - europe express



















 


 














































	working exclusively with travel advisors


















						group travel
					

						800-565-7236
					



						fit travel
					

						800-927-3876
					







								group travel
							

		
		
		
		
			800-565-7236

		
		
		
			



								fit travel
							

		
		
		
		
			800-927-3876

		
		
		
			






				advisor login
			







































		
		
		
		
			login

		
		
		
			


			forgot password?
		

			sign up
		























?
				
					search for options in a city by entering its name, for example: barcelona. you could also search walking tour or wine tour for themed experiences in any destination.
				




destinations

austria
belgium
croatia
czech republic
denmark
england
finland
france
germany
greece
hungary
iceland
ireland
italy
netherlands
northern ireland
norway
poland
portugal
scotland
slovakia
slovenia
spain
sweden
switzerland
türkiye
wales


registration
travel services

fit travel
group travel
custom services
sightseeing & activities
suggested itineraries
travel protection


travel blog
about us

traveler health & safety
sustainability plan
leadership team
sales team
careers
contact us


payments



 









press enter to search
?
					
						search for options in a city by entering its name, for example: barcelona. you could also search walking tour or wine tour for themed experiences in any destination.
					



		
		
		
		
			close
			x






        there are new requirements coming for non-european travelers visiting europe. to learn more about the electronic travel authorization (eta) starting january 8, 2025, for visitors without a visa or other uk immigration status, click here. for more information on the entry/exit system (ees) or etias, click here.
    




















						plan your client's dream honeymoon
					

						we’ve got tips from our europe specialists!
					


read more




custom fit and group travel to europe
europe express specializes in providing high-quality, affordable travel to europe, exclusively to travel advisors. we create customized itineraries at competitive prices for all of your needs including air, hotel/villa, rail and car rental, as well as sightseeing and pre/post cruise packages. our goal is to provide competitive pricing, fast and efficient service, and a seamless experience for travelers. agencies working with europe express can complete a booking quickly and easily.learn more





 


						highlights of croatia: history, culture, and natural wonders
					





		11 days
	


 places: 


	dubrovnik


	split


	zagreb




experience the best of croatia in 11 days, with stays in dubrovnik, split, and zagreb, exploring the country’s rich history with iconic cultural tours that unearth the natural beauty and character of this eastern european country.


		
		
		
		
			view itinerary

		
		
		
			





 


						a romantic journey through italy
					





		15 days
	


 places: 


	milan


	venice


	florence


	rome


	sorrento




from the canals of venice to the rugged beauty of cinque terre, this 15-day romantic journey takes travelers through italy’s most iconic destinations, ending with a stunning boat tour of the amalfi coast and blue grotto.


		
		
		
		
			view itinerary

		
		
		
			





 


						to france, with love: a romantic journey from paris to the riviera
					





		13 days
	


 places: 


	paris


	lyon


	avignon


	nice




embark on a spellbinding romantic journey through france, from the twilight magic of paris to the luxurious allure of monaco, with enchanting experiences including a private eiffel tower dinner, opulent versailles, and the picturesque mediterranean charm of nice and eze.


		
		
		
		
			view itinerary

		
		
		
			















					register with us
				








					fit travel
				








					group travel
				








					suggested itineraries
				








 



 








			our partners
		





















			what our advisors say
		









					i want to thank everyone involved for the most awesome vacation! the food, the culture, the history, the art, the architecture…everything was amazing and so seamless. all of the transportation, the transfer agents, the guides, the hotels and their staff—so friendly and helpful. as you can tell, we all had an amazing time. i am bragging about you and your company and the services you provide!
				



diplomat travel









					i used the agent booking engine to book a trip from chicago to iceland for a group of seven women traveling together to celebrate their 50th birthdays. everything worked out smoothly and they were so delighted with all components of the trip. booking was simple and whenever i needed assistance i called the toll-free number and each representative was very helpful and professional. i will definitely use europe express for future bookings to europe!
				



conlin travel









					my clients had an amazing vacation. they traveled from boston to greece and then london. from start to finish the entire trip went smoothly. hotels in santorini and mykonos were amazing, as was their hotel in london. transfers to/from airports, hotels, and ferry were perfect!
				



blue skies travel









					if you are a travel agent and have not checked out europe express, you should do so. fantastic service and my clients are so excited for their trip to italy in the fall with amazing hotels and tours. thank you europe express for making my job easier.
				



jzw travel










 



 











proud member of

   


connect with us


























sign-up for our newsletter!





























sign up




data protection

all details provided by you will be held by eefc, inc., trading as europe express, and used in accordance with our privacy notice.
we may from time to time contact you by email with further information on the latest travel updates, brochures, products or services which we believe may be of interest to you,
you can request not to receive these communications at any time by contacting us or following the unsubscribe instructions in our emails.
by clicking ‘submit’ you confirm that you have read and understood our privacy notice and consent to our use of your information.
				


thank you for signing-up.









privacy policy
cookies policy
website terms of use
contact us



© copyright 2025 europe express


















