








 the museums of the arroyo




































the museums of the arroyo


the gamble house
heritage square
the los angeles police museum
lummis home
pasadena museum of history
the los angeles police museum
getting here
shuttle/parking map
highland park walking map
 







free and fun!




mota day is back in-person for 2024! join the celebration at five area museums for a day of family fun, historical explorations and architectural discoveries. for more than 30 years, the museums of the arroyo have welcomed guests for a free day with special programming. mark your calendars and meet your neighbors on may 5 for mota day 2024.  
 




about mota day 
celebrating a diverse mix of art, architecture and history of the arroyo seco area, mota day features five unique history-based museums that preserve and perpetuate early los angeles life.  the public can visit one or all of the museums during the day at no charge.
mota museum participants for 2024 include: the gamble house, heritage square museum, the los angeles police museum, the lummis home and garden and the pasadena museum of history.  in addition to its ongoing regular displays and exhibits, each museum will feature a distinctive slice of southern california history.
for more information on the 34th annual mota day, please join the fun on facebook by becoming a fan.  to inquire about unique sponsorship of this year's mota day, please contact your nearest mota day museum.
media contact:
brenda rees
brenda (at) brendarees (dot) com




about



about mota day
celebrating a diverse mix of art, architecture and history of the arroyo seco area, mota day features five unique history-based museums that preserve and perpetuate early los angeles life.  the public can visit one or all of the museums during the day at no charge. mota museum participants for 2024 include the gamble house, heritage […]


tweet













it’s fun, free and only one day a year!
join us for museums of the arroyo day on sunday, may 5, 2024, when five museums in los angeles and pasadena open their doors — free of charge — from noon to 5 p.m. with last museum entrance at 4p.m. each year, thousands of angelinos have experienced the diverse mix of art, architecture and history […]


tweet















join the fun!




 >download our highland park walking mapdownload our parking and shuttle information sheet




















copyright 2025 the museums of the arroyo · rss feed · log in












