

home | beavercreek city schools














































































skip to contentdistrict homefinancesmaster facilities plancommunity bulletin boardlivestreamssafer ohio tip linesearch sitebeavercreek city schoolsinspiring and empowering tomorrow's leadersdistrict homefinancesmaster facilities plancommunity bulletin boardlivestreamssafer ohio tip linesearch siteexploreexploreschoolstranslateexploreschoolstranslateabout us show submenu for about usabout us2024-2025 back to school informationattendance area mapsboard of educationbond faqcharacter educationcommunity bulletin boardcontact usdelay, closing, early dismissal infodigital safetyfinancesinstructional media centersjoin community groupslegal notificationsmaster facility plan - nov. 2024 bond issueonline resource public libraryoverviewparentsquarerecords requestschool safetyschool year calendarsstrategic planwelcomeyondr pouchesvideosdepartments show submenu for departmentsdepartmentsbusiness servicesbuildings & groundscommunicationscurriculumhuman resourcesnurses/clinicspecial servicesstudent nutritionstudent registrationstudent servicessuperintendenttechnologytransportationtreasurerfor parents show submenu for for parentsfor parents2024-2025 back to school informationcheck gradeschromebook/ipad infocommunity chats w/superintendentcreek safeformsmilitary family resourcesohio safer schools tip lineoneviewonline learning hubparent communications guideparentsquareparent quick linkspay feespay schools - lunch feesrequest for intra-district transfer of schoolschool year calendarssummer schoolvolunteer informationwho do i contact?yondr pouchesfor students show submenu for for studentsfor students2024-2025 back to school information2024-2025 school supply listsacceptable use policybreakfast and lunch menuschromebook - ipad handbookget involvednaviance student loginparentsquarephoto galleriessafer ohio school tip linestudent data privacystudent handbooksyondr pouchesparent quick linksparent quick linksmore show submenu for skip galleryimportant announcementsclick here for a list of upcoming bond issue forumsfebruary 17: presidents' day, no school (all offices closed)february 24: community chat @beavercreek library 2:00-3:00 p.m.february 27: bond issue community forum @main elementary 6:00-7:30 p.m.save the datebeavercreek family fun day: may 4, 2025end of gallerybond faqcreek e-newsone view parent portalnew student registrationprogress bookathleticspay feesbreakfast and lunch menusbond & electioninformationcommunity forumslet’s talk about the bond issue!february 4, 2025: trebein | 6:00 - 7:30 p.m.february 27, 2025: main | 6:00 - 7:30 p.m.march 13, 2025: valley | 6:00 - 7:30 p.m.april 1, 2025: fairbrook | 6:00 - 7:30 p.m.april 3, 2025: parkwood | 6:00 - 7:30 p.m.april 15, 2025: shaw | 6:00 - 7:30 p.m.please note that each of these forums will contain the same content.childcare available at each forum locationbcs bond community forumsmaster facilities planningbcs bond faqvoteohio.govabsentee ballotpolling locationsstaffspotlightmeet kathy rutledge, a dedicated third-grade teacher who has been making a difference at valley elementary for the past 10 years! kathy was inspired to pursue a career in education by her own third-grade teacher, who created a safe and caring space for students. meet jd crawford, a special needs assistant at coy middle school who has dedicated 11 years to making a difference in our district!🎓 as a proud bhs class of 1998 alum, jd’s passion for working with students began in high school. author namemegan rawlins has been making a difference in beavercreek city schools for 10 years as an intervention specialist. she’s driven by her passion for helping others and guiding individuals toward success, which has always been her dream.with 22 years of dedication to beavercreek schools, susan has impacted countless students and families. she serves as a bus driver for the transportation department and a lunch monitor at ankeney middle school, bringing care and positivity to both roles.this is bailee's second year in beavercreek, and she describes joining our district as "the best decision i ever made!" as the behavior support teacher for 1st and 2nd grade at valley elementary, bailee brings a wealth of experience and passion to her role.cheryl has been a valued member of our district for 9 years, working in the main elementary front office. while she’s not a bhs alum, her entire family is! her husband and all four of her children are proud beavercreek high school graduates or current students.meet mr. loper, a 3rd/4th-grade teacher at trebeinelementary who has been making a difference in beavercreek schools for 22 years! 🧡🖤donna magnotta, administrative assistant to superintendent otten, has been a dedicated member of beavercreek schools for 19 years. as a proud alum from the class of 1981, she was inspired to pursue a career here because of her roots in this community...this week, we’re excited to feature kelly hancock, an intensive needs intervention specialist at beavercreek high school. kelly has been making a difference in the district for 9 years!meet nick ritter, affectionately known as one of our "amazing bus surgeons," as board president jo ann rigano says! for over 27 years, nick has been the heart and hands behind our buses!say hello to raidyn johnson, our dedicated 6th and 8th-grade math teacher at coy middle school!a beavercreek high school alum (class of 2018), raidyn knew early on that she wanted to be a teacher, inspired by her role as an older sister to maddox and storm. 🌟 staff highlight: meet miranda kidd! 🌟miranda has been inspiring young minds for 17 years as a dedicated 1st-grade teacher at main elementary! her teaching journey began with a surprising twist—she originally planned to be a marine biologist. meet jeffery shaw, our dedicated head custodian at fairbrook elementary, where he’s been making a difference for the past 8 years. jeffery values the team atmosphere and the lasting friendships he’s built while working in our district.meet cody smith, a first-year 7th grade health and pe teacher in our district! 🎉 cody was inspired to pursue a career in education by the coaches who made a difference in his life, many of whom were pe teachers. meet nikki girard, one of our amazing bus drivers in the transportation department! nikki has been driving buses in the district for 18 years, thanks to a little encouragement from her mom to pursue this career.we are excited to highlight allison mccormick, who has been a dedicated 3rd-grade teacher at shaw elementary since 2014! inspired by her mom, who was also a teacher, allison shared, "i loved playing school when i was younger!meet stephanie drury, our student nutrition satellite manager at shaw elementary! stephanie joined us in august 2023, and as a bhs alum, class of 2007, she's thrilled to be back in beavercreek, contributing to the school community she knows and loves. 💚🌟 meet jessica bennington, a 2nd grade teacher at valley elementary and proud bhs alumni from the class of 2004! 🎓 jessica loves working in our district because of the close-knit environment. she says, "i enjoy the family atmosphere that i feel in my building." 💙🌟 staff spotlight: jason enneking 🌟with 20 years of dedicated service to the district and a proud 1998 bhs alumnus, jason enneking embodies the spirit of beavercreek schools.let's shine a spotlight on katey ford, one of the invaluable members of our transportation department! 🚌 with eight years of dedicated service to the district, katey wears multiple hats as a bus driver and on-board instructor.this week, we are shining a spotlight on jami russ, a 10th-grade english teacher at bhs. jami's contributions to the district since the fall of 2002 have been significant, making her a valued member of our community.meet marlyn! marlyn is our dedicated hr and payroll coordinator, bringing ten years of invaluable experience to our district. he is also rooted in our community as a 2009 bhs graduating class member.ashley has been a dedicated math teacher in our district for an impressive 16 years, bringing her passion and expertise to the classroom every day. she credits jackie southard as the most influential person in her career, shaping her journey as an educator.let's take a moment to spotlight another remarkable staff member as we wrap up this school year! 🎉 meet melissa morgan, our dedicated special needs assistant at valley elementary.ouralumni spotlightsfind usbeavercreek city schools  4029 executive drive  beavercreek, ohio 45430number: 937.426.1522 (central office)    if you are experiencing accessibility issues with this website, please email: adacompliance@gocreek.orgcopyright © 2025 beavercreek city schools. all rights reserved.powered by apptegy visit us to learn more

