









homepage - missouri baptist foundation

































































skip to content









 
client portal











 
contact us











 
give












 







 

 





 
							get to know us						
 

 close get to know us


 open get to know us










our mission and our principles our guiding values and purposeour team the talent shaping our successour history journey through our evolution and milestones 





our board the strategic minds guiding us forwardour leadership leading us along the journeyfaqs quick answers to common questions 






 



the history, mission and people of the mbf benefit missions & ministry efforts in missouri, the usa, and around the world. 








 
							how we can help						
 

 close how we can help


 open how we can help










individuals 



cash reserve fund fee-free cash investment with competitive interest rate to help you do more.estate planning craft a personalized legacy for your family and ministries you believe in.planned giving make a lasting impact on causes you care about through strategic planned givingtrust management don’t have anyone you can trust to manage your estate? we can provide you peace of mind. 





churches & ministries 



mbf cash fund fee-free cash investment with competitive interest rate to help your ministry do more.investment funds grow your ministry’s resources with our redemptive investing focus investment funds.endowment management ensure the future impact of your church or ministry through endowment management.financial pastoring wholistic guidance for the financial well-being of your ministry and you as a pastor. 






 



mbf provides professional management for individuals & families, churches, and mission / ministry organizations to help grow principle and provide income for ministry. 








 
							resources						
 

 close resources


 open resources










forms easy to use essential forms.grants mbc church grants for projects or eventsgiftlaw pro access advanced tools and resources for gift planningadvance internship program to develop students both spiritually and professionally 





current rates stay up to date with our latest rates.scholarships undergraduate and post graduate scholarships for continuing education.will / trust starter packet begin your journey into estate planning with our comprehensive starter packet. 





publications explore insights into financial knowledge.calculators empower financial decisions with our user-friendly calculators.viable discover the keys to ministry viability 






 



mbf provides the resources needed to be prepared in matters of finance for individuals, churches and ministries. 








 
							redemptive investing						
 

























investing for today, tomorrow, and 10,000 tomorrows 



the missouri baptist foundation is dedicated to cultivating, overseeing, and allocating financial assets for individuals and ministry partners through redemptive investing, enabling the future of families, churches, and nonprofits.  







learn more


























distributed worldwide in 2024 to support the advancement of the gospel; through the management of assets entrusted to us by individuals, families, churches, and ministry organizations. 
$
0
 million +














money management for ministry 



our ministry services empower ministries to fund their god-given dreams, guiding you at every stage, ensuring your church or organization thrives. experience asset growth through our cash funds, term deposits, and long-term endowment management, driven by a redemptive investing strategy focused on the good. our generosity education offers discipleship-based tools for a lifetime of stewardship, with mbf hosting seminars, sermons, and workshops for all group sizes.  




 







 




possibility planning for people 



secure your family’s future through comprehensive estate planning, covering wills, trusts, powers of attorney, and medical directives. our guidance extends through all stages of your financial journey, connecting you with seasoned estate planning experts for personalized support. unlock the potential for impactful giving and contribute more for the benefit of your family, church, and cherished ministries through tools like the cash reserve fund, donor advised funds, charitable remainder trusts, and more.  

















we're ready to help 







 
get started









 












 
physical address:400 east high stsuite 500jefferson city, mo 65101




 
mailing address:po box 1113jefferson city, mo 65102




 
phone:(573) 761-0717





 
email:info@mbfn.org








 








missouri baptist foundation is not registered as an investment adviser and does not provide investment advice to participants of the common investment funds or portfolios described herein. investment advice to participants of the common investment funds or portfolios is provided by separately compensated third-party investment advisers registered under federal and/or state law or are exempt from such registration. missouri baptist foundation complies with the philanthropy protection act of 1995. 



copyright © 2025 · missouri baptist foundation · website by megaphone designs 






























