











awesome perfect dog beds | perfect dog beds








































































 











perfect dog beds

our dogs are our best friends. when it comes to our poochie pals we will do almost anything to keep them warm, comfortable and content. 
this is why choosing the right dog bed is so important.

find your dogs perfect bed











choosing a dog bed


the right dog bed can make a huge difference to your furry companion. the right bed can improve their comfort and their health. 


 


many breeds of dog suffer from joint and hip issues later in life. a well made dog bed designed for arthritic dogs can make a big difference. even dogs without these types of issues can enjoy a well made bed!


 your dog bed should suit your dogs size with the design and even the materials used.
this can make finding the right bed start to seem like a daunting task but it doesn’t need to be. 















dog bed sizes

there are almost as many types of dog bed as there are dog breeds! although this is for good reason. dog breeds vary and even the same breed can have different sizes, shapes and different needs.








small dogs
perfect dog beds for our small companions. 



view all






medium dogs
our larger furry friends need a bit more room!



view all






large dogs
the biggest of all will need some serious space.



view all








how to choose the perfect bed.



luckily this is far easier than you think! choosing your dog’s bed doesn’t need to be a difficult process but there are a few things to consider such as:
● what size of of dog bed is required?
● what materials should the bed be made from?
● what height of bed does the dog need?
● where will you be putting your dog bed?
● what type of dog bed would be best?
● what are your dog’s individual needs?
for further information on how to pick your pups ideal dog bed then keep reading.



 












what are my dogs needs?

understand what your dog needs and get the best bed for them.







this is one of the trickier questions to answer as it is very dependent on your dog, its breed and medical history. 
if you are looking for a bed for a young puppy then this isn’t too difficult. find a nice fluffy bed that they can feel cosy and safe in and you can’t go too far wrong!
dogs, especially younger pups love feeling secure and safe as well as being close to their owners. also consider if you are getting a rescue dog what the dog’s history is.













difficulties start to arise when it comes to medical issues and the age of the dog. 
if you have an older dog with arthiritis then avoid beds that have a step. you will also want to consider whether their bed will offer their joints the right type of support. 
so with this in mind here are a few questions to ask yourself before looking for the perfect bed. 
● how old is my dog?
● does the breed suffer from joint issues or any other joint and muscular problems? is there a bed to help support any treatment?
● does my dog like to curl up or lay flat out when sleeping? 
● where does my dog like to sleep? on the floor or the bed? or by a window or curled up somewhere cosy?
● do they suffer from the heat or cold?
● do i travel a lot with my dog and need a portable bed?







next stage is to think about how many beds you need. 







how many dog beds should my dog have?

ideally, your dog will have access to more than one bed, at least one for each space in the house they tend to occupy. 








consider a dog bed for: 

the living room
another for the room they sleep in
the car


your bedroom to encourage them to not sleep on your bed


outdoor spaces so your pup can enjoy lazing in the sun in comfort

you want your precious pup to be as comfortable as possible. getting more than one bed means they can really relax wherever they may decide to rest their furry head. 









now you have an idea of what might be a good dog bed, consider the type of bed.







the type of dog bed

an almost bewildering array of beds are available. 










flat beds or flat pads
these are perfect if your dog is crate trained as they provide a comfortable mat for them to lie on.



buy




cuddle oval shaped bowl beds
these beds are the most common. they come as a hard shell for you to add blankets to or they can be made from fabric and stuffed for comfort.



buy




orthopedic dog beds
these are made from medical grade materials and are made to higher specifications



buy






nest style beds
these are perfect if your dog is crate trained as they provide a comfortable mat for them to lie on.



buy




cot beds
these are beds that are raised off the ground. they are perfect for arthritic dogs who find it uncomfortable to lie on the floor. they help to distribute the dogs weight evenly which can also help their joints. 



buy




all dog beds
there are many other dog beds available in different materials. take a look!



buy





dog bed material
an extra consideration when it comes to choosing the type of dog bed is the materials used. dog beds come in a huge variety of materials. fluffy beds that are cosy or easily washed canvas materials – and lots more besides! 
consider your dog, their preferences and their breed when buying a dog bed and you shouldn’t go too far wrong. if they suffer from the cold then you can get them a warm and fluffy bed and consider a heated bed too! you can also get cooling mats if your dog suffers from the opposite problem and tends to over heat







dog bed sizes

the most common consideration and one of the most important to consider is your dog bed size! 







some dogs like rescue dogs like to feel secure in their bed. a bed too large will feel like a wide open space to them and they may not be able to settle down. a bed that is too small will be uncomfortable for your puppy if they are on the larger side. 
dog beds tend to come in three most common sizes, small, medium and large.
this is generally more than enough for you to choose the perfect size dog bed. you want to ensure that your dog fits into or onto the bed with no limbs falling off the side. they need to get their head comfortably into the bed too. 
follow these steps to accurately measure your dog.
 








step 1
measure your dog. make sure you measure from the tip of his nose to the base area of the tail. this is how much of the dog that needs to fit into the bed.








step 2
watch your dog’s sleeping style. do they sprawl out? curl up? this will help you choose the size and style of your bed.








step 3
take a look  at your dog’s measurement and add between 6 and 12 inches to it. this is the size of bed you need to be looking for.
this can be surprising to many pet owners as people often underestimate the size of bed a dog needs. 









choose your dog bed

now you know a bit more, select from the following options which bed is best for your dog.








small dogs
perfect dog beds for our small companions. 



view all






medium dogs
our larger furry friends need a bit more room!



view all






large dogs
the biggest of all will need some serious space.



view all



 







 this site utilises amazon affiliate links to earn small commissions. these do not affect the price you pay but helps us keep the site running.

 



privacy policy
 









this website uses cookies to improve your experience. we'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. cookie settingsacceptprivacy & cookies policy




close






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.

 





								necessary							


necessary

always enabled




									necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. this category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. these cookies do not store any personal information.								






								non-necessary							


non-necessary





									any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. it is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.								












save & accept










 








