





captiva island inn - captiva cottages - captiva hotel suites - rooms











































 







skip to content


reservations@captivaislandinn.com11508 andy rosse rd, captiva island, fl 33924reservations@captivaislandinn.com11508 andy rosse rd, captiva island, fl 33924toggle navigationhomecottages& villas1 bedroom – lantana villa2 bedroom – gardenia villa2-bedroom penthouse suite3 bedroom captiva villasuites, cottages & vacation rental homes accessibilityvacationhome rentals5-bedroom harbour house5-bedroom celebration housesuites, cottages & vacation rental homes accessibilityrestaurantsrc otter’s island eatscantina captivasunshine seafoodkeylime bistrokeylime wine spectator awardrico suaves mexican food on the golatte dathingsto doweddingswater activitiesland activitiespet policyabout uscontact us & mapin the newsnewswebsite accessibiltycancellation policycartgo to...homecottages& villas1 bedroom – lantana villa2 bedroom – gardenia villa2-bedroom penthouse suite3 bedroom captiva villasuites, cottages & vacation rental homes accessibilityvacationhome rentals5-bedroom harbour house5-bedroom celebration housesuites, cottages & vacation rental homes accessibilityrestaurantsrc otter’s island eatscantina captivasunshine seafoodkeylime bistrokeylime wine spectator awardrico suaves mexican food on the golatte dathingsto doweddingswater activitiesland activitiespet policyabout uscontact us & mapin the newsnewswebsite accessibiltycancellation policycart


loading...

     captiva island inn




captiva island inn2025-01-21t12:01:26-05:00 
plan your next vacation with us on captiva island.just steps to captiva beach and fabulous restaurants, the captiva island inn provides easy access to the perfect location in the heart of the beachside captiva village. captiva island inn is the ideal island getaway for couples, friends, or the entire family. captiva island is one of the most beautiful tropical locations in the united states. from the sugary white sand beach to the beautiful natural parks that sprawl the island, there is natural beauty for all to enjoy!1, 2 & 3 bedroom suites           lantana villa. 1 bedroom, 1 bath, full kitchen, sleeps 4.    $249.00 to $499/nt  book now    details
           gardenia villa. 2 bedrooms, bath & full kitchen. sleeps 4.    $299.00 to $589/nt  book now    details
           penthouse suite. 2 bedrooms, 2 baths, den & full kitchen.    $349.00 to $775/nt  book now    details
           captiva villa. 3 bedrooms, 3 baths, den & full kitchen.    $649.00 to $1,249/nt  book now    details
captiva island 5-bedroom home vacation rentals           celebration house. 5 bedrooms, 5 baths & 2 full kitchens.    $1,051.00 to $1,822/nt  book now    details
           harbor house. 5 bedrooms, 4.5 baths, den & full kitchen.    $5,832.00 to $7,852/wk. sat. to sat.  book now    details
suites, villas, and vacation rentalscaptiva island inn accommodations beat any hotel room. see why southern living magazine featured the captiva island inn as one of their top island resort. here is a hint: it’s not just the beautiful, white sandy beaches! we offer free wi-fi, free parking, and easy access to the beach. and some of our accommodations are pet friendly!beautiful beachesget back to nature, relax, and unwind on captiva island.captiva island inn … your dream getaway in the heart of captiva island!the captiva island inn’s cottages and suites sit squarely between the captiva island beach on one side and the bay on the other. either way, the scenery is fantastic! experience powdery white sand and the refreshing gulf breeze for the florida vacation of a lifetime! along with beauty, captiva island has lots of fun activities to make sure your florida vacation is all you dreamt of. activities include parasailing, kayaking, golf cart rentals, eating at one of the incredible dining options, and much more! choose a 1 or 2-bedroom cottage, a 2-bedroom penthouse suite, 3-bedroom villa, or relax in splendor with 5 bedrooms in the harbor house or celebration house vacation rental homes. availability is constantly changing for cottages, suites, and villas. we have accommodations to suit every need! want to bring fifi or fido? we are pet-friendly. see our pet policy here.captiva island inn … your dream getaway in the heart of captiva island!just steps to captiva beach and fabulous restaurants, the captiva island inn provides easy access to the perfect location in the heart of the beachside captiva village. captiva island inn is the ideal island getaway for couples, friends, or the entire family.restaurants on captiva island captiva island restaurants include sandy stilwell’s five award-winning restaurants, which are only steps away from the captiva island inn. enjoy delicious food and a tropical, laid-back atmosphere as you listen to live music performed by local artists. whether you are in the mood for casual dining or a gourmet feast, captiva island restaurants have something for everyone! whether you are looking for seafood, american, mexican, coffee, a great glass of wine, or many other great options: captiva island inn’s restaurants have options sure to satisfy your hunger for food and fun.rc otterssunshine seafoodrico suaveskeylime bistro – opening sooncantina captivalatte dathings to do on captiva islandwhile relaxing and rejuvenating is certainly an option, other options abound. you can rent boats, explore nature on kayaks, do some adventurous jet skiing, enjoy world-class fishing and other water activities. water activities not your thing? there are plenty of land activities to enjoy! you can ride bikes, take captiva island inn’s complimentary “s car go” trolley to superb captiva restaurants, shop at the quaint island stores and art galleries, and so much more. and, when the sun rises over the coconut palms and sea-pines, you’ll enjoy strolling along the beach — looking out over the gulf of mexico and sorting through the piles of seashells left on the sand beaches by the previous tide.fun on landfun on waternearby activitiescaptiva island inn locationthe captiva island inn’s convenient location is on captiva island, fl, near fort myers between trendy naples, florida, and bustling tampa, florida. the local airport is fort myers international airport. the airport code is rsw and is located approximately 37 miles, just a short, pretty drive away, from captiva island. check out the map. 












sign up for specialssubscribe to our email newsletter today to receive updates on the latest news and special offers!first name *last name *email *statezip code *submit
follow us on facebookrestaurants: rc otters:  239-395-1142 sunshine seafood:  239-472-6200 keylime bistro:  opening soon cantina captiva:  239-472-0248 latte da:  239-472-0234the captiva island inn:
239-395-0882
 reservations@captivaislandinn.com
  11508 andy rosse lane,
captiva island, fl 33924
captivaislandinn.com developed by our website design agency, and managed by our marketing agency. please report any issues to our hotel marketing agency team.page load link



go to top
























