






sinister visions: website design, logo design, graphic design, marketing art & illustration for haunted houses, haunted attractions, horror, halloween and more







































































			get 20% off orders of $20+ at shopsinister.com with coupon code hallontine thru 2/7!








toggle navigation









 home

contact 

 savage@sinister.me
 phone: (916) spo-oky1
 live chat
 more contact options


news

portfolio/services 

 services we offer
 client testimonials
 portfolio of client work
logos & branding
 website design & development
 marketing artwork & signature characters
 graphic design
 t-shirt design
 dark art & illustration



info & extras 

 contact sinister visions
 design terms defined
 frequently asked questions
 a bit of history
 sinister fonts
 sinister sonics
 cult of the great pumpkin
 recommended resources
 links


 store










 facebook
 instagram
 behance
 deviantart
 subscribe to the sinister visions feed









making the world a spookier place
sinister visions inc. (svi) is a dark art and graphic design studio that caters to the horror, halloween and haunted attraction industries. we design, create and illustrate the things you need to successfully market and promote your halloween- or horror-themed business, product, attraction or haunted house on the web, in print, via social media and beyond.
a lifelong love of halloween and horror, 30+ years of graphic design & illustration experience, a storied background in typography and 25+ years of website design experience gives svi a thorough knowledge & understanding of the history, imagery and iconography of all things spooky, which informs  every project undertaken.
but hey, seeing is believing. use the navigation bar at the top of the page to visit the portfolio to see the work sinister visions has done and for whom we've done it. you may notice that while many of our clients happen to be some of the most well-known names in the haunt & horror industries, most of our clients aren't... yet!
you can also see what our clients have to say about sinister visions on the testimonials page, sinister visions' facebook page and google page (and if you're already a client, leave a review!).
once you've looked around, contact chad savage to discuss your project and to see how we can bring your sinister visions to life!

 contact chad savage / sinister visions


 regarding prices...
there's no pricing info on this site because every project has its own unique set of parameters that affect costs, and we do not use pre-fab graphics or clip art. all of our designs are 100% custom-created for our clients. contact us for a price quote catered to your specific needs.




recent work
click the title or an image to see more!



logo design & branding









              click on a logo to go to the logo portfolio page
follow on instagram to see real-time projects!




graphic design









                click on an image to go to the
              graphic design portfolio page
follow on instagram to see real-time projects!




t-shirt design









                click on an image to go to the
              t-shirt design portfolio page
follow on instagram to see real-time projects!




art & characters









                click on an image to go to the marketing art
              & signature character portfolio page
follow on instagram to see real-time projects!





recent website designs
click a link to open the website in a new tab/window:
bricktown haunted warehouse • graystone scream park • true fear haunted house • shock 13 haunted house • fear on the farm • 
                sheboygan haunted asylum • 
                scavenged souls • 
                legends curse • brandibeast.com • killerprops.com • irvington asylum
go to the website design portfolio page





don't take our word for it!

click the arrows on either side to move through reviews, or visit the testimonials page!










looking for chad savage's dark artwork, pins, patches, stickers, etc.?
if you're looking for chad savage's dark art & illustration work, head over to chadsavage.com for extensive galleries, interviews, news and more.
if you're interested in purchasing chad's original artwork, art prints or you're looking for his t-shirts, enamel pins, patches and other original creations, head over to shopsinister.com!



















 sinister visions on facebook
sinister visions



 sinister visions clients have said...




“knowledgeable, creative and most critically - prompt! chad has the perfect skill set to create very user-friendly websites that work great and look super scary!”
— ben armstrong, netherworld haunted house




“chad has been instrumental in growing all of our trade shows by marketing our brands through amazing web designs, brochures, banner displays and t-shirt designs! web design is so important in today's world and we credit a lot of our success to chad for keeping our image fresh every year. chad works around the clock to deliver the best products possible.”
— jen braverman, transworld trade shows




“chad is an unbelievably talented artist. the fact that he is able to take that creativity and use it to build websites that not only look good, but also work well and are reliable is just one of the reasons we've loved partnering with him over the years.”
— edward douglas, midnight syndicate




“sinistervisions.com have built and serviced three web sites for me over the past 6 years. chad's input, design, backup and all around service are a credit to him, especially as we are based in the united kingdom. i would not hesitate in recommending chad and sinistervisions.com to anyone wishing for web design and creativity.”
— mark edwards, farmaggedon




“chad has always been one step ahead of what's popular at the time.  he continues to amaze me with his creativity and designs.  we at terror on the fox have always used sinister visions, and we/i always will!”
— mike "beaker" parpovich, terror on the fox




“there is no more prolific dark web designer anywhere. if you want a successful event, then you need a chad savage-designed web site.”
— leonard pickel, hauntcon




“chad savage has a command of typography that isn't seen anymore... and that's only one of his skills; he's really a pioneer in horror / haunted / fantasy corporate id and digital design. most of the work you see in this arena that wasn't done by him was most likely influenced by him. he's an original.”
— joe sena, emce toys / cinefantastique magazine / the monster channel




“chad savage delivers, in an internet world where most designers and enablers spew and wheeze far beyond their capacity. chad views complex codings with an artist's eye ­ which makes him the real deal. he walks the walk. hire him now before he wises up and prices himself accordingly.”
— david j. schow, author




“i knew by hiring sinister visions i would get excellent results. the results were even better than expected. thanks for exceeding my high expectations.”
— larry mckenzie, thehalloweennetwork.com







 @savagesinister on instagram





 rate & review sinister visions 
      on google &  facebook





website art, design & graphics copyright
      
      chad savage / sinister visions inc. unless noted otherwise. all rights reserved. sinister visions, sinister circuit, and related names/domains are trademarks of chad savage / sinister visions inc. no part of this site may be reproduced or downloaded [except items specifically offered for download] without written authorization.
 back to top


 call: (916) spo-oky1
 email: savage@sinister.me
 search sinistervisions.com
















