









shaver lake marina | pontoon rental boats & jetskis



















shaver lake boat rentals,  shaver lake marina, shaver lake boat rental, shaver lake jet ski rental, shaver lake waverunner rentals, shaver lake rentals, rent waverunner, boat rentals shaver lake, 














rental ratesfaq'smarina storehappy camperjobsbook now online  












we will start taking reservations online for the 2025 season on january 1st, 2025 all reservations are made online.









where the fun begins!











a full service marina on shaver lake
shaver lake marina offers an extensive rental fleet including  pontoon boats, fishing boats, waverunners, kayaks, canoes,  stand up paddle boards and more for any type of fun you desire on the lake.









pontoon boats
16 to 24 feet, 4 to 12 passengers
rent a pontoon boat just the right size for your family or group so you can go anywhere on shaver lake and enjoy fishing, swimming, tubing, picnicking, site seeing, and family outings. 
more









jet skis / wave runner
fun for three on a jetski
bring your sense of adventure and jump on a jet ski to see the whole lake while enjoying an exhilarating ride for up to three people. rent by the hour or all day
more









paddle boards, kayaks, canoes
rented by the hour to all day
shaver lake marina is neslted on bikini cove in camp edison with plenty of shoreline in either direction for (sup) stand up paddleboards,  kayaks, canoes & paddleboats. 
more









fishing boats
with or without remote steering
shaver lake marina has fishing boats with or without remote steering.  rent for 2 hours, 1/2 a day or all day.
more










reservations required
open april 15 -october 15 due to weather conditions and lake levels that are beyond our control, we sometimes have to adjust those dates.  all reservations are made online.  to book a reservation click on the 'book now' buttonwe start taking reservations for 2025 on january 1, 2025








located inside camp edisonshaver lake marina42696 tollhouse roadshaver lake, ca  93664email: shaverlakemarina@gmail.com
phone: +1 (559) 841-5331hours:   closed for the 2024 season - reservations for the 2024 summer season opens jan 2nd, 2025 - click on book now.

shaver lake marinamarina storerental rateshappy camper general storeshaver lake sportsvacasa vacation rentals








shaver lake marina | copyright (c) 2016-2024. all rights reserved













