



niagaradutyfree



niagaradutyfree





























view the falls… 
see the savings.
not all duty free stores are created equal! 



 visit the niagara duty free and see why travelers are now adding the rainbow bridge to their gps. our newly renovated store is located on the canadian side of the rainbow bridge and has a breathtaking view of niagara falls. we have recently dropped prices across the entire store and guarantee the lowest duty free prices in canada.save up to 50% on brand name products including liquor, wine, beer, tobacco products, fragrances, jewelry, imported chocolates, gifts, souvenirs and more at niagara duty free before crossing the rainbow bridge to the usa. 





  









 



 





 



 






about us 



the niagara duty free is located on the canadian side of the rainbow bridge, which connects niagara falls, on to niagara falls, ny. we have been serving the cross border traveler for over 20 years. our newly renovated store is located on the canadian side of the rainbow bridge and has a breathtaking view of niagara falls. we have recently dropped prices across the entire store and guarantee the lowest duty free prices in canada.whether driving to a destination in new york or on the way to the buffalo airport, any one crossing into the u.s.a. can enjoy duty free shopping on any trip.the rainbow bridge is a “well known secret” to the local community, as its volume of traffic is significantly less than other international bridges. this allows the “locals” to cross back and forth with virtually no line ups and is therefore considered by many to be the fastest crossing in the niagara region. many veteran travelers from the toronto/hamilton area have caught on to this little known fact and frequent the rainbow bridge in order to eliminate long waits at the border.it’s not surprising that duty-free shopping is so popular. anyone travelling to the usa can make the most of their duty-free dollar. substantial savings on liquor, wines and beer, tobacco products, including cigarettes and cigars, jewelry, fine chocolate, perfumes and many other items are on sale at the niagara duty free. most liquor still sells at duty free shops for 30 to 50% off their canadian retail price. to make you’re duty-free shopping even more affordable, the rainbow bridge has no toll charge to cross into the usa. you can rest assured you are purchasing duty-free liquors, tobacco, perfumes and other specialty goods authorized by both the canadian and united states governments.we also offer:• clean restrooms • currency exchange• atm machine • major credit cards accepted • multi-lingual sales assistance • pre-shop service available• spacious  and free parking 







location 



the niagara duty free is located on the canadian side of the rainbow bridge, which connects niagara falls, ontario to niagara falls, new york. follow the queen elizabeth way (q.e.w) to niagara falls and take the highway 420 exit. follow highway 420 to the rainbow bridge and we are located at the foot of the bridge.
 
no toll is required to travel across the rainbow bridge.
 
across the border you will find direct routing to the interstate 90 east and west. 






 

niagara duty free


5726 falls ave., niagara falls, canada



 905-374-3700



www.niagaradutyfree.com



















