




















aclu of san diego and imperial counties























skip to main content










    for media inquiries  

    email media@aclu-sdic.org  

media@aclu-sdic.org


media inquiries 










 
aclu of san diego and imperial counties 







about us

about us

history

board & staff

job openings

internships & volunteering

aclu national

shop aclu

contact us



rights & resources

know your rights

need legal help?

black-led grassroot organizations

how to give public comment

covid-19: know your rights resources



issues

advancing equity

advancing immigrants' rights

advancing racial justice

border

education equity

free speech

police practices

privacy & technology

religious liberty

reproductive justice



our work

in the courts

legislation

advocacy

celebrate the constitution

aclu-sdic nextgen

equity in action



news & info

all latest updatesaclu-sdic testimony – central union high school district considers resolution to recognize the district as a safe haven for all studentssan diego county takes step towards protecting our immigrant communities, but more work remainsaclu-sdic testimony – san diego county board of supervisors considers amendments to county procedure regarding public comment

press releases

publications

blogs

adelante! vlog



take action

donate





donate
































join the fight for equality, liberty and justice

get our updates
email address *



zip code *






leave this field blank 


 







know your rights │ immigrants' rights



we are prepared. join us.



aclu california action on reelection of donald trump



california welcoming task force post-election statement



aclu-sdic testimony – san diego county board of supervisors banned books board letter



aclus in california respond to governor gavin newsom’s executive order on encampments 



a moment of reckoning — the essay decodes the visual voice of the art, in chapters that coincide with the featured protest signs.



check out our adelante series!



imperial valley



cancino castellar v. mayorkas settlement









latest updates 





 

aclu-sdic testimony – central union high school district considers resolution to recognize the district as a safe haven for all students 

    the following testimony urges the central union high school district’s board to vote yes on a resolution to recognize the district as a safe haven from immigration enforcement. the testimony was given on feb....  





 

san diego county takes step towards protecting our immigrant communities, but more work remains 

on december 10, 2024, felicia gomez, aclu-sdic immigrants’ rights senior policy advocate, submitted an e-comment to the san diego county board of supervisors in support of item 29 – a resolution to stop the... 





 

aclu-sdic testimony – san diego county board of supervisors considers amendments to county procedure regarding public comment 

the following prepared testimony urges the san diego county board of supervisors to vote “no” on proposed amendments to county procedure regarding public comment. the testimony was delivered to the board by... 







latest press releases 





january 16, 2025 

san diego leaders reaffirm commitment to human rights in response to incoming trump administration 

on january 15, 2025, lgbtq+ community organizations, elected officials, and allies came together to reaffirm their shared commitment to protect human rights in the face of the incoming trump administration... 





january 14, 2025 

california welcoming task force statement  re: trump immigration policies: mass deportations preparedness and know your rights 

with donald trump’s impending presidency, the california welcoming task force, a binational coalition dedicated to re-envisioning how the u.s. welcomes people seeking asylum safely, is working hard to... 





january 8, 2025 

ahead of second trump administration, aclu launches campaign in southern border states elevating asylum seekers’ immigration journeys 

as people in southern border states brace for harsh and extreme policies targeting immigrants under a second trump administration, the american civil liberties union’s border humanity project is launching... 










 


flood resource guide 

on january 22, 2024, heavy rains caused catastrophic flooding and damage throughout multiple communities in san diego county. below is a list of resources available to residents who need assistance. 

view campaign












take action






need legal help?


 

legal assistance 

 




aclu california action


 

aclu california acti 

 




join the aclu


 

join the aclu 

 





 








search aclu-sdic.org 








need legal help?
press releases
contact
donate
job openings







aclu on facebook
aclu on x
aclu on instagram






© 2025 aclu of san diego & imperial counties





user agreement
privacy statement
website accessibility




















