







the questors theatre












































 

welcome to the questors theatre in ealing, londonhere you can watch new and popular plays every week. we deliver a full season of professional-quality productions and provide a performance venue for touring theatre companies. anyone can get involved; become a questors member and take part in everything from acting and directing to lighting, front of house and stage design. we also deliver theatre training for all ages; find out about our academy and youth theatre. there are lots of reasons to discover the questors:you'll enjoy our theatre.
 we perform in our own high-quality theatre venue - with our 350-seat 
judi dench playhouse & 90-seat studio theatre.you'll enjoy our 
plays. every year we stage a season of 15-20 plays, from modern dramas 
& comedies to classics of british & world theatre.you'll enjoy our high quality. we're a member of the society of independent theatres & one of the biggest drama groups in london. you'll enjoy our friendliness.
 our front of house team are all questors members. our grapevine bar 
features in the good beer guide & is recognised by camra. 
 watch our video to take a tour, or join us for the real thing.join the conversation
















theatre
academy
youth theatre
grapevine bar




   
 

what's onperformances and eventsseason passquestors gift voucherscalendarterms of bookingget involvedjoin usfree backstage toursclub membershipsupporter membershipsacting and directingbackstage and technicalnew writingfront of house and box officedistribution, marketing and photographygrapevine barcourses & classesquestors academyliterature classyouth theatreweekly classeshire facilitiesmattock lane sitethe playhousethe studiorehearsal roomsthe librarycostume hiregrapevine barworkshopart exhibitionsarchiveabout usplan your visitnewsletter sign-upfields cafecontact usplayback and the reminiscence roadshowsupporting the questorsour historyvacancies

25 feb - 01 mar 25a questors youth theatre productionlionboyzizou cordera boy takes on corporate dystopia with a little help from his feline friendsbook nowmore detailspaula robinson14 feb - 22 feb 25a questors productiona real race around the worlddavid hovatter & companytwo women. 80 days. who will make it back first?book nowmore details27 feb - 27 feb 25a rush of laughterraging billa standup comedy show for anyone who has had a grandad...book nowmore details21 mar - 29 mar 25a questors productiontrojan barbieplastic perfection of modern life disappears when transported to ancient troybook nowmore details28 mar - 05 apr 25a questors productionmy fair ladythe timeless musical my fair lady is the ultimate tale of rags to riches.book nowmore detailsjoin the conversation









support us: name a seat
free tours backstage
get our newsletter



home

  



 covid statement








activities
questors academy
questors youth theatre
grapevine bar
questors choir


contact us
| accessibility
| terms and conditions
| privacy policy
| cookie info



new site © copyright the questors ltd 2007-2020the questors limited, a charitable company limited by guarantee. registered in england and wales no 469253. registered charity no 207516.
registered office: 12 mattock lane, london w5 5bq.



 
 




























