


calvinist flyswatter
























	calvinist flyswatter
	



thursday, june 16, 2016



	 
	 daniel's end-time vision
	 
    


daniel's vision of the end-time 

antichrist & tribulation



 

daniel refers to the vision of daniel 10:1-6 as the 
"great vision" (10:8). the account of the vision and the angel's 
interpretation of the vision extend from 10:1 into the 12th chapter of the book 
of daniel. 



 

the "certain man" of the "great vision" is 
revealed in the angel's interpretation to be the "vile person" (11:21), 
who dominates in the tribulation period.

 



the fact that the vision refers to the future period 
of tribulation is indicated by daniel 10:1 ("the time appointed was long"); the 
angel's words in daniel 10:14  ("now i am 
come to make thee understand what shall befall thy people in the latter 
days: for yet the 
vision is for many days;" and in daniel 
12:1:



 

"and at that time shall michael stand up, the great 
prince which standeth for the children of thy people: and there shall be a 
time of trouble, such as never was since there was a nation even to that 
same time: and at that time thy people shall be delivered, every one 
that shall be found written in the book."

 



this corresponds to jeremiah 30:7, "the time of jacob's trouble," the tribulation 
period.



 

bob 
l. ross




 





 




 






713-477-2329



posted by bob l. ross @ 11:41 am
0 comments






tuesday, may 10, 2016



	 
	 "gold of uphaz" & antichrist
	 
    


does the "gold of uphaz" indicate the 

middle east source of the antichrist?



 



daniel 10:5 --



 



"then 
i lifted up mine eyes, and looked, and behold a certain 
man clothed in linen, whose loins were girded with fine 
gold of uphaz:"



 



if this "certain man" of 
daniel's vision in 10:5, 6 is a representation of the antichrist, as indicated 
in the angel gabriet's interpretation in 11:21-45, the reference to the 
"gold of uphaz" apparently indicates where the antichrist will come 
from, which would be the middle east.



 



there is only one other scripture about 
"uphaz," namely, jeremiah 10:8, 9 where the "gold from uphaz" 
is associated with idol worship. jeremiah was in babylonian 
captivity and he writes about this idolatry in chapter 10. this places the "gold from uphaz" in the middle east which at that 
time was under babylonian rule.

this "gold of uphaz" symbol indicates that the

"certain man" (antichrist) will come from the middle
east.




for more of my articles on prophecy, go to calvinist flyswatter
blog.









bob l. ross



(713) 477-2329









note: the "beryl" in daniel 10:5, 6 is associated with satan in ezekie 
28:13. 



posted by bob l. ross @ 12:31 pm
0 comments






monday, february 01, 2016



	 
	 the false prophet = the strange god
	 
    


is "the false prophet" of revelation 


the "strange god" of daniel 11:38, 
39?







daniel 11:38-39 
king james version: 




38 but in his estate shall he honour the god of forces: and 
a god whom his fathers knew not shall he honour with 
gold, and silver, and with precious stones, and pleasant 
things.



39 thus shall he do in the most strong holds with a 
strange god, whom he shall acknowledge and increase with 
glory: and he shall cause them to rule over many, and shall divide the land for 
gain.


i put the word "god" in small letters in the 
headline so as to distinguish it from being any reference to the true god. 



i understand that this "strange god" apparently is the 
very same person as "the false prophet" of revelation 13, 16:13, 19:20, and 
20:10, and will be fulfilled in due course of time by the 
pope.



the words "strange god" in daniel 11:39 can be translated as 
"alien deity," or "foreign deity," or "foreign god." 






the "god" in daniel 11:38, 39 is obviously 
a person who simply makes a pretense of deity in some sense; 
or, he is held in high esteem by some who lay claim to his being a person of 
a very spiritually superior significance; or, he is supposedly a "vicar" or 
substitute for god on earth who speaks "as if" he vicariously utters the 
infallible "word of god" -- that is, "ex cathedra." such attributes are 
consistent with what is claimed for the papacy of rome.


this "strange god" (or "foreign deity")  joins up 
(daniel 11:38, 39) with the "vile person" (11:21) who is the antichrist, for 
their mutual advantage. the antichrist is served in his pernicious scheme by the 
influence of the "strange god" and the latter is glorified, embellished, and 
enriched by the antichrist. 


this "strange god" of daniel 11:39 appears to be the 
same person who is revealed in revelation 13:11-18.  he is later identified by 
the label of "the false prophet" in revelation:


rev 16:13 (kjv) "and i saw three unclean spirits like 
frogs come out of the mouth of the dragon, and out of the mouth of the beast, 
and out of the mouth of the false prophet."


rev 19:20 (kjv) "and the beast was taken, and with him 
the false prophet that wrought miracles before him, with which he 
deceived them that had received the mark of the beast, and them that worshipped 
his image. these both were cast alive into a lake of fire burning with 
brimstone." 


rev 20:10 (kjv) "and the devil that deceived them was 
cast into the lake of fire and brimstone, where the beast and the false 
prophet are, and shall be tormented day and night for ever and ever." 



 

the false prophet of revelation joins up with the beast (antichrist) to 
assist him in his purposes. with wide influence, he causes millions to take the 
666 "mark of the beast." who could possibly have more influence in this 
regard than the pope?





revelation refers to this man as a "lamb with two horns" ( rev. 
13:11). the pope is supposedly the vicar of christ, the lamb of god, and he has 
two horns or kingdoms--the spiritual and the secular, or church and state. (the 
bull of boniface viii, schaff. vol. 2, page 606, 607), 



 

so it appears that both daniel and revelation reveal both the antichrist 
(beast) and the false prophet (strange god) and their uniting together.  

 

and inasmuch as we understand 
daniel to prophesy that the antichrist will originate in the middle east, you 
might find the following meeting of some interest.   






pope & iran 
president meet



 

bob l. ross



(713) 477-2329





posted by bob l. ross @ 6:12 pm
0 comments






friday, january 15, 2016



	 
	 arab history in daniel?
	 
    


is arab history from the 7th century a. 
d.

prophesied in the book of daniel 11:5-45?



 

daniel 10:14, 21: 
gabriel speaking to daniel about the vision of the 
"certain man" (the antichrist):


14 now i am come to make thee 
understand what shall befall thy people in the latter days: for yet the 
vision is for many days. . . .
 21 but i will shew thee that which is noted in the 
scripture of truth: and there is none that holdeth with me in these things, but 
michael your prince.
chapter 23 of my 1993 book, not one stone, is 
entitled, "arab history in the book of daniel?" and i contended that it 
is. i still hold the same interpretation.

in chapter 11 of daniel, the angel gabriel, who is 
giving this prophecy to daniel as an understanding of the vision in chapter 10, 
is obviously giving a summary of future history. this corresponds to nebuchadnezzar's 
dream of the statue, recorded in daniel 2, from the time of babylon to the 
end-time. 

by the time of chapter 11, babylon had already been 
conquered by medo-persia (see daniel 
5:30), so the angel gabriel begins in 11:1-4 with medo-persia which is 
followed by greece.


after greece, the angel goes to "the king of the 
south" (11:5) followed by "the king of the north" (11:6). 



the "south" and the "north" are not identified by 
name  in the text. one of the most prevalent theories imposed upon 
the passage in "study bibles" and commentaries is that the south refers to the 
ptolemies of egypt and the north refers to the seleucids of assyria 
(332 - 168 bc). there is no scripture for 
this.
 

this theory originated during the years of 
pre-christian history between malachi and the new testament. it first appears in 
the maccabees' writings in the uninspired apocrypha, 
and it alleges that the seleucid king, antiochus epiphanies, fulfilled daniel 
11:21 onward. 
 

of course, i differ with this theory, as i understand 
11:5-45 applies to the divided arab empire from the 7th century 
onward.
 

in my studies of arab history, arab ancestry goes back 
to abraham and haggar in the book of genesis, chapter 
16. the offspring of the "mix" of abraham, 
a chaldean, and the egyptian handmaid, haggar, was ishmael he is the 
father of the arabs and is described as a "wild man" whose "hand will be 
against every man" (genesis 16:12). 
 

ishmael also took an egyptian wife (genesis 21:21). 
he fathered twelve sons which dwelt in havilah and shur 
(genesis 25:13-18). havilah is the original name of the desert later to 
be called arabia, and shur is in the sinai peninsula. jeremiah 25:24 
refers to the "kings of arabia," and the "kings of the mingled 
[arab] people that dwell in the desert." the word for "mingled" is 
"arab" in the original language (see strong's hebrew 
dictionary, #6151). 
 

the ismaelites dwelt in arabia until after the death 
of muhammad who managed to make them muslims. after his death, the 
muslims invaded countries in the middle east, conquering other people, 
and appropriating women for multiple wives to "mingle [arab] with the 
seed of men" (daniel 2:43).

 

however, soon after muhammad's death they split up 
into two major groups -- northern and southern -- over the issue of who 
is qualified to be the head man, the "caliph." they have been warring over this 
ever since the 7th century. the factions became known as sunni and 
shia. i understand this division to be what is prophesied in daniel 11 
as to the north and south, corresponding to the "two legs" of the statue in chapter 2. 
 

eventually, out of this division comes the "vile 
person" (11:21) who is the "little horn" (antichrist), the beast of revelation 
13.
 

-- bob l. ross
(713) 477-2329

 


 






posted by bob l. ross @ 10:58 am
0 comments






monday, january 11, 2016



	 
	 prophecy theories die hard
	 
    



prophecy theories in some 
quarters

by some advocates often die hard

 

 

i stumbled upon a web site recently which apparently 
is extremely devoted to a particular "die hard" view of end-time bible prophecy. 
the writer seems to be concerned about a growing understanding on the part of 
some others who hold that the antichrist will come from the middle east rather 
than the more popular modern theory that he will come out of europe. 


 

among other things, the writer alleges that the view 
about the antichrist's middle east origin is due to the influence of recent 
happenings in that part of the world. 

while that perhaps could be the case with some, my own 
understanding of antichrist's middle east origin dates back to the early 1980's 
and was set forth in my little book on "the little horn of the book of 
daniel" (pages 72,73,89 etc.)

 

the very fact that even some middle east nations are 
specifically mentioned by name as being conquered by the antichrist is 
indicative of his center of operation (see daniel 11:42, 43 where egypt, lybia, and ethiopia 
are specified). 

 

three other middle east nations are said to 
"escape out of his hand" (daniel 11:41, moab, edom, and ammon, which 
are now jordan). 

 

daniel chapter 11:21-45 reveals that he will conquer 
"many countries" in the middle east area, but he will also have considerable 
opposition (daniel 11:32-35).

 

while the "european" theory has been made popular by 
several modern "prophecy teachers," books such as "left behind," and "study 
bibles," it is significant that not a single european nation is 
mentioned by name in the book of daniel. the scriptures in daniel focus on the 
antichrist's activity in the middle east if we must judge by what nations are 
mentioned by name.

 

one has to have a very expansive imagination to come 
up with a european antichrist in the book of daniel.

 

--bob l. ross

(713) 477-2329 

 




posted by bob l. ross @ 1:14 pm
0 comments






thursday, january 07, 2016



	 
	 sunni and shia muslims -- the difference
	 
    

sunni and shia muslims --

what's the difference?
 



daniel 11:5-6 -- king james version (kjv):

 

5 and the king of the south shall be 
strong, and one of his princes; and he shall be strong above him, and have 
dominion; his dominion shall be a great dominion.

6 and in the end of years they shall join themselves 
together; for the king's daughter of the south shall come to the king of 
the north to make an agreement: but she shall not retain the power of 
the arm; neither shall he stand, nor his arm: but she shall be given up, and 
they that brought her, and he that begat her, and he that strengthened her in 
these times.




the news 
reports about the middle east often use the terms "sunni" and "shia" (or 
"shiite") in regard to the conflicting differences between muslim nations such 
as iran and saudi arabia. however, the reports seldom if ever define the 
differences. i have asked several people if they know the difference, and they 
don't know.


the basic difference dates from the 7th century a. d., 
after the death of muhammed in 632,  and it relates to qualifications 
for being the "caliph" (ruler) of the empire.


the shia say the chief ruler musts be in the 
genealogical bloodline of muhammad. the sunni say that it is not necessary to be 
a bloodline descendant of muhammed to be the supreme 
ruler.


the following link is to a web site where the 
difference is explained:

the independent



my understanding of daniel 11:5, 6 is that this 
difference between the muslims was involved in the civil war conflict between 
muhammed's widow, aishah, the daughter of abu baker the first 
caliph, and muhammed's cousin and 
son-in-law, ali, who was married to fatimah. these two went to war over their 
differences, which i understand to be referred to in daniel 11:5, 6. their 
conflict is known as "the battle of the 
camel."


i understand abu bakr to be the man who is called the 
"king of the south," aishah to be the "king's daughter of the 
south," and ali to be the "king of the north" in daniel 11:6. 



i do not understand this passage to refer to the 
ptolemies of egypt and the seleucids of assyria, as is often taught by 
writers, commentaries on daniel, and notes in "study 
bibles." this imposition on daniel 11 apparently originated with jewish sources which hold that daniel's prophecies were fulfilled in pre-new testament times.


however, the keil and delitzsch commentary on 
daniel discloses a dozen or more historical inaccuries in the 
ptolemies/seleucids theory on daniel 11. i have one book which was written to 
present this theory, and the author, walter k. price, acknowledges he is 
"following the chronology" taught by a jewish writer, solomon zeitlin 
(in the final days by walter k. 
price, page 114).


-- bob l. ross

(713) 477-2329
 



posted by bob l. ross @ 11:35 am
0 comments






monday, january 04, 2016



	 
	 a "certain man" in daniel 10:5 
	 
    


can we be certain daniel's vision 
of

a "certain 
man" 
depicts antichrist?



daniel 10:5, 6 -- 
 


"then i lifted up mine eyes, and looked, and 
behold a certain man clothed in linen, whose loins were girded with fine 
gold of uphaz: 
 


"his body also was 
like the beryl, and his face as the appearance of lightning, and his eyes as 
lamps of fire, and his arms and his feet like in colour to polished brass, and 
the voice of his words like the voice of a 
multitude."
 


i must warn you right up 
front that my understanding of this vision of daniel chapter 10 differs 
extremely from what is often taught by others who comment on the vision. for 
instance, the following are just a few of the notables who teach that the vision 
depicts christ:
 


clarence larkin:  
"lord of glory" (commentary 
on daniel, page 220.
 


john gill: "son of 
god" (commentary)
 


john macarthur: "he is 
described almost identically to christ (rev. 1:13, 14)" (macarthur study 
bible, page 1245).

scofield reference bible: "the vision of the glory of god" (daniel 10, chapter heading.
 


could you believe these 
notable men and others who hold this interpretation are mistaken and that the 
"certain man" vision actually depicts the 
antichrist?
 


i do believe for 
certain that they are wrong.
 


in the early 1980's when i 
began to study daniel as never before, i noticed that so many writers were 
simply "going along" with previous sources, just repeating the same ideas. you 
could almost wrap up all the comments on daniel 10 in one package and toss it 
aside, they were so similar in interpretation.
 


i could never accept the 
foregoing interpretation, and i became certain that the "certain man" vision 
represented the antichrist. and here is why:
 


1. all of the symbols 
adorning and embellishing the "certain man" are impressive, but they fall far 
short of the superior symbols pertaining to jesus christ in revelation 1:13-16. 

 


in my "little horn" book 
in chapter 7 i discuss the contrasting symbolism item-by-item. i urge you to do 
the same, and i think you will see that the symbolisms are not "almost 
identically." the symbols associated with christ are far superior to those of 
the "certain man." 
 


notice:
 



the "gold of 
uphaz" is associated with idolatry in 
jeremiah 
10:3-9







the "beryl" is 
associated with satan in ezekiel 28:13.






the face of the 
"certain man" was "as the appearance of lightning" (10:6), whereas the 
countenance of christ was "as the sun shineth in its strength" (rev. 
1:16). you can look at lightning all day and all night, but you can't look at 
the sun but for an instant! 

the eyes of the 
certain man "as lamps" but not equal to the eyes of christ which are "as a flame 
of fire" (rev. l:14).
 



his arms and feet 
"like in colour to polished brass" -- which does not match the superior 
symbolism of christ's feet which were as "fine brass as if they burned in a 
furnace" (1:15).
 


the voice of a 
"multitude" is not comparative to christ's voice as the "sound of many waters" 
such as an ocean (1:15).
 


2. the effect on 
daniel was a degenerating effect -- see 10:8. he was 
corrupted.
 


3. the angel gabriel, 
who was sent to interpret the vision, goes on to do so in chapter 11 (daniel 
10:14, 21; 11:1-45). after the historical summary presented in 11:1-20, from 
11:21 thru 11:45 gabriel describes the "vile person" who 
becomes  the wilful "king" (11:36), the end-time 
antichrist. 
 


4. this same person 
depicted by the "certain man" in daniel 10:5 is the same certain man who is 
responsible for the "abomination of desolation" in daniel 11:31 -- the 
future antichrist (matthew 24:15).5. 
 


the angel gabriel's 
interpretation tales the interpretation of the "certain man" to the end-time 
events just prior to the return of jesus christ 
(11:15-12:1).
 


-- bob l. 
ross

(713) 
477-2329
read my previous articles 
on prophecy at
http://calvinistflyswatter.blogspot.com/



posted by bob l. ross @ 7:32 pm
0 comments






saturday, january 02, 2016



	 
	 daniel: already fulfilled?
	 
    


prophecy in daniel -- already 
fulfilled?





c. h. spurgeon (1834-1892), of unforgettable stature 
in christian history, referred to a commentary on the book of daniel as setting 
forth the "absurd 
hypothesis" that all of daniel's prophecies were 
fulfilled in the period between the old and new testament -- that is, the years 
between malachi and matthew (see spurgeon's commenting and 
commentaries, page 126, review #770).
 

a good friend and customer, a former missionary to 
honduras, was in my book store recently, and i raised the question of his views 
on the prophecies in daniel. 
 

"they have all been fulfilled," he said, and 
indicated they were fulfilled before the coming of christ.  



i then asked, in as gentle a manner as i could muster, 
"if they have all been fulfilled before christ, what did jesus mean in matthew 
24:15 when he referred to the 'abomination of desolation, spoken of by 
daniel the prophet,' as being yet in the future?"


he instantly replied, "i have got to go," 
and immediately left the store.


the theory that daniel's "abomination of 
desolation" had a pre-new testament fulfillment by antiochus 
epiphanes is a jewish idea first alleged in the jewish book of first 
maccabees 1:54, which appears in the apocrypha. later,the first 
century jewish historian, flavius josephus, bought into 
this alleged past fulfillment, and the idea has since gained a place in many 
subsequent sources. no one knows what the "abomination of desolation" is, and it 
is not defined in the scriptures. certainly, josephus, a pharisee priest, did 
not know. 


also, josephus apparently is the "father" of the idea 
that daniel also prophesied of rome's destruction of jerusalem in a. d. 70.  quite a number of 
sources have passed this idea along, but these ideas about daniel's 
prophecies cannot be substantiated by scripture or 
history.


 although we find these alleged 
fulfillments often accepted and perpetuated in commentaries and notes in 
so-called "study bibles," there is nothing in daniel about antiochus epiphanes, 
rome, or a. d. 70; daniel's prophecies are about the 
end-time.


 -- bob l. ross
(713) 477--2329  







posted by bob l. ross @ 3:42 pm
0 comments






thursday, december 31, 2015



	 
	 "the desire of women"
	 
    


what is meant in daniel 11:37 by
"the desire  of women"? 
--12/31/15


in my small 1983 book on the "little horn of the book 
of daniel," i set forth an interpretation of a phrase in daniel 11:37 which i 
later came to regard as a misinterpretation (pages 111, 112). 



the verse in daniel 11:37 refers to the "vile person" 
(antichrist)  of 11:21 as having "no regard for the desire of 
women" (11:37), and i interpreted this as meaning that the antichrist 
would be "homosexual." i no longer believe this is the proper meaning of "the 
desire of women."


rather, i understand the phrase to refer 
to "what women desire." the verse specifies the desire 
"of" women, not the desire "for" 
women.


the biblical definition of the 
"desire" of women is set forth in genesis 3:16: the woman's "desire shall be to 
her husband," meaning that biblical women desire a one-on-one monogamous married 
relationship, not a marriage involving multiple wives or multiple 
husbands.


polygamy (multiple wives) is practiced by muslims. 
polygamy eliminates monogamy. a polygamist has "no regard for the desire of 
women" for the monogamous marriage relationship as taught in genesis 
3:16.


this appears to be another characteristic of the 
antichrist -- that is, he has no regard for monogamous marriage. this does not 
prove he is a muslim, but it is consistent with what muslims 
practice.


 -- bob l. ross


(713) 477-2329 






posted by bob l. ross @ 2:31 pm
0 comments






monday, december 28, 2015



	 
	 characteristics of the antichrist
	 
    



characteristics of the 
antichrist

revealed in the book of daniel -- 
12/28/2015



my eyesight continues to decline. while i have enough 
vision to use the computer, i want to pass along some of the descriptions in the 
book of daniel in regard to the "little horn" [antichrist]. 


there are several characteristics about the end-time 
antichrist revealed in daniel: 

 

1. he "peaceably" obtains power in the 
northern area of the middle east (daniel 8:9; 11:25, 40).

 

2. he conquers "many countries" in the middle 
east, some specified by name: egypt, libya, ethiopia (daniel 11:41-43; 
7:24) 


3. he hates the jews and will attack and 
subjugate israel (daniel 8:11, 12; 9:27; 10:14; 11:28, 31). he even builds his 
"palace" in jerusalem (11:45).


 

4. he employs coded language ["dark 
sentences," 8:23], i.e. encryption.


5. he "thinks to change times and laws" 
(7:25). does this refer to the muslim calendar and sharia 
law?

 

6. he professes "peace" but uses 
forces to advance his cause (11:38). 

 

7. he comes up from among the "ten horns" of the 
fourth beast which has  "iron teeth" (7:7) representing the use of the 
sword to devour, corresponding to  
muslim history in the middle east from the seventh century on to the present 
time.


8. he "forecasts" his "devices," which 
corresponds to what is practiced by the middle east terrorists of our 
time.


9. he is said to "destroy wonderfully" but 
"not by his own power" (8:24). could this refer to the type of 
terrorist methods and weapons we have witnessed in our 
time?


10. he is not an idolater, for he  has no regard for 
"any god" (idol; daniel 11:37). this is consistent with the view that 
he is a muslim.


11. he has no regard for what women desire: 
"no regard for the desire of  women," or what women desire 
(daniel; 11:37). the "desire" of women is stated in genesis 
3:16: "her desire shall be to her husband," which simply means a 
monogamus marriage. the practice of polygamy (many wives) destroys monogamy (one 
wife, one husband).  a muslim polygamist has no regard for the desire of women 
to have a one woman one husband marriage. 

 

12. he will "stand up against the prince of 
princes" (8:25), which i understand to refer to the leading ruler or the 
most notable ruler among the rulers.


these are some but not all of the descriptions in 
daniel that have to do with the antichrist. if you wish to comment, call me at 
--


(713) 477-2329

-- bob l. ross

 




posted by bob l. ross @ 10:00 pm
0 comments






sunday, december 27, 2015




my view about 
antichrist:


he comes from the middle east,
not from europe or elsewhere


many on my email list will remember my understanding 
of prophecies in the book of daniel:


my understanding is that the "little horn" in 
daniel's visions (daniel chapter 7:8, 24,  25; chapter 8:9, 23-25) is also 
called the "certain man" in another later vision (daniel chapter 10:5, 
6). he is an imposter, as the symbols identified with him are inferior to the 
symbols identified with christ in revelation 1:13-16.


this "certain man," is described by gabriel 
in his interpretation of the vision as the "vile person" whose 
end-time destructive career is prophesied 
by the angel in daniel 11:21-45. 


i understand that he is the future antichrist 
or "beast" of revelation 13.  his origin is in the middle 
east, not in europe, the united states, russia, or 
elsewhere.


in 1983, i published a small book on the "little horn 
of the book of daniel" in which i said the following:


"his central power will be in he middle 
east, not in the western gentile kingdoms, as is so often advocated. the 
theory of a "restored roman empire," composed of european common market nations, 
has no foundation in scripture." (page 89).


i repeated this same understanding of daniel's visions 
in a later book, not one stone, in 1993 (pages 1, 71-73), and i 
continue to maintain this understating of daniel's prophetic 
visions.


i contend that there are several misleading ideas in a 
number of "study bibles," commentaries, radio and television programs, and other 
sources dealing with the book of daniel. for instance --


the scofield idea that the "little horn" of daniel 8 
is not the same as the "little horn" of daniel 7, but rather refers to antiochus 
epiphanies in pre-christian history. this theory originated with the jews during 
the old testament period between malachi and matthew 
(see first maccabees 1:54 in the 
apocrypha). i don't find antiochus 
anywhere in daniel.


a similar idea 
is that the "king of the south" and the "king of the north" in daniel 11 refer 
to the ptolemies and seleucids of egypt and assyria. i understand these 
verses to apply to the southern arabs (sunni) and northern 
arabs (shia) from the 7th century onward to the coming of the "vile person" 
in 11:21to 45 


another popular theory is that the "ten toes" 
of daniel 2:43 which are "divided" and "shall not cleave one to 
another" are an end-time "restored holy roman empire." 



i understand the "ten toes" of daniel 2:43 
to represent divided arab nations in 
the end-time. the word "mingle" in daniel 2:43 is the word 
"arab" (see strong's hebrew 
dictionary, #6151). rome is never mentioned anywhere in daniel. 



what is currently taking place in the middle east 
appears to be very similar to what we read in daniel about the "little horn" and 
his characteristics and end-time career. 


is bible prophecy coming to pass? of course, i do not 
know. my "standard" answer about the end-time is that "we are closer to the 
end than we were yesterday."


any question or comment about this article? call 
me at --
713) 477-2329
-- bob l. ross

 


posted by bob l. ross @ 12:02 am
0 comments






thursday, december 17, 2015








the "dark sentences"

of daniel 8:23  


 

by bob l. ross

 

it may simply be coincidental, but has there been a recent 
fulfillment of an item of bible prophecy in daniel 8:23? 

 

in this vision in chapter eight, daniel is informed that the 
"little horn" [the antichrist of the end-time] will have understanding 
of "dark sentences."


 

"and in the latter time of their 
kingdom, when the transgressors are come to the full , a king of fierce 
countenance, and understanding dark sentences, shall 
stand up."

 

this past week, the news media reported that the terrorists of 
the middle east are using "dark encryption"
to convey their destructive exploits. is this what 
daniel 8:23 refers to, or is it merely coincidental? 

 

pass this along to jack van impe, hal lindsey, and irving 
baxter for their analysis.

 

-- bob l. ross 

(713) 477-2329

 




posted by bob l. ross @ 1:59 pm
0 comments






monday, november 02, 2015





joel richardson reveals a change
of views on daniel 11:21-35 


by bob l. ross


daniel 11:21-35: history 
or future? | joel's trumpet 
by joel richardson


in his book, the mid east beast, joel richardson 
followed the theory on daniel 11:21-35 which is presented in several "study 
bibles," including scofield's and those which follow the idea of two "little 
horns" (daniel chapters 7 & 8), one of them supposedly being antiochus 
epiphanes of pre-christian years.


this theory was evidently first imposed on daniel and taught by the jews in the book of 
first maccabees where it is alleged that antiochus set up the "abomination of 
desoltation" (1 mac/ 
1:54), thus fulfilling the prophecy of daniel on that matter. christ refuted 
this idea in matthew 
24:15, kjv.


subsequent study on daniel 11 has led joel to adopt the view which 
is presented on his website. this view (which i have held for years) is that 
daniel 11:21-35 is  simply a part of the chapter from daniel 11:21-45 which 
details the middle east career of the "vile person" who is the antichrist. 
antiochus is not in the prohecy at all. 


daniel had been given a vision of this antichrist in chapter ten 
where he is identified as the "certain man." although impressively adorned, all 
of the symbols of that man are inferior to the symbols representing by jesus 
christ in the vision in revelation 1. the "certain man" in daniel 10 a certain 
imposter, and gabriel explains the vision to daniel in chapter 11 (daniel 
10:14-21, kjv)


hopefully, joel richardson's change of views will inspire other 
students of the book of daniel to reconsider their thinking on this passage, if 
they have followed the idea that antioch us fulfills anything prophetic in this 
book on the endtimes.

for my own views on daniel 11, see this short article 
on the internet:
http://calvinistflyswatter.blogspot.com/


 please forgive any typographical errors in this article, as i am writing it 
with less than normal eyesight.


 bob l. ross
(713-477-2329


posted by bob l. ross @ 11:09 pm
0 comments






wednesday, march 05, 2014



	 
	 bible prophecy: daniel
	 
    



is bible prophecy in daniel 11 
about end-time fulfillments? 


 i understand daniel chapter eleven to be 
prophetic of (1) the origin of the arab empire (muslims) 
in the 7th century a. d. and that (2) the ultimate source of the "little 
horn" (antichrist, per 11:21-45) is the northern area of the 
middle east. in my book, not one stone (page 27) i refer to 
clarence larkin, h. a. ironside, and arthur w. pink who held this latter view. 
larkin calls the antichrist the "syrian horn" (the 
book of daniell, page 248, unabridged edition). 

1. daniel 11:5, 6 is "key" to the view that 11:5-45 focuses on the arab 
empire's arabian origin in the 7th century and the eventual rise of the end-time 
antichrist who takes control of the middle east countries and builds his 
"palace" in jerusalem before he is destroyed (verses 41-45). the 
"south" in daniel 11:5, 6 refers to arabia, not 
egypt. notice this example: the "queen of the 
south" (matthew 12:42; luke 11:31) was the queen of sheba, located in southern 
arabia,"the uttermost parts of the earth." so "the 
south" refers to arabia, not egypt.

2. the first muslim "king of the south" [arabia] was abu bakr 
(632-634 a. d.), the father of aisha, the favorite wife of muhammad. 
the second king, or caliph, was omar (634-644 a.d.), also a 
father-in-law of muhammad. during these few years following the death of 
muhammad in 632, in the south (arabia) a "great 
dominion" originated, even greater than any previous middle east 
empire, according to sir john b. glubb's history, "the empire of the arabs." 
you can find more information on these two caliphs on 
wikipedia. the "south" in daniel 11 
(negeb; see strong's dictionary #5045) refers to the 
vast desert called "arabia," where the cities of mecca and medina are located. 
aisha, muhammad's favorite wife, was the daughter of abu bakr 
-- therefore, she was the "king's daughter of the 
south" (11:6). her opposition to ali (muhammad's son-in-law who 
was married to fatima) helped create the south vs north muslim division 
which has lasted ever since -- sunni vs shia. shiites 
believe that direct descendants of muhammad thru ali's lineage are qualified to 
be "caliph" in islam, whereas sunnis believe direct lineage is not essential to 
being "caliph." see wikipedia for information on this split among the 
muslims. 

 
3. in daniel 11:6, i understand the unique expression, "end 
of years," to be indicative of the muslim calendar of time. it 
begins in 622, the year in which the migration (hegira) by muhammad and 
his disciples from mecca to medina took place. the muslim calendar thereby 
indicates an "end of years." i understand the "king's daughter of the 
south" in daniel 11:6 is applicable to aisha, daughter of the first caliph 
of the south, abu bakr. i think this verse refers to 
the battle between aisha's forces and ali's forces, known as the 
"battle of the camel," which introduces the history of 
the muslims from the seventh century,(11:5-45) -- out of which eventually arises 
the little horn or antichrist (11:21-45). the "battle of the camel" 
took place in 656 a. d. in the "end of years" perind of time, and was 
the initial civil war in islam between sunni and shiites. this was a 
battle between arabs allied with aisha, muhammad's widow who rode 
around on a prized red camel named askar, and arabs which supported 
ali, muhammad's son-in-law, the "solomon of the shiites." see the 
particulars about this battle on wikipedia. 


4. contrary to the view that the ptolemies, seleucids (332-168), and 
antiochus epiphanes somehow fulfill much of daniel 11, the prophecy does not 
refer to them. rather, the "north" refers to the northern division of the arabs 
and the "south" to the southern (early islam by desmond stewart, page 
63) 


5. the "abomination of desolation" (dan. 11:31) is yet in the 
future, according to jesus (matthew 24:15). the idea that it 
was fulfilled by antiochus derives from jewish presumptions in first maccabees 
1:54 in the apocrypha, uninspired jewish writings before the 
first coming of christ. a supposed "chronology" is presented by solomon zeitlin 
in the rise and fall of the judean state). keil and delitzsch 
commentary on daniel cites historical inaccuracies in this chronology. 



6. the supposed "restored holy roman empire," or the "european 
union," is not in daniel 11. there are 27 nations in the eu, and 
none of them is in the middle east. daniel eleven does 
not mention any nation except those in the middle east. the eu theory was 
championed by the late herbert w. armstrong and is perpetuated by his followers 
such as gerald flurry and the "philadelphia church of god."


7. the two legs in the image of daniel chapter 
2 are not rome, but rather they correspond to the two divisions which 
arose among the 7th century arabs -- the southern arabs and northern 
arabs (early islam by desmond stewart, page 63). the ten 
toes of the image represent arab nations which 
developed thru "mingling" of "seed," according to 
daniel 2:43: the word 
"mingle" in the 
original is "arab." (see strong's hebrew dictionary 
#6151). islamic polygamy "arabized" the middle east 
countries from the 7th century a. d.    -- bob l. ross (713) 
477-2329



posted by bob l. ross @ 1:21 pm
0 comments






monday, december 24, 2012



	 
	 merry christmas
	 
    
the calvinist flyswatter hopes that you have a very merry christmas and that our lord and savior jesus christ, the prince of peace, establishes his peace in your heart and life.

merry christmas to all!

charles


posted by charles @ 4:25 pm
0 comments






thursday, december 20, 2012



	 
	 violence in america - where are the pastors?
	 
    
my heart was sad upon hearing the news of the school shooting in connecticut.  scared little children gunned down like it was nothing.  so tragic.  our prayers are with the families during this time.

the causes of the shootings will be discussed and debated for years as will the ways to prevent future tragedies.  guns, mental illness, video games, etc., -- no stone will go unturned in a search for answers.

as is the nature of tragedy, pastors will also seek to provide answers.  to help them, i would like to ask one question:  where were you?  did you preach on the pervasive culture of violence in america?  whether it's music, tv, movies, or video games, violence is graphic and celebrated.  were you men of peace who preached that christians should stay away from such things?  or like pastor jared moore did you celebrate the violence and encourage others to get their enjoyment and entertainment from it?

i believe pastors like jared moore have a lot to answer for.  not in a court of criminal law but in the high court of our lord and savior jesus christ, the prince of peace.

pray for pastors to do the right thing.

charles




posted by charles @ 12:09 pm
0 comments






wednesday, september 26, 2012



	 
	 pastor jared moore celebrates zero baptisms!
	 
    
perhaps in anticipation that someone would look at the annual church profile and discover his church baptized no one during past year,  pastor jared moore has written a blog posting patting himself on the back for his fruitlessness.

most pastors would be ashamed of taking a salary from a church for twelve months without finding one lost person to lead to the lord and baptize.  not brother jared!  the quintessential crybaby calvinist, jared believes his labors were just peachy-keen in the lord's eyes.

one must wonder -- what has jared been doing all year?  has he been doing "the work of an evangelist" as paul said to timothy (2 tim 4:5)?  it would seem not.  we do know, however, that jared has spent quite a bit of time watching ungodly, extremely violent tv shows such as the walking dead.  he claims the grace of god drew him to such violent entertainment. (no, i'm not making this up, read his article about it here.)

i've seen a preview or two for the walking dead and honestly, the preview alone almost makes me ill.  or as jared says, "it’s just as bloody and gory as any movie i’ve ever seen."

i'm going to be blunt.  scripture is clear, god is not pleased with senseless violence and a pastor who is entertained by it and encourages others to be entertained by it has failed in his duty.  the bible commands a pastor to be "not violent but gentle, not quarrelsome" (1 tim 3:3).  remember god's description of how the world was before noah's flood?  "the earth was corrupt in god's sight, and the earth was filled with violence" (gen 6:11).

christians are not to love violence.  in more than one place, god  describes lovers of violence as ungodly and unbelievers.  the bible says,


they were filled with all manner of unrighteousness, evil, covetousness, malice. they are full of envy, murder, strife, deceit, maliciousness... (rom 1:29).the lord tests the righteous, but his soul hates the wicked and the one who loves violence (psa 11:5).with regard to the works of man, by the word of your lips i have avoided the ways of the violent (psa 17:4).do not envy a man of violence and do not choose any of his ways (pro 3:31).for they cannot sleep unless they have done wrong; they are robbed of sleep unless they have made someone stumble. for they eat the bread of wickedness and drink the wine of violence (pro 4:16-17).from the fruit of his mouth a man eats what is good, but the desire of the treacherous is for violence (pro 13:2).be not envious of evil men, nor desire to be with them, for their hearts devise violence, and their lips talk of trouble (pro 24:1-2).

remember what was said of our lord jesus christ by the prophet isaiah?  "and they made his grave with the wicked and with a rich man in his death, although he had done no violence, and there was no deceit in his mouth" (isa 53:9).

here's a challenge to jared.  instead of watching this season's the walking dead, consider that god's grace may be drawing you to go house to house (acts 20:20) in order to share the good news of jesus. (of course i know as an extreme calvinist you believe it's not good news for them if god has not preselected them for salvation but you know what i mean.)  don't be satisfied with fruitlessness. remember, jesus' words: "whoever abides in me and i in him, he it is that bears much fruit, for apart from me you can do nothing. if anyone does not abide in me he is thrown away like a branch and withers; and the branches are gathered, thrown into the fire, and burned"(john 15:5-6).  as i taught you previously jared, the lord delights in sinners being saved in great numbers!

anyway -- try it jared.  just skip the walking dead and go knock on some doors at random and start sharing.  then write another blog post next year and let us know what happened.  i'll covenant to pray for you during this next year.

charles

posted by charles @ 11:51 am
0 comments






friday, september 21, 2012



	 
	 radical calvinist set to become president of midwestern seminary!
	 
    
the search committee of midwestern baptist theological seminary has nominated a radical calvinist to become president of the seminary. the candidate, dr. jason k. allen, hails directly from southern seminary (ground zero for the radical/hybrid/hyper/new/neo calvinist movement in the sbc. he also has ties to founders ministries, a church splitting calvinist "ministry" of which our readers are familiar. 

peter lumpkins has done the heavy lifting on breaking this story and we urge our readers to read what he has to say and to contact the trustees of midwestern.

check peter's articles,

courting disaster: the midwestern baptist theological seminary: part i

no answers about midwestern baptist theological seminary presidential candidate jason k. allen's theology until after trustees vote

comparing what we were told about midwestern's former presidents with what we're told about jason k. allen

midwestern's presidential search team encouraged to abandon their policy of silence midwestern baptist theological seminary trustees

the calvinist flyswatter urges our readers to contact midwestern's trustees!  the southern baptist convention cannot afford to have an al mohler clone as the head of one our our pastor training institutes.

charles

posted by charles @ 11:07 am
0 comments






monday, september 17, 2012



	 
	 son of bob ross goes to be with the lord
	 
    
brother bob ross' son, michael joseph ross, went to be with the lord on september 5th.  i have not been "flyswatting" for a couple of weeks and so did not hear of his dead until just today.  our prayers are with brother bob and his family.

many of you know that brother bob has had some eye trouble and so does not blog as frequently as in days past.  we miss his insights and pray for the strengthening and healing of his eyesight.

god bless you, brother bob, during this time. 

charles

posted by charles @ 10:57 am
1 comments






wednesday, august 08, 2012



	 
	 more proof of the deadness of reformed calvinist doctrine
	 
    
the calvinist flyswatter has long warned southern baptist pastors about the deadness of the new/hybrid/hyper/neo/extreme calvinist doctrine of "regeneration before faith" as taught and promoted by southern seminary and founder's ministry (yes, they actually call it a ministry). we have provided biblical and "real world" evidence of its evils.  now brother peter lumpkins has delivered a crushing blow to the flounders and their deformed reformed friends who promote this hellish doctrine.

read  "preaching "regeneration precedes faith" deadly for baptists in the mississippi valley in the 19th century" at peter's blog.

plus, check bob ross's powerful historical analysis of the origins of the doctrine and his strong arguments against it.

isn't it curious how tom ascol and his band of bloggers continue to ignore all the historical evidence found on the flyswatter?  i wonder when tom nettles is going to repent of his lying to his students now that peter has exposed tom's historical narrative as calvinist propaganda.  no tom and tom, the sbc historically was not what you have tried to make it out to be.

charles


posted by charles @ 5:37 pm
1 comments










an opinion blog that swats the theological flies produced by the reformed calvinist blogosphere.


contributors

charles
bob l. ross



must reading!
 the "model church" of the founders is no more
 who was the founder of the founders?
 founders fostered by pedos?
 is al mohler responsible for the sbc's drop in baptisms?


recent posts

daniel's end-time vision
"gold of uphaz" & antichrist
the false prophet = the strange god
arab history in daniel?
prophecy theories die hard
sunni and shia muslims -- the difference
a "certain man" in daniel 10:5
daniel: already fulfilled?
"the desire of women"
characteristics of the antichrist

archives

march 2006
april 2006
may 2006
june 2006
july 2006
august 2006
september 2006
october 2006
november 2006
december 2006
january 2007
february 2007
march 2007
april 2007
may 2007
june 2007
july 2007
august 2007
september 2007
october 2007
november 2007
december 2007
february 2008
march 2008
april 2008
may 2008
june 2008
july 2008
august 2008
september 2008
october 2008
november 2008
december 2008
january 2009
february 2009
march 2009
april 2009
may 2009
june 2009
july 2009
august 2009
september 2009
october 2009
november 2009
december 2009
january 2010
february 2010
march 2010
may 2010
june 2010
july 2010
august 2010
october 2010
november 2010
september 2011
october 2011
november 2011
january 2012
february 2012
march 2012
april 2012
may 2012
june 2012
july 2012
august 2012
september 2012
december 2012
march 2014
november 2015
december 2015
january 2016
february 2016
may 2016
june 2016

subscribe
 subscribe (atom)
links

southern baptist convention
international mission board
north american mission board
new orleans baptist theological seminary
reformed flyswatter
pilgrim publications
peter lumpkins

important!

how you can have eternal life

popular posts

is al mohler responsible for the sbc's drop in baptisms? 
john calvin vs. "born again before faith"
regeneration -- calvinism
why are calvinist churches usually so small?

humor

breaking rumours from floundersworld!
monkey business
white lightnin'







 






 


