








	north atlantic division, u.s. army corps of engineers


















            an official website of the united states government 
        here's how you know 
        







 official websites use .mil a .mil website belongs to an official u.s. department of defense organization in the united states.



secure .mil websites use https a lock (lock  ) or  https:// means you’ve safely connected to the .mil website. share sensitive information only on official, secure websites.








skip to main content (press enter).




us army corps of engineers
north atlantic division website










®








           about
        



           leadership
        
 

           regional centers of expertise
        



           bridge inspection
        
 

           deep draft navigation
        
 

           fire protection
        
 

           groundwater modeling
        
 

           hazardous toxic radioactive waste
        
 

           radiological health physics
        
 

           secure facility design
        
 

           subsurface exploration
        
 



           national centers of expertise
        



           coastal storm risk management (planning)
        
 

           dam safety national support team
        
 

           dod national relocation program
        
 

           dodea design center
        
 

           enhanced use lease program
        
 

           marine design center
        
 



           wellness
        
 



           business with us
        



           contracting
        
 

           regulatory & permitting
        



           appealed decisions
        
 

           appeals process
        
 



           small business
        
 



           missions
        



           civil works
        



           civil works review plans
        
 

           levee safety program
        
 

           navigation
        
 

           planning
        
 

           recreation
        
 

           regulatory program
        
 



           environmental
        
 

           military missions
        
 

           readiness and contingency ops
        
 

           sustainability
        
 



           locations
        



           usace locations
        
 



           careers
        



           how to apply
        
 

           internships
        
 

           career fairs
        
 

           eeo
        
 



           media
        



           news
        
 

           images
        
 

           rss
        
 

           videos
        
 



           library
        



           contact
        



           nad district offices
        
 

           usace office locator
        
 

           emergency
        
 

           frequently asked questions
        
 



























hot info




















north atlantic division news









u.s. army corps of engineers announces full restoration of potomac river impacted by aviation incident

                2/11/2025 
            

                the u.s. army corps of engineers (usace), baltimore district, together with u.s. coast guard (usgc) and u.s. navy’s supervisor of salvage and diving (supsalv), today announced that six days ahead of...
            





u.s. army corps of engineers, partners, complete large wreckage removal following potomac river aviation incident 

                2/6/2025 
            

                the u.s. army corps of engineers (usace), baltimore district, together with the u.s. coast guard (uscg) and u.s. navy’s supervisor of salvage and diving (supsalv), marked a significant milestone in...
            





u.s. army corps of engineers, partners, develop tentative timeline to clear wreckage following potomac river aviation incident 

                2/1/2025 
            

                baltimore – as the u.s. army corps of engineers (usace), baltimore district continues working with local, state and federal partners to clear the wreckage along the potomac river following the mid-air...
            


usace, virginia beach to host public meetings on coastal storm risk management study feb 3-8 

                1/31/2025 
            

                the u.s. army corps of engineers norfolk district alongside the city of virginia beach will host four in-person engagement opportunities during the week of feb. 3-8 in support of the virginia beach...
            





u.s. army corps of engineers is supporting response and recovery operations following potomac river aviation incident 

                1/30/2025 
            

                u.s. army corps of engineers (usace), baltimore district has activated its emergency operations center, clearing the way for response and recovery support to local, regional and federal agencies...
            





.

                1/24/2025 
            

                bart de martino, a regulatory project manager in the u.s. army corps of engineers’ new york district operations division, regulatory branch, metro ny/nj section, has retired after 45 years of service...
            





2 for 1: dredging, sand placement is double benefit for long island’s south shore, barrier beaches

                1/24/2025 
            

                the u.s. army corps of engineers, new york district, has commenced essential maintenance dredging for the fire island inlet and shores westerly to jones inlet new york beach erosion control and...
            







view more

































the districts of the north atlantic division

















baltimore district
small craft operator andy boyle surveys the waters of the potomac river near ronald reagan washington national airport, while on the way to the tidal basin gates in washington, d.c. (u.s. army photo by christopher fincham)













europe district
u.s. army corps of engineers, europe district project engineer chris hood and a contractor discuss progress at ongoing administrative facility renovations on smith barracks in baumholder, germany. (u.s. army photo by chris gardner)













new england district
the new bedford hurricane protection barrier lies across new bedford and fairhaven harbor. it is approximately 50 miles south of boston. the project protects about 1,400 acres in new bedford, fairhaven, and acushnet from tidal flooding associated with hurricanes and coastal storms. it is one of three hurricane barriers within the new england district. (u.s. army photo by joshua voda)













new york district
project manager david gentile, new york district, u.s. army corps of engineers showing the union beach, new jersey coastal storm risk management project to new york district commander, col. alexander young and dignitaries. (u.s. army photo)













norfolk district
anthony lockridge, supervisory facility operations specialist and dam operator for usace norfolk district, exits the gathright dam outlet tunnel during a semi-annual dam inspection. (u.s. army photo by breeana harris)













philadelphia district
francis e. walter dam, owned and operated by the u.s. army corps of engineers, operates as a system in conjunction with beltzville dam to reduce flooding in the downstream communities along the lehigh river and preventing over $245 million in flood damage to the lehigh river valley. (u.s. army photo)





















essayons








our mission
deliver vital engineering solutions, in collaboration with our partners, to secure our nation, energize our economy, and reduce disaster risk.


about the north atlantic division website
the official public website of the north atlantic division, u.s. army corps of engineers. for website corrections, write to dll-cenado-pa@usace.army.mil













plain languageopen governmenteeo & sharpsmall businessaccessibilityquality factslink disclaimerprivacy & securitycontact usno fear actsite mapusa.gov


igfoiaisalute



















hosted by defense media activity - web.mil













