


microburst technologies, inc. - online resource reservation software, school walk-a-thon software, school carline software, and other web software tools



















































microburst technologies, inc.
















who we are



we are a web software company specializing in web business applications.  our goal is to provide a line of high-quality, easy-to-use and affordable web business tools and applications.  



our line of uproducts™ makes it easy for businesses to conduct business on the web. we offer a variety of uproducts from online resource schedulers to online fundraising software to online sports management software....  and we are developing more uproducts every day!  



most of our uproducts can be purchased as stand alone applications that you can install easily on your own web server and run totally independent of us.  we also offer hosting for most of our uproducts so that if you don't want to install and maintain the software yourself, we can handle that for you.  either way, you and your website visitors will benefit from our high-quality, easy-to-use and affordable web business products.






our uburst story
user friendly software
by
underpaid
rocket 
scientists
trying to make a few extra bucks


it all started with a shopping cart.



actually it started with a few engineers working at kennedy space center (a.k.a. rocket scientists) who had some extra time on their hands...


read more











our uburst story (continued...)

(continued)

on july 14th, 1997 they formed a corporation known as microburst technologies, inc. initially the company's main revenue stream was generated by the consulting income from space center contracts. then (and this is where the shopping cart part comes into the story) - one of the engineers - bill weiner - was asked if he could come up with a shopping cart for use on a newly designed website.

on october 1, 1997 the beta version of ushop 1.0 was released.  
ushop™, the web's first java based shopping cart, became the first in what is now our long line of "uproducts".  we now have "uproducts" for everything 
from scheduling resources online to running school walk-a-thons to managing sports teams to helping non-profit organizations fundraise and much, much more! 

but we think "it all started with a shopping cart" sounds better.

				









our products

from online resource schedulers to fundraising sofware to school carline management software, we offer a variety of web business tools and applications that make it easy for businesses to conduct business on the web.


		featured product:



			ureserveonline resource schedulingsystem
		



ureserve is an online resource scheduling system that allows members in your organization to reserve any type of resource such as conference rooms, labs, computer systems, electronic equipment, tutors and more!
		
read more




what we offer







			uwalkschool walk-a-thonfundraising software
		



uwalk allows you to manage all aspects of a school walk-a-thon fundraiser including accepting online donations, enabling volunteer signups, and more!
		
read more





			ucarline school carline management software
		



ucarline is a carline management system designed to help schools run their carlines easily and efficiently from any computer or mobile device.
		
read more








			usponsorsponsor management and collaboration software
		



manage sponsors for events and fundraisers!  with usponsor you can manage sponsors, assign sponsors, track donations, share documents and much more!
		
read more





			ureserveonline resourcescheduling system
		



ureserve is an online resource scheduling system that allows members in your organization to reserve any type of resource such as conference rooms, computer systems, electronic equipment, company cars, tutors and more!
		
read more








			uteammatemobile team communicationsoftware
		



mobile team communication software for coaches, parents, team moms and sports clubs!
		
read more





			ugolfonline tee timescheduler
		



ugolf is a tee time scheduling system that allows golfers to reserve tee times online.
		









			ushoponline shoppingsystem
		



ushop is a java-based online shopping system that consists of a series of java applets and javascripts that plug easily onto any web page.
		






			ustorekeeperonline shoppingcart system
		



ustorekeeper is a complete e-commerce software solution that provides all you need to build, operate, and maintain an online store.
		









			usignin in/out boardand personnel trackingsystem
		



usignin is a complete web based in/out board and personnel tracking solution that provides all you need to help organize and keep track of your office personnel.
		







and there are lots more in our library!  inquire about your web application needs.
		
inquire
















customizations

all of the applications in our line of uproducts have been designed with flexibility in mind so that they can be configured to  meet many different business needs.  that said, sometimes the various configuration options of a product still don't meet a  certain business need or requirement.  if any of our uproducts almost fit your needs but need a little "customizing"... we  can help you!  

we offer customizations on all of our uproducts... with a quick turn-around time and affordable rates.  contact us for details.
				
contact us



installation for u

all of our stand-alone applications have been designed to install easily and with minimal configuration steps, however, we do  offer an installation service in case you would rather us handle the installation of the software for you on whatever server you  want.  contact us for details. 
				
contact us




hosting for u

we offer hosting for all of our uproducts.  by choosing to host the software on our server, you won't have to worry about setting up, configuring, or managing your software.  we'll do that for you!  contact us for pricing and the various payment options.
				
contact us










partnering with us


as a software company specializing in web business software and doing business with people all around the world every day, we  understand the huge business potential and the multitude of business opportunities that are available through the world wide  web.  we also understand how establishing mutually beneficial relationships and business partnerships can help businesses tap  into those opportunities and grow both physically and financially.  



we are open to - and welcome - all business opportunities such as reselling and/or rebranding our software, site and multi- license discounts, advertising exchanges, and more!  send us an email and a business representative will get back with you to  discuss how we can help each other be successful.


contact us

















technical support for u


online help

each of our products has it's own online help page and reference site containing answers to the most common configuration and management questions.  the online help sites contain a wealth of information immediately available to our customers and are updated on a regular basis.


online help






support request form

each of our products have a support request form built-in to the admin panel.  this is the fastest way to get help as that form will 
send us an email and a text message directly to the support engineer that is on call.  we will reply within 1 business day (and 
quite often within the hour if during regular business hours.)









email us!

you may also email any questions directly to us at support@uburst.com.  not quite as efficient as using the support request form, but 
we'll still try to address all emails within 1 business day (pending our current support workload).













uproduct online help



ucarline online help: http://www.uburst.com/ucarline/help.html

ureserve online help: http://www.uburst.com/ureserve/help.html

usponsor online help: http://www.uburst.com/usponsor/help.html

uwalk online help: http://www.uburst.com/uwalk/help.html


return to support







legacy reference sites

udirectory reference site

udownload reference site

ugolf reference site

ureserve reference site

ushop reference site

usignin reference site

ustorekeeper reference site

uteammate reference site













email us



please email any general questions or inquiries to us at
info@uburst.com.


for support related questions, please refer to support





our address

view larger map 


					microburst technologies, inc.
				

					3810 murrell road, #243
					rockledge, fl 32955
					phone: (321) 639-7377
					email: info@uburst.com












more page


























developing
innovative internet software
since 1997
 
read more





creating the
web tools
that make your life easier
 
read more






technologies
is our middle name



read more





it's all about 
u




read more





featured product:
ureserve
online resource scheduling system
 
read more





whats hot!
uwalk
mobile school fundraising software
 
read more









about us

products

services

partners

support

contacts














           © copyright 2025. all rights reserved.     |      privacy policy     |      email us








