



clinical psychology associates of north central florida  gainesville ocala  florida
































about / contact / join mailist

about us
contact us
join our mail-list


assessment services

autism spectrum disorder
psychological and neuropsychological assessment
forensic evaluation & testing
brain & head injuries
adhd assessment
dementia evaluation


staff

dr. bordini
dr. caramiello
dr. evans
independent practices

dr. clifton
stacy carmichael, ph.d., abpp




therapy and treatment services

general services
psychotherapy consultation
children & adolescents
adhd

therapy and referral services


medical psychology
alcohol and drug treatment services
relationships and marital
geriatric


medical psychology

medical psychology
major illnesses
eating disorders
traumatic injury
chronic pain
headache management


neuropsychological services

pediatric neuropsychological assessment
neuropsychological assessment
brain injuries
childhood brain injury
adhd and ld assessment
head injury classification
forensic neuropsychology


employee assistance programs

city of gainesville eap


articles,tips & archives
community & web resources

community and health links
presentations/continuing education
speakers/media
books & reading


practice news
clinical psychology e-magazine
hipaa/payment & insurance

confidentiality notice
terms of service
payment/insurance


download forms
chadd of alachua county
home page
follow us on facebook
















the web
cpancf.com
   












 




 



 




clinical psychology associates of north central florida   
gainesville - ocala  (352) 336-2888     cpancf.com 


 





welcome to our private practice website where you will find information about our psychological and neuropsychological assessment and therapy services for brain injuries, adhd, learning disabilities, autism, and other disorders. we have a wealth of articles about psychological and neuropsychological testing, clinical psychology, psychiatric, neurological, and medical conditions, coping in the workplace, and other topics with links to helpful resources. search a term in the google box on the left to find relevant articles and information.
clinical psychologists offer a range of psychological, neuropsychological assessment, and therapy services.     
assessment services include:


psychological assessment, clinical and forensic adult and pediatric neuropsychological assessment
of traumatic brain injuries, adhd, autism spectrum disorders, ptsd, and neurodevelopmental disorders.
iq and ld testing


 specialty assessment areas include:


adult and pediatric head injury (mild traumatic brain injury to severe traumatic brain injuries)
other neurological injuries (toxic exposure, anoxia, etc.)
autism spectrum disorders 
neurodevelopmental disorders
accommodations for gre, mcat, lsat, medical board, and bar exams
anxiety and mood disorders
adjustment to major medical illness
department of transportation (dot) certified substance abuse professional (sap) evaluations
psychological violence risk assessments in employment and school settings.
formal fitness for duty evaluations (ffde) for law enforcement, medical and other safety personnel.
pre-surgical psychological evaluations for bariatric surgery, spinal cord stimulators, morphine pumps and other procedures.
ptsd
chronic pain and personal injury evaluations.
specific learning disorders
adhd attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder

we also provide employee assistance program services. 


psychotherapy is offered for adults, adolescents and children. we offer treatment for depression, loss, anxiety disorders, adjustment problems, alcohol or substance abuse and other difficulties.
 





 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 






reposted article:  coping with school shootings
new article:  sleep and health concerns in shift workers 4/19/17              
featured article:  autism spectrum disorders: changes in dsm-5
hurricane alert!  stress management powerpoint for responders






 
cpancf is the owner/publisher of 
neuropsychologycentral.com
 

 

to schedule appointments for psychological or neuropsychological testing, or to schedule an intake for therapy please direct all calls to the gainesville office: 
main office:
2121 nw 40th terr. ste b
gainesville, fl 32605
ph: (352) 336-2888
fax: (352) 371-1730
hours of operation:
monday-friday
9:00 am - 5:00 pm


directions to gainesville office: 
use our map
  
note: mapquest and many gps systems will direct you to the opposite side of nw 16th ave from where we are. 

we are located in northwest gainesville, in the millhopper area. 
nw 40th terrace is directly across from the 
community playhouse, on the same side as fresh market, but before the light if you are traveling west on nw 16th ave from 34th.

ocala office*
note; please send correspondence to our gainesville office
 
clinical psychology associates of north central florida
3620 ne 8th place, ste 3, ocala, fl 34470

brochure of our general services
cognitive-behavioral and short-term psychodynamic therapy.
fading away: weight loss and shifts in identity (powerpoint).
 
body image and eating disorder powerpoint
shop amazon for books on sports concussions

shop amazon for books and resources for coping with dementia.
order old jarhead poems: the heart of a marine. all author royalties go to the injured marine semper fi 
fund to help wounded veterans.
staff specialties include neuropsychological assessment, pediatric, and medical psychology, ptsd. alcohol and drug treatment and dual diagnosis



click for presentations and continuing education for psychologists.

first responder presentation to gainesville fire and rescue (pdf) - 11/20/13
 
news:
tv20 interview:
post-election blues
tv20 news: helping children cope with school shootings.
msn: 12 signs you may need a health makeover
dr. bordini: florida's fentanyl problem
 oct. 12 2018  dr. bordini presenting on school threat assessment
 dr. bordini testifies in brianna williams trial
 




 

 
self-referrals welcome. see further below if you are involved in a legal case.
  

executive director:
ernest j. bordini, ph.d.,              
licensed psychologist                                       
clinical and forensic neuropsychology
 
follow us on facebook                  verified by psychology today
 


 staff:  we are recruiting for psychologists, neuropsychologist
 or post-doc residents
 



 
proudly providing employee assistance services to city of gainesville employees.
insured city of gainesville employees and eligible dependents get three free visits and
insured city of gainesville employees and dependents can continue with our 
office for $25 copayments after the 3 free visits. 
                                

                                                            
 
visa/mc/amex/union




 
awards
 
dr. bordini was honored with top clinical psychologist in the usa award 
in the healthtap.com winter 2013 top doctor competition. also 5th in florida for all specialties.
 
 we did it again! hall of fame award for more than 10 years as best of ocala mental health clinic  


 

 2004 sapphire award from the city of gainesville during small business week
 
 dr. bordini was named as a distinguished psychologist by the florida psychological association. 
 
 he has earned awards for diagnostic excellence from the university of florida department of clinical 
 and health psychology including the molly harrower award.

forensic evaluations include plaintiff or defense requested psychological or neuropsychological
independent medical examinations (ime), 
formal fitness for duty evaluation (ffde), 
disability evaluations and psychological evaluation in criminal homicide cases.


if you are involved in a legal case and need a comprehensive evaluation, this must be arranged 
through your attorney or through the defense/insurance company.


employment and volunteer position openings
 
we are recruiting for the following positions
1. child/adolescent psychologist or postdoctoral psychology resident
2. adult psychologist or postdoctoral psychology resident
3. pediatric neuropsychologist or postdoctoral psychology resident
 
applications with cover letter and cv to info@cpancf.com 
see recruiting for more information. 

 
volunteer internship interviews for fall semester 2023
2-day per week (full day) internships (3 month or one semester minimum commitment) 
 
we are seeking a business partnership with someone who is currently an apa-approved ce provider
 to offer online ce programs for psychologists through our neuropsychologycentral.com website. 
send proposal toinfo@cpancf.com
 
click link above for more information.





 

attention: blue cross blue shield and medicare
 
due to changes in reimbursement to providers and bcbs contracting with new direction for mental health 
effective november 2011, we also discontinued accepting medicare patients and discontinued participating 
as in-network providers with bcbs (or any other insurance company).  

 
we'll remain fiercely independent as long as there is support for that. 

  

we will provide bcbs or other insurance enrollees with a superbill that can be filed with 
your insurance company if it has out-of-network benefits and you wish to do that. 
see the download forms link on the far left menu bar for some of the more common
 bcbs out-of-network forms.
  












 

 





 

















































 
 
 
 
 
 



 


 





gainesville office: 2121 nw 40th terr. ste b. gainesville, fl 32605  -   phone: (352) 336-2888  -   fax: (352) 371-1730
ocala office: 108 n. magnolia, suite 309, ocala, fl 33475  -   phone: (352) 629-1100   email us  terms of service  privacy policy 



