






preble county auditor - preble county auditor's office



































            lavon wright
        


preble auditor 
 | 
preble county, ohio






























home


search


map


reports

sales search
comparable sales



forms


links

2.5% tax reduction
board of revision
budget commission
cauv
chief fiscal officer
cigarette license
conveyance fee
dog license
gis downloads
homestead exemption
manufactured homes
ohio estate tax
real estate valuation
tax estimator
vendor's license
weights & measures













as preble county auditor and on behalf of my staff, i, lavon wright, would personally like to welcome you to the preble county auditor’s office web site!
as an elected official, i believe my most important duty is to serve you, the people of preble county. thus, probably the most important feature of this web site is the wide range of services that can be obtained here. another advantage of the web site is that, unlike the county offices, web sites have no office hours. information on the home page will be available 24 hours a day, seven days a week. this will enable those people who cannot get to our office during the traditional office hours to access information they need.
as county auditor, my responsibilities are varied and extensive. i am the chief fiscal officer for the county as well as the tax valuation assessor. it is my job to see that the funds of preble county are spent legally and that tax revenues are distributed properly, but i do not audit anyone. the auditor of state has that responsibility. as tax valuation assessor, i am required to have each parcel of real estate valued at market value every six years. the ohio tax commissioner typically orders a statistical adjustment three years later based on actual market sales in our county.
our office processes various license applications on behalf of the state of ohio, most notably dog license, as well as vendor license and retail cigarette license. we also administer several property tax reduction programs such as homestead and current agricultural use valuation.
as the county sealer of weights and measures, i protect both buyers and sellers by maintaining equity in the marketplace and can save the average household up to hundreds of dollars each year. gas pumps or grocery store scales are inspected to make sure you get the quantity of the product you paid for. look for the inspection seal.
i sincerely believe this web site will provide yet another valuable avenue for information to flow between my office and the people of preble county.
sincerely,lavon wrightpreble county auditor





contact us 






101 east main streetp.o. box 361eaton, ohio 45320-0361









(937) 456-8148









(937) 456-8108









8:00a-4:00p









lwright@prebco.org








news

the preble county treasurer is hiring
sep 23 2024
please click this link for job details:   deputy clerk position description


2023 reappraisal values now available
sep 29 2023


read more...



state mandated (orc 5713.01 (b)) reappraisal of all properties
oct 27 2021
the preble county auditor is beginning the process of a state mandated (orc 5713.01 (b)) reappraisal of all properties. the reappraisal is a two-year process with new values being established for tax year 2023, for taxes payable in 2024. beginning in october 2021 and running through the end of 2022 there will be photographers obtaining photos for use in the reappraisal process. these photos are for in office use only. these individuals will be working on behalf of the preble county auditor’s office, but are employed by appraisal research corporation. they will be identified with badges, safety vests, and car signs.  the photographer’s will be following recommendations from the cdc and ohio health department while also practicing social distancing protocols. questions should be directed to the preble county auditor’s office at 937-456-8148 between 8:00 am and 4:00 pm.
thank you for your patience and understanding during this process.

read more...



welcome to the preble county auditor’s office web site!
may 15 2020
as an elected official, i believe my most important duty is to serve you, the people of preble county. thus, probably the most important feature of this web site is the wide range of services that can be obtained here. another advantage of the web site is that, unlike the county offices, web sites have no office hours. information on the home page will be available 24 hours a day, seven days a week. this will enable those people who cannot get to our office during the traditional office hours to access information they need.

read more...



auditor parcel combinations
may 15 2020
lakengren has had a lot of auditor parcel combinations completed in the last few months.although the new parcel is showing all of the lots that were requested to be combined are in fact combined.

read more...



cauv information
may 15 2020
the preble county auditor, lavon wright, with the support from preble county farm bureau, would like to provide information regarding changes to current agricultural use valuation (cauv).

read more...








                        2010 flood zones
                    

2010 flood zones can be accessed through the mapping section of the website. select the map link at the top of the page.






                        tax estimator
                    

new! tax estimator - estimate your property tax by taxing district and property value.






                        2024 tax rates
                    

download tax year 2024 tax rates here.
 








links to surrounding county auditor websites:



darke county, ohio
montgomery county, ohio
butler county, ohio
















population 42,270parcels 24,618 






        © 2025 copyright:  schneider geospatial, llc
|
 terms of service















