





diploma | diploma website














            islamabad board of certified and skilled professionals
        
established under act xxi of 1860  govt of punjab - pakistan


;
            














home


about us


programs


verification


contact












;

             




it and management





engineering trades








welcome to the islamabad board of certified and skilled professionals

      the islamabad board of certified and skilled professionals (ibcsp) has been established as a statutory body under the society registration act (xxi of 1860), by the government of pakistan under the national training ordinance – 1980, amended by ordinance – 2002, 
      on the initiative of the world bank, ilo, and the employers’ federation of pakistan. 
      


      our mission is to create flexible, demand-driven, and cost-effective technical and vocational training programs with maximum participation from employers. 
      our primary social objective, aligned with the goals of our organization, governments, and the who, is to enable all people worldwide to achieve a level of health by 2050 that allows them to lead socially and economically productive lives.
      the core aims of the islamabad board of certified and skilled professionals are to promote technical and health education, provide well-trained and highly skilled professionals to society, and reduce unemployment rates. as an employer-led autonomous organization, we operate under the national training board, employing a public-private partnership methodology. working mechanism.
     
    





register government of punjab


  project 
  pakistan health sciences council & skill organization





mode of studies

  we develop diverse, student- and workplace-oriented learning
  environments that promote personal and professional growth, communal
  responsibility and active citizenship.



regular education

      "regular education" is the term often used to describe the
      educational experience of typically developing students.
    


fast track/rpl education

      fast track/rpl education recognition of prior learning rpl and
      skills recognition is a simple process of formal recognition
      through which you turn your experience or overseas qualification
      into an country recognized qualification.
    


distance education

      distance education, also called distance learning, is the
      education of students who may not always be physically present
      at a institutions
    













      question about course trade
    

      fill in the form and we will answer your question.
    















      request a quote
    







get in touch




info@ptec.edu.pk



            connect with us
          




















quick links




          home
        




          about
        




          trades
        




          apply online
        




          verification
        




          contact
        


downloads




          affiliation form
        




          application form for correction in name
        




          before time certificate diploma form
        




          examination admission form
        




          retotaling form
        




          verification form
        




          exam result sheet
        


subscribe us!


          search
        



      copyright © by
      pakistan technical & educational council


;
          








