

computer tyme web hosting - let us host your web site.





computer tyme web hosting
let us host your web site.



why computer tyme hosting



there's a million hosting companies out there - so why choose us? what make us different from the rest? we specialize in a few areas - in particular - free speech and spam and virus filtering. if you are looking for free speech web hosting and the best spam and virus filtering on the planet - we are the host for you. our specialties hosting political and consumer rights sites.  we also host sites that are critical of corporation and where companies have threatened you over things that you are legally allowed to post but other hosting companies who don't understand the law as well are scared off by threats. 


quick links


junk email filter - world's best spam filter for your domain
support wiki - technical support information pages

pricing - what does it cost?
web mail interface - registered user login to get your email online
marxmail - get a marxmail email address on this system
email preprocessing - front end email virus/spam filtering for other domains from junkemailfilter.com
how the spam filter works - what makes my spam filter so much better than everyone elses.
free email backup - free email mx backup service
outbound spam filter - my outgoing spam filtering service

computer tyme software - my old computer tyme software company



if you saw the john c. dvorak (good man!) article - the death of email - in pc magazine - or show #18 on this week in tech - we have three spam filtering services. we can provide you with individual marxmail accounts you@marxmail.net ($30/year) - or we can filter your email domain and pass it on you your existing server ($100 year) - or we can host your email domain which allows you to create accouns and aliases on my server ($150 year). yes - we do host john's email. 

one thing we can't do if filter your existing single email account on a domain we don't control. so - let me know if one of the above solutions will work for you. 


what we do


free speech web hosting - do you have a controversial site? are you trying to expose wrongdoing and have been driven off other hosts because the lawyers of scammers intimidated other hosts by threatening
lawsuits? we
don't scare easilly here. we are familiar with copyright and trademark law and not afraid to stand up to lawyers trying to block legal content. our slogan this year is - no anti-bush site left behind. 
spam filtering - we have developed the best spam filtering and spam processing technology on the planet. how do we do it? it's based on spam
assassin and exim rules as well as using direct delivery of spam into imap mail folders. basically - we use every trick there is and some we invented. spam
is presorted with multi-level tagging (spam-high - spam-low) so that you can more easilly find false positives. a web mail interface is provided so that you can
check your mail on the road from any web browser. 


virus filtering - we do not pass executable windows programs through our email system. thus we don't have to figure out if the message is infected or not. if it's executable - it's gone. often anti-virus
programs can not detect the
latest virus because it's virus tables don't know about the latest one. on our server we don't have that problem so the latest viruses don't get passed the mail server. 
marxmail for individual email accounts - maybe you don't have an email domain but just want an individual email account that is spam and virus free - supports encryption - and has a web mail interface for
when you are traveling. we sell marxmail accounts for someone who just wants one or two email accounts without needing a whole domain. what make our spam and virus filtering
better that everyone elses? here's a detailed explaination of how it works. 
domain email only hosting - satisfied with your current web hosting but need something better for your email? we do email only domain hosting. you can take advantage of our fully featured email system that
has spam and virus filtering as well as support for pop and imap accounts - encryption for your privacy - and a web mail interface for when you travel. another web interface allows you to create new email accounts and
manage your passwords and aliases. 
front end spam/virus filtering for your existing email server - already have an email server set up that you are committed to - but still want to get rid of the spam and viruses? we can be a front end spam
and virus gateway for your existing server. we can be set up to intercept your email - clean it - and pass it on to you. it's compatible with all email servers and is very easy to set up. here's the details!




right now we're just a small hosting company with a dedicated server from a big hosting company with good values for those who are too big for other people's small packages and to small for your own dedicated server.




what's different about us is that we offer a relatively flat linear pricing structure. many hosts have good opening deals, but when you get to a certain bandwidth level or disk usage level your costs skyrocket. our
pricing is based on a pay for what you use model allowing us to be a good deal at any size without having to worry about crossing any lines that kick you into a higher bracket. 





we specialize in free speech hosting. although we don't host anything illegal, we are more likely to host controversial sites that other companies who are less committed to free expression. we work closely with the electronic frontier foundation to ensure that if you have something to say - that no one is going to stop you from saying it. 

we are strong believers in backing up data. the main serve has two hard drives and the server is also backed up at off site locations. we also have a system that creates snapshot backups every night and stores 10 days
of changed data allowing us to retrieve deleted or overwritten files for over a week. if you accidentally deleted something - let us know and we can probably get it back for you. 

having said that - ultimately you are responsible for backing up your own data and its good practice to do so. the natural state of all equipment is broken. maintenance is the artificial intervention into that natural
state. every hard drive will eventually fail some day. the only questions is - when it fais - do you have a copy somewhere else? if not - its gone! 


free speech hosting




we are very strong supporters of free speech and free expression and resist any attempts of governments to impose limits on what can be said on the web. therefore, we allow content that many of the larger hosting
companies might not. this is not to say that we allow anything and everything. but we believe strongly that the web belongs to the people of the world, and that it transcends governmental control. 

what makes computer tyme hosting different than most other companies when it comes to free speech and privacy is that when other companies are threated by lawyers - they don't have the expertise or want to deal with the
issues of determining if the lawyers who is making the threat has any legal basis to do so. we are not so timid around lawyers and we are familiar with legal issues surrounding fair use, trademark, copyright and
slander. so if a lawyer calls us demanding that something be taken down - or that i turn over information about customers - they better have a legitimate court order in hand to do so - or we just tell them to get
f**ked! and - there are quite a few lawyers out there that i've said that to. so if you are exposing corporate and government corruption - or just want to build a sucks site - you have a home with computer tyme hosting.




for example, france prohibits allowing it's citizens to view web sites with nazi related materials, or trade merchandise from world war ii. as a result, sites like yahoo/geocities scan their web pages and take down
pages that say the word "hitler" in them anywhere. thus this page itself would be banned from geocities. our position is that france doesn't have the right to censor the web and french citizens are welcome to read
whatever they want here and the government of france can go fuck themselves. i'm legal savvy and france doesn't scare me. neither does the united states. so we permit content that governments find offensive. 

other examples include exposing online scams. lawyers call me threatening everything in the world and i just tell them to go win a lawsuit and bring me an order with a judges signature on it - or don't bother wasting my
time. if the lawyer makes a false representation - i file a bar complaint in the jurisdiction where they are licensed. 

what is not permitted is child pornography, extreme hate speech, and ripping off intellectual property. we do not police the content of your site. but if we are notified that you are posting copyrighted material, or
material ripped off from other web sites without the author's permission, we will take the material down. this also including pirated software and pirated music files. 

we permit sexually oriented material as long as you are willing to pay for the data transfer costs. we reserve the right to require a deposit in advance for high data transfer sites. 


we've been around for a while

our sites have been up and running since january of 1996 and we have a lot of web
serving experience. we've been online since before 99.9% of all the other companies started. we've been around longer than google. 

~ this server is proud to host ~



if it's real - we believe in it!









email



home















copyright terms





