







pa, nj, de pinball machine repair experts!  sales and service!











 






 
main
about
        us
rates
        & services
restorations
warranty
games
        for sale
parts
        for sale
buying
        tips
maintenance
        tips
pinball
        links
specials!
contact
        us

 




sorry, but we are no longer
          offering in-home service.


          we will take some repairs in the shop if you are able to bring the
          machine.


uncompensated
          customer testimonials
          
"from the moment i placed my first call to ron for help,  he was very friendly to speak with on the phone, offered to make a house-call to assess the situation,  scheduled an appointment in the same week, called on his way to let me know his timeline, and arrived on-time.  and most importantly, was able to fix the machine and improve it’s overall operation.  ron was a pleasure to get to know, and is very professional and thorough in his work.  i am thrilled with his help, and am very comfortable doing business again!  thank you ron for restoring a fun entertainment outlet for our family!"
wj-landenberg, pa


"we
            were thrilled when ron came to our house and brought our pinball
            machine back to life.  ron was very knowledgeable and
            professional and finished the repairs quickly.  he also took
            the time to show us what he had done and to make sure we were happy
            with the results.  we strongly recommend his services!"

            sf-lambertville, nj
"i am happy to report that the creature from the black lagoon pinball is very well and everyone is enjoying him.  for our family though, the game is so much more than that.  the addition of our well cared for pinball from the pinball clinic has given our family a reason to gather and have fun.  it is obvious that prior to
            purchasing the game, it received a great deal of tender loving care from the doctor.  needless to say, thank you for all you
            did during and after the sale.  we could not have asked for more.  my best to you and continued success.  long live pinball!"
-bb, jacksonville, fl
"ron
            not only sells games that look and play like new but he stands
            behind what he sells and is always available if there is a problem. 
            a rare combination of friendliness, game knowledge and
            honesty.  a real pleasure to deal with."
-ks, havertown, pa

"i almost cried when
          the game i knew and loved as a child and spent many hours playing with
          my father was brought back to life by ron's fabulous work."
          -mc, lafayette hill, pa
"the most responsive,
          reliable and honest service person that has ever visited my
          home.  we were thrilled with the prompt and courteous
          treatment!"
          -ds, stockton, nj
"ron was willing to
          spend hours in the car to come and fix my game that even the person i
          bought it from refused to fix.  i don't think anyone else would
          have done that."
          -js, brick, nj"amazing. 
          very friendly and he really knows his stuff!"
          -jf, philadelphia, pa
"i got ripped off on
          the internet buying a game that should have been working.  ron
          repaired the game to working order and i was always called back within
          hours of leaving a message."
          -wp, medford, nj








