 
























home - bach dancing & dynamite society
































































 











my account


















search for:search button





search for:search button









homeconcertscalendarvideosseating mapfood & drinkphoto gallerypast performanceshistorical lists of musicianssupportmembershipdonationssponsorshipfundraisersvolunteersaboutfaqorganizationour historybach in the newspoliciesmap & directionscontact us
















legendary presenter of world-class jazz and classical music since 1964 at miramar beach, half moon bay
about the bach









upcoming events

read more








 bach 2024-2025 memberships on sale now!
                
become a member








legendary venue
learn our history









previous





next




upcoming events







 







see full concert schedule

 please note: as of march 6, 2024, mirada road has been designated as one-way traffic flowing north due to erosion. therefore, you can only get to the bach by taking medio avenue from hwy 1. questions? contact us.
        










"this an incredible 
historic spot for jazz.  the venue is tiny, with a real personal vibe 
and all good seats with a concert most sunday afternoons."
jeff v.belmont, ca 
                  





"wow, i'm kicking myself for not coming before.  saw kendrick scott oracle this weekend and the show was incredible."
john b.half moon bay, ca 






"the best venue in the 
sf bay area to see world class jazz in an intimate setting.the most lovely people attend the concerts so it's good vibes all the way around."
susan h.cupertino, ca 
                  





support the bach – donate 











in memory of our founder, pete douglas















pete transformed a tiny beach-side shack into one of the most intimate 
and vibrant jazz venues in the world. through the years, our concert 
hall has come alive with a long list of jazz legends, including betty 
carter, bill evans, dexter gordon, stan getz, max roach, mccoy tyner, 
bobby hutcherson, art blakey, etta james, milt jackson, and eliane 
elias, to name just a few. it’s no wonder that the bach has been listed 
as a downbeat magazine “great jazz venue” for several years running.  
and beyond jazz, we have featured classic notables including the kronos 
quartet and mariano cordoba. pete’s vision and spirit live on at the 
bach through his daughters, as they carry on with a unique mix of 
quality local, upcoming, and world class programming.




interview with pete douglas



play interview















historical moments at the bach 
        
















visit our gallery for more historical musical moments!
visit gallery









concerts
calendar
videos
seating map
food & drink
photo gallery
past performances
historical lists of musicians





support
membership
donations
sponsorship
fundraisers
volunteers





about
faq
organization
our history
bach in the news
policies
map & directions
contact us





membership
member benefits
member events














 © 2023 bach dancing & dynamite society • the bach dancing and dynamite society is a 501(c)(3) organization, fed id 23-7295142. 
website by fantabulousink.com



 
x




























