 












mathematical sciences | gmu college of science







skip to main 









 






menu 


george mason universityaudience navigationinfo for:current studentsfaculty & staffcommunity & belongingalumni

main navigationmain navigationhomeacademicsadmissions & aidresearchdepartmentsaboutgivetoggle searchsite search keywordssearch














mathematical scienceshomeacademicsdepartments & unitsmathematical sciences departmentadmission ctasrequest infovisitapply

in this departmentadvisingmeet our faculty & staffoffice hoursresearch and centerscontact usseminars and colloquiascientific computing workshopsopportunities for students

resourcestutoringmath placement testingalgebra tutorial program - math 008course syllabimath careersstudent organizationscourse registration override requestfcps math dual enrollmentregistrar officegraduate assistantship & financial aid

faculty and students highlightssee more about their accomplishments

learn at a mathematical powerhouse. we offer strong and flexible programs at all degree levels.students majoring in mathematics take courses in the logical foundations of mathematics, the calculus sequence, matrix algebra, and discrete mathematics. majors choose from a concentration of applied, traditional, or actuarial mathematics. both the ba and the bs in mathematics allow entry to advanced studies or career opportunities as diverse as the fields to which mathematics is applied. the metro region of washington, d.c. provides a particularly fertile area for related job opportunities, including consulting, teaching, and government.undergraduate programs

mason offers a vibrant graduate mathematics program that awards ms and phd degrees. the program provides exciting opportunities for students interested in studying advanced mathematics and conducting independent research. students can specialize in a diverse selection of areas in pure, applied and computational mathematics.graduate programs

students use well-developed mathematical skills across multiple fields. mason offers a vibrant graduate mathematics program that awards ms and phd degrees. students can specialize in a diverse selection of areas in pure, applied and computational mathematics.explore your options

undergraduate research opportunitiesanalyze gang movement across puerto rico or the destruction of the great barrier reef. there’s no limit to the mathematical research projects for undergraduate mathematics majors.mason oscar program for undergraduate researchaspiring scientists summer research program for undergraduate research in the sciences.discover your options

be a part of our mathematical community.use 3d printing technology to present mathematical concepts as concrete physical objects at our math maker lab. check out the mason experimental geometry lab (megl) to think deeper and go further and take your mathematical curiosity to the next level.  find out more

news and eventsupcoming eventsmore eventsapr5calculus olympiad 2025
                apr 5, 2025, 9:00 am - 3:00 pm    george mason university, fairfax virginia campusmerten hall
                    calling all math enthusiasts! join us for an exciting day of mathematics! hosted by the department of mathematical sciences diversity committee and the center for mathematics and artificial intelligence (cmai) *lunch provided! - calculus competition with individual and team prizes - activities for students of all levels - learn about


              oct16american society for intercellular communication (asic)
                oct 16, 2025, 12:00 pm - oct 18, 2025, 2:00 pm    bethesda north marriott hotel & conference center
                    the meeting is organized by a group of investigators seeking to create a platform for informal exchange of ideas on emerging questions and cutting-edge developments in the field of extracellular vesicles (evs), extracellular particles (eps), and particulate carriers of extracellular rna (exrna) as biological mediators, regulators and diagnostic analytes. our


              latest newsall newsimagecelebrating employee milestones: honoring years of dedication and servicenov 20, 2024imagemason science focus program celebrates a decade of engaging middle-school girls in stemaug 12, 2024laura powersimagesix college of science faculty awarded 4-va grantsaug 1, 2024elizabeth gilloolyimagemath faculty and graduate students attend annual siam meetingjul 15, 2024

why the math department at mason?15,000number of students the department teaches each year.65 currently 65 ma and phd students12 plusundergraduate majors participate in dozens of research projects and win awards at national and international conferences.

locationsfacilities

visit us on campuscome visit the math department at george mason university.fairfax campus, exploratory hall 44004400 university drive, msn 3f2, fairfax, va 22030phone: 703-993-1460 department of mathematical sciencescampus map








  
    
        understand. innovate. succeed.
4400 university dr. fairfax, va 22030
  703-993-3622

 mason science directory
footer menufairfax campus, exploratory hallcampus maps & directionsconnect with usfacebooktwitterlinked ininstagramyoutube

© 2024 george mason universitytitle ixaccessibilitystudent consumer informationprivacy statementfoiawebsite feedback









