
fastpitch softball pitching instruction








 

fastpitch softball pitching lessons
 "wind-pitch"...short for windmill pitching.
	proven techniques, proven results...get serious.


	proud sponsor of the university of texas longhorns





























































map & driving directions




now hiringpitching instructors! 
	      click here





pitch with:
		speed
		accuracy
		understanding
		
order my pitching cd today and  
		blow 'em away 
		when the season starts!
click here to learn more. 
	     




more strikeouts! 
			  click here and check out the 
			  tightspin trainer




read my
		testimonials




pitcher/catcher call chart








the texas comets









		some of the universities & colleges my pitchers have progressed to:
	     

















wind-pitch facility status









"your success is our business"
	physical address:
1950 loop 332                      
	liberty hill, tx  78642           
	mailing address:
125 tristen cove
	liberty hill, tx  78642
			
	



e-mail:
           ron@windpitch.com
512-965-6500







wind-pitch...because it's all about results




expect results. prepare for success.  	
                are you tired of instructors who are not teaching? 
		are you fed up with "cookie-cutter" instructors who yell and scream with their arrogant 
		attitudes?  have you worked with instructors at the public park who
		are not reliable?  are you training at a baseball facility, where the girls
		are merely 'tolerated'?  is your softball player being taught by an ex-baseball player? 
		let's face it, the girls are treated like 2nd class citizens and expected to 
		'deal with it'.  what troubles me is that too many parents, coaches and teams tolerate it.  
		my facility is all about girls and girl's fastpitch softball. 
 	   
	   	softball instruction does not have to be full of dread, anger, frustration and tears.  
		my students look forward to their instruction because 
		they know we are going to have some fun and learn. no yelling, no screaming, 
		no hollering, no demoralizing comments or humiliation.  these negative instructional techniques
		are all too common in sports.  but you won't find them here.  we teach with patience, 
		understanding and a little bit of humor to foster a fun, learning environment designed for
		girls and girl's fastpitch softball.  my pitchers make slow, steady, consistent improvment in all
		aspects of their pitching; from speed, control and movement, all the way to personal growth and maturity.
		most of my students are very long term because they see the positive improvments and they enjoy the 		process.  
		read my testimonials and see what my customers have to say.
 
           wind-pitch is located about 20 miles north of austin, texas, in    
		liberty hill, and well worth your drive.  while other facilities/instructors make a quick money 
		grab and dissappear, quit or move on, i have a proven track
		record of reliability, consistency and results. since 1997, i have been in business instructing fastpitch
		softball pitching lessons here in liberty hill - *non-stop...same guy, same business name, same
		location*.  i have watched a *lot* of so-called "instructors" come and go.  i have watched a *lot*
		of people waste their time and money only to achive poor results from instructors who really just
		don't care. this is not a backyard adventure...this is a business.  and i take it 
		very seriously.  my goal is to help you improve your game through excellence in 
		instruction.  map and driving directions.  

	   in addition to my weekly 'regulars', many of my customers drive in from all over the 
		state of texas
		and still others fly in from all over the country for weekend sessions with me.
		why? because my
		business is all about you 
		and your success.  
		you want instruction for a reason - results!  
		we specialize in results.  you will learn what we are doing and
		why we are doing it.  along the way you'll learn a little about physics, kinesiology and 
		psychology.  from my 10-year olds up to my collegiate players,
		wind-pitch students are extremely successful at all ages.  it's a simple
		formula we use:
		1.) take personal interest in the success of each student
		2.) observe and listen to each student
		3.) teach what works for each individual - everybody is different  
  		4.) work hard, explain 'why' and encourage each student to explore and learn  
		5.) don't be so serious that you forget to have some fun.  laugh a bit.  if
		you can't laugh at yourself, you'll have a long, rough road ahead of you.
		
parents - ever wish you knew what to say or do to help?  you likely
		spend much more practice time catching and working with your child than their coach.
		is your pitching instructor teaching you as well as your pitcher?  most
		pitchers grow tired, bored and irritated when working with their own parents
		because the parents are not familiar with the techniques and instruction.
		you have the power to control that response by learning how to help them figure
		out their own problems rather than 'bossing them around'.  when you take lessons
		with us, you are encouraged to catch for your pitcher,listen, ask questions and learn.  
		if you cannot catch, you are always welcome to have seat and listen in. 

		leagues & organizations - interested in building your program? 
		there is simply no way around it. a strong program requires strong pitching.  if you 
		have no pitching, you simply can't play the game.  once pitching is reasonable in place,
		if you can't hit, you can't win.  we can help you and your league to better pitching 
		and hitting with sessions designed for your league, association or team.
     
	
		
interested in instructing?

		at wind-pitch, we recognize that our most important assets are our results and our 
		relationship with our customers.  the that end, we strive to "be human" and to build
		trusting and respectful relationship with our customers.  we are more like extended family.
		
		we are in need of pitching instructors. as a wind-pitch pitching instructor,
		each instructor is expected to follow our 'family-oriented' style.  each instructor
		will learn some of the wind-pitch philosophy, technique and objectives, but each
		instructor has a little of their own 'magic joo-joo' and they have the freedom
		to teach it.  instructors can work as much or as little as they like.  
		this makes a great part-time job in the evenings.  i have the facility,
		and usually a number of students on a waiting list.  all we are missing
		is you!  call me.
		   
		i also need batting, fielding and catching instructors.	are you the one i'm looking for?  
		call me...let's find out. click here for more info.





e-mail:
           ron@windpitch.com
512-965-6500


you are visitor number


















my technique


my 'quadrants system' will enforce
        muscle memory and allow a natural, powerful and quick turn for accuracy, speed and 
        success.





practice, patience, persistence


you can't learn it all at once.  it takes time and it takes work.
        there are no shortcuts or 'magic'.  i can teach you, but you have to want it. 
        





instruction


this is not a military academy.  i teach and explain not only 'how',
        but 'why'.  i not only explain, i can pitch and i show how it is done. 
        





fun !!!


we are going to have fun.  if you are not having fun and looking
        forward to your pitching lesson, then what is the point? 
        





desire, determination, dedication


you can plod along and be average or you can work hard
	and excel.  guess what?...that's life.  that's the rules from here on out.  no matter
	what your job, hobby or interest is, you can plod along and be average or you can
	get excited, work hard and throw yourself into it and be considered among the best.
	i don't care if it is in the medical field, auto paint & body, teaching or pottery.  
	have the courage to work hard and attempt to be among the best.  at school, at work
	at play, in your personal life, you owe it to yourself to be the best you can be at 
	what ever you do.  it's about personal responsibility and respect.  it's out there
	waiting for you.  you can seize the opportunity or you can plod along...your choice. 
	 
        



















create your free world visitor maps



wind-pitch, softball solutions, the wind-pitch logos, the softball solutions logos and all other wind-pitch and
softball soolutions products or service names are registered trademarks of wind-pitch, or softball solutions.
© copyright 2000-2008 wind-pitch, all rights reserved
