









home - love inc of the western suburbs chicago



































































skip to content















 
an affiliate of love in the name of christ national











what is love inc 



start a love inc near you 




















 









about western suburbs – chicago

church partners


get involved
how we can help
events
impact
contact
donate
 

 

about western suburbs – chicago

church partners


get involved
how we can help
events
impact
contact
donate
 























uniting churches and community partners to help neighbors in need 



the local church is god’s answer to community brokenness and a part of his plan of redemption and restoration. that’s why we mobilize the local community to offer a holistic approach to caring for people in all areas of life: spiritual, mental, emotional, and physical. 






i want to help










i need assistance























our mission & vision 



									we mobilize local churches to transform lives and communities in the name of christ because we envision a world where christian churches are united in purpose and fully engaged in actively living out their faith by lovingly serving people in need in their communities.								






























better together 



the needs in our community are overwhelming. have you found yourself wanting to help, but not knowing how? or not wanting to make a bad situation worse by enabling a cycle of need? that’s where we come in.we have trained compassionate staff and volunteers who listen to the needs of our neighbors and offer them hope and encouragement. and then we reach out to our network of partners to find the help our neighbors need. not just the material needs, like rent assistance or utility bills, but lasting emotional, social and spiritual help, too. 






the love inc model























join us 



in every community, people possess gifts and talents that can be used for ministry, but they often don’t know how to connect with neighbors in need who are seeking those exact skills at that exact time.love inc helps churches and dupage county resources mobilize the local community to reach out to their neighbors in need, by creating specific, manageable opportunities that utilize the unique skills and talents of their congregation to fill unmet needs in the community. 






volunteer










become a church partner










become a community partner



































impacting our community 



making a difference 












 
 






















news 















 







watch this week’s video devotion 



join pastor justin zimmerly from millersburg church of christ, as he unpacks james 3:13-17 and challenges us to consider what kind of life we are living. 






read the story















 







overcoming transportation obstacles 



are you aware of the transportation obstacles in holmes county? we invite you to the table to explore possible solutions together. thursday, november 11 at 6:30pm in the community room 






call 330.473.6017 to rsvp















 







new classes begin tonight 



join us at 7pm for anxious for nothing or faith & fitness. both meet at martins creek mennonite church and all are welcome. 






learn more

























sign up for our email list 



and keep up-to-date with the most recent news and programs offered by love inc! 









first name(required)last name(required)email(required)





































official love inc affiliate 




 
















 











501(c)(3) public charityein: 36-3377798 







find us on 



facebook (national)facebook (western suburbs – chicago) 










quick links 










impact 







other 










contact usterms of serviceprivacy policy 











 



































