










isi: powerfully smart call queue analytics





























































skip to content


		main navigation	


 










product





product 

 


featured resource 

 
 




 infortel select

product overviewcloud security & architectureinfortel select resides in a secure azure data center environment and employs industry-standard security measurements to protect customer information. 


 platforms supported

cisco call managercisco uccxwebex callingmicrosoft teamsavaya 


 use cases

queue analyticscompliance recordingcdr data complianceincrease employee productivitycall accounting & cost allocationimprove caller experience 


 



retailbrochurecloud uc analytics for building supply retailerslearn more 

 
 






 
 


 

industries





industries 

 
 




financial servicesleading financial service organizations trust isi. 


healthcareunlock the value of healthcare cdr reporting. 


public sectorunmatched organization, department, and agency cdr visibility. 


retailcdr reporting and analytics designed for retailers. 
 

resources





resources 

 
 




resource libraryexplore our rich library of resources written by isi team members and industry experts 


case studies 


 view resources by industry

financial serviceshealthcarepublic sectorretail 


 view resources by type

white papersvideosfact sheetsbrochures 


blogread the latest blog posts from isi and industry experts. subscribe to receive them by email. 
 




 

 
 




 latest blog posts

see all 


 



what are call queues from microsoft teams, webex and cisco call manager?learn more unlock advanced reporting and dashboard insights beyond your existing calling platform’s reporting toolslearn more 



how isi analytics revolutionized cisco ucm & webex call queue reporting for a major state agencylearn more 



the hidden challenges of webex reporting for calling queueslearn more 

 
 

support





support 

 
 




get supporttechnical support is an important part of the infortel select experience. reach us here. 


system statusget isi analytics system updates here. 


release historyview infortel select software release notes here. 
 




release notes 
 




knowledge baseview a growing repository of support documentation. 
 




isi analytics release notes 
 

company





about isi 

 


featured resource 

 
 




about isiisi makes enterprise cdr data more accessible, usable, and valuable. 


careersbe a part of the leader in unified communications data intelligence. explore open roles with a great team. 


contact ushow would you like to connect with us? see the many ways here. 


 



brochuremoving to the cloudlearn more 

 
 




partners 

 
 




partner resourcesbe part of our growing channel and technology partner ecosystem. 


deal registrationit`s easy to register deals, secure rewards, and get paid. 


current isi partnersthe isi channel partner program provides a straightforward, profitable, and scalable partnering environment. 
 

contact



get started















powerfully smart call queue analytics
 
gain call center-like caller journey metrics without the cost and complexity of a contact center solution.
 
schedule a demo
explore the software













available on the following platforms (zoom coming later this year) 

































































advanced call queue reporting

isi queue analytics offers unparalleled insights into call queue performance, seamlessly integrating with cisco, webex and microsoft teams. it provides a cost-effective solution to oversee call handling, wait time management, and overall customer experience without the complexity of traditional contact center infrastructure.














advanced reporting
harness the full potential of your call queues with isi's state-of-the-art reporting and analytics that goes beyond what you can get from the native platforms.














live queue summary
real-time reporting visibility, including calls in queue; agent availability; call abandon rate; and more.













call center metrics
track call volume, agent performance, and customer satisfaction indicators for improved service quality, all in real time














personalized dashboards
create custom dashboards with a variety of widgets for a tailored overview of your call data.














agent availability
monitor agent login / logout statuses real-time and historically














unlimited data retention
break free of the data retention limitations associated with the out-of-box reporting capabilities



















transform your caller experience, boost agent performance, and achieve cost savings.
harness the full potential of your call queues with isi's state-of-the-art reporting and analytics.
request a demo








call center-like metrics and reporting... without the expense or complexity.
















webex queues
leverage isi queue analytics for better webex caller experience insights. with webex queues and isi analytics, you get a robust, low-cost alternative to expensive contact center infrastructure.
webex call analytics 















teams phone queues
isi queue analytics is the only platform with reporting for microsoft teams call queues and auto attendants. with teams queues and isi analytics, you get a robust, low-cost alternative to expensive contact center infrastructure.
teams call queue reporting 














cisco queues
with isi reporting you gain call center-like dashboards of call data for agent and queue performance. get historical call information in seconds, compliance easier.
cucm call queue reports 










isi cdr reporting software


















powerfully smart uc analytics and call reporting
if you use cisco, webex calling, microsoft teams, or avaya, you need isi. our infortel select software provides the most comprehensive cdr reporting and unified communication analytics available for these leading platforms.
test drive isi today







are you overflowing with call data? put it to good use.



















employee productivity & caller experience
see every step of your caller's journey & improve customer satisfaction.
improve cx 















 call accounting & cost allocation
better understand your telecom usage and expense, so you make the most intelligent, and profitable, business decisions.
better call accounting 














call data compliance
get historical call information in seconds, saving you time and money, and making compliance easier.
easier call compliance 











a smart, powerful, and seamless integration with the unified communications platforms you know, use, and trust.  





















it’s sweet!
"infortel select really hits the sweet spot. it’s saas. it provides the solid reports we need, when we need them, and gives people who are inquisitive and interested in digging down further the capability to do so. infortel select is exactly what we need."


senior voice engineer
national mutual insurance company












meet isi
read how we're innovating and helping change the way businesses communicate with their employees, customers, and partners, and meet the leadership team driving smarter uc analytics.
learn more














explore further
want to learn more about the infortel select solution? check the isi resource center for a trove of helpful information on such topics as cdr, data analytics, unified communications, and more. don’t see what you are looking for? drop us a note at: resources@isi-info.com.
view all resources












brochure


queue analytics overview: enhance customer experience & optimize call performance
learn more 












brochure


isi analytics vs. native uc reporting matrix
learn more 









financial services brochure


compliance recording for the finance industry
learn more 












white paper


isi cloud security
learn more 











ready to get started?
the isi team is here to assist enterprise organizations learn more about call detail record reporting and data analytics for their unified communications platforms. how can we help?
schedule a demo
talk to an expert

















isi analytics
about isi
blog
careers
get support
partners
resources

 









isi analytics makes raw unified communications data more accessible, usable, and valuable. thousands of organizations use isi to support their daily enterprise cdr reporting and data analytics needs.

address
230 w. monroe st, suite 1850, chicago, il 60606

general
1.847.995.0002


sales
1.847.706.5070
support
1.847.592.3250






all rights reserved © 2025 isi telemanagement solutions, llc

cookie policy
terms & conditions
privacy policy

 



linkedin











we use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. by clicking “accept”, you consent to the use of all the cookies. however you may visit cookie settings to provide a controlled consent.customize cookiesrejectacceptconsent preferences




close






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.

 





                                necessary                            


 necessary 


                                    always enabled                                



necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. these cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously.
cookiedurationdescription__cf_bm1 hourthis cookie, set by cloudflare, is used to support cloudflare bot management.__hssc1 hourhubspot sets this cookie to keep track of sessions and to determine if hubspot should increment the session number and timestamps in the __hstc cookie.__hssrcsessionthis cookie is set by hubspot whenever it changes the session cookie. the __hssrc cookie set to 1 indicates that the user has restarted the browser, and if the cookie does not exist, it is assumed to be a new session.apbct_headlessnevercleantalk set this cookie to detect spam and improve the website's security.apbct_page_hitsnevercleantalk sets this cookie to prevent spam on comments and forms and act as a complete anti-spam solution and firewall for the site.cookieconsentpolicy1 yearused to apply end-user cookie consent preferences.cookielawinfo-checkbox-advertisement1 yearset by the gdpr cookie consent plugin, this cookie records the user consent for the cookies in the "advertisement" category.cookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "analytics".cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional11 monthsthe cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "functional".cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "necessary".cookielawinfo-checkbox-others11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "other.cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "performance".cookielawinfoconsent1 yearcookieyes sets this cookie to record the default button state of the corresponding category and the status of ccpa. it works only in coordination with the primary cookie.ct_has_scrollednevercleantalk sets this cookie to store dynamic variables from the browser.ct_pointer_datanevercleantalk sets this cookie to prevent spam on the site's comments/forms, and to act as a complete anti-spam solution and firewall for the site.ct_timezonenevercleantalk–used to prevent spam on our comments and forms and acts as a complete anti-spam solution and firewall for this site.lskey-c$cookieconsentpolicy1 yearused to apply end-user cookie consent preferences.rc::aneverthis cookie is set by the google recaptcha service to identify bots to protect the website against malicious spam attacks.rc::csessionthis cookie is set by the google recaptcha service to identify bots to protect the website against malicious spam attacks.viewed_cookie_policy11 monthsthe cookie is set by the gdpr cookie consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. it does not store any personal data.wpemojisettingssupportssessionwordpress sets this cookie when a user interacts with emojis on a wordpress site.  it helps determine if the user's browser can display emojis properly.zfccnsessionzoho sets this cookie for website security when a request is sent to campaigns.






                                functional                            


functional




functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features.
cookiedurationdescription_cfuvidsessiononly set when a site uses this option in a rate limiting rule, and is only used to allow the cloudflare waf to distinguish individual users who share the same ip address. visitors who do not provide the cookie are likely to be grouped together and may not be able to access the site if there are many other visitors from the same ip address._zcsr_tmpsessionzoho sets this cookie for the login function on the website.ct_checkjsneverclean talk sets this cookie to prevent spam on the site's comments or forms.ct_fkp_timestampneverclean talk sets this cookie to prevent spam on the site's comments or forms.ct_ps_timestampneverclean talk sets this cookie to prevent spam on the site's comments or forms.ct_screen_infonevercleantalk sets this cookie to complete an anti-spam solution and firewall for the website, preventing spam from appearing in comments and forms.receive-cookie-deprecation1 year 1 month 4 daysthis cookie is set as part of a chrome-facilitated testing mode to preview how site behavior and functionality work without third-party cookies.






                                analytics                            


analytics




analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. these cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc.
cookiedurationdescription__hstc6 monthshubspot set this main cookie for tracking visitors. it contains the domain, initial timestamp (first visit), last timestamp (last visit), current timestamp (this visit), and session number (increments for each subsequent session)._ga1 year 1 month 4 daysgoogle analytics sets this cookie to calculate visitor, session and campaign data and track site usage for the site's analytics report. the cookie stores information anonymously and assigns a randomly generated number to recognise unique visitors._ga_*1 year 1 month 4 daysgoogle analytics sets this cookie to store and count page views.0d269e8747sessionzoho pagesense sets this cookie to evaluate visitor, session and campaign data and keeps track of site usage for the site’s analytics report and is set by zoho analytics.hubspotutk6 monthshubspot sets this cookie to keep track of the visitors to the website. this cookie is passed to hubspot on form submission and used when deduplicating contacts.ps_payloadseqid2 hoursthis cookie stores the sequence key for your session recording experiment in zoho pagesense.vuid1 year 1 month 4 daysvimeo installs this cookie to collect tracking information by setting a unique id to embed videos on the website.zabhmbucket1 yearthis cookie stores the experiment key for our heatmap experiments in zoho pagesensezabuserid1 yearzoho pagesense sets this cookie to store a unique id for every user who visits that website.zft-sdc11 hours 5 minutesused for fetching metadata details—such as entrances, source, and more—of a session which is used by the web assistant for zoho.zps-tgr-dts1 yearzoho sets this cookie to power triggers.zpssr*sessionzoho pagesense sets this cookie to identify the top level domain in session recording experiments.zsd*2 hoursused for identifying the start time, last interacted time, and number of pages visited for a session for zoho pagesense.zsr*2 hours(stores a random alphanumeric string of length 7 or 32) zoho pagesense sets this cookie to map user actions performed within a session to session recording experiments.






                                advertisement                            


advertisement




advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. these cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads.
cookiedurationdescription__tld__sessionused to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor’s preferences._an_uid7 days6sense cookie that presents the user with relevant content and advertisement. the service is provided by third-party advertisement hubs, which facilitate real-time bidding for advertisers._gcl_au3 monthsgoogle tag manager sets the cookie to experiment advertisement efficiency of websites using their services._gd_session4 hours6sense cookie that collects visitor data related to the user’s visit to the website, such as number of visits, average time spent on the website and which pages have been loaded, for the purpose of serving targeted advertisements._gd_visitor1 year 1 month 4 days6sense cookie that collects visitor data related to the user’s visit to the website, such as number of visits, average time spent on the website and which pages have been loaded, for the purpose of serving targeted advertisements._uetsid1 daybing ads sets this cookie to engage with a user that has previously visited the website._uetvid1 year 24 daysbing ads sets this cookie to engage with a user that has previously visited the website.cb_anonymous_id1 yearclearbit sets this cookie to track page views and traits for clearbit.cb_group_id1 yearclearbit sets this cookie to track page views and traits for clearbit.cb_user_id1 yearclearbit sets this cookie to collect data on visitors. this information is used to assign visitors into segments, making website advertising more relevant.cbtest1 yearcollects data on the user’s visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been loaded with the purpose of generating reports for optimising the website content.muid1 year 24 daysbing sets this cookie to recognise unique web browsers visiting microsoft sites. this cookie is used for advertising, site analytics, and other operations.













reject save my preferences accept 



                            powered by gdpr cookie compliance                            














































