

alcohol education project













   





 





 
 




featured
        social norms initiatives
social norm surveys online
youth 
            health & safety project
social norms national 
        research and resources
social norms 101 primer
other quick links
consultation/dissemination for higher 
        education 
secondary education initiatives & 
        support
campaign to reduce 
        misperceived norms

 project 
        impact -- success data!
 mvp 
        athlete project
curriculum development
bids 295 alcohol use and abuse
upcoming/previous presentations
press releases
in the news
research publications
online resources


 





 
the alcohol education project of hobart 
                and william smith colleges is a broad collection of education 
                and research initiatives. its purpose is to better inform students, 
                faculty and staff in higher education and secondary school settings 
                nationwide about alcohol and other drugs and related social norms 
                and address problems of abuse.






 
u.s. dept. of education publication highlights 
              alcohol education project (hws 
              press release, full publication)










 
highlighted publications

 
	"the social norms approach: confronting the 'reign of error' as a successful strategy to reduce harmful drinking and drug abuse in college." in d. anderson and t. hall (eds) leading campus drug and alcohol abuse prevention: grounded approaches for student impact, pp. 159-162 & 416-424, 2021 by h. wesley perkins and jessica m. perkins.

 

	"adolescent tobacco use and misperceptions of social norms across schools in the united states." journal of studies on alcohol and drugs, 80(6), 659-668, 2019 by jessica m. perkins, h. wesley perkins, jordan jurinsky, and david w. craig. (abstract) 

 
            
            "accuracy of estimated blood alcohol concentration norms from college student drinking survey data: verification using matched late-night breath measurements."' journal of studies on alcohol and drugs, 79(3), 455-464, 2018 by david w. craig and h. wesley perkins. (abstract) 

 
            
            "using the social norms approach to promote health and
reduce risk among college students." ch. 8 by h. wesley perkins and jessica m. perkins in promoting behavioral health
and reducing risk among college students: a comprehensive approach, cemini, d. and rivero, d. (editors new york, ny: routledge 2018. (order at routledge, abstract)


 

            "misperception is reality: the 'reign of error' about peer risk behaviour norms among youth and young adults." by h. wesley perkins in the complexity of social norms, xenitidou, m. and b. edmonds. (editors). (order at springer books, abstract)



            "student-athletes' misperceptions of male and female peer drinking norms: a multi-site investigation of the 'reign of error."' journal of college student development, 53, 367-382, 2012 by perkins, h. wesley and david w. craig. (abstract) 


 
              "effectiveness of social norms media 
              marketing in reducing drinking and driving: a statewide campaign" 
              addictive behaviors, 35, 866-874, 2010 
              by perkins, h. wesley, jeff linkenbach, melissa lewis, and clayton 
              neighbors. (publication)

 "learning 
              about student alcohol abuse and helping to prevent it through service 
              learning initiatives: the hws alcohol education project" by 
              david w. craig and h. wesley perkins in service learning and 
              the liberal arts: how and why it works, craig a. rimmerman 
              (editor). (order 
              at lexington books, full 
              publication)

 hws 
              alcohol education project programs cited in new u. s. department 
              of education publication, alcohol and other drug prevention 
              on college campuses: model programs. (press 
              release, full 
              publication)

"misperceptions 
              of peer drinking norms in canada: another look at the 'reign of 
              error' and its consequences among college students." addictive 
              behaviors, 32, 2645-2656, 2007, by h. wesley perkins. 
              (press 
              release, full 
              article)


"a successful social norms campaign to reduce alcohol 
              misuse among college student-athletes," journal 
              of studies on alcohol, 67, 880-888, 2006, by h. wesley 
              perkins and david w. craig. (press 
              release, full 
              article)

"misperceiving 
              the college drinking norm and related problems: a nationwide study 
              of exposure to prevention information, perceived norms and student 
              alcohol misuse," journal of studies on alcohol, 
              66, 470-478, 2005 by perkins, h. wesley, michael haines and richard 
              rice. (press 
              release, full 
              article)

book 
              available 
the social norms approach to preventing 
              school and college age substance abuse
              a handbook for educators, counselors, and clinicians

social 
              norms case study released
the 
              higher education center for alcohol and other drug prevention released 
              a new publication by h. wesley perkins, and david w. craig, titled 
              "a multifaceted social norms 
              approach to reduce high-risk drinking: lessons from hobart and william 
              smith colleges." this work provides a detailed example 
              of coordinated social norms strategies producing positive results 
              confirmed with extensive evaluation measures. (press 
              release)
american sociological association 
              publication highlights social norms work to curb 
          high-risk drinking. (article)

 



project directors
 


 
 


h. wesley 
                  perkins, ph.d. 
dept. 
                  of sociology
 phone: (315) 781-3437 
                  e-mail: perkins@hws.edu

 


 
 


david w. 
                  craig, ph.d. 
                  professor of chemistry emeritus
                e-mail: craig@hws.edu
 




project personnel
history of project

project 
                    impact
                    & outcomes



 
 
 





 




youtube interview on social norms approach




(to view on youtube, click on the picture. to download, click wmv 
                  video or mov 
                  video.)
 


 
hws 
              alcohol education project in 
                the news
this 
                link provides a list of mass media references related to project 
                initiatives. some of the news reports listed here reflect interviews and 
                quotes from the project directors and other reports cite hobart 
                and william smith colleges' educational activities about alcohol 
                  abuse and prevention campaign results in the context of larger regional 
                  or national assessments.

 
 
 
multi-state results from 
              an online tool for assessing secondary school norms just released!
more 
              than 52,000 secondary students from 78 middle and high schools in 
              eleven regionally diverse states have been surveyed using an online 
              instrument. results were presented at the 2008 
              national social norms conference in san francisco, ca. (click 
            here for presentation abstract and results).
            a more detailed 
              analysis on a subset of this data is available here.


scottish parliament debates 
                social norms for alcohol and tobacco consumption. see 
                press 
            release and full transcript.

















      project initiatives 


u.s. air force social norms project
          this project saught to develop, implement, and assess a social norms approach to   alcohol abuse prevention among airmen age 18-24 in the u. s. air force stationed at selected bases in the u.s. and internationally.


project consultation and dissemination 
            services for higher education 
            unleash the power of peers, teachers, and technology -- the project 
            directors provide leadership in alcohol and other drug prevention 
            nationally through research publications, conference presentations 
            and workshops, and focused institutional consulting.


secondary education initiatives 
            and support
            the approach for schools supported by this project employs a comprehensive 
            print and electronic social norms marketing campaign to reduce harmful 
            misperceptions about student alcohol, tobacco, other drug, health, 
            and school safety norms. program components include (1) a new inexpensive 
            and efficient web-based strategy for determining local norms and perceptions, 
            (2) a print media campaign to communicate the local norms, (3) new 
            electronic media to expand and enhance student exposure and engagement, 
            and (4) curriculum development to infuse conversations about these 
            issues into the classroom. this project provides leadership in alcohol 
            and other drug prevention nationally through research publications, 
            conference presentations and workshops, focused school consulting 
            and training, and through development of electronic tools for social 
            norms delivery.

social norms surveys 
          online



campaign to reduce misperceptions
            this initiative includes print and electronic media and co-curricular 
            activities that have been specifically designed to reduce misperceptions 
            of student norms and thereby reduce levels of alcohol and other drug 
            use and the resulting consequences. examples of products produced 
            are displayed here.


most valuable players 
            (mvp) athlete project
a project reinforcing positive norms, correcting misperceptions, 
            and reducing high risk drinking among student-athletes.


curriculum development
            this initiative includes the development of a model for expanding 
            aod issues in the curriculum for colleges and universities, development 
            of an extensive interdisciplinary model course on alcohol, a faculty 
            workshop for aod curriculum infusion in other courses, and training 
            for student teachers and secondary teachers. 


upcoming/previous national 
            and regional presentations


grants and awards
            this link lists grants and awards received by the project. 


bibliography of faculty publications 
            
            this link lists publications on alcohol on the college campus conducted 
            by hobart and william smith colleges' faculty. the basic social science 
            research that forms the theoretical foundation for the social norms 
            approach to prevention is documented here. 


alcohol use and abuse: causes and consequences
            bidisciplinary course (sociology/biochemistry)
            this model course was designed to illustrate how the formal curriculum 
            can be linked to the development and implementation of a comprehensive 
            campus-wide alcohol prevention program. 


research and teaching resources
            this link lists both on-campus and off-campus resources for alcohol 
            and other drug information. library resources and web links to important 
            information sites are included in these pages.




  press releases
 this link lists press releases from the alcohol education project 
          and youth health safety project.






related initiatives


social 
            norms national research and resources
            this site is a compilation of research and resources to support the 
            application of the social norms approach to health and safety promotion 
            in a variety of settings including secondary schools, high school, 
            higher education, community, and statewide.

youth 
            health & safety project
            this program expands the application of social norms to a broad range 
            of middle and high school behavioral issues including: 1) bullying, peer harassment, and weapons carrying, 2) body image, 3) sexual activity, 4) traffic safety, 5) tobacco use, 
            and 6) alcohol and other drug use.

hws 
            bac research program
            this research program, directed by professor david w. craig, has been 
            designed to assess the blood alcohol concentration (bac) of students 
            returning home to residence halls late at night. over 2,700 students 
            have been randomly selected to participate. sample results from this 
            project can be seen at this link.

post-collegiate 
            life survey project
            the post-collegiate life project began in 1987 with a survey of graduates 
            from three hobart & william smith colleges (hws) class cohorts 
            (classes of 1979, 1982, and 1985). the survey asked questions about 
            their post-collegiate lives in terms of friendship and family transitions, 
            careers and post-graduate education, and health and well-being. this 
            research has subsequently become the longest running study of post-college 
            life in higher education involving remarkable response rates from 
            entire graduating classes. the project has expanded over the years 
            and currently includes graduates of eleven class cohorts ranging from 
            the class of 1979 to the class of 2010 with surveys launched in 1987, 
            1991, 1996, 1999, 2003, 2007, and 2011. special topics of research 
            in these data have included issues of stress and careers, gender roles 
            and parenting, alcohol use and abuse, shifting life goals and values, 
            experiences of forgiveness in the life course, and retrospective assessments 
            of undergraduate academic preparation for careers and life experience 
            in a global context. the project is directed by h. wesley perkins, 
            professor of sociology at hws. 






 



 





