

tim russell | sue scott | voice talent | voice actors on a prairie home companion with garrison keillor | minneapolis | los angeles







 









 













































































































tim russell
voice talent  & actor 
								sag-aftra


to book or audition:
to hire tim russell: contact amy oppegaard of wehmann models and talent, inc. in minneapolis at 612.333.6393.
la representation: contact wes stevens of vox in los angeles at 323.655.8699.


kevin kline and tim russell  in robert altman's "a prairie home companion" movie.
(photo: melinda sue gordon)

"...tim as the mafioso, callow youth, yale smoothie, prickly curmudgeon, paris boulevardier, russian artiste, swedish sourpuss, and cowpoke president..."

- garrison keillor

















tim russell and sue scott are the actors on a prairie home companion. they're nationally-recognized voice talent available for commercial radio and television, animation and film voice-over work via isdn.


hot off the press!
two new cd's highlighting tim and sue's
favorite characters and impersonations on
a prairie home companion!













visit the late breaking blog to get all the latest news about a prairie home companion, tim russell & sue scott.






a prairie home companion- the movie
watch movie clips, see premiere photos and listen to interviews on tim russell and sue scott's a prairie home companion - the movie page.
a prairie home companion- the radio show
listen to garrison keillor, tim russell and sue scott performing on a prairie home companion.
check the broadcast listings to find a radio station near you broadcasting the show live on saturday nights.



sue scott
voice talent & actor 
								sag-aftra, aea


to book or audition:
to hire sue scott: contact amy oppegaard of wehmann models and talent, inc. in minneapolis at 612.333.6393.
la representation: contact wes stevens of vox in los angeles at 323.655.8699.


meryl streep and sue scott  in robert altman's film, "a prairie home companion".
(photo: melinda sue gordon)

"...sue as lutheran lunch lady, grizzled waitress, supermodel, suburban mom, bimbo, harridan, harpy, or siren."

- garrison keillor
viagra




home | site map | website & blog design by lotus + lama, inc.
© 2015 tim russell & sue scott | voice talent | minneapolis | los angeles
©  1994-2015 minnesota public radio





 