







natalie neith team | compass






































































 

 



(323) 595-9414natalieneith@gmail.com 



login/register 

facebookinstagramyoutubelinkedin 
















mobile menu


find your homemap searchfeatured listingsfeatured communitiesmarket reportsbuyersthe buying processtools for buyersbridge loan servicesmortgage calculatorsellersselling your homestaging checklistcompass conciergewhat's my home worth?meet the teampast salescontactlogin/register 




 
 bringing great new neighbors
since 1989

buy with me
sell with me
featured communitieshancock parkleimert parkhistoric west adamsdowntownmid-citybaldwin hills 
meet natalienatalie's 31 years of experience helping buyers and sellers all over the los angeles area encompasses sales from pasadena to beverly hills and from sylmar to torrance and most every place in between.
you can count on her for great personalized service, cutting edge technology, knowledgeable attention to detail, and results! her team includes skilled specialists in transaction coordination, escrow, and title as well as marketing specialists. many of her clients have utilized her services repeatedly which speaks to her success at helping them achieve their real estate goals. 
(323) 595-9414natalieneith@gmail.comreal people. real stories."natalie was very charming, competent, and easy to work with. she did all her homework for the comps and we set a reasonable price that ended being exceeded in the final offer. she was astute to keep up with the other realtors and was on top of all the inspections that had to be done. she kept me up to date with things that needed to be done and a big plus was doing all the documents on-line. from the beginning we had a closing date in mind...and guess what...we met that date. i would highly recommend her services."thomas warren"i used natalie to sell my west adams property in 2007 and then our west hollywood condo in 2011. she was excellent to work with and sold both properties quickly. she is very knowledgeable about the west adams area in particular."bret beach"the three most important words in real estate are 'location, location, location'....with natalie neith as your agent...you are in the right place!!"peter o. jett"years ago i was a real estate agent, and when i asked natalie neith to show me some properties in the historic west adam area, i discovered what a wonderful agent she is because of her research and organizational abilities. she had all the information on each property (with photos) so we could decide which ones met my ultimate needs and desires. natalie stayed on top of all the price negotiations between myself and the sellers, who were out of town.
it is evident she is well-trained, loves people and enjoys selling. she has extensive social and business connections in the communities she serves which helped me get financing and a dependable escrow company. when selling my property, i called natalie, who got me the best price for my remodeled craftsman--top dollar in a difficult market! thanks natalie!"kathleen cooper"13 years ago, natalie helped us buy the home. when it came time to relocate we reached out to her because we had such a good experience buying our home. natalie prepared a detailed market report that made it easy to establish a reasonable asking price. in these uncertain times, she established a pre-approval process for interested buyers that allowed only qualified and serious parties to tour the house in person. the result of her expertise were multiple offers in a little over a week. the selling process was demystified and made easy for us by natalie. i highly recommend her for your real estate needs."vivian block"natalie continues to be our super agent! this time she sold our house. she had an excellent pre-marketing strategy with gorgeous photography. i do believe the home was sold before anyone set foot in it. she showed it to four potential buyers two days after listing, and we immediately had four offers, all well over asking. she didn't stop there and continued to make sure we got the best offer possible. thank you natalie!"laura mazur"my partner and i had very specific criteria for the area and type of home we were looking for and natalie was very helpful while we searched. she had a lot of knowledge about the neighborhood and was able to give us details about which streets might be too noisy and which restaurants were nearby. she never pressured us to make an offer on homes we weren’t interested in and was very responsive to all of our communications. when we finally found the right house we were too late, as they had already accepted an offer, but natalie saved the day. her efforts to stay in touch with the seller’s agent allowed us to find out quickly when the offer fell through. we quickly came in with our best offer and got the house!"marcie phillips"natalie is well known in our area. i call her the maven of west adams. she knows vintage architecture, what it’s worth, and is so pleasant to work with. when she came to look at the house she was full of compliments and was so appreciative when my little guy made her chocolate strawberries. she has since become a friend. she sold our home under a week above asking and kept us on task for all the things that involve selling and moving a family of 6 out of a large home they’ve lived in for 14 years. hire her. you won’t be sorry."kellie & craig thompson"natalie has been a terrific agent. i was so impressed with her when she sold me my house in 2004 that i asked to find a house for my sister. she led her through the bidding wars with ease. incredibly, she was the agent for most of the homes in my historic neighborhood. i have also worked with her as a rental agent for our rental properties. she is my "go-to" agent because of her passion, expertise and compassion. no one works harder and we have worked very successfully with her for the past 16 years."pamela isaacs"natalie neith is a joy! we had known of, met and spoken to natalie over our years while building a life in west adams. natalie was known to us as someone who was extremely knowledgeable about the neighborhood’s historical significance as well as its real estate investment potential. when we wanted an honest and candid assessment of what our home was worth and what it might fetch, the people we trusted told us, “ask natalie”. she was focused, determined, unflappable and always professional. natalie was with us every step of the way!"ericka stewart"how can you improve on perfection? ms. neith is not only exceptionally smart, but she is an expert in her field. with decades of experience and all of the pizazz of newbie - she is quite a force on the la real estate front. we met her during an extraordinary open house she was hosting to over a 100 people. a few days later we went back with our realtor, ms. neith remembered every question we has asked during the busy open house. we bought in west adams where she resides as well. she pretty quickly  convinced us that is is la's best and last kept little secret of neighborhoods. we got keys to the house last week. i would happily work with her again whether i was as buyer, seller, builder or investor. oh, and did i mention she's a hell of a good person as well! we now consider her not only a neighbor, but a friend!"andre w."natalie neith is a determined and energetic agent. natalie will not stop until she finds the property that fits your needs, in the neighborhood of your choice. she was also a great negotiated on behalf (this) buyer."trevor norris"natalie has deep roots in west adams, having lived and worked in the neighborhood for something like 25 years. she's active in many neighborhood groups (including the hpoz board), and knows everyone! natalie has given me lots of good advice -- real estate and non-real estate -- over the years. and when we are ready to sell, we will list with her."elizabeth f."natalie recently sold my house in very difficult circumstances. she got me an offer within weeks after i had listed with another agent who got nothing in months! she has a great network, is fierce in looking after your interests and so, so persistent. nothing daunts her! and she went above and beyond in dealing with all sorts of small issues that were really not part of her job description. she has a great team to make the process go smoothly. couldn't have asked for a better, more experienced agent!"anne p."my husband and i would have never have got our home without natalie neith! we were first time buyers and she guided us through the process. we got the "deal of the century" through natalie. we love her!"fiona c."natalie is a rockstar real estate agent and expert in los angeles. i have worked with her as a notary assisting her clients. natalie's clients trust  and respect her for the integrity and experience she brings to each listing. i highly recommend her as an agent to sell your property or assist you buying one."george m."natalie truly is an expert realtor. caring, honest, knowledgeable and experienced. she gets the job done. i would definitely use her again myself and recommend her."lisa s."just closed on our house yesterday. natalie was beyond patient with us. we wanted a historic house and didn't have a big budget. we started looking in the recession and tried to buy on and off since then. she works all hours of the day and night responding to emails and calls. she will find a way to meet you at any house you see at almost any time she can to get that offer is as soon as possible. she is very knowledgeable about historic homes and the neighborhoods of la, especially west adams/jefferson park/usc. she really hung in there with us and in the end we ended up with a great house. i think both of us were close to shedding a little tear once we finally closed! she cares about her clients."erin k."natalie neith is my go-to-gal. i give natalie 5 stars because she is so easy to work with. she puts it all together and makes things happen instantly! she's easy to communicate with, is in touch with her people constantly, talented when it comes to the real estate business, knows the markets, neighborhoods, sensitive to your needs/wish list. i'm happy to say she is my corner. thank you natalie for all you do for me."aren b."natalie is the total professional. she represented us as buyers when we bought our craftsman in lovely west adams and, ten years later, did a magnificent job of selling our house when we decided to move out of state. we had a tight window of time to work with and natalie stepped up (with great enthusiasm!) all the way through. we loved our house and she made sure that it got noticed as the gem it is when we put it up for sale. she is extremely hard-working and you'll feel confident right away when you see her in action. she knows how to attract buyers to your property. pus, she's delightful and pleasant and always on the job for you. other real estate agents cannot compare with natalie's expertise in the west adams area, especially, as she is a long-time resident and knows historic architecture, the market and local neighborhoods so well. she is the best. highly recommend!"cynthia medeiros"natalie helped me buy my house 2 months ago. she knows this neighborhood really well, and seems to have sold most of the house here at one time or another. she wrote a bazillion offers, with not a single complaint, and was not afraid to advise against certain properties, which saved me some big headaches! she has tons of energy and is very straight forward and honest! i've recommended her to two friends already."helen s."natalie found us a gem when it came to our home. i saved more time just working with her than i had in the previous years dealing with other realtors. if you want someone that will treat you like family, natalie is the person you want to buy or sell your home. just awesome!"lance m."earlier this year, our family's victorian house was put on the market and sold. since the house was a well-preserved, historic property built by john c. austin, a famous architect, we knew that we needed to find someone who has knowledge and experience in selling these kinds of properties. upon high recommendation from a member of the heritage square museum, we hired natalie neith to sell the property for us and we were really glad we did. not only was natalie extremely experienced, competent and knowledgeable in the area of historic properties, but she was also conscientious, she always made herself available and had excellent follow-up. she made gave us insightful advise, and went out of her way to address any and all concerns and answer any questions we had. she also had a terrific contacts list of other professionals, such as contractors, appraisers, loan officers, etc., who had an appreciation and understanding for properties like ours. besides that, she had the ability to think outside the box and was able to employ creative marketing ideas that proved to be effective. in less than one week after putting the house on the market, multiple offers were made. we ended up selling the property for more than our asking price. we were very, very happy with her performance and would recommend her to others without reservation.rick and gary mitchell"we were so pleased with the service we received from natalie when we decided to list our house. she was very helpful and responsive to our questions, and worked diligently on our behalf. her knowledge of the neighborhood and familiarity with older homes make the most of each 'showing' of the house. much to our surprise, we had several offers to review in only 8 days! working with catbagan/neith team gave us confidence during the entire process of selling our first home."wendy c."i used natalie to sell my west adams property in 2007 and then our west hollywood condo in 2011. she was excellent to work with and sold both properties quickly. she is very knowledgeable about the west adams area in particular."bret beach"natalie is honest, knowledgeable and truly cares about her clients."chinita and sarah stalzer"natalie is a truly professional, productive and knowledgeable real estate agent."chris mckeen"natalie was a wonderful help as she has a true love for older homes and the value of craftsmanship, that's very important as too many classic homes get torn down because of lack of a realtor who can find and knows people who want to live in historical homes.,"david w douthat"natalie is a pleasure to work with and is plugged in to the west adams area of los angeles like nobody else. she is advocates for her clients and is one of the most diligent agents i've ever has to pleasure to work with."joshua jackson"natalie is simply the best! she knows everyone and can put a deal together in no time. she changed our lives. i can not recommend her enough!"fiona cooke"natalie neith is a super agent! she started as our realtor and now she is a friend. as first time buyers we need someone we could trust. natalie has experience and know how and she is not above doing a little hand holding when i needed it. when we first started looking, we wasted our time with a few agents that did not bother to learn our needs, wants, or what we could afford. our first meeting with natalie was just so she could learn how she could serve our family in finding the right home. for our second meeting she took us on a driving tour that helped her understand our tastes, and helped us see neighborhoods through a realtor's eyes. los angeles is a tough market, and she spent an incredible amount of time and energy to ensure we got the beautiful home we wanted. than you super agent natalie!"laura m."if you are looking for a patient realtor who is looking out for the best opportunity for you, natalie is your agent. she helped us look for over 2 years across all of los angeles for the right home. she never pushed us one way or another and really wanted to make sure we felt great about each property we wrote a bid on. the la market is tough so having someone wo is knowledgeable and well connected is really helpful. we often ran into colleagues or old employees of hers that sometimes gave us some extra into a property as well. "compkali"natalie was very charming, competent, and easy to work with. she did all her homework for the comps and we set a reasonable price that ended being exceeded in the final offer. she was astute to keep up with the other realtors and was on top of all the inspections that had to be done. she kept me up to date with things that needed to be done and a big plus was doing all the documents on-line. from the beginning we had a closing date in mind...and guess what...we met that date. i would highly recommend her services."thomas warren 





 brokerage logo  

contact (323) 595-9414email us facebookinstagramyoutubelinkedin compass 14242 ventura blvd. ste.100sherman oaks, ca 91423(323) 595-9414 

resources home searchfeatured communitiesfeatured listingsmarket reportswhats my home worth?calculate my paymentslogin/registercontact 

explore 
meet the teampast salessell with mecompass conciergebuying a homebridge loan servicescontact 



© 2025 natalie neith team | dre#: 01045639 | compass -  all rights reserved | privacy policy | powered by blok. the natalie neith team is a real estate team affiliated with compass, a licensed real estate broker and abides by all applicable equal housing opportunity laws. all material presented herein is intended for informational purposes only. information is compiled from sources deemed reliable but is subject to errors, omissions, changes in price, condition, sale, or withdrawal without notice. no statement is made as to accuracy of any description. all measurements and square footages are approximate. this is not intended to solicit property already listed. some or all of the listings may not belong to the firm whose website is being visited. nothing herein shall be construed as legal, accounting or other professional advice outside the realm of real estate brokerage. 



























privacy policythe real estate production company dba agenta ("agenta," "we," "us," "our") provides websites, hosting, digital marketing and other technology to our clients ("clients") in the real estate industry. our services help real estate professionals enhance their online presence and manage their digital marketing effortsthis privacy policy describes how we collect, use, and protect personal information when you visit the websites of our clients. as a visitor to our clients' websites ("sites"), this policy applies to you. our clients' branding may be displayed on the site you are interacting with, but agenta is responsible for providing the underlying technology and services.if you are a visitor to one of our clients' sites, this privacy policy applies to you and describes agenta's policies and practices regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of your personal information. agenta provides these services solely as a service provider and data processor, using the personal information collected at the direction of our clients. this privacy policy does not apply to any websites, applications, or other online services that do not link to this policy, including other services provided by our clients. please contact the client directly to learn about how they use your personal information.1. information we collect1.1. information you provide to uscontact information: we collect contact information that you provide, such as your name, email address, and phone number.payment information: for transactions, we collect payment details, but this information is tokenized and processed securely by our payment provider.communications: when you contact us for support or provide feedback, we collect your correspondence.other information: we collect other information not listed here that you may provide to us voluntarily in connection with your interactions with the client through the site or services.1.2. information we collect automaticallyusage information: we collect details about your interactions with our services, such as ip address, browser type, pages viewed, and the time spent on our site.cookies and similar technologies: we use cookies to remember your preferences and track your activity on our site. for more details, see our cookie policy.1.3. information from third partiessocial media information: if you interact with us on social media platforms, we may receive information from those platforms according to their privacy policies.other sources: we may receive information about you from other third parties, such as marketing partners, public databases, or data providers.2. how we use your informationwe use your information to:provide, operate, and improve our services.personalize your experience and deliver content relevant to your interests.improve our website and services through data analysis and research.provide support, and respond to requests, questions, and feedback.provide marketing and advertising services on behalf of our clients.ensure the security and integrity of our services.comply with legal obligations and resolve disputes.send marketing communications, in compliance with the can-spam act.3. how we share your informationwe do not sell or share your personal information with third parties for marketing or promotional purposes. we may share your information with:service providers: companies that help us operate our business, such as hosting services, payment processors, and analytics providers, who are required to keep your information confidential.legal requirements: when required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena or similar legal process.business transfers: in the event of a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of our assets, your information may be transferred to the new owner.4. your rights under ccpaunder the california consumer privacy act (ccpa), california residents have the right to:know: request information about the personal data we collect, use, and share about you over the past 12 months.access: obtain a copy of your personal data.delete: request the deletion of your personal data, subject to certain exceptions.opt-out: decline the sale of your personal data, though we do not sell personal data.non-discrimination: not be discriminated against for exercising any of your ccpa rights.to exercise these rights, please contact us at ccpa@agentawebsites.com. we will respond to your request within 45 days.5. data retentionwe retain your information as long as necessary to provide our services and comply with legal obligations. if you request deletion of your data, we will remove it unless we are compelled to retain it for legal reasons.6. data securitywe use various security measures to protect your personal information. these include encryption, access controls, and regular security assessments. while we strive to ensure the security of your data, no method of transmission over the internet or electronic storage is 100% secure.7. cookies and tracking technologieswe use cookies to enhance your experience on our site. you can manage your cookie preferences through your browser settings. disabling cookies may affect the functionality of our services. for more information, please see our cookie policy.8. do not trackwe honor do not track (dnt) signals and do not track, plant cookies, or use advertising when a dnt browser mechanism is in place.9. third-party servicesour site may contain links to third-party websites and services. we are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of these third-party sites. please review their privacy policies to understand how they collect and use your information.we use third-party services such as google analytics, google ads, and meta ads (formerly facebook ads) to:understand and improve the performance of our services.remarket advertising to you on behalf of our clients.these services may collect information about your use of our website, including your ip address, browser type, and browsing activities. the data collected by these third parties is used to provide insights into website traffic, user behavior, and marketing effectiveness.you can learn more about how these third-party services use your data and opt-out of their data collection by visiting their respective privacy policies:google analytics and google ads: google privacy policymeta ads (facebook): meta privacy policy10. text messaging and ftc compliancewe adhere to ftc requirements regarding text messaging to protect you from unwanted and unlawful texts. this includes blocking texts from illegitimate numbers and providing a point of contact for reporting any issues. for more details on these requirements, please visit the fcc's website.11. international data transfersalthough we do not currently transfer data internationally, we will ensure that any future international data transfers comply with applicable laws and regulations to protect your data.12. user rights and controlin addition to ccpa rights, you may have the right to access, correct, or delete your personal information, object to or restrict processing of your data, and request data portability. please contact us at legal@agentawebsites.com to exercise these rights.13. incident responsein the event of a data breach, we will notify affected users within 72 hours of becoming aware of the breach, as required by applicable laws. we will take immediate steps to mitigate the breach and prevent future incidents.14. data minimization and accuracywe are committed to collecting only the personal data that is necessary for the purposes outlined in this policy. we take reasonable steps to ensure the accuracy and completeness of your personal information.15. children's privacyour services are not intended for use by children under 13, and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. if we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under 13, we will delete it.16. email communications and can-spam actwe comply with the can-spam act. you can opt-out of receiving our marketing emails by following the instructions at the bottom of each email or by contacting us at optout@agentawebsites.com. we will promptly honor your request to be removed from our email lists.17. changes to this privacy policywe may update this privacy policy from time to time. we will notify you of any changes by posting the new privacy policy on our website and updating the effective date. it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically.18. contact usif you have any questions about this privacy policy, please contact us at:real estate production company dba agenta
				po 22582
				901 broadway
				nashville, tn 37202
				legal@agentawebsites.com
