








the hillside group - a group dedicated to design patterns. home of the patterns library.















































 







monday,
							february
17,
							2025



 
 

text size

 login










site search

























hilltop





news




history




hillside europe




membership





hillside members







mission statement




vision




board





hillside documents







donate




fellowship award







patterns





about patterns




books





business process patterns




coding patterns/idioms/style




design patterns




organizational patterns




other patterns




other process patterns




technology/language specific design patterns




architecture and requirements patterns







patterns catalog




education




mailing lists




writing




tools




links




tplop




faq







books




conferences





plop





ooplsa 2007 mini plop





ooplsa 2007 mini plop acm paper







ooplsa 2009 mini plop







asian plop




europlop




sugarloaf plop




viking plop




scrum plop




chili plop




guruplop




koalaplop




meta plop




paraplop




plop conference proceedings




plop paper template




other conferences





oopsla




ecoop




splash







shepherding




useful documents







vision


































											plop									


pattern languages of programs, people, and practices (plop®) is the premier conference for pattern authors and users to gather, discuss and learn more about patterns. to achieve this, the conference promotes the use of patterns and pattern languages, as well as the underlying theory of the nature of order. plop 2024 will be held october 13-16, 2024. visit the plop official site, 






1











top news>>





					plop™ (oct  13-16, 2024)
 check out the main plop website for more information… 




›
‹




the hillside mission

the mission of the hillside group is to improve the quality of life and society as a whole. this includes architects, developers, managers, owners, workers, educators, students, and more. understanding and helping the human element is critical for achieving success. the hillside group believes in making processes and design more humane by paying attention to real people and existing practices.
the hillside group promotes the use of patterns and pattern languages to record, analyze, and share knowledge to help achieve its mission. the hillside group sponsors a variety of activities to achieve this mission—organizing workshops, hosting plop (pattern) conferences, and producing publications for discussing, recording, and documenting successful practices.

the hillside group supports many different conferences such as: plop, europlop, asianplop, vikingplop, sugarloafplop, and chiliplop. these conferences focus on writing groups to better improve patterns through group exposure. each conference offers advanced topics for the more adept pattern writers. participants have the opportunity to refine and extend their patterns with help from knowledgeable and sympathetic patterns enthusiasts.





pattern books

the design patterns book series showcases many patterns from plop conferences and leading experts in the patterns field.

see our  pattern book library filled with over 80 pattern related books.






patterns resources


pattern definition
a pattern language defines a consists of patterns and the rules with sequences to combine them. 

patterns catalog
a collection of pattern resources on the web. sign up for an account to add your own. 

tools for writing patterns
pattern writing tools include example code and pattern writing templates.

plop conference proceedings
past conference proceedings from the plop conferences.








plop conferences



plop


asian plop


europlop


scrum plop


sugarloaf plop


viking plop



















						hillside fellowship award					



						plop conference proceedings					



						patterns for api design					



						pattern languages of programing					



						security patterns in practice					




  the hillside fellowship award        the hillside fellowship program was established in 2016 to recognize members of the hillside group who have made exceptional contributions to the hillside community and to the patterns community at large. the title of hillside fellow denotes an outstanding member who has consistently and   repeatedly:          provided excellence in contributions to the patterns body of knowledge     advanced the arts,… read more


 plop conference proceedings   after the plop workshops, writers are encouraged to modify their papers and submit a final version. the final versions are collected and submitted to the acm digital library. the versions are also available from the conference website.    conference proceedings (acm digital library)   some of the plop accepted papers have been published on the   acm digital library  . the program committee will… read more


  patterns for api design         "  patterns for api design  " by olaf zimmermann, mirko stocker, daniel lubke, uwe zdun, and cesare pautasso          this book is for any domain, technology, or platform     identify and overcome api challenges   size your endpoint types and operations   design request and response messages and their representations   refine your message design for quality   combine patterns to solve real-world problems and make… read more


plop™ (oct  13-16, 2024)
 check out the main plop website for more information and details!!! read more


  security patterns in practice       eduardo fernandez's new book "  security patterns in practice: designing secure architectures with software patterns  " has been published.          it is the result of 14 years of producing security patterns with students and colleagues. almost all of these patterns went through plop, europlop, asianplop, or sugarloafplop. many of you have participated as shepherds or workshop commentators, the book owes something to… read more

















main menu


hilltopnewshistoryhillside europemembershipmission statementvisionboarddonatefellowship awardpatternsbooksconferencesvision




















support the hillside group



























how-to-hold-a-writers-workshopplop 2024


back to top










submissions

submit a pattern link
submit a pattern book



tplop
 

learn more about patterns

design pattern books
design patterns catalog



disclaimer
important: plop® is a registered     trademark of the hillside group.  © copyright 1994 - 2024, all rights reserved














login form












				remember me			





 


					forgot your password?



					forgot your username?








