

baby shower games, themes, favors
















hundreds of baby shower games, party themes, invitations, baby shower favors, gift ideas, decorations, and poems!









 
8-step baby shower guide -- timeline -- free worksheets -- hostess guide -- shower articles 

games --  themes -- favors -- decorations -- invitations -- recipes -- gifts -- stories and poetry -- q&a
 



















 






planning a baby shower


 
 
 


 
where do i start?
            8-step baby shower
baby shower games and themes
answering two questions we often receive: 
distance  shower and 2nd & 3rd baby
updated q&a:              answering your questions
 


 
 
 









quick
                start:
                  games
themes
favors
distance showers: 
                when everyone can't attend same place




 



  custom baby shower invitations 
customize your text online and then have the professionally printed invitations delivered to your door.





 
 


 
 






 
 
 







baby showers 


 
 
 


 

                            motorcycle diaper cake! 
                            step by step guide on how to make your very own motorcycle diaper cake.
the art of sharing
                              co-hosting a baby shower. 
baby showers - then and now 
a personal reflection on baby showers through the decades.
baby shower
                              poems & stories 
                              tell us your party story! 
diaper cakes
how to make one or find online shops.

                              green baby shower planning an eco party.
 

 


 
 
 








                              baby girl india inspired styles at 
                              tea collection 


 



                              baby boy india inspired styles at 
                              tea collection 


 


 
 


 
 
 










 





birth and baby shower
                          stories, poems, and traditions 


 
 
 
 
 


 
birth and baby stories
  women share their  touching stories with us. add yours!
baby shower poems 
                          poetry to add to your baby shower invitations or decorations. 
baby shower stories 
                          party stories.
birth and baby poems 
                          a lovely collection of pregnancy, birth, and newborn poetry.
baby geneology 
                          musings at a baby shower of a child's family history.

multicultural baby traditions
                          international baby customs from around the world.
birth letters
                          written to one's newborn.

   
 


 
 
 
 
 









              history of baby showers
 welcome to baby-shower.com where you will find  helpful ideas, hundreds of games and themes, and useful baby shower checklists to meet all your party planning needs. 
baby showers can be described as a celebration of new life, family  and love.  they bring people together and, no matter how much stress was  present beforehand, it seems to evaporate with the introduction of fun games,  yummy food, and the topic of babies.  a newborn is a symbol of renewal,  love and happiness, and the baby shower is a special opportunity for friends  and family to join in on the momentous occasion of welcoming a new life.
the modern baby shower traces back many hundreds of years to when people would bring helpful gifts to new mothers.  although  there was no actual party, it was only a matter of time before these little  celebrations evolved into baby showers as we know them today where they are not  only a way to welcome the new baby but also a time to celebrate family! 
traditionally, once the baby had reach a month in age, he or she  would be introduced to all the mother’s friends and family.  generally,  this time-honored tradition was linked with a major event such as the baby’s  christening.  
as the years went by, women began celebrating their newest  bundles of joy even before they were born.  victorian women in the late  19th century would often host tea parties for the expecting mothers in their  lives, and it quickly became a common practice. 
the 20th century saw the greatest changes in the baby shower,  bringing it from simple tea parties to their modern form.  although still  commonly attended by women only, showers no longer have to be exclusively  female.  it is increasingly an  acceptable option to invite close male family/friends and children too. in  today’s world, there are all sorts of unique families, and for every one of  them there is a different ‘right way’ to hold the party -- however the essence is always the same -- a  celebration of life, love and family.  
very few things compare to the excitement of a new child, and the  baby shower in many ways mirrors the trials and tribulations that every expecting  mother is experiencing.
here at baby-shower.com, we offer practical advice for overcoming  the challenges associated with hosting a truly memorable baby shower.  the result for you: a sense of happiness and  fulfillment on a job well done, and the big smile on mom’s face makes the  effort very worthwhile.  we can help you plan for questions that may be as  simple as drafting up an invitation guest list, planning out the food  menu, find the right games, or picking out a theme.  you may also face more complex problems  that can arise, such as an unexpectedly early arrival of baby  or how to co-host a baby shower.   
baby-shower.com is here for you! if there is something specific that you are still unable to locate, please check the q&a.
we have been offering advice to our visitors for the past ten years,  and like the baby shower journey, we will continue evolving, meeting the needs  of our modern visitors. 
so curl up in your chair and relax -- the key to  hosting a perfect baby shower begins here.              

update: 190325 




 
 

 


 
 






 


 
 
 

 


   
   
   





 
 
 


 
thank you for visiting our baby shower site!
our goal is  to assist you in planning all aspects of a successful baby shower.
we hope you enjoy using this site!
~the team at
								baby-shower.com   
 


 
 
 


















 
 



great  resources:
romance
wedding shower
baby and mom resources 



 
 
 
 



 

 


 
 
 



 




 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 














 




8-step baby shower guide -- timeline -- free worksheets -- hostess guide -- shower articles

games --  themes -- favors -- decorations -- invitations -- recipes -- gifts -- stories and poetry -- q&a

 
 













 
 
 

business inquiries - privacy and terms of use




  this material may not be republished or
  rewritten in any form either online or offline. 
  monitored by copyscape.com and other media ownership services.

  site maintained by wizard graphics and managed by big red roo internet services.
 

 












