






star gazing farm animal sanctuary – a haven for retired farm animals and wayward goats






















































































 
	an animal sanctuary in maryland for abused, stray, neglected, and special needs animals. 









 





toggle navigation





animals 

meet our animals
sponsor an animal
in memorium


how to help 

donate
sponsor an animal
shop
wishlist
volunteer


about the farm 

sanctuary
education
planning a visit
surrendering an animal
administrative


services 

bunny motel
shearing


farm stories
contact
shop
donate
 

 





star gazing farm animal sanctuaryproviding safe haven to abused, stray, neglected, and special needs farm animals and offering educational programs and community service opportunities to young people.“to my mind, the life of a lamb is no less precious than that of a human being.”― mahatma gandhi“horse sense is the thing a horse has which keeps it from betting on people.”― w.c. fields“when i look into the eyes of an animal, i do not see an animal. i see a living being. i see a friend. i feel a soul.”― anthony douglas williams“you become responsible, forever, for what you have tamed.”― antoine de saint-exupéry, the little prince“some people talk to animals. not many listen though. that's the problem.”― a.a. milne, winnie-the-pooh“the bond with a true dog is as lasting as the ties of this earth will ever be.” – konrad lorenz“you think those dogs will not be in heaven! i tell you they will be there long before any of us.”― robert louis stevenson"all things share the same breath - the beast, the tree, the man... the air shares its spirit with all the life it supports." - chief seattle


what we are about










						our mission					


star gazing farm animal sanctuary provides safe haven to abused, stray, neglected, and special needs farm animals and offers educational programs and community service opportunities to young people. we want to allow the animals to show people their beauty, intelligence, wit, and worthiness.





events










						who is your animal valentine?					


take the quiz and find out who your special animal valentine is!





help an animal!










						barnraising					


three years ago we started a campaign to raise funds to build a new barn—a beautiful open space to accommodate our older large animals in inclement weather, with a modular open-model stall area for our smaller infirm animals. the structure will also double as an event and learning space.


















2025 calendar













dedications













farm visits





easy ways to help!
	spread the word! visit us on facebook and instagram and share with your animal-loving friends.
check out our wishlist.

set up a monthly donation for as little as $5!
our other web sitescheck out our online shop! you can support us by sponsoring an animal or making a purchase. just in! our 2023 calendars!	
santa letters from the animals run every year from december 1 - december 24. you can read the charming letters the animals wrote and find out if santa missed a few gifts they asked for.  subscribe! 
first name



last name



email address: 
		




leave this field empty if you're human: 
we send out e-newsletters about 6 times a year. we will never share your information with third parties.

  










star gazing farm© 2024 star gazing farm, inc.
all rights reserved.
www.stargazingfarm.orgein#: 20-0882587
cfc#: 86412
contact usemail: info@stargazingfarm.org
phone/text: (301) 674-5716
po box 162
boyds, maryland 20841






help us out!
donate!
visit our shop!

latest farm essaysphilosophy and doomsday storieswaking up with goatsthe problem with roostersinadvertent housekeeping





 






























