



high school class rings, college, corporate










 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 








why buy from us?
1. our prices listed online. our competition won't tell you what 
                your ring will cost until you speak with a persuasive rep, who 
                may try to talk you into spending more. 
2. our warranty is rock solid. check out our warranty section 
                and compare it to the competition.
3. our selection is great. we have an amazing array of choices, 
                from side designs to stone selections and ring styles and metals, 
                we have a complete set of choices.
4. unique side designs! we are the only company left that is 
                actually willing to spend the time and care it takes to make a 
                new side design just for you, based on your artwork (for an additional 
                fee). only buyclassrings can make a truly unique ring for you 
                with your design. 
from middle school class rings to high school rings to college 
                rings or even corporate rings and sports rings, buy class rings 
                can can make a unique ring for you!



 















 











class 
                    rings
easily design 
                    class ring online. whether you are looking 
                    for high school rings; or college 
                    class rings; or for a university, school, or homeschool 
                    or hometown; or even a corporate or organizational ring; or 
                    any sort of graduation jewelry, you can buy it here with five 
                    easy steps:
1) choose a style. 
                    click on your style picture to check prices in various metal 
                    options.
2) choose your 
                    side designs from a list of hundreds of designs.
3) choose your 
                    precious, semi-precious, or synthetic stones from dozens of 
                    choices.
4) check the class 
                    ring prices list for pricing on each element of your ring.
5) 
                    order class rings by downloading and faxing our order form 
                    and personalize with your name, college, university, school 
                    or organization, graduation year, school colors and mascot, 
                    favorite activities, and more. 
high 
                    school rings
we have a large variety of high school class 
                    rings styles and side designs taylored specifically to high 
                    schools and homeschools. our high school ring side designs 
                    include sports, careers, memories, zodiac signs, religious 
                    symbols, honors, your hometown, and many more. let us make 
                    the perfect high school graduation rings for you. we can even 
                    make your highschool class rings mascot, sports rings, or 
                    unique side design for an additional fee. 
college 
                    class rings
we 
                    specialize in college graduation rings. our college and university 
                    class rings come in a large assortment. represent your degree 
                    or discipline on your college class ring, or your fraternity 
                    or sorority, or even an honors society or sports team. and 
                    if we don't have your specific side design, we can even usually 
                    make one for you with your supplied computerized artwork and 
                    additional fee. 
corporate 
                    rings
we 
                    can create the right organizational or corporate rings for 
                    you. supply us with a digital copy of your corporation symbol 
                    or corporate logo, and for an additional fee we can usually 
                    create the perfect corporate ring for your employees or organization 
                    members as a reward or symbol of lifetime achievement, or 
                    to celebrate closing a big deal. let us work with your company 
                    to create a proud symbol of what you represent in the marketplace. 
                    we can even work with you to provide bulk pricing on a large 
                    quantity of identical or nearly-identical rings.
sports 
                    rings
we 
                    have a good selection of sports rings. we make a lot of high 
                    school sports rings and college sports rings. we have side 
                    designs for baseball rings, football rings, basketball rings, 
                    hockey, soccer, skiing, surfing, snowboarding, tennis, boxing, 
                    and many more. we even have combination of sports such as 
                    volleyball and track or swimming. and coming soon, we are 
                    working on some great championship rings for champion teams.
 
buy class rings is a division of academic cap and gown. you 
                    can visit our graduation gowns, academic regalia, choir robes, 
                    and judicial gowns website by clicking on the link below. 
                    we've been in business for 60 years, and plan on being around 
                    for 60 more!








site 
        map linkmaps 
        1 linkmaps 
        2


  







































