


















social current | activating the power of the social sector

























































 


























about
careers
contact
partnerships
 
											login										

											donate										

search for:

search







impact areas






	impact areas
 
 




overviewbrain science and trauma-informed approacheschild, family, and community well-beingcoa accreditation 


government affairs and advocacyleadership and organizational development 


 
 

solutions






	solutions
 
 




coa accreditationconsultationleadership and organizational developmentworkforce resilience 


impact partnershipsknowledge and insights centeron-demand learningtechnical assistancechild, family, and community well-being 


 
 

advocacy

government affairs and advocacyfederal public policy agendasocial impact campaign
events

all events and webinarsexecutive leadership instituteconvening for chief executivescoa accreditation trainingssocial current: on the road
news 




 
 


a catalyst for change social current is the premier partner and solutions provider to a diverse network of human and social service organizations. together with our network, we are activating the power of the social sector to effect broader systemic change that is needed to achieve our vision of an equitable society where all people can thrive.
 learn more about social current





 










executive leadership institute
the executive leadership institute (eli) equips senior-level managers and executives with the knowledge and skills to oversee day-to-day operations and prepare for the future and greater systems change. social current partners with loyola university chicago’s quinlan school of business for this transformational program.


learn more and register









workforce well-being and resilience
this four-part webinar series will equip leaders and supervisors with foundational knowledge and skills to help their teams manage uncertainty and interpersonal conflict so they can create a healthy and resilient organizational culture.


learn more and register









introduction to coa accreditation
this free 30-minute webinar provides an introduction to social current and coa accreditation. participants will gain an understanding of the key concepts that define coa accreditation, the steps toward becoming accredited, and the benefits of accreditation.


learn more and register









 



								latest news							









feb. 14, 2025




how well do you know your coworkers? fostering psychological safety and supporting well-being in the workplace

																workforce resilience															









														feb. 10 federal update: webinar to discuss strategies for workforce su…													

														february 10, 2025 | 
														
															government affairs and advocacy														







														apply now to become pilot community for social impact campaign													

														february 10, 2025 | 
														
															news														







														how human and social service organizations are leveraging technology i…													

														february 6, 2025 | 
														
															leadership and organizational development														





view more news






          events        







						event list					






			feb		

			19		








1:00 pm – 2:00 pm  est  



event series









		advocacy in action: strategies for workforce sustainability and insurance accessibility	










			feb		

			20		








2:00 pm – 3:00 pm  est  



		an executive leadership institute for organizational impact	










			feb		

			26		








3:00 pm – 4:00 pm  est  



		social impact campaign community pilots informational session	









		view calendar	





 view more events






 



subscribe to our newsletters
bi-weekly newsletters with up-to-date information on social current, and the latest roundup of policy and advocacy.





										subscribe to our newsletters				





 



areas of impact
we work to achieve impact by supporting, strengthening, and amplifying the work of the social sector in six core areas.





 




brain science and trauma-informed approaches
infuse brain science to build meaningful relationships and resilience





child, family, and community well-being
identify upstream solutions for keeping families strong and together





coa accreditation
commit to continuous improvement and evidence-based practices





government affairs and advocacy
achieve influence at the federal level through advocacy and mobilization





leadership and organization development
gain leadership skills to address complex challenges and create impact





 


 

social current is the only place where i can connect with my counterparts at other national associations. that type of resource is needed and very motivating for the sector.
— reuben rotman, network of jewish human service agencies 

we have found such value in the network. leveraging the experience of our colleagues and peers as well as social current’s offerings has been invaluable to us as an organization.
— kirsten olson, children & families first 

being a part of the social current network is critical to our ability to build relationships and learn about what great work is being done at other organizations across the country. we can then bring that back to our local community so we can do our work better.
— micah jorrisch, maryhurst 






learn more about our impact areas





 









										login									

										donate									

ein: 39-1709925

follow us:
facebook
linkedin
instagram





mailing address
p.o. box 3493
sturtevant, wi 53177
(800) 221-3726



about
careers
coa accreditation
impact areas
impact partnerships
events
partnerships
policy action center
news
 


copyright © 2025 social current. all rights reserved

privacy policy
terms of use











































