


home - buck hill falls






















































skip to main content   loginmenu ☰×

buck hill fallsdining & eventsgolfracquet sportsfitness & wellnesscommunity

 


















   buck hill falls is a year-round resort and home community in the pocono mountains of pennsylvania. our 4500-acre property boasts a 27-hole golf course, a tennis center with ten har-tru courts, an olympic-size outdoor swimming pool, championship lawn bowling greens, and miles of nature trails. we build upon a century of history, bringing generations together for fun and relaxation in the beauty of nature. 





golf

18 holes by donald ross.
9 holes by robert white.
endless possibilities. 
experience the timeless design of legendary course architects as you play through scenic wooded mountainside terrain. 
generations of golfers have enjoyed the unmatched beauty and varied challenges of the historic buck hill falls golf course. 


explore golf










racquet sports

championship-quality courts overlook stately mature forests and dazzling mountain vistas. 
a buck hill falls tradition since 1913, our tennis facilities offer har-tru surfaces, a pro shop, expert repairs, professional instruction, tournaments, and more.


explore racquet sports










community

4500 acres of serene natural woodlands in the beautiful pocono mountains.
architectural masterpieces from a bygone era. 
lively fine arts and cultural events.  
abundant recreation and activities.  
peace, quiet, and privacy within 2 hours of new york city and philadelphia.  
our family-friendly resort community has a lot to offer.


explore the community










dining

7 unique venues in the heart of the pocono mountains offer unforgettable ambiance for events large and small. 
buck hill falls offers professional staff and personalized service to create your ideal experience.  



explore dining










history

in our 121 year history, buck hill falls has been a quaker retreat, a nature preserve, a world-renowned vacation resort, a golf mecca, and a community of friends.  
and we're still going strong.



discover buck hill falls




 buck hill falls 270 golf drive buck hill falls, pa 18323 570-595-7511facebooktwitterinstagramyoutubelinkedin© buck hill falls company. all rights reserved.


