



badia a coltibuono





badia a coltibuono
the abbey of coltibuono near   gaiole in chianti

 click here to stay
at badia a coltibuono! 




the former monastery of badia a coltibuono
        is  located in the chianti, italy
        wine zone of tuscany, italy,
        near the town of gaiole
        in chianti.
        badia a coltibuono monastery was founded in 1051 and was owned by the   vallumbrosan order of benedictine monks 
      until 1810. a great many important manuscripts and deeds were housed here
      for hundreds of years, making first mention of many of the towns, castles
      and villas of the chianti area. these documents are now in the archives in
      florence. in the 15 c, the "buon raccolto" ("good
        harvest") abbey ("abbazia" or "badia" in
      italian) was extensively developed under 
      the patronage of  
        lorenzo dei medici. it was subsequently transformed into a farmhouse-villa, 
        and has retained its agricultural function ever since.
        the
        badia a coltibuono garden, which has been radically restored in recent decades,
        is laid out in the form of the ancient  hortus conclusus, or
        "enclosed garden", with geometrical box hedge divisions around
        beds planted with aromatic and medicinal plants, and is an important
        early example of a "tuscan
        garden",
        and as a monastic garden it precedes even the renaissance villa gardens. the rectangular pool at
        the centre of the garden and the paving flags are pietra serena. some of
        the outer walks are adorned with long pergolas draped with vines. the
        impressive lebanese cedar that stands next to the abbey is 20 m
        tall and has a trunk with a circumference of 7 m. it is listed in
        the italian forestry commission's census of monumental trees of tuscany.
        the property is surrounded by large white fir trees, the result of
        reforestation work carried out by the monks, which was then continued in
        the 19 c. the
        current owners, the stucchi-prinetti family, have excelled in
        publicising their wine and other agricultural products, not least via
        the successful publications of lorenza de medici, wife of piero stucchi-prinetti,
        on tuscan cookery.
        badia a coltibuono is one of the attractions featured in the
        strada dei castelli del chianti (chianti
        castles route) tourist promotion of gaiole, and the abbey church and gardens may be visited as part of a local guided tour and the
        property houses a well-know restaurant. both are worth a visit.


badia
        a coltibuono in italiano
 
        









        the
        italianate garden at badia a coltibuono
        

(click
        the pictures for a larger view)




all
                about chianti
                




maps,
                things to see, where to stay,
chianti
        vacation rentals
more
                gardens of tuscany


pictures
        and descriptions of famous gardens at villas located in the chianti and tuscany countryside.













web
site promotion by ammonet
badia a coltibuono
© ammonet infotech
 2005 - 2020. all rights reserved.


