


























rocky top kennels - california mini australian shepherd breeder































































menu
home

about

breed info
the standards
links




pups for sale
dog training
gallery

fallen friends


qualities
mini’s vs. american
supplements
facebook
instagram
youtube
contact us

visit













   










california mini australian shepherd breeder
rocky top kennels



                                             show quality toy & miniature australian shepherds                                        





                                            located in creston california, rocky top kennels is an nsdr/akc recognized california mini australian shepherd breeder, providing generations of show quality toy & miniature australian shepherds throughout california and the western united states.                                        


 




















california mini australian shepherd breeder








california mini australian shepherd breeder
rocky top kennels
located in creston california, rocky top kennels is an nsdr/akc recognized california mini australian shepherd breeder, providing generations of show quality toy & miniature australian shepherds throughout california and the western united states.
upcoming puppies





our mission
miniature australian shepherd, mini aussie, toy australian shepherd puppies for sale available in creston, ca in slo county. we take great pride in breeding show quality, athletic, sociable, intelligent, healthy and most of all loving litters of mini aussie and toy australian shepherd puppies. ranging from variations of red merle, blue merle, and black tri, red tri of both female and male puppies.
learn more














show quality
certified show quality for american kennel club working dog trials and asca trials.


working ability
ready working and cattle ranching shepherds!


family companions
there’s no match for the emotional intelligence of an australian shepherd.


akc recognized
officially recognized breed by the national stock dog registry.




registry recognized
national stock dog registry, american stock dog registry, and american kennel club.



stud service
we also offer stud service on approved females.


cerf and ofa
all breeding dogs have a clear cerf and ofa of good or better.















american v.s. australian


mini american shepherd vs. mini aussie shepherd
what’s the difference?
for decades the breed status of the miniature australian shepherd has been a highly debated topic. the very first mini aussie shepherd was registered with the national stock dog registry (nsdr). since then other registries have formed and dictated the classification of the toy australian shepherd.
the american kennel club (akc), united states australian shepherd association (usasa) and the north american miniature shepherd club of the usa (namascusa) have agreed to split the australian shepherd into two separate breeds. under the akc the smaller version of an australian shepherd is now classified as the miniature american shepherd.
as of june 27th 2012 the akc approved this breed for entry into the miscellaneous class. entry into the miscellaneous group allows the miniature american shepherd to compete in akc conformation events.
my dogs are the best little wiggle butts in town
i hope you enjoy visiting with my miniature australian shepherds! if you have any questions please feel free to e-mail me at:cindy@rockytopkennels.com
rocky top kennels are akc recognized and a member of the national stock dog registry(nsdr)
call me at (805) 674-5579 for more information about our mini australian shepherd puppies in california!
learn about our dog training services.
















what makes us different
miniature australian shepherd, mini aussie, toy australian shepherd puppies for sale available in creston, ca in slo county. we take great pride in breeding show quality, athletic, sociable, intelligent, healthy and most of all loving litters of mini aussie and toy australian shepherd puppies. ranging from variations of red merle, blue merle, and black tri, red tri of both female and male puppies
at rocky top kennels our priority is health for the pups. we don’t take shortcuts here, and work hard to ensure the litters are strong and healthy. we understand bringing a dog into your life is no causal undertaking. it is a life long commitment. if you are looking for miniature american shepherd, miniature australian shepherd, toy australian shepherd puppy for sale please stop by and get to know our new litter, to see if one is a fit for you and/or your family.
thank you!
we now offer dog training with rajun kennels!


what people say about us “if you want a healthy, happy and beautiful dog, cindy at rocky top kennels is the one to go to. we got our mini aussie from her last year, and she’s been an amazing dog.” 
- teresagoogleavailable puppiesreserve nowsee puppies


miniature australian shepherd puppies available in creston, ca. for more information please call cindy at (805) 674-55


 
updated 2/2/25
call cindy at (805) 674-5579
what makes us different
miniature australian shepherd, mini aussie, toy australian shepherd puppies for sale available in creston, ca in slo county. we take great pride in breeding show quality, athletic, sociable, intelligent, healthy and most of all loving litters of mini aussie and toy australian shepherd puppies. ranging from variations of red merle, blue merle, and black tri, red tri of both female and male puppies
at rocky top kennels our priority is health for the pups. we don’t take shortcuts here, and work hard to ensure the litters are strong and healthy. we understand bringing a dog into your life is no causal undertaking. it is a life long commitment. if you are looking for miniature american shepherd, miniature australian shepherd, toy australian shepherd puppy for sale please stop by and get to know our new litter, to see if one is a fit for you and/or your family.
thank you!
mini aussie puppy video october 2019











google reviews






contact us













new-home-page





setup information

                thank you for purchasing our theme. we hope you enjoy our product! if you have any questions that are beyond the scope of the help file, please feel free to contact us on our support forum at.                http://helpdesk.unitedthemes.com

useful links to start with:

install required plugins
customize theme
theme options
set up your menu















 
                            
                                 ©  copyright rocky top kennels | site by simple tree



 
3220 hwy 41 creston, ca 93432

cindy@rockytopkennels.com
(805) 674-5579



facebook
youtube
instagram
google
































