











home - supermasterpiece.com









































skip to content







menu








search




search for:




 



home
turntables
vinyl records
video
print
songs
about
sitemap
 






difference between blu-ray and dvd




do portable record players ruin records?




are marmaduke comic books worth anything?




how do i know if my turntable speed is correct?


 

recent articles

link to do vinyl records wear out?


do vinyl records wear out?


nowadays, you can listen to a song digitally and mentally wear yourself out through repetition, but as a vinyl record enthusiast, you’re worried about listening to your records too much and...read post 
















is there a record player that also plays cds?


to you, vinyl records offer superior audio quality, but you still like listening to cds and wish there was a combo product. in today’s article, i’ll tell you if such a product exists.



is there...read post 
















what are the best inner sleeves for vinyl records?


whether you're a record collector with rare records or you simply want to properly care for the few readily available vinyl records you own, investing in the best inner sleeves for your records is a...read post 
















how to turn wired speakers into wireless bluetooth speakers


knowing how to turn wired speakers into wireless bluetooth speakers is a great way to breath new life into wired speakers. by following the simple steps below, adding bluetooth capability to wired...read post 
















manual, semi-automatic, or fully automatic turntables explained


as you browse through turntables from your favorite manufacturers, you’ll see that some are manual, others semi-automatic, and others still fully automatic. if you want to learn even more about the...read post 
















do turntable slipmats make a difference?


when using a turntable, rarely do you see it without a slip mat. in this guide to turntable slipmats, i’ll tell you what a turntable slipmat is, the various materials slipmats are made of ,and if...read post 














page 1
page 2
page 3
next »




welcome to super masterpiece 
hello and welcome to super masterpiece. we're obsessed with collecting all things rare and hard-to-find. while we collect more than just out of print vinyl records, this summer we're going through a record players, turntables and record collections period. 
about







home
turntables
vinyl records
video
print
songs
about
sitemap


							© 2025 copyright supermasterpiece.com					








