





welcome to the country day school of arlington













 









 

country day school of arlington
          montessori
          1105 w. randol mill rd., arlington, tx 76012
serving students 2 months through kindergarten
          817-275-0851 office • 817-253-9994 mobile



our mission is 
          to educate the whole child 
          thus we endeavor to nurture every heart 
          and challenge every mind through the
          experience of meaningful inquiry.


















 












 

















 

















 








click here for    "enrollment wait list "




quick links & forms



2024-25 tuition rates
2025-26 tuition rates
2024-25 tuition refund plan information
2024-25 extended day rates
2025-26 extended day rates
parent testimonials
2024-25 school year calendar
2025-26 school year calendar
lunch menus
school hours
uniform requirements
the year at a glance
teacher's wish list
community service projects
2024-25 application for admission
2025-26 application for admission
extended day sign up forms
after school opportunities
staff admin only





			montessori kindergarten:
  			essential & empowering 


        cnbc shows what the classroom of 
the future could look like. see video
why kids need to move touchand experience to learn:  see article






		      nba superstar, stephen curry, and his remarkable family, tell us how a montessori education has helped shape their outlook on life in this exclusive interview. filmed at the christian montessori school at lake norman, where stephen's mother, sonya curry, is the head of school.










montessori "in the news"








 program enrichments



program enrichments: physical education


twice weekly

				   â·  physical education - stretch n grow 





 after school opportunities





dance 
soccer 





















25 years of excellence

cdsa graduates




















montessori
              education versus conventional education


trevor eissler discovered montessori when his child started preschool. in his book, montessori madness, a persuasive argument is made for montessori education. mr. eissler created a fast draw presentation on the differences between montessori and conventional schools. we invite you to view a quick comparison between the two methods of teaching. watch video






  cognia
              country day school of arlington is accredited by  
			    cognia accreditation.

            cognia accreditation is a designation of quality recognized around the world. it is awarded by the north central association commission on accreditation and school improvement (nca casi), the northwest accreditation commission (nwac), and the southern association of colleges and schools council on accreditation and school improvement (sacs casi). together, these organizations have been accrediting institutions for more than 125 years.



an american montessori society (ams) associate member school accredited by cognia. 
all lead teachers are  certified or enrolled in a                        certification program authorized by one of the following: 



american montessori society (ams)
association montessori internationale (ami)
a training center recognized by the montessori accreditation council for teacher education commission (macte) 














 1. click donate button.
                2. log in or create your own paypal account.
                3. "send money" to paypal@cdsa.org.
                thank you for your donation!











 


 











