










home - wits university









 































aboutpeople/staffalumnilibraryvisit witsgivewits100






homepage





study at witsstudentsfaculties and schoolsteaching and learningresearch and innovationnews



search





search the site








search



















                menu
              


search 







search the site








search















skip navigation and go to page content



sections
study at witsstudentsfaculties and schoolsteaching and learningresearch and innovationnews




aboutpeople/staffalumnilibraryvisit witsgivewits100










start main page content
































choose a degree or diploma




search by keyword



course type

undergraduate
postgraduate




search courses









latest newsall news



how wits assists students financially 
the university has made every effort to assist academically talented students to register as far as our resources allow. 
19 february 2025




2025 budget speech: what to expect
economists from the wits school of economics and finance look at the potential outcomes of the budget speech, including fiscal consolidation and tax increases.
18 february 2025




south africa's thousand-year history gap
historians are uncovering a huge chunk of south africa's history not taught in schools and their research is rethinking our past.
18 february 2025

 



  latest events   all events
19febf-r-a-g-m-e-n-t-e-d main theatre18:0019febseven colours, letsema dance theatre 20:00 











wits in 60 seconds


        in this episode, turkey’s ambassador kezban nilvana darama yıldırımgeç visited wits to strengthen sa-turkey higher education ties. postgrad orientation 2025 gave students a strong start to their academic journey, while a wits-nicd study revealed that cash incentives and counselling significantly improve tb treatment success. new research from wish highlights that regular exercise before a cancer diagnosis may lower the risk of disease progression. plus, wits, tenet, and the city of joburg have expanded eduroam to 36 public libraries, keeping students connected beyond campus.
      
watch now





   





attractions on wits campuses
history, heritage and science at wits









origins centre: houses paleoanthropological and archaeological material, as well the largest rock engraving archive on the continent. visitors to the origins centre follow a path of hominin innovation that began over 2 million years ago.








wits art museum (wam): houses 9 000 of the world’s largest and finest collections of african art and is a rich resource for research and training.








tshimologong digital innovation precinct: facilitates the incubation of start-ups, the commercialisation of research and the development of high-level digital skills for students, working professionals and unemployed youth.








the life sciences museum: the only natural history museum in johannesburg. a multifaceted, modern museum with research and teaching laboratories, a large herbarium, and live plants and animals, skeletons, models and preserved specimens. 








the adler museum of medicine: preserves the history of the health sciences in southern africa, and supplements the educational activities of the university, by means of collections, research, teaching, exhibitions and publications.







  





wits virtual tour






see wits university in action!
want a closer look at life on campus? follow us on linkedin, instagram, facebook, twitter, tiktok to catch the latest updates, student stories, and campus highlights!











contact us
general enquiries
tel: +27 (0)11 717 1000
admission enquiries
tel: +27 (0)11 717 1888

find us
1 jan smuts avenue,
braamfontein 2000,
johannesburg,
south africa


quicklinks
vacanciesterm datestenderswits shop


connect with us









give to wits








copyright © 2020-2024 - university of the witwatersrand, johannesburg.
terms and conditions of use popia paia ispa browser support











close












 
 






