

mounted police horse  mountedpolice.com




















mounted police.... "don't horse around with drugs!"





home
links
resources
downloads
donations
mounted patrol tales




training
events
books



screen savers
clip art



google
yahoo
msn



 

 






 
police horseprotection laws
 





california
georgia
kentucky
minnesota
new hampshire
new york
ohio
wyoming




 



mounted police
email list
send an email


open only to currently active and retired mounted police officers.





 
 
 


featured mounted police articles




 build your own obstacle course




 developing a confident patrol horse 





 police horses featured on "america's horse" television




 berlin mounted rescued from disbanding




 training with the saudi national guard








mounted police news




here come the mounted police , budapest hungary
 
crime doesn’t neigh , dandenong star, australia  

these officers are a mane attraction ,ballston spa, ny

10 ft cops ,london times 

1,200 bid farewell to police horwe brigadier ,toronto, canada

second student clashes with police horse downtown ,alligator online, florida 
   
last gallop for capitol police mounted unit ,washington, dc

stalled a bit, mounted police back in saddle ,portland, or
 
 dakota county’s mounted patrol team scores perfect ,dakota county

pit bull attacks police horse ,san francisco, ca

trotting a beat in san francisco ,san frasisco, ca

businessman seeking to save detroit patrols ,detroit, mi

awards for police horse heroes   ,london, england

save the denver police mounted patrol   ,denver, co.

 mounted police teach bike safety   ,cadillac, michigan

  police horse a magnet for controversy  ,cincinnati, ohio

  police equestrian competition. ,fredericksburg, virginia

  city police horses see visitors in new stable ,toledo ohio

  police horse back on the beat  ,london, england

  accident claimes life of inspector and horse ,llahabad,india

  mounted officers attacked by dog ,detroit, mi

  mounted police at 2002 winter olympics ,salt lake city, ut

  mounted police, horses put to test at university site ,reno, nv

  grooming for the police , manchester, uk

mounted police horse dies in freak mishap , hyderabad india

police horse runs for roses,  lexington, ky

mounting an offensive  ,ciudad juarez, mexico

stand-off in cincinnati ,cincinnati, ohio

seven year struggle with city officials ,san antonio, tx

gpd adds new faces to its patrol units ,gainsville, fl








click image for larger photo




washington, dc - mounted police assist in search for missing intern
      metropolitan police mounted patrol sgt. leo scully, jr. rides "bear" through
        rock creek park, as the search continues for missing former intern chandra
        levy, tuesday, july, 17, 2001, in washington. "i don't think we are ever going to
        find her. that's my opinion," said scully. levy has been missing since late april.
        (ap photo/kenneth lambert) 












click image for larger photo




washington, dc – january 20th.  mounted police and military mounted units from all over the country participate in inaugural parade.
police units attending: (# horses)
		us park police mounted, dc (24)
		ntl park police mounted, md (15)
		philadelphia, pa (13)
		santa clara, ca (2)
		new castle, de (4)
		worchester, ma (6)
		virginia beach, va (8)
		birmingham, al (4)
		indianapolis, in (6)
		us marhal's posse, tx (20)  (image) 
		butler county sheriff,oh (19) (image) 





farmington woman wins mounted competition , dakota county

deaf horse serves police, roanoke, virginia

new mounted unit, honolulu, hawaii

horse power, san jose, ca










three charged with assaulting police horse
providence,ri – three middletown women have been charged with animal cruelty after
               police said they assaulted a patrolman’s horse. 
   the incident occurred friday(7/14) when a mounted patrolman was trying to clear the crowd of people spilling out of
   downtown clubs. a woman started petting the horse but then her companion, karyn schiliro, 21, hit the mare so
   hard in the rear that the animal kicked out, nearly striking two passers-by, police said. 
    when the patrolman threatened to arrest schiliro, the young woman just laughed and hit the horse again, police
   said. then another woman, lindsay kircher, 21, hit the horse with a pizza box and a third woman, tammy polley,
     20, hit the horse in the head with a soda can. after a short chase, the mounted patrolman and another
      officer caught the women and arrested them. the horse, named fleet, was not seriously hurt. 












butler county ohio 
 through private donations sheriffs mounted patrol acquires a military caisson similar to the ones
 used at arlington national cemetary. this first in the nation endevour is to honor fallen police and firemen.
 also recieved by butler county was two black english shires from the 3rd infantry guard at arlington cemetary.
 the horses were donated through the federal surplus equipment program. this was the first time horses had ever
 been redistributed.












the national law enforcement officers memorial was dedicated in 1991 by
president george bush.
 it honors all of america's federal, state and
local law enforcers. inscribed on the memorial's blue-gray marble walls are the names of more than 14,000 officers who
 have been killed in the line of duty, dating back to the first known death in 1794.


 

 







honor the patrol horse

 















mountedpolice patch 
screensaver and vintage
 postcard screeensaver are
 now available for
 download for free.
 




vintage postcards









 

 























 search www  search www.mountedpolice.com 





our motto: "dont horse around with drugs"
questions? comments? contact 
 mountedpolice.com











