









home ⋆ l'abri adventures


















































































skip to content










hometeam buildingyouth campsvenue hirecontacttoggle website search










menu
close





home
team building
youth camps
venue hire
contact
toggle website search




 





















facebook
 



twitter
 



youtube
 



instagram
 















 




















team building 








school camps 








youth camps 












venue hire 








church camps 








gatekeepers church 













 





contact us 













 





062 123 4546 (office hours)  









 





terms and conditions 









 





bookings@labri.org.za  









 





info@labri.org.za 











please note, that all site visits are by appointment only, please send a whatsapp or call 062 123 4546. 












 








directions to l'abri 





















grace assembly of god youth group 1 september 2018
https://youtu.be/dyiad_--ylitreverton schools leadership camphttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kg-2hq_ds-s&t=159syouth camps @ l’abri adventure farmhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ewt2g6951sqfun activities – push cart racing at its best!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ag7nhp7kpgw&t=10semwazi civil engineering corporate team building dayhttps://youtu.be/gim7vrwkklkyouth groups cook-off competitionhttps://youtu.be/vgjvhl0rxd8 



kwazulu natal, south africa l’abri school camp site, berg venture the youth camp company, adventure boot camp, makgadikgadi adventure camp,  outdoor education centers, dawnview  christian camp, christian camping in south africa, christian camping in kzn, hela hela adventure camp, l’abri youth camp, outdoor educators, pennington beach resort and adventure centre, skogheim conference centre, su glenhaven youth and church groups, the ventures group eduventures, wilderness outreach training program, camp anerley youth camps, camp el olam youth camp and outdoor education centre, siver oaks retreat, l’abri team building,  elandsheim retreat, glenrock camp site, em’seni adventure camp, l’abri educational tours, higher ground holiday adventures, christian camping youth centre.

activities in and around the karkloof, midlands area mbona nature reserve, rainbow retreat, umvoti vlei nature reserve, blinkwater nature reserve,  thistledown country house, kidz gone wild, family foundations international, busisa family adventure farm, karkloof canopy tour, karkloof nature reserve, bushwillow caravan park, kululapa adventure farm, kulupala adventure farm, vumelana family farm, outdoor education, blinkwater hiking trails, benvie gardens, sugarlands cottages.

 

google client reviews l'abri outdoor & adventure camp4.8based on 16 reviewspowered by googlereview us onnonjabulo felicity08:42 02 jun 18this is an awesome place to be and they have a great hospitality#marion studentnadia van der merwe09:59 24 dec 17l'abri is a amazing place. i would never want to live anywhere else than here where i am on l'abri . love it and never forget it. its my lovely home.karlien van tonder05:39 18 jul 17most beautiful place. the closest to heaven you will get. not only a beautiful  place but the hospitality from owners and staff you won't get anywhere else. do yourself a favor and visit this haven where you will be blessed beyond anything you can imagine.sam bester12:11 17 jul 17absolutely great!!!!!, if you want to have a relaxing time, interact, swim in waterfalls, go for a quite walk, and absorb the beauty of nature, this is the place to go. the most polite, friendly hosts.we have been a few times and will definitely be back. the zip line is great, enjoyed the climbing wall, and especially the abseil. a lot to do that is hard to find ells where. very competent staff, enjoycharl van der walt14:58 16 jul 17its is the most beautiful place in the world! every time i stay there i do not want to go home! the facilities are awesome, the food served it great and i am sure they have the best and biggest obstacle course in south africa. absolutely love it!!!!!see all reviews  





				copyright l'abri adventure camp			



































