




home | harvey mudd college 















































skip to main content
skip to navigation for this section




home


resources for
resources for



students


faculty and staff


alumni


parents


mudd a–z









open search






admission and financial aid

toggle admission dropdown menu


discover harvey mudd
connect to harvey mudd
apply to harvey mudd
afford to attend harvey mudd



academics

toggle academics dropdown



departments
biology
chemistry
computer science
engineering
humanities, social sciences, and the arts
mathematics
physics
interdisciplinary centers
hixon center for climate and the environment
center for design education
hixon-riggs program for responsive science and engineering


majors at harvey mudd
academic emphases at harvey mudd
faculty of harvey mudd
common core curriculum
english language learning
registrar
dean of the faculty
institutional research
learning programs
study abroad
upward bound
summer session
the makerspace
entrepreneurship




clinic

toggle dropdown


sponsors and projects
prospective sponsors
impact on society
clinic events
history of the clinic program
clinic program contacts



research

toggle dropdown


summer research and scholarship
scholarship focus areas and research labs
research videos
sponsored faculty research
hmc-sponsored faculty research grants
postdoctoral program in interdisciplinary computation
student research opportunities



student life

toggle dropdown



academic resources and student success
campus life
career services
civic and community engagement
housing and residential life
institutional diversity
wellbeing

 about division of student affairs
meet the dsa staff
ashmc
athletics
commencement
orientation
accessible education
international students and scholars
mudders care for mudders
emergency resources
student handbook
title ix and sexual assault
7c demonstration policy
annual fire safety and security report




about

toggle dropdown


visit campus
harvey mudd  news
upcoming events
fast facts
history
president's office
mission and strategic planning



giving

toggle dropdown


make your gift now
annual fund
endowed giving at harvey mudd
planned giving
current and special giving initiatives
ways to give
contact college advancement












close







submit











    your browser does not support the video tag.


pause
mudd + you = impact


 

harvey mudd college



the liberal arts college of engineering, science and mathematics

request info
apply
visit


news and events

 latest news
more





harvey mudd professor david vosburg awarded green chemistry fellowship





alumnus receives knighthood for services to epidemiology





carbon-carbon bonds study published by vosburg and students shows surprising result




upcoming eventsevents calendarfebruary 3–23making cs 2024: historical and modern connections between computer science and textilesfebruary 23concert series: vicki ray, pianofebruary 24hixon center event: the future of e-bikesmarch 2concert series: stephan moss, music for virginal, with rachel huang, violin

about mudd
bring your excitement for science and mathematics, enthusiasm for the humanities, arts and social sciences, ability to thrive amid challenge and desire to be part of a collaborative community to harvey mudd.


no. 1best college roi
no. 2student experience
no. 2best career placement
921undergraduates
51:49female:male
8:1student:faculty


academics
the harvey mudd curriculum integrates vigorous stem and liberal arts courses to educate talented scientists, engineers, and mathematicians— inspiring them to become passionate problem solvers who understand the impact of their work on society.


curriculum


the curriculum has three components

common core
hsa
the major


the common corea broad foundation in stem disciplinesour educational experience starts with the common core, a set of coordinated courses from every department—biology, chemistry, computer science, engineering, math, physics and humanities, social sciences and the arts. the core gives you a broad scientific background coupled with academic writing and critical inquiry. no matter what your future major, you will gain a solid interdisciplinary foundation.learn more
humanities, social sciences, and the artsknow your impactharvey mudd is a liberal arts college where students have the opportunity to major in a stem field while taking nearly a third of their classes in humanities, social sciences and the arts (hsa). the hsa requirement encourages students to pursue their interests in philosophy, psychology, political science, sociology, literature, music, photography, media studies and many other fields. with dynamic professors at harvey mudd and the other claremont colleges, you will be able to take courses in a wide range of topics of interest to you. why do we center hsa in our curriculum? because we believe humanities, social sciences and the arts are central to our mission to educate leaders who understand the impact of their work on society.learn more
the majorexplore your field through research and experiential learningthe major builds depth and technical competence in a chosen field. majors at harvey mudd emphasize a broad-based, interdisciplinary approach to equip our students with problem-solving skills and the ability to adapt to any challenge. coursework comes alive with project-based experiential learning and graduate-level research opportunities. you’ll finish your major by completing real-world research (thesis) or a clinic project. throughout the entire curriculum runs an emphasis on developing strong oral and written communications and excellent computational skills.learn more



senior capstone experience
every student completes a yearlong senior project in either original research or the clinic program, depending on the major. students can engage in research and clinic before their senior year as well, and many do.




the clinic programsolving real-world problemsclinic engages juniors and seniors in solving real-world, technical problems for companies and organizations. teams of four to five students complete computer science, engineering, mathematics, physics or multidisciplinary projects, applying their education to produce valuable solutions for sponsors.learn more
researchnot your average undergradstudents work alongside faculty as colleagues, investigating open-ended questions, presenting findings at national conferences and co-publishing papers. opportunities abound, and students can begin doing research early in their studies or engage in summer research.learn more


life @ muddharvey mudd nurtures a close-knit, creative, fun-loving community that is passionate about learning. we study together, play together and explore interests in everything from ballroom dance to robotics to sustainability.learn more

mudders can
harvey mudd has a legacy of preparing its graduates for success. students typically have many options after graduation and go on to lead very successful careers.


shailee samar ’18having received pivotal advice from former president klawe, shailee samar ’18 now enables others to succeed.
christopher pong ’08part hobby, part job, christopher pong’s work on the mars 2020 perseverance rover mission has been an emotional journey.
mary jessie celestin ’21the multi-talented mary jessie celestin ’21 uses a human-centered approach to vitalize her hometown of san jose.



 








request info
visit
apply


301 platt blvd., claremont, ca 91711909.621.8000 | info@hmc.edu







			your support helps educate compassionate leaders in stem. give now »






			the official store for harvey mudd college apparel and merchandise shop hmc »







safety information
mudders care for mudders
map and directions
directory
privacy statement
accessibility
equal opportunity and nondiscrimination statement
employment at harvey mudd

harvey mudd college does not unlawfully discriminate on the basis of any status or condition protected by applicable federal, state, or local law. 
© copyright 2025 | harvey mudd college is a member of the claremont colleges



harvey mudd college official facebook
harvey mudd college official instagram
harvey mudd college official threads
harvey mudd college official youtube
harvey mudd college official flickr
harvey mudd college official linkedin










