










satprof













































menu

skip to content


home
technical resources
about us
contact
 




























 
















satprof offers standard and custom web-based learning material and technical support for satellite installers, technicians, engineers, and managers. our advanced web-based e-learning materials feature interactive animations based on numerical simulation algorithms, many with 3-d interactivity. 
we deliver our materials through an integrated learning management system (lms) that enables students to work at their own pace, complete exams that included interactive simulator skills, and awards certifications.  training programs can be built to suit and branded for specific organizations.
satprof currently offers public training programs in collaboration with gvf, sspi, and sbca.  we have developed privately-branded training programs and/or customized training materials for many organizations, including intelsat, ses, o3b, hughes, oneweb, speedcast, intellian, airbus, and many others.
















our public training programs 















space business qualification (sbq) certification trainingdeveloped in collaboration with gvf and sspi, sbq is a set of online courses and certification testing in space and satellite fundamentals - plus specialized training in satcom, earth observation, spacecraft and launch.  






details and enrollment at  spacebq.org













gvf certification traininggvf is the international association of the satellite communications industry.  gvf certification training focuses on technical skills for satellite communications engineers, technicians, and managers. 






details and enrollment at gvftraining.org













satellite broadcast communications association (sbca) certification trainingsatprof creates and delivers on-line interactive training as part of the sbca certification series for satellite television. our courses include satellite master antenna satellite television (smatv), multiple dwelling unit (mdu) systems, and directv’s d2 advantage system. 






details and enrollment at sbca.org
























stay connected:

facebook
twitter
linkedin
youtube
email










© 2025 satprof all rights reserved 




 
























