


sea isle city tourism, schedule of events for sea isle city, nj





























tourism information:
beach info. / lifeguards
beach tag info.
things to do
area events / area merchants
recreation areas & facilities
directions to sea isle
map of sea isle city, nj
sea isle boardwalk / promenade
trolley/jitney information
sea isle city library
sea isle city museum
more tourism links


local links:
live cams
sea isle - styles of houses
local business phone numbers
food / restaurants / bars
trash schedule
visitors guide
sea isle chamber
sea isle city government
weather

traffic report
more local links


tours of sea isle:
promenade tour






paul@iloveseaisle.com

fun links:
golf tee times

sands casino implosion









welcome to:  
seaisletourism.com
  sponsored by:






e-mail




this web site has general links for sea isle city, nj & ocean city, nj to events, and beach information.
want to be part of paul bodo's e-marketing community?  follow me on facebook.





















the lenni lanape indians were the first to come to what is now known as sea isle city.  they came for rest and relaxation and to get away from the 
hot weather on the mainland.  they gathered quahog shells from wampum, the currency of the day.

today, visitors come to the shore "to get awat from it all", and choose sea isle city over other resorts for its community-like atmosphere.  fondly 
referred by many as "our island home away from home," sea isle city offers the same hometown amenities that enhance your daily lifestyle.  from 
organized recreation programs and cultural events to safe, clean beaches and diverse resort activities.

sea isle city is a natural barrier island where the land meets the sea and bay, tidal marsh and wetlands.  this highly fertile environment is the home 
to many indigenous plants, animals and marine mammals, and the feeding and nesting grounds of many birds of prey and migratory birds.  as co-habitants, 
we must remain consciously aware as to how out daily lifestyle choices greatly disrupt the natural 
balances so critical to the health and well-being of this rich, yet fragrile, coastal ecosystem.  for its sustenance and the quality of life for this 
and future generations, we as individuals should willingly accept and share the responsibility to preserve and protect it.




















from a fishing community to today...
in its early days, sea isle city had a thriving commercial fishing industry and attracted many recreational fishermen. shacks were built as a place to store 
gear and sleep overnight.  eventually, the anglers brought their families and replaced the fishing shacks with summer cottages.

today, sea isle city is a thriving year-round coastal resort built by families seeking a quality of life unsurpassed by many. 
from breathless moments of timeless solitude to moments of extreme exhilaration, the sea in all of its abundance entices you to its shores and never 
fails to satisfy your passion for which you answered its call.

sea isle city is many things to many people, but most see the island as the beach first, and secondly, as a place to relax from their everyday hectic 
environment.  what many of us don't do is discover the natural environment of sea isle city.  as driving in along the causeway, look out over 
the meadowlands and see for miles.  the wetlands, untouched by human development, look exactly the same as they did centuries ago.  at the crest 
of the bridge, see the many creeks and waterways winding their way in the distance.  here many adventures await, both educational and fun for an 
entire family. explore the natural beauty of the great salt marsh and waterways behind the island.  discover many options: boat rentals, 
kayak rentals, natural tours and guided boat excursions.  take a "nature tour" to have a unique and gratifying adventure exploring the wilderness of 
ludlam's island.







parking meters in sea isle city are in effect from may 15 to september 15.








gillian's funland amusements of ocean city
location:  6th & the boardwalk - ocean city, nj
visit:  gillians.com







pictures of the late august early september 2009 beach renourishment project.

pictures of the june 2010 beach renourishment project.








visit my other web sites:






iloveseaisle.com     


seaislebeach.com      


seaislesolds.com     


seaislehome.com






  

  

  



300+ live streaming web cams:









thank you for visiting seaisletourism.com .  come back again!













visit: ocean city, nj tourism














the owner of seaisletourism.com is a licensed new jersey realtor who works at
long & foster real estate, inc.
2307 dune drive    avalon, nj  08202-0010     (609) 967-3001







