



	orlando villas, florida vacation rental homes and villas in orlando near disney


























orlando villas - florida vacation rentals near disney
privately owned florida vacation rental homes near orlando with private pools








home


villas

search for villas
late availability villas
christmas / new year availability
book online now
pet friendly villas
villas recently viewed by you

meet the owners



communities

orlando communities
orlando map

gulf coast communities
gulf coast map



my villa lists


services

florida car hire
attraction tickets



florida guide

florida guide
latest articles
most viewed articles
random selection of articles
articles with photos
best time to go to orlando, florida



contact us



register / sign in






















































previous



next










		search villas
	


area

orlando
gulf coast



bedrooms

all sizes
3
4
5
6
7



guests

specify
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16



keywords




advanced search






		jump to
	











		late availability
	


6 bedrooms (ref: 3633)27 feb 2025 - 18 mar 20255 bedrooms (ref: 1781)11 mar 2025 - 16 mar 20255 bedrooms (ref: 3499)12 mar 2025 - 16 mar 2025
more late availability villas





orlando villas - florida vacation rentals
if you plan to rent a florida villa or stay in a rental home near disney for your vacation in orlando (or the gulf coast) then we have a huge selection of privately owned villas for you to choose from, in all regions from kissimmee in the east as well as to the west of disney. we own florida villas and have chosen a selection of the best value, top quality rental homes / villas in the disney area of orlando florida and the florida gulf coast to promote on orlando villas.
spend time browsing this site - we offer a variety of related services to help you plan your vacation. browse the rental villas, order florida theme park tickets (delivery to the uk, us or to your hotel / villa) for disney, universal studios, sea world, busch gardens and the other major theme parks, get quotes for cheap flights to florida, florida car hire, and many other useful services. join our free, easy to use florida forums to put your questions or hints and tips to a team of florida experts who are more than willing to offer free advice.
florida has a lot more to offer than theme parks. people worldwide travel to florida just for the golf - there are many golf courses within a 20 minute drive by car from the vacation homes we offer. many of the rental homes are on golfing communities just off the fairway and it is possible to hire golf clubs.
when you make a villa enquiry the villa rental request goes to the owner who will reply directly.



florida guide
orlando villas has a comprehensive florida guide with hundreds of useful articles, such as those listed below, and more.
 typhoon lagoon part 1 exploring the florida mall hunsader farm cherry pocket 2011 wakulla springs state parklatest articles
receive updates via our rss feeds.





cheap park tickets
we offer a huge range of orlando attraction tickets which can be delivered to the uk or us prior to your vacation. or you can collect the orlando attraction tickets from our tickets office in kissimmee or have the tickets delivered to your accommodation in the disney area after you arrive - this is available to anyone regardless of whether you book a vacation home through orlando villas.







villas of the month
4 bedrooms, 3 bathrooms3 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms5 bedrooms, 5 bathrooms4 bedrooms, 3.5 bathrooms4 bedrooms, 3 bathrooms



car hire in florida
we offer very competitive car hire rates through our sister site florida car hire. if you are planning a fly drive (fly-drive) to florida or the orlando area, check out our prices and save yourself money!
florida forums
like to discuss orlando and florida related issues? join our free forums. great for planning your vacation!
view our florida discussion forums.
villa owners

 owners area
 add your villa to our sites










house


gulf coast villas
we now have a selection of beautiful gulf coast villas in places like fort myers, cape haze, bradenton (sarasota). simply select 'gulf coast' as an area in a villa search to find the gulf coast vacation homes. we also have late availability gulf coast villas.


email


villa enquiries
if you don't want to trawl through all the orlando villas vacation rental homes, use our general enquiry form to request information on villas to rent in orlando that will be sent to all our owners. the owners that have homes to suit will get back to you directly. also use this form if you require more than one villa.


search


pet friendly rental homes in florida
we have a selection of vacation homes to rent in florida that allow dogs and other small animals and pets. click here to view pet friendly rental homes in florida.






calendar_today


late availability villas
if you are travelling within the next 8 weeks, we have some last minute availability in our villas in orlando. click here to view late availability villas.


location_on


location of the villas
all the florida vacation rentals advertised on the orlando villas website are located within easy driving distance of disney's main gate. most of the vacation rental homes / villas are south of disney - to the east is celebration, kissimmee and the main route to the orlando airports. to the west is the highway 27 with davenport and clermont. whichever location you choose you can be sure of a fantastic stay in wonderful accommodation, with beautiful surroundings. click here for a map, showing the community locations.










orlando villas mobile app
orlando villas is available as a mobile app to run on all iphone / ipad and android devices. click here for further details.















check_circle_outline
all our florida vacation rental villas in orlando are privately owned and used frequently by the owners, so are maintained to the highest standards.




check_circle_outline
privately owned villas in orlando offer a lot more space than a hotel room, and at a reduced cost - rental rates are for the house not per person. you get a more luxurious place to stay and save money too!




check_circle_outline
florida vacation rentals have many personal and convenience items to increase your comfort.




check_circle_outline
private vacation rental villas offer excellent flexibility for you. unlike a typical hotel room, private villas in orlando include full kitchen facilities along with lots of other amenities.






check_circle_outline
orlando home-owners know the area well and are able to provide you with hints and tips that only the florida locals know. there is a lot more to orlando, florida than just the theme parks.




check_circle_outline
vacation rental homes and villas have their own private pools, decking and lounging areas. condos and townhouses usually have a community pool. either way, it's a lot more relaxing that using a crowded hotel pool.




check_circle_outline
all the rental villas advertised here have air conditioning for your comfort.




check_circle_outline
what you see is what you get with orlando villas. we do not allocate homes on arrival so you can be sure that the home you see on the advert is the home that you will be staying in as all bookings are done direct with the private owner of that home.













about
we are two families with our own private villas in orlando who have joined together to offer our villas and a select group of other villas to people wishing to have the holiday of a lifetime near disney, orlando, florida.


contact us

offices in shropshire and north yorkshire, uk and kissimmee, florida.
email: info@orlandovillas.com

stay connected

facebook
twitter
villa rss
florida guide rss
orlando forums



links

home
orlando map
gulf coast map
orlando villas communties
gulf coast villas communties
site map
privacy policy
contact us





					2025 © orlando villas ltd. all rights reserved.
					
copyright policy | privacy policy











