



ed brubaker's blog - 
























 





ed brubaker's blog




home

 






information that you must know about bluehost coupons

may.10, 2012 in
bluehost coupons
comments off on information that you must know about bluehost coupons

there are a lot of different reasons that you might be interested in finding information about bluehost coupons. of course, you will first need to know what bluehost is and what they have to offer you. this article is going to show you why you need their services and why their coupons are going to be of use to you.
bluehost is a company that offers web hosting services. they offer a lot of different choices in web hosting and provide an array of different services for your needs. there are many, varied options to choose from as well. you can opt to use their regular services, find a shared service option that will work for you, or even pick out a reseller service that allows you to sell the hosting service on your website and make money at the same time.
the price that you pay is going to be dependent upon the different services that you are choosing. for instance, if you were to choose the regular web hosting then you should expect to pay $7.95 each month for the services if you are paying for a time period of twelve months. you can save money by choosing to purchase the service for two years and then you will only have to pay $6.95 each month. now, if you have a bluehost coupon, there are actually ways that you could end up paying less than that.
in some cases, you might end up only having to pay $3.95 for the same service on a monthly basis. of course, you are probably wondering what would be available to you as part of your plan. the first thing that you are going to get is the hosting with an unlimited number of domains. plus you will get the unlimited hosting space and bandwidth transfer benefits. then you will get the ability to use an unlimited number of email accounts.
while getting all of this you will have access to several additional features that could come in handy to you. one of the best of these is the ability to use web developers who are there to help you to be able to get the most traffic to your website. you can even get useful information about web design.
if you think that you would like to make your own hosting business, you might want to look into the options that are available for a web hosting reseller. this is a great way for you to get all of the reliability and services that are offered with bluehost while being able to make a profit. you can get all of the great services and hosting for your clients.
there are a lot of different plans that are available for someone who is interested in owning their own web hosting website. the smallest and most basic of these plans is going to offer you 100 gb storage space, unlimited email accounts, 15 mbs of bandwidth, and a free domain. this plan is going to run you $19.95 each month. if you think about how many different websites you will be able to link, you can see how you would be able to make a significant amount of money.
there is a medium level plan for you if the space and services are not enough with the lowest level plan. the official name of this plan is the electric blue plan. this is something that you can upgrade to when you have gained enough clients, as it costs $49.95 each month. with this plan you are going to be able to get 250 gb of storage space, the same free domain and unlimited email accounts, and 25 mbps of bandwidth. this plan is clearly going to offer you more and allow you to get more clients that you are doing the hosting for.
finally, you can choose the highest level option, which is known as the true blue plan. this plan is quite a bit more expensive at $99.95 so it is something that you will probably want to upgrade to as it becomes more affordable and when you need more space. it is not the plan that most people choose to start with. this plan features a huge 500 gb of storage space, 35 mbps of bandwidth, unlimited emails and a free domain.
each one of the reseller plans is going to feature some things that you will need as a reseller. these benefits include that you will have unlimited access to many different features include email addresses, control panels, domains, private name servers, mysql databases, ftp accounts, and sub-domains. this just means that with each plan you will be able to actively grow your business and meet the needs of the clients that you might have.
you will find that with all of the options available, it will be easy to have your hosting needs covered. you should be aware that you will find that there are a lot of reasons for you to try out bluehost to make sure that you are getting everything that you need. the best way to be able to try out these services is to be able to use the bluehost coupon codes to save you money at the same time.
there is the option for shared plans for you and another business if you are not able to afford the hosting on your own. this can be done for the same $3.95 per month with the option to save money, down from the original price of $6.95 per month. this plan is going to feature the same unlimited hosting and domain name usage for one year. you will also get the same unlimited number of email accounts, unlimited bandwidth transfers, and many additional features.
one of the additional features is the available add on domains which can easily help you to be able to get more attention and drive more business to your website. the best part is that you are going to be getting all of your needs met while still being able to save a significant amount of money over the course of time. after one year, you will have saved nearly forty dollars off of the total plan costs.
there is an additional plan for those who are interested in shared hosting. this is something that is going to help you to be able to get the sharing benefits that you might not get with other hosting companies. this plan is called the shared pro hosting plan. with this plan you get all of the same features that you get with the basic plan of shared hosting.
in addition, you will be given access to a lot more resources. these include more memory and cpus, domain privacy that is free and guaranteed, special anti-spam accounts that are set up for free, a dedicated ip address at no additional cost, the ssl certification, and many more features. understandably, this plan is going to cost you quite a bit more than the other one. the original cost is $24.95, but with bluehost coupon codes, you will be able to get the service for just $19.95 each month.
if you want to be able to find a bluehost coupon code, there are some things that you should remember. one of them is that you should be able to search for them. they can easily be found through a variety of resources, but you will need to know what type of coupon you are looking for before you start your search. if you know what you are looking for, then you can be guaranteed to find the best choice for yourself and be able to find the best options for you.
the best part of this is that they are never too difficult to find. instead they are easily found by anyone who is willing to put in a little bit of time online. you can click on a link and follow the link to the page where you will sign up for the services at the reduced rate. then you will be able to activate the account, regardless of where you are at.
you have the freedom to choose from the available services, and can read more about them so that you can be sure that you are selecting the best one. from there, you will decide how many months of service you will be paying for at a time. you can choose between three months, six months, one year, and two years. in some cases, you might be able to choose a shorter and/or longer period of time. once you have completed your purchase you will be able to get started with the bluehost services that you have chosen. plus, if you were using bluehost coupon codes, you get to save the additional money at the same time, which means that you can easily choose a longer period of time for the same amount of money.


 

  



 


welcome!to customize this message, please go to your admin panel and find presentation->theme options. modify at will!

 
 






categories

bluehost coupons




meta

log in
valid xhtml
wordpress






 



blogroll




archives

may 2012



tag cloud


 

 
 

 




© 2007 ed brubaker's blog - studiopress theme
full rss - comments rss


 


 


