




home - zlax - zionsville youth lacrosse


registerteamsresourcessponsorshipfieldsdonatezlaxwelcome to zionsville lacrosse club (zlax)we are a 501(c)3 organization offering boys and girls from from kindergarten through 8th grade an opportunity to play as part of the indiana youth lacrosse association (iyla) with games against teams from throughout central indiana. in addition, our older teams may be offered opportunities to play some in season tournaments against teams throughout the midwest. most teams will begin practices in march while our more competitive teams may begin practices in january. games will begin in late march and tun through the iyla state tournament in the end of may. our 8u teams will play in a variety of jamboree type events along with some individual games. games are typically played during the week and some weekends. and finally our 6u ‘lil laxers’ crew is focused entirely on fun through weekly practice sessions on sunday afternoons. youth lacrosse offers an incredible opportunity for kids to develop valuable skills both on and off the field. as a fast paced, team oriented sport, lacrosse fosters physical fitness, hand eye coordination, and strategic thinking while emphasizing teamwork, communication, and discipline. being part of our organization allows players to build lasting friendships, gain a sense of belonging, and experience the camaraderie of working toward shared goals. whether your athlete is new to the sport or looking to refine their skills, youth lacrosse provides a supportive environment that encourages personal growth, resilience, and a lifelong love of the game. subscribe to communicationsinterested in staying informed about all things zlax? fill out the detail below to be added to our distribution list.subscribeadditional resourceszionsville hs lacrosse - girlszionsville hs lacrosse - boysusa lacrossemcfly lacrosse + max lax indoor leaguecircle city girls lacrosseindy united lacrosse clubmidwest expresstrue lacrosse2024 braveheart sponsorsinterested in sponsoring the zlax program? visit our sponsorship page to learn more!thank you!we use cookies to improve your experience and to help us understand how you use our site. please refer to our cookie notice and privacy statement for more information regarding cookies and other third-party tracking that may be enabled.acceptif you have any questions, please email board@zlax.org.connect with us: registerteamsresourcessponsorshipfieldsdonate© zlax


