




swans candle making supplies, wholesale/bulk candle wax, bulk natural beeswax.

















					swans candles


						&candle making supplies




candle making and encaustic art supplies shopping cart. (click here or direct links below)

we are located at 16524 tilley rd s. tenino washington. we are a family owned store located between tumwater and tenino, washington and stock all our items. our commitment to customer satisfaction is unmatched, we only sell product we would use ourselves. we will do group classes upon request times are flexible, great opportunity for fundraisers.


   


map to swans candlemaking supplies walk-in store


swans candles and encaustics arts supplies

promote your page too 
			swans candles

swans candles llp. west coast family owned source for retail candle making supplies, soy wax, soy candle supplies, paraffin wax, natural waxes and beeswax all at wholesale pricing. we stock both white beeswax and yellow beeswax and damar resin crystals. our bulk beeswax is processed (filtered) naturally with no chemicals used. encaustic artists and candlemakers love our natural beeswax. we stock paraffin wax, natural waxes and  plastic tealight cups on premises. our encaustic art supplies section is growing. check out our encaustic art wax paints from nw encaustics, 22 ready to use colors in stock with more on the way! we are also now stocking paintstiks and other supplies from jack richeson & co. we now carry soap and lotion supplies. we sell food grade glycerin by the pound or gallon. we sell glass oil candle supplies. most orders shipped within 24 hours. being located in the pacific northwest (close to port of tacoma), we have the best shipping rates to hawaii and alaska, we will ship by barge on request. we have a forklift on premises load pallets. we ship worldwide. most credit cards accepted, now excepting paypal! we are open monday thru friday 10am - 5pm and saturday 10am - 4pm

			                                                                                                                        

			 


				 




quick links to our store


candle wax, natural soy wax, white beeswax, yellow beeswax, palm wax, wicks, color chips (10 for 9 sale 8-pk), candle supplies

encaustic art supplies, white beeswax, damar resin, encaustic medium, wax paints, paintstiks, easels.

soap and lotion supplies, emulsifying wax, coconut oil, mineral oil, glycerin

candle fragrance oils list.

candle fragrance oils, afterglow to eucalyptus (10 for 9 sale, 1oz and 4oz candle scents)

candle fragrance oils, fall festival to orange sherbet (10 for 9 sale, 1oz and 4oz candle scents)

candle fragrance oils, paradise to youth (10 for 9 sale, 1oz and 4oz candle scents)

hand dipping fun wax

paraffin bath refills

in store specials and closeouts

our candlemaker and customers links

customer's comments

favorite links

swans message board

my scrapbook and shelties

swans candles blog, tips and anouncements

about swans candles and store hours

site policy






swans candles and candle making supplies is a family owned business located near tenino, washington state. we pride ourselves in attention to customer service and satisfaction. our store opened in 1973 and has now moved into our own metal building.
			the candlemaking supplies section has been expanded to include soy wax, paraffin, palm wax, natural waxes and microcrystaline wax from calwax and other manufacturers. we have fine fragrance oils including aromatherapy scent we stock over 150 fragrances, wax additives, wax melters, wicks and plastic tealight cups. an extensive oil candle supply department. aromatherapy scent is the current rage and we are fortunate to be able to carry some of the best aromatherapy scent available. color chips are the most convenient way to color wax and color chips come in a variety of popular colors. we offer a free candle making class for both container candles and pillar candles.
			;

			if you do not see what you want e-mail us at candles@swanscandles.com as we might just have it in stock.
			as you can see we have a lot to offer and are always adding more items. so spend some time surfing around our web site for an enjoyable visit and please bookmark us for your entire candle needs!! don't forget about our free candle making class great for fundraisers.


our complete catalog can be found on the following web pages
please do not request a printed catalog!!!!


go to next page(watch our swan lay an egg....)


swans candles 
16524 tilley road s. 
tenino, washington 98589 


(360) 264-4355 











my sitemap
all images, designs, and artwork contained in
this site are copyright 1998, 1999, 2000, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004,
2005, 2006 swans candles 




