
































    
    cultivating high ethical standards | service to all mankind
  
  















               


 
 xi psi omega chapter      home



  members


   chapter history



  login


   newsletter







  programs


   2022 – 2026 international program initiatives



  xi psi omega programs/event





  community support


   scholarship



  community requests



  community partners





  photo gallery


   2023 photo highlights



  2023 fwr conference



  archives


   2017 cluster activities



  2018 daddy daughter dance



  2018 debutantes in action



  2019 daddy daughter dance



  daddy daughter dance 2020



  founder's day 2020



  hbcu fair 2020



  retreat 2020



  mlk 2020



  vote 2020



  sisterly relations



  2021 cooking for lovers



  2021 mardi gras



  2021 pink goes red







  donate


   community donations








  







    
 





           
  slide title


  

button









    


 danette anthony reed 31st international president the members of xi psi omega chapter of alpha kappa alpha sorority, incorporated are pleased to announce our 31st international president, danette anthony reed. she will lead our organization for the next four years, 2023 -2027, under the theme “soaring to greater heights of service & sisterhood.”
  




   welcome to alpha kappa
alpha sorority, inc. xi psi omega chapter - 40 years of service on october 21, 1983, xi psi omega became the first chapter of alpha kappa alpha sorority, incorporated in alaska with soror norma jean tucker presiding over the chartering ceremony. nine visiting sorors from los angeles and the bay area of california were in attendance for the chartering and other activities, including a much needed workshop on the rituals and focus of the sorority.
 



   our purpose 
the purpose of alpha kappa alpha sorority, incorporated is to cultivate and encourage high scholastic and ethical standards, to promote unity and friendship among college women, to study and help alleviate problems concerning girls and women in order to improve their social stature, to maintain a progressive interest in college life, and to be of service to all mankind.
 our vision & values 
alpha kappa alpha sorority, incorporated is the premier unique sisterhood of distinguished professional women united to serve humankind. we strive for unity and excellence within our sorority and community by developing a strong sisterhood, collaborative partnerships and carrying out the international program initiatives of alpha kappa alpha with integrity. members of xi psi omega chapter will endeavor to adhere to the 14 guiding principles of alpha kappa alpha: sisterhood, unity, high ethical standards, character, respect, communication, high scholastic achievement, leadership, education, health, family, the arts, technology, and economics.


    


 president's message 
greetings!welcome to our website!the members of xi psi omega chapter are committed to supporting communities throughout alaska, including the greater anchorage and fairbanks areas.  we are committed to implementing the international program initiatives of alpha kappa alpha sorority, incorporated ® with an overarching theme of “soaring to greater heights of service & sisterhood.” service and sisterhood have been the cornerstone of alpha kappa alpha sorority, incorporated® since 1908. this administration has six initiatives. strengthen our sisterhood will serve as the administration’s “foundation initiative as we strengthen our bonds to support our service mission. the remaining five initiatives will serve as the “program initiatives” and include empower our families, build our economic wealth, enhance our environment, advocate for social justice, and uplift our community.additionally, through our community request fund and our scholarship fund, we provide financial support to community organizations and academic scholarships to graduating seniors throughout alaska made possible through generous donations from individuals from around the world.xi psi omega chapter leads by example and works collaboratively with other local divine 9 chapters and community service organizations throughout alaska to provide unparalleled support to our communities. we encourage you to take a moment to browse through our website, become acquainted with our service and members, and learn more about who we are. xi psi omega chapter is a part of the far western region of alpha kappa alpha sorority, incorporated ®. this region includes alaska, arizona, california, oregon, washington, and utah all under the leadership of regional director, shelby d. boagni.in service,deanne woodarddeanne woodard, presidentporsha grant, vice presidentakaxpo@gmail.com


       

    

button




  

    

button




  

    

button




  

    

button




  

    

button




  

    

button














      
copyright© 2021 alpha kappa alpha sorority, incorporated® – xi psi omega chapter. all rights reserved. alpha kappa alpha sorority, incorporated® is not responsible for the design and content of these pages. they are the sole property and responsibility of the xi psi omega chapter who hosts and maintains this website.
 
    

 





 
alpha kappa alpha sorority, inc.xi psi omega chapterp.o. box 140894anchorage, ak 99515akaxpo@gmail.com


















































































































  
  share by:








