



home | indian creek nature center | cedar rapids, ia












































 

































 

















phone(319) 362-06645300 otis road se, cedar rapids, iowadonatehomeabout usour peopleour blogamazing spacecreekside shopgrounds/trail mapsetzel sugar grove farmchampioning diversity in the outdoors50 years50 stories for 50 yearsannual reportsplan your visitjoin & givemembershipdonatevolunteercorporate sponsorshipvěčný prairie & trailsall-terrain wheelchair campaigneducationcreekside forest schoolsummer campsfresh air after schoolfield tripsschool year day campsbeekeepingbackyard chickensscoutscub & scout bsa workshopsgirl scout workshopstrail trekkersadult programmingeventsevents calendarbackcountry film festivalmaple syrup festivalspring plant and art salepractice in the prairiemonarch festindian creek clean uptrailside tastingswomen in naturenature’s noelfarm to table dinnerrentalsgeneral rentalsweddingsnature birthday partiescatererscontactcontact usfaqemployment opportunities







visit us 
							
open tuesday - sunday 10am - 4pm
trails are open daily 5am - 10pm. 
							donate 
volunteer 
trail map 
 



registration opens march 11. 
							learn more 
 







march 29 & 30, 2025 
							learn more 
 


snowshoe rentals 
							learn more 
 





learn more & enroll now 
it's never too early to apply to our nature-based preschool! 
							 


rent our amazing space 
							learn more 
 


icnc scout programs 
							register now! 
 


2023 annual report 
							
read here
 






upcoming events










			feb		

			17		








12:00 am 



		building closed	










			feb		

			18		








1:00 pm - 3:00 pm 



		project feederwatch	










			feb		

			19		








10:00 am - 12:00 pm 



		project feederwatch	










			feb		

			22		








9:30 am - 11:30 am 



		cub scout arrow of light: into the wild	










			feb		

			22		








10:00 am - 11:00 am 



		backyard maple syrup making	










			feb		

			22		








12:30 pm - 2:00 pm 



		cub scout arrow of light: into the woods	









		view calendar	





latest news
 

aldo leopold book reviewcelebrating aldo leopold’s legacy buddy huffaker, executive director of the aldo leopold foundation, will be speaking about the life and legacy of aldo leopold at indian creek nature center on april 25. before buddy huffaker,…read more 

 


 
instagram feed






thank you to guys & gals who give of linn county f






it's snowshoe time at indian creek nature center!
 





few authors have inspired as many nature lovers as






birders mark your calendars for april 8 & 9!

dori






👀 did we just see 5" of snow in the forecast?!?






join us for a farm to table dinner on march 4 with






immerse yourself in the fascinating world of iowa'






only at a nature school can a game of duck duck go
 





indian creek nature center will be highlighted, al
 





the schedule for 2025 creek camps is now available






we're hiring! join our team as our next trail coor






make some sweet memories for the whole family at o


 


 


load more...






 follow on instagram






escape into nature
 


trails 




woodlands 




prairie 




wildlife 




wetlands 

 


 
escapeseek out the healing powers of nature on our 7 miles of trails through nearly 500 acres of protected woodlands, prairies and wetlands.
begin your escapelearndiscover the wonders of nature through a wide variety of nature-inspired events and programs that bring learning to life in all seasons.
feed your curiosityflourishsince 1973 indian creek nature center has led eastern iowa in environmental education, sustainable living practices and land restoration.
get to know ussupportinvest in a more sustainable future by helping indian creek nature center create and protect places where nature can thrive.
join our missionget involved
pull on a pair of hiking boots and hit the trails, attend an upcoming program or event, join the hundreds of volunteers that help out in myriad ways, become a member, or get involved in any number of ways to belong to a group of dedicated champions of nature that are working to preserve, conserve and educate…all while having a wonderful time.
learn morelatest from the blog 

aldo leopold book reviewcelebrating aldo leopold’s legacy buddy huffaker, executive director of the aldo leopold foundation, will be speaking about the life and legacy of aldo leopold at indian creek nature center on april 25. before buddy huffaker,…read more 



energy saving do-it-yourself tipsa green home in a white winter outside, winter is peaceful and majestic. inside, winter has us reaching for the thermostat. in this moment, you may have two feelings at once: one feeling concerned with…read more 



2024 volunteer award recipientsrecognizing our volunteers 365 days a year indian creek nature center is grateful to have the support of volunteers who move our mission forward. every aspect of our mission, from trail building to teaching, from…read more 

 


 
championing diversity in the outdoors
our work to create champions of nature through education and inspiration cannot be achieved without racial and social justice as well.
we stand in solidarity with those seeking justice and change, and are committed to doing our part to ensure diversity, equity, inclusion and accessibility are at the forefront of our work. everyone should feel welcome and safe to enjoy the outdoors.
we recognize we have work to do. it is not news that environmental organizations often lack in diversity, ourselves included. we are not a leader in this movement, but our goal is to be an ally. we are showing up by listening and educating ourselves, as well as taking action to be more inclusive and equitable in our work. in july 2019, we began a multi-year staff training and educational program in diversity, equity and inclusion. we are continuing those necessary and important conversations and applying what we learn in the work we do. we continue to ask ourselves what we can do to combat racism and inequality and are taking steps to diversify our opportunities and programming.
learn morejust like you need nature, nature needs you!donate today




search for:



mission statementicnc’s mission is to promote a sustainable future by nurturing individuals through environmental education, providing leadership in land protection and restoration and encouraging responsible interaction with nature.
contact us5300 otis rd se
cedar rapids, ia 52403
319-362-0664
hours:
march – october: open daily 10am – 4pm
november – february: closed mondays, open tuesday – sunday 10am – 4pm,
our grounds and trails are open 365 days a year from 5 am – 10 pm.
get the latest news and events by signing up for our e-newsletter.newsletter signup
please enter your email address.












			© copyright 
 indian creek nature center | all rights reserved
		

homeemployment opportunitiesrentalsfaqblogcontactprivacy policysitemap
 menu
















































