



 


orange county scouting america













































































 

























 











join










support us











 











 
















 








join 



support us 





 







 














 


























 
update on airport fire






















subscribe 

























 
new families





 
camps





 
safety





 
scoutingevent.com





 
shop





 
council calendar


















 




cub scouting 



grade k-5(5-10 years old) 









 




scouts bsa 



grade 6-12(11-18 years old) 









 




venturing 



14-20 years old 









 




sea scouting 



14-20 years old 









 




exploring 



14-20 years old 













find scouting units near you




















 






 










 






 









 





 










 






 




























find growth & adventure in scouting 












 





 










 







orange county council, scouting america will gladly help your child start their adventure with a unit that fits your needs and immerse them in nature, values, and camaraderie. we offer various activities and programs to help them grow, learn, and have fun, including our cub scouts pack, scouts bsa troops for boys and girls, co-ed venturing, sea scouts, and career exploration options in our explorer posts. 
















 





 










 







orange county council, scouting america will gladly help your child start their adventure with a unit that fits your needs and immerse them in nature, values, and camaraderie. we offer various activities and programs to help them grow, learn, and have fun, including our cub scouts pack, scouts bsa troops for boys and girls, co-ed venturing, sea scouts, and career exploration options in our explorer posts. 






































why scouting in orange county? 



scouting helps youth develop academic skills, self-confidence, ethics, leadership skills, and citizenship skills that influence their adult lives. for more than 100 years, scouting programs have instilled in youth the values found in the scout oath and scout law. today, these values are just as relevant in helping youth grow to their full potential as they were in 1910. explore the opportunity of joining orange county scouting america today!  


























explore our camps and amazing facilities! 


















 



 














 



























our event sponsors 





 







































 























facebook
 



instagram
 



youtube
 



twitter
 














 









find a unit near you














 
subscribe to scoutweek















© 2025 scouting america – all rights reserved.2953 pullman street, santa ana, ca 92705tel: (714) 546-4990, (714) 546-8558 fax: (714) 546-0415business hours: monday – friday, 8:30am – 5:00pm 






 



orange county council
© 2025 boy scouts of america – all rights reserved.
 






scoutweek signup form 



subscribe to scoutweek to receive the latest news, training information, and events for you and your scouts! 









												first name											







												last name											







												email address											







												unit type											

pack, troop, crew, ship, etc






												unit number											







												position											











 submit 




















join scouting 



follow these 3 simple steps and begin your scouting journey. 















1






find a scouting unit 



select your preferred program(s) (i.e., cub scouts, scouts bsa, venturing), enter your zip code, choose your nearest unit, and select apply now. 










2






complete a youth application 



create an account with my.scouting.org, complete the application, and make a payment. 










3






start scouting! 



download the my scouting app, contact your unit’s leader, and begin your scouting journey! 














apply now

















 







favorites 



homeadvancementmaster council calendarsearch ocbsa* my.scouting.org* scoutbook 



sign up 



join scoutingscouting events aka black pug 



my unit 



recharter my unit 







about us 



scouting in the occampscontact usdistrict informationemploymenthealth & safetymaster council calendarscout shop 



events 



scout-o-ramauniversity of scoutingcamp cardcub scout day camp 







resources 



guide to safe scoutinglife to eagle scoutmembershipnew familiesreligious resourcesresource hubstemscouting forms from bsa 



training 



training pageyouth protection trainingtraining calendarhat traininguniversity of scouting 







support us 



support the orange county council 



programs 



cub scoutsexploringorder of the arrowscouts bsasea scoutsventuring 



alumni 



nesasilver beaver alumni 

















adventure passes 



the following is a sample adventure pass schedule.  number of passes available per adventure will vary.  our goal is to have as many youth experience an adventure at scout-o-rama as possible, and spend less time in lines.  each adventure is approximately 60 minutes and includes training time. 







adventurepasses openactivity time




archery7:30 am8:30 am


archery8:00 am9:00 am


archery8:30 am9:30 am


archery9:00 am10:00 am


archery9:30 am10:30 am


archery10:00 am11:00 am


archery10:30 am12:00 pm


archery11:00 am12:30 pm


archery12:00 pm1:00 pm


archery12:30 pm1:30 pm


archery1:00 pm2:00 pm


archery1:30 pm2:30 pm


archery2:00 pm3:00 pm


















this copy of the waiver is for reference and easier reading.  you will agree to the waiver electronically, as part of event registration.  



informed consent, release agreement, and authorizationi understand that, if any information i/we have provided is found to be inaccurate, it may limit and/or eliminate the opportunity for participation in any event or activity. the participant has permission to engage in adventure activities described, except as specifically noted by me or the health-care provider.i understand that participation in orange county council, scouting america activities involves the risk of personal injury, including death, due to the physical, mental, and emotional challenges in the activities offered. information about those activities may be obtained from the venue, activity coordinators, or your local council. i also understand that participation in these activities is entirely voluntary and requires participants to follow instructions and abide by all applicable rules and the standards of conduct.in case of an emergency involving me or my child, i understand that efforts will be made to contact the individual listed as the emergency contact person by the medical provider and/or adult leader. in the event that this person cannot be reached, permission is hereby given to the medical provider selected by the adult leader in charge to secure proper treatment, including hospitalization, anesthesia, surgery, or injections of medication for me or my child. medical providers are authorized to disclose protected health information to the adult in charge, camp medical staff, camp management, and/or any physician or health-care provider involved in providing medical care to the participant. protected health information/confidential health information (phi/chi) under the standards for privacy of individually identifiable health information, 45 c.f.r. §§160.103, 164.501, etc. seq., as amended from time to time, includes examination findings, test results, and treatment provided for purposes of medical evaluation of the participant, follow-up and communication with the participant’s parents or guardian, and/or determination of the participant’s ability to continue in the program activities.(if applicable) i have carefully considered the risk involved and hereby give my informed consent for my child to participate in all activities offered in the program. i further authorize the sharing of the information on this registration with any ocbsa volunteers or professionals who need to know of medical conditions that may require special consideration in conducting scouting activities.assumption of riskwith appreciation of the dangers and risks associated with programs and activities, on my own behalf and/or on behalf of my child, i hereby fully and completely release and waive any and all claims for personal injury, death, or loss that may arise against scouting america, the local council, the activity coordinators, and all employees, volunteers, related parties, or other organizations associated with any program or activity.photographs/videoi also hereby assign and grant to the local council and scouting america, as well as their authorized representatives, the right and permission to use and publish the photographs/film/ videotapes/electronic representations and/or sound recordings made of me or my child at all scouting activities, and i hereby release scouting america, the local council, the activity coordinators, and all employees, volunteers, related parties, or other organizations associated with the activity from any and all liability from such use and publication. i further authorize the reproduction, sale, copyright, exhibit, broadcast, electronic storage, and/or distribution of said photographs/film/videotapes/electronic representations and/or sound recordings without limitation at the discretion of the ocbsa, and i specifically waive any right to any compensation i may have for any of the foregoing.shooting sports (archery, bb gun, wrist rocket, tomahawk)injuries and accidents can be near eliminated when safety rules are followed. participants will show clear knowledge of thesafety rules and procedures prior to using any equipment. participants will be taught proper form, safety rules and generalknowledge of the equipment. participants will be expected to adhere to all safety rules and follow guidelines on the careof equipment. anyone ignoring or not the following expectations maybe sidelined from the activity until sufficientretraining has occurred to ensure everyone’s safety. participants under 8 must be always accompanied by an adult one-on-one. no personal or outside equipment is permitted.* california penal code section 12552: every person who furnishes any bb device to any minor, without the express or implied permission of the parent or legal guardian of the minor, is guilty of a misdemeanor.adventure hill (zip line, high ropes, low ropes, & climbing)adventure hill activities offered at the irvine ranch outdoor education center involve a certain degree of risk that could result ininjury or fatality. all participants shall be provided with and instructed in the proper use of helmet, harnesses, belay equipment andother items required to complete each specific challenge area safely. participants will be taught proper form, safety rules and general knowledge of the equipment. all participants will be expected to adhere to all safety rules and follow guidelines for proper care of equipment. participants must always follow the instruction of the of iroec staff. anyone not adhering or following activityexpectation may be sidelined from the activity until sufficient retraining has occurred to ensure safety. no personal or outsideequipment is permitted.weight restrictions: zip line and high ropes course- participants must weigh between 50 lbs. and 275 lbs. climbing tower-participants must weigh between 30 lbs. and 275 lbs.age restrictions: zip-line & climbing- minimum 5 years of age. low ropes- minimum 8 years of age. high ropes- minimum 11 years of age. participants must fit into all required safety equipment properly regardless of weight or age.aquatics (swimming, water sports, water slide)all participants will be expected to adhere to all safety rules and follow instructions of the iroec aquatic staff and lifeguards.anyone not following expectation may be sidelined from the activity until sufficient retraining have occurred to ensure everyone’ssafety. an adult must accompany children 5 years and under, one-on-one in the water at all times.other activitiesother available activities at the iroec include but are not limited to: mine immersion, wacky science immersion, lawn games, team building games, breakout box, ranch immersion.all activitiesall activities and programs at the iroec follow the standards of scouting america, american camp association (aca), american red cross, or association of challenge course technologies (acct).closed toe shoes are suggested in all areas. many activities require them for safety.note: due to the nature of programs and activities, scouting america and local councils cannot continually monitor compliance of program participants or any limitations imposed upon them by parents or medical providers. however, so that leaders can be as familiar as possible with any limitations, list any restrictions imposed on a child participant in connection with programs or activities in this registration.in consideration of the benefits to be derived and after carefully considering the risk involved and in view of the fact that scouting america is an organization in which participation is voluntary, and having full confidence that precautions will be taken to ensure the safety and well-being of myself (and any minor children for whom i have the capacity to contract), i have carefully considered the risk involved and have given the participant identified below, my consent to participate in the recreational activities available at the irvine ranch outdoor education center* (iroec).in consideration of accepting this registration, and to the extent permitted by law, i hereby agree to release, indemnify, defend and hold harmless on behalf of myself (and any minor children for whom i have the capacity to contract), the iroec, scouting america, orange county council, event staff, activity coordinators, all employees, volunteers, or other organizations associated with iroec from and against any and all liabilities, claims, penalties, losses, or expenses (including attorneys’ fees), of any kind or nature whatsoever, whether related to bodily injury, property damage or any other form of injury or loss to myself (and to any minor children for whom i have the capacity to contract), caused by any negligent act or omission of the iroec or its officers, clients, agents or employees, arising out of or in any way related to participation in the activity for which i (and any minor children for whom i have the capacity to contract) am registering.i give permission to the iroec to take photographs of me, my children, and any minor children for whom i have the capacity to contract while participating in this activity for use in future publicity and understand that i will not receive any compensation for such use.in case of emergency, i hereby give my permission to the physician selected by the iroec, to secure proper treatment, including hospitalization, anesthesia, surgery, or injections of medication for myself or any minor children for whom i have the capacity to contract.i acknowledge that the activities to which this release applies can be dangerous and as a result of signing below, i am accepting those risks for myself and for any minor participants for whom i can contract.i certify that i have read, understand and agree to all the specifications of this waiver. 









 































