





goodwill ncpa - goodwill industries of north central pennsylvania



































































 


skip to content




 
goodwill industries of north central pennsylvania
meeting life challenges through opportunity, education, training, and work.












home
shop
donate

blue donation bins
what you can donate
donation/tax receipt


mission services

additional mission services programs


sales and events
contact us
employment
 





















 good for the community
goodwill turns your donations into jobs, opportunities and training programs for members of your community. we currently employ over 700 people in 15 pennsylvania counties and 1 new york county. 











 good for the environmentgoodwill is one of pennsylvania’s largest recyclers. over 5 million pounds of sell-able and recyclable items are diverted from landfills every year.our partnership with dell reconnect helps to keep millions of pounds of broken electronics from going to waste. learn all about the dell reconnect by clicking here. 











 good for business partners
goodwill’s business partners support our mission in many ways. sponsoring a donation drive and providing job training opportunities are two of the best ways businesses partner with goodwill. for more information, call us at 1-800-932-8270. 











 good for your budget
at goodwill you’ll find amazing, high-quality items at a fraction of the cost of normal retail.
everything goes on sale! items which have been in the store for 4 weeks go on sale. this allows us to make sure nothing is over priced and reduces waste.click here for the sales colors of the week! 






























 

 










 meeting life challenges through opportunity, education, training and work.  










 



 



goodwill ncpa 






 

dei policy and plan dei policy and plan


 

sales!!!!




goodwill week sale



may 10 



view all events

 



© 2025 goodwill industries of north central pennsylvania business times by prosys theme. powered by wordpress
































