



bards and sages publishing



























































home




bards and sages quarterly




ttrpg




submission guidelines




submission queue




downloads




contact us




privacy policy




closure














































important announcement





after over twenty years, i have made the decision to close bards and sages publishing. this is not a decision i made lightly, but i need to be realistic regarding what i can actually manage to do. it simply no longer makes sense for me to continue pushing forward in the current environment with everything else going on. complete details can be found in my formal announcement.





















































transition update





phase one plan update: all author short story collections and stand-alone novels have been deactivated from circulation as may 1, 2024. we will be issuing final royalty reports to authors by july 1, 2024. as of today, all rights to the impacted authors works has reverted to them. phase two plan update:effective august 1, 2024, the following anthologies have been deactivated from circulation:america the horrificbardic tales and sage advice (volumes 1 through 10)dead men (and women) walkingthe great tome serieslegendary horrorsreturn of the dead men (and women) walkingat this time, bards and sages publishing has released all rights to the stories included in these collections, as they are no longer formally being published by us. existing print copies in inventory with retailers will still be available for sale, but we are no longer authorizing the publication of new inventory. it may take a week or two for all digital retailers to remove titles from their catalogs. phase three plan:currently the only titles still available are the back issues of the bards and sages quarterly and the society of misfit stories presents, our rpg catalog, and my own publications. all issues of the two magazines will be removed from publication effective november 1, 2024. so this will be the last opportunity to get copies of back issues before they are no longer available.i have been in discussion with a few individuals regarding the rpg catalog, but no definitive plans have been agreed to at this time. any rpg publishers with an interest in part or all of the catalog can contact me directly at jdawson@bardsandsages.com























































































































































































































bards and sages publishing














































