





holy family, inverness – holy family, inverness





























		skip to content

 







 












 
2515 w palatine rd, inverness, il 60067





 
(847) 359-0042





 
email us





 
give





 
scc•gig
















watch livestream
about us
pastoral care
sacraments
family and teen faith
adults
liturgical arts
human concerns
be more
login
 

 

watch livestream
about us
pastoral care
sacraments
family and teen faith
adults
liturgical arts
human concerns
be more
login
 







 
















watch mass live stream







welcome to holy family 
we are a vibrant catholic community dedicated to empowering all to experience new life in christ through sacramental living, transformative worship, lifelong spiritual growth and community in service to others.

 














our story










announcements














mass times










volunteer














bulletin










parish calendar














presider schedule










hfca



















new to holy family? let's connect! 






start here







weekly news emails: 






sign up







watch mass online 






watch mass







social media 






facebook
 



instagram
 











 







learn about the cross of new life
















 




tickets are on sale now! 






learn more











saturday, march 1st from 6pm – 11pm at concorde banquets in kildeerladies and gents this is the moment you’ve waited for: the holy family catholic community gala is coming to town! please join us for the greatest show where we will come alive as a community to rewrite the stars and share a million dreams. enjoy an entertaining cocktail hour followed by a delicious plated dinner, silent and live auctions, speaking program, and paddle raise. the night will conclude with live music and dancing. let’s have a great time for a great cause! the gala is the primary fundraising event for both holy family catholic community and holy family catholic academy. 
















holy family cares 



at holy family, our human concerns community (hcc) is dedicated to incorporating catholic social teaching into every aspect of our ministry to those in need. through partnerships with local agencies, hcc provides essential services such as food, clothing, and shelter to our community. by respecting the life and dignity of every individual, we strive to see christ’s light in everyone we encounter. 






learn more about human concerns











 



























 







our small christian communities are an opportunity for you to regularly join in conversation, prayer and reflection on the sunday readings or another spiritually enriching topic, and to form a smaller community within our larger church. current group members tell us they have developed deep friendships with people they can turn to at all times for love and support, and their faith has been nourished by these gatherings in grace. 






learn more













 





 







fr. terry's weekly article 








				february 16, 2025			


the sermon on the plain wait, i thought it was the sermon on the mount. perhaps you are aware that this year we are reading a major section of the gospel of luke whose author tells the story of this particular event, also called the beatitudes, much differently than we hear in matthew. in luke’s gospel, several important events lead up to this passage. some compassionate encounters cause jesus’ reputation as a healer to grow, fueled by a recent healing in the synagogue of a man with a withered hand on the sabbath. the religious leaders condemned such healing because it was interpreted as work, and work of any kind was strictly forbidden on the sabbath day. jesus confounds those leaders with a simple question, “is it lawful to save life rather than destroy it?” indicating that healing overrides the sabbath fast.  jesus then goes up a mountain to spend


			continue reading »		






















current announcements 











 






learn more







 







 



 



 











 










listen on spotify














listen on apple















join the holy family catholic community podcast for a spiritual journey. featuring “word, world & worship” by fr. terry keehan and “in another voice” by dawn mayer, our channel offers a rich blend of teachings and insights. dive into fr. keehan’s deep reflections and gain weekly insights from dawn mayer’s “in another voice.” subscribe for engaging episodes that bring faith, wisdom, and the spirit of our community directly to you. 










 









copyright © 2025 holy family, inverness | all rights reserved





terms & conditions | privacy policy 














this website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website.  










got it








































skip to content



open toolbar

accessibility tools
 




accessibility tools



increase textincrease text 



decrease textdecrease text 



grayscalegrayscale 



high contrasthigh contrast 



negative contrastnegative contrast 



light backgroundlight background 



links underlinelinks underline 



readable fontreadable font 



reset
reset








