





endon high school - home























skip to main content



quick links


home page
parent pay
firefly login page
firefly calendar
report absence


quick links




endon high













home
join our school
join our pupils
join our staff
join our trust
join our alumni
about our school
welcome
headteacher's message
motto, mission, values & high expectations
a vision for our school
the curriculum
extra curriculum
the school day and year
exam results
admissions
prospectus
pupil premium
ofsted
careers guidance
shaw education trust
summer school
summer school finances
remote learning
students
exam info
uniform
esafety
parents
parent view
parent pay
news
news listing
social media
newsletters archive
need to know
policies
school policies
set policies
safeguarding
send
staffordshire local offer
holiday request guidance
dietary information
equality & accessibility plan
partnerships links page
free school meals
privacy notice
complaints
academy council
contact us
contact us






plus est en vous
 "there is more in you"
"working together to go beyond our best"
learn more










welcome toendon high school
our school is a relatively small 11-16 comprehensive on the outskirts of stoke-on-trent, located about half-way between the potteries and the market town of leek.
our 700 pupils are representative of the area: some are from rural, farming families and others opt in from the nearby stoke suburbs. we are a true comprehensive, welcoming pupils from the full ability, social and economic ranges. we are also fully inclusive regarding pupils with physical disabilities, and are very aware that we all benefit from working together.
our shared values are: curiosity, determination and kindness
read more
headteachers message


our mission
to inspire confident learners and take them on a journey of opportunities throughout endon high school so that they can thrive academically, socially, physically and emotionally, within a happy and caring environment.
we expect all members of our school community to value: curiosity, determination and kindness. to be ready, be respectful and be responsible. to believe in our motto ‘plus est en vous’- that everyone has more in them.
we aspire to equip everyone with the knowledge, understanding, skills and qualities needed to achieve success at the highest level. empowering every learner to go beyond their best and aim for excellence in everything they do, so that they may all follow a quality pathway after endon high school and thrive in an ever changing world.
view our mission









endonhighschool

tweets by endonhighschool


see more tweets


our vision


educational innovation


empowering individuals


experience & opportunity


responsibility & leadership


high aspirations


a family community


learning environment


 view our vision







plus est en vous “there is more in you”.
working together to go beyond our best.










latest news



7 nov
art challenge - subject week 2023

						current news
						




10 oct
world mental health day 2023

						current news
						




6 oct
open evening 2023

						current news
						



all news












diary dates


all dates












headteacher: mr a skelding




endon high school 
					leek road, stoke-on-trent,
					st9 9ee




					(01782) 502240



 email us


























our sponsor:

 
www.shaw-education.org.uk




  


      endon high school is part of the shaw education trust limited, a company limited by guarantee, registered in england and wales under company number 09067175 whose registered address is shaw education trust head office, kidsgrove secondary school, gloucester road, kidsgrove, st7 4dl. shaw education trust is an exempt charity. 

endon high school is not accountable for the content displayed on the external webpages that may be linked from our site. all necessary precautions are taken to ensure the specified content linked to is of an appropriate nature; however, we cannot be held responsible for any other material published by any other site. 




© 2025 legal information | gdpr privacy policy
high school website design by greenhouse school websites


























