





openpgp keyserver










hockeypuck openpgp keyserver

















                    search key
                  


                    submit key
                  



advanced options


                    index options:
                    

                      show openpgp fingerprints
                    


                      show full-key hashes
                    


                      only return exact matches
                    


                      machine readable
                    




                    index type:
                    

                      get regular index of matching keys
                    


                      get verbose index of matching keys
                    


                      retrieve ascii-armored keys
                    


                      retrieve keys by full hash fingerprint
                    











submit your openpgp public key









close


                    submit public key
                  










×
about this server


this is an openpgp keyserver.
it is provided to the community as a public service to help distribute openpgp public keys.
queries about the operation of this service should be directed to the server contact listed on the statistics page.


personal data


this server processes the following information:

openpgp public keys

openpgp public keys normally contain personal data in the form of user ids (typically email addresses) and key fingerprints.
                  user ids are automatically deleted when the public key is revoked - this can be done by uploading the revocation certificate generated by your client software at key creation time.
                  fingerprints are pseudonymised data that may be retained in order to prevent resubmission of deleted user ids.
                
ip addresses

                  your ip address is an identifier assigned by your internet service provider to the computer you are using, and enables information to be delivered correctly across the internet.
                  ip addresses used to access this server may be retained for a short period of time (typically a few days) in order to help improve site reliability.
                


                openpgp public keys and revocation certificates are synchronised with this server's peers, which are listed on the statistics page.
                public keys may be gathered by direct submission to this server (either automatically via your openpgp client software or manually via the browser upload form), or indirectly from its peers.
              
this server does not use cookies.


the software


this server is powered by the open-source keyserver software hockeypuck.
                hockeypuck is a synchronising keyserver that acts as part of a
                decentralised networked database for openpgp public keys.
to report a bug in the hockeypuck software, or contribute to its development, please visit the
                hockeypuck project on github.


the openpgp standard


openpgp is an end-to-end encryption standard.
                it allows emails, files and other data to be encrypted so that they cannot be read by a third party,
                and/or signed so that they cannot be modified, while in transit between the sender and recipient.
                it is used primarily for high-latency and long-timescale applications such as email, software distribution, record archival and backups.

pgp (wikipedia)
email self-defense (free software foundation)
openpgp links and resources
openpgp for application developers










about |
            statistics









