
society of wedding and portrait photographers - swpp















loginjoin today






home

members' area 
          


benefits
competitions
qualifications
mentoring
webinars
articles
discounts
insurance
forum
magazine
logos
update members page
faq


join
events
blog
photographers

about 
          


about swpp
meet the team
meet the judges
mission statement


contact
☰





































the society of wedding and portrait photographers the fastest growing worldwide association for serious photographers
the society of wedding and portrait photographers is one of the world's largest organisations for pro and aspiring photographers. members receive a range of benefits to help them in their careers and businesses. members have access to our photographic forum, comprehensive listing on our website, online photographic gallery, professional imagemaker magazine and a great deal more photo services.our organisation represents wedding and portrait photographers. benefits of membership include business listing, bi-monthly magazine, mentoring programme, seminars, competitions and much, much more.when there is such a choice of representative organisations out there you may ask yourself, why the swpp? to us the answer is very simple. if you are a newcomer to the industry or considering a career change then we offer the most comprehensive range of educational seminars by inspirational speakers.the profile of our membership contains many individuals who have enjoyed active careers in many of the traditional 'professions' and to whom 'professionalism' is second nature. we are dedicated to providing quality training and mentoring to all that ask and want to progress in professional photography without prejudice or discrimination. if you are already in practice and want to gain that all important edge over your competitors, then we can help you too.want to find out more? request a free information pack today.if you are looking for a photographer for your wedding or family portrait then visit our wedding and portrait photographers' directory to find a member near you. our members photograph thousands of weddings and can provide beautiful lasting memories of your 'special day'.




just some of our benefits of membership



  
webinars
take your photography to the next level with our exclusive webinars. from building your photo business, making the most out of your social media profiles, learning new lighting techniques to colour management. we have a webinar to help you develop your skills. 			


  
mentoring 
feedback on your work can be insightful and help move your photography on to the next level. our mentoring team will give you advice that you can implement in to your wedding or portrait photography that will ultimately help you improve your craft.find out how we can help improve your photography 


  
networking 
if you want to talk photography with fellow photographers, then there is no better place than the society of photographers' photography forum.chat, socialise and keep up to speed with the latest business and photographic trends in the privacy of a members' only forum.	




  
competitions 
compete with fellow photographers and benefit from seeing your work standing shoulder to shoulder with some of the world's greatest images. we run competitions in many genres from wedding photojournalistic, portrait avant garde right through to fashion photography.


  
convention 
the society convention is set to become the most memorable gathering of worldwide professional photography with a stunning array of speakers from all over the world and over 200 of the most influential companies.


  
qualifications 
the swpp has a number of levels of qualifications/distinctions, which are awarded: licentiate, associate and fellowship







getting married?

planning your wedding day? it can be a stressful time, so we have comprised lists of wedding photographers, venues, bridal dresses, florists and wedding cars to help you find suppliers in one place.we have also created a wedding plans section of the website, with some useful hints and tips to consider when organising your wedding, and some top tips on looking for a professional photographer.



what the members say

i can’t speak highly enough of the society of photographers, the value for money of having a membership with them is fantastic - there are so many resources available including numerous webinars covering a variety of topics in business, photographic skills and camera gear to name a few. then there are the additional benefits of entering competitions, gaining qualifications and receiving mentoring - this membership is truly invaluable!  ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐emma walker

i would definitely recommend the society to photographers of all levels, i have always found them to be very friendly, supportive, and helpful. ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐shiralee swan 

the society have helped me endlessly. from utilising their classes and mentors to help with legal advice. love the competitions and have valued the conferences over the years to make new photo friends and get support in my business. highly recommend!! ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐louise sumner

as a member to the society of photographers i have access to a wealth of knowledge, expertise & support. this, alongside the opportunity to grow friendships with 'like minded' people, really helps my professional & personal development. excellent online learning & sharing is uplifting. ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐kevin greene

excellent organisation for anyone interested in photography. ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐phil melia 





corporate partners











































    trustpilot  

reviews




the society of wedding and portrait photographers (swpp) is long-established professional photographers association based in the uk for full-time and aspiring photographers all around the world. the swpp is one of the uk’s leading qualifying bodies for photographers who work in the social photography sector. our members cover a wide range of photographic services, these include wedding photography, child and baby, newborn, pregnancy, family and lifestyle photography, along with pet portraits.registered in england & walesvat number 790 4289 05bppa ltd company reg 0392 2894


links

home
about
free information pack
testimonials
find a photographer
improve your photography
terms of use
faq
privacy
terms of membership
policies


starting a business
sponsor this site
photo trade directory
publications
photographic glossary
sitemap
uk photography show


getting married
wedding venues
model agencies
wedding cars
wedding dresses
florists


venue trade form
trade form


newsletter signupsubscribe to the society newsletter. subscribe here.
contact
the society of wedding and portrait photographers (swpp) is a trading name of bppa ltd   the society of photographers, clwyd chambers, clwyd street, rhyl, denbighshire, ll18 3la, uk   +44 0 1745 356935   contact us 


 © copyright 2000 -  swpp | wedding and portrait photographers trade association b.p.p.a. limited all rights reserved.


















cookie consent by free privacy policy generator


update cookies preferences

