


















home | synaptics



















customer portal

go to portal  register
forgot password | unlock account






toggle navigation


























                products
          
toggle submenu









                wireless connectivity
          









                wi-fi
          





                bluetooth
          





                thread/zigbee
          





                gnss / gps
          





                ule
          











                compute solutions
          









                astra embedded processors
          





                multimedia socs
          

















                enterprise
          









                video interface ics
          





                displaylink graphics
          





                touchpad modules
          





                fingerprint sensors
          





                audio dsps, socs, far-field voice
          





                headset socs
          





                fax/modem/printer processors
          

















                automotive
          









                smartbridge & display controller ics
          





                integrated touch & display ics
          

















                mobile
          









                touch controller ics
          





                display driver ic (ddic)
          

















                applications
          
toggle submenu









                pc notebooks/laptops
          





                automotive
          





                docking stations
          





                audio headsets & hearables
          











                pc accessories
          





                ar/vr headsets
          





                smart displays
          





                set-top box, media streamers
          











                smart security
          





                voice assistant devices
          





                smartphones
          











                technology
          
toggle submenu









                wireless technology
          





                display driver
          





                video processing
          





                touch & display integration (tddi)
          











                headset audio
          





                secure biometrics
          





                voice processing
          





                edge computing socs with ai
          











                touch sensing
          





                high-speed wired connectivity
          











                support
          
toggle submenu









                astra
          









                software & sdk
          





                buy an astra machina kit
          





                file a support ticket
          

















                displaylink
          









                displaylink forum
          





                displaylink support
          





                firmware builder
          

















                other products
          









                contact support
          

















                careers
          





                company
          
toggle submenu









                about us
          





                news
          





                investor relations
          











                leadership
          





                partnerships
          





                events
          











                blog
          





                corporate social responsibility
          





                videos
          











                contact us
          






















search


search


enter keywords

search



































join us for embedded world 2025!march 11-13, 2025nürnbergmesse, nuremburg, germanyhall 4a, booth 259


learn more
















 collaborate on edge aifor the iot


read more
















optimized for iot and beyondveros™ unites synaptics' extensive portfolio of wireless solutions. 


read more
















elevate your visual experiencewith displaylink's gpu agnostic display solutions


read more




















					news
				



							feb 6, 2025
							

								synaptics and google accelerate ai in iot with astra
							

read more




							feb 4, 2025
							

								spotlight on edge ai hardware acceleration at ces 2025
							

read more




							jan 31, 2025
							

								electronic products announces winners of the 2024 product of the year awards
							

read more










engineering exceptional experiences
synaptics combines iot and ai with human interface technologies.























processing



build differentiation with our power-efficient multi-modal ai-enabled mpus and high-performance ai and connectivity mcus.


featured

astra embedded processors
multimedia socs






connecting



veros™ unites synaptics' portfolio of wireless solutions optimized for iot and delivers high-performance, power-efficient solutions for a wide range of applications.


featured

wi-fi
bluetooth
thread/zigbee
gnss/gps
ule






sensing



synaptics specializes in advanced sensing solutions that enhance human-device interaction. 


featured

fingerprint
touchpad
integrated touch & display ics
touch controllers











leadership for every experience
expanding your smart iot portfolio with industry-leading solutions: high-performance ai, optimized structure, seamless cross-platform integration, and more.














smart security











automotive











mobile











audio











pc



































fostering innovation across generations of technology




                            2,617
                            

                                                            patents
                                                        



                            470+
                            

                                                            oems
                                                        










trusted by industry leaders 















"arm technology has powered multiple generations of synaptics ai-enabled iot solutions for multimedia, audio, and conferencing markets. we are excuted to continue the partnership to address fragmentation across broader iot market segments and look forward to collaborating on ensuring long-term success for the synaptics astra iot platform."










paul williamson
svp & gm, iot line of business, arm













"we have had great success with synaptics' best-in-class connectivity modules. with synaptics' astra platform we are excited to bring new system on modules (soms) combining highly integrated intelligent computing and wireless connectivity to the embedded iot market."










janet wei
ceo, ampak













"lgu+ and synaptics have a long history of partnership that has brought new and innovative features with every product generation. together we invested early in ai and have use cases already deployed, including ai-based sound enhancements for a truly unique user experience. we are just starting to scratch the surface of ai's capabilities and are excited to see how synaptics astra platform will further accelerate our lead in ai at the edge."










daewon-song
vp, r&d center, lgu+













"embedur is excited to partner with synaptics on the astra platform to enable cutting-edge ai models on its scalable portfolio of iot processors with integrated npus. working closely with synaptics engineering, embedur integrated yolo image segmentation models on tiny devices to achieve remarkable performance. we look forward to closer collaboration across many real-world edge applications."










john marconi
vp technology, embedur













"feature-flexibility, performance, and power efficiency are critical for multi-modal smart conference systems. synaptics' proven compute and connectivity solutions, coupled with its ai toolkit, provided the assurance we needed to execute a highly interactive solution. as we enable ai-powered features such as voice-to-text, gesture recognition, translation, and meeting summaries, we are excited to see where the synaptics astra platform can take us."










wesley chen
avp, qsi






























insights
discover more







unleashing astra: synaptics’ vision for the future of iot and edge ai
in an era where technology seamlessly integrates with our daily lives, synaptics leads the way, envisioning a future where...

read more








6 reasons it teams prefer displaylink® docks
in the modern workplace, efficiency and productivity are the twin pillars upon which organizations thrive. in the aftermath of...

read more








advancing ai at the iot edge
in a highly connected world, there is a need for more intelligent and secure computation locally and preferably on the very...

read more











company

learn more about how synaptics pushes human interface technology to new heights.


about synaptics



careers

check out our careers page to learn more about our culture and openings around the world.


explore careers



support

get support from synaptics experts.


learn more

















  





english简体中文



 linkedinyoutubeinstagramfacebook©2025 synaptics incorporated. all rights reserved.website privacy policy information security disclosure legal



receive the latest news 


sfy39587stp30 0 0 4091















































































