







laptop computer repairs in manhattan, new york | laptopmd+













247 w 38th st #602, new york, ny 10018
            mo-fr: 10 am-7pm | sat: 12 am-6pm | sun: closed
(212) 920-4833 | info@laptopmd.com



3d store view
compare prices




free quote





















repairs


laptop repair
smartphone repair
tablet repair
desktop repair
other device repairs
imac repair



data recovery
reviews
about
press
contact



 










          laptopmd is the #1 repair shop on yelp 
          find out why we have a 4.5 star rating










          treating any and all devices since 1999
          we fixed over 7,000 devices last year. learn about our
          services.










          true data recovery 7/365 nyc service
          we can recover all your data.










          need help in new jersey? check out
          jersey laptop repair




 




      laptopmd+ laptop computer repairs in manhattan, new york












laptop repair











phone repair











tablet repair











computer repair











something else











lost data


 



      why laptopmd?
    



free estimates while you wait
customer oriented service
you don’t need an appointment
open ‘til 7 o’clock on weekdays
expert engineers at your service
same / next day service on most of the repairs
we can recover all your data: photos, contacts, apps
located in midtown manhattan near penn station

 



      about laptopmd
    




located in midtown manhattan, near times square and penn station and serving all five boroughs, laptopmd is a
        full-service computer repair company specializing in computer repair, iphone repair and data recovery.
we believe in treating you right by offering completely free estimates on all repair jobs and, unlike best buy and staples, we won’t start your repair job until you agree to the full price. copycats can steal the name, but can’t imitate the respect, component level expertise, and positive press in outlets such as cnn, cbs & wsj. for your convenience, we’re open late 6 days a week with access to all major subway lines. 




since we began in 1999, many other repair services have started in nyc, many of which have “borrowed” our theme. we were here first. here’s the proof. 



 



      click icons  to learn more about us
    










































 



      what laptopmdcustomers are saying
    



“fastest repair, ever ! i had a broken trackpad on my mac air. in and out the same day ! they texted me on completion. great job.” – steven robinson
“quote took longer than expected. but these guys did a good job of delivering on the specific date and under the quoted price. also a convenient location and nice office space. legit business.” – evan thomas
“great experience. quick and easy, in and out in under 30 mins. very friendly. i had a broken iphone 5 screen, apple was going to charge me $130 for the repair but laptopmd charged me $75 with 2 discount codes. i will uses them again.” – morgann daniels
“loads better than corporate america best buy. fast and convenient. i would definitely recommend laptopmd+ for all computer and cell phone repairs.” – aaron dalla villa

 




need computerand laptop service?

          we got your back. laptopmd’s engineers will help you with all of your
          tech needs. submit your information to receive a free quote.
        
call for a quote




request a quote





 


treating any and all devices since 1999

our customers come first
laptopmd+ been in the business since 1999 with three locations in new york and new jersey. we attribute our success to the fact that we believe that the customer always comes first. in everything we do, we strive to save our customers time and money. learning new operating system and losing your applications and existing setup can be frustrating. we at laptopmd get it. this is why we strive to fix your device quickly and efficiently.  
component repairs is our specialty
component level repair is a dead art, but we specialize in this field. soldering, schematics, microscopes, and oscilloscopes allow us to achieve 90% in all board level repairs. by fixing your device rather than simply replacing components, we save our customers money. replacing system boards are expensive and often equivalent to a price of a new laptop. simply put, we avoid replacements by performing repairs.  

most of the big service centers like the apple genius bars and geek squad do not even replace parts in computers or laptops! they just do not have the knowledgeable staff to do it. even if they did, they aren’t even interested in repairing your laptop or computer. they will tell you your laptop is dead and give you some astronomical price for repair but at the same time will offer you a new laptop that is on sale. the worst part is that most of the customers fall for it. the fact is that 70-80% of customers walking in for repairs end up walking out with a new laptop. at best, they can replace hard drive and complete simple data transfers providing the hard drive is accessible (and most of the time it’s not). apple genius bars end up replacing a part and charge double or triple of what we would charge for same repair.

our competition, the other local repairs shops, will fix your laptop by replacing parts, which is pricier then fixing the part. big box retailers will make you wait days if not weeks for your repair to be completed. many other local repair shops don’t even touch your laptop, they simply send it out for repair to a 3rd party. we specialize in same day/next day repairs. in fact, 60 to 70% of repairs can be done same day. 


we work around your needs
we understand if you are a new yorker or live in tristate area, you probably need your computer or laptop every day and cannot wait to get it repaired. we work around the customer, so we will perform temporary repairs in extreme cases, so our customers can work if we do need to order a part for this particular job. we overnight parts if necessary. in these cases, we take extra measures that others simply do not do. we disable your touch screen so you can use your laptop while the glass is on order. we lubricate your fan while a new fan is in transit because your old one just cannot be fixed. we give you a complimentary usb keyboard or mouse so you can work your laptop while new keyboard or touchpad is being overnighted.  

apple genius bar, geek squad, or any other local repair shop are forced to go by polices and regulations. due to this, no same day or next day repairs are allowed. we are the first laptop and computer repair shop in nyc. see for yourself, just google it! our online reviews date back to 1999 and are still accessible on citysearch. 

20 to 30% of our customers do have warranty coverage, but you may already know that directly dealing with dell, hp, lenovo, acer or similar is a nightmare. you must mail your device in, and that takes days if not weeks to get your laptop or computer back. they always say that before you mail it to the manufacturer, you must backup your data. how can you back up your data if your laptop or computer is broken? these manufacturers do not care. simply put, if genius bars, best buy, geek squad or our competition would know how to service customer needs, we would not be in business.  

we do it all. we can fix your projector, or vintage sound system. we recover your data from your hard drive, sd card, or flash drive. we can fix your xbox, or smartphone, ix tour apple watch, iphone, samsung smartphone, or even your drone. this is what makes us helpful, valuable and needed. check our reviews on google, yelp.

 



our address in manhattan


phone
212-920-4833


adress
247 w 38th st #602 new york, ny 10018
laptopmd morristown 169 south st, morristown, nj, 07960


email

info@laptopmd.com


social


facebook: laptopmd
linkedin: laptopmd
twitter: @laptopmd




hours

            we’re open late 6 days a weekmon-fr: 10am - 7pmsaturday:
            12am - 6pmsunday: closed
          








 




faq


        there are some of our most frequently asked questions about computer repair near me
      






q: what services does laptopmd+ offer?



            a: laptopmd+ not only repairs laptops and computers but we also
            offer iphone repair, data recovery and other related services. check
            out our services page for a detailed listing of the services that we
            provide.
          




q: how can i connect with you online so i don’t miss out on what you’re doing?



            a: laptopmd+ not only repairs laptops and computers but we also
            offer iphone repair, data recovery and other related services. check
            out our services page for a detailed listing of the services that we
            provide.
          




q: how much does a laptop repair cost?



            a: laptopmd+ not only repairs laptops and computers but we also
            offer iphone repair, data recovery and other related services. check
            out our services page for a detailed listing of the services that we
            provide.
          



view all faqs







blog

reviews


service options


voip system installation



press

connect


business services


sitemap



faq

laptops for sale






request a quote







2024 laptopmd | jerseylaptoprepair.com | all rights reserved.
      all images, trademarks, and product names are registered by their
      respective holders.
      prices in different stores may vary.










 

 





 









request








            text us




            call us









