   clearwater spas - handcrafted luxurious spas      
spasget a quoteshop by priceextravagant | $$$$$luxury | $$$$performance | $$$classic | $$value | $shop by size7+ person6 person5 person4 personshop by seriesbeachcraft seriestraditionpearl islandst. andrewmyrtle beachentertainerresort seriesorlandomonaconorthwest seriesconcordiabroadmoorliberty lakefairviewfourwinds seriesgrand bahamacaribbeankauaititaniumkey largodaytona beachtrilogystarlight seriesstarlight 6rstarlight 6lstarlight 6starlight 7lstarlight 7nstarlight 8lstarlight 8nswim series1400014000r1600016000rcold seriesbenefitsfeaturesclearstandard featuresoptional featuresdealersfind a dealerbecome a dealerdealer loginownerswarranty registrationclearwater spas warrantyresourcescw clubfaq’sabout usour factoriesthe clearwater difference20 must ask questionscontact us




visit our showroomwelcome you to our brand-new showroom, which is now open and ready for you to explore. you will find a fantastic selection of the latest models of clearwater spas hot tubs on display.if you are not from the area we can help coordinate the purchase of your spa with one of our many dealers worldwide.furthermore, enjoy our complimentary factory tour!3808 n sullivan rd n4, spokane valley, wa 99216northwest factory3808 n sullivan rd n4,spokane valley, wa 992161 509-891-1933
get directions251 mayfield dr, smyrna, tn 37167, usasouthwest factory and showroom- smyrna tennessee251 mayfield drive,smyrna, tn 37167615-220-8879
get directionshow can we help you?build a quote
design your spadownload brochure
learn morefind a dealer
learn moreclear
learn moreclearwater spas seriesbeachcraft seriesluxury
view detailsresort series extravagant
view detailsnorthwest series performance
view detailsfourwinds series classic
view detailsstarlight seriesvalue
view detailshealth & wellness benefitslearn about the benefits to your health and wellness that a hot tub can offer.improved sleepworkout recoverymuscle painstress reliefthe clearwater differenceour molds are handcrafted and perfected by our engineers. every inch of your clearwater spa has special touches taking every element into account. we are always creating new ideas and perfecting our spas.
learn more


industry’s best warrantyevery clearwater spa is manufactured to our exacting standards and requirements, and your long-term enjoyment of your spa is our ultimate goal. our spas provide a 20-year structural warranty.about clearwater spasclearwater spas has been a proud us manufacturer since 1976 serving all of north america and europe. all our spas are proudly made in the usa in either our spokane, wa or smyrna, tn factories.
learn more
testimonials“we have had our hot tub for 18 years. never had any troubles. we love clearwater spa. parts are so easy to get. like new jets , pillows. we use it two to three times a week. best investment we made for us!!“
-bobbie“i’m new to hot tubbing and purchased a clearwater spa after extensive research. it’s only been 3 months since installation, but nightly use has been a delight and physically restorative. the ability to adjust each jet individually gives a spa experience that goes beyond my expectations. the shell is an attractive tuscan sun that adds beautiful color to our deck. i’m anxious to see how it operates during the fall and winter months with the special insulation construction. clearwater provides a high quality spa at a reasonable price .“
-terry“clearwater spas have be around since 1976 and are by far the best quality and highest performance spas on the planet. to boot they have the longest warranty of any hot tub out there today. 20 years on the structure, shell and cabinet!”
-aaronaccessibility | hot tub widgetcopyright ©2024 clearwater spas. all rights reserved.followfollowfollow  

  



