





moxie magazine -- a magazine for the woman who dares




  
          
             
          
 




this photo was made
                      by albert arthur allen in 1925. even in the flapper era
                      women had a variety of body shapes --- and tummies! what has
                      happened to us? 


                        we won ! ! !
                      

 moxie won a  maggie award for
                        
best
                        cover for all magazines published west of the mississippi in 1999 for its
                         blue legs cover (women/art issue, winter
                        '99). this is like winning the academy award for best picture! 
                        kudos to judy lehner, the artist who painted those  blue
                        legs.
                        they express exactly what moxie is all about!

                                        pretty impressive for a magazine without a corporate budget!






"there can be no doubt about the validity of richard king's research and intuitive use of numerology. his application of this metaphysical science goes well beyond other ancient schemes such as astrology and the enneagram in giving us direction by clarifying who and what we are."
		-emily hancock, editor, moxie magazineplease support moxie by visiting it's sponsers


media applause for
                        moxie...
                        
"one of a variety of brash
          magazines that upset old stereotypes"
          -new york times


						"...incorporates the better elements of bitch, bust, and ms."
          -salon.com

						"....a feisty, inspiring quarterly for women in their 20s and early 30s."
						-chicago tribune

						"looking for something more out of a women's magazine than fashion, sex, and
						beauty? check out moxie!"
						-los angeles times

						"a smart magazine that tells women about real life rather
                        than plying them with
						the usual palaver about how to play into the hands of a man."
                      -feminist bookstore news
                        

 
moxie inspires women to live boldly, pursue adventures, take risks, and
                      provide others with vibrant role models in the process.







online-only
                                  stories





                                      family, friends, and lovers (updated oct 28)

perspectives
(updated aug 16)
real
                                      life
                                      (updated aug 16)
whatthehell

                                      (updated aug 16)
profiles 
(updated
                                      apr 25)
archives
(past issues)




moxietalk 


online
                                  gallery 


about
                                  us


support moxie


submissions


email
                                  us











			moxie contest winners announced!!
painting byelizabeth knafo


            moxie is delighted to announce the winners of our first contest. we
                invented two new categories -  creative non-fiction and essay - and
                added them to our original three (fiction, first-person narrative,
                poetry) because the entries we received were so strong.
                cash prizes will go to the authors of these
                pieces:


 first place winners


fiction:
                    froggy
                         by elizabeth stamford
creative non-fiction (tie):
                    gina in me
                        by roger w. cain
                    
                the rules
                        by sally lentz

non-fiction:
                    
                control by jillian heffron

essay (tie):
                    
                women who want domesticity
                        by molly m. mokros
                    

                angel in the house 
                        by barbara wahl ledingham
poetry (tie):
                    pansies
                         by joanna weston
                    
                working woman
                         by wendy l. brown


                all of our winners our now available.  click on the links above and don't forget to leave the authors feedback on their work.
                





search
                                  the site!














submit
            your e-mail address
we'll notify you when new
            stories and features are posted!
            


[frontpage save results component] 
              













today
                      we are all new yorkers
click
                      here for 9-11 stories


peace
 1989, (c) elly simmonswww.ellysimmons.com  
after the first tower fell on the morning of the terrorist attacks on new york, an army of firemen and policemen marched toward the world trade center. a reporter asked them why they were heading into danger while others were fleeing. "because it's our job," one said. minutes later, they were killed when the second tower came down.
                      the courage of new yorkers is demonstrated with every passing moment by those who are helping with the rescue effort now. they come away for a few hours of sleep on the sidewalk and go back in. some of the steelworkers who built the towers are pulling huge pieces of out of their ruins now. they know that they are risking their lives, yet they have vowed not to quit until they are dragged away.
                      those who are doing that grueling job have become a fraternity. common men united by uncommon valor, they call each other "brother." some of the rescuers sing together as they work. an nypd detective asked a week after the attack why he was still raking through the wreckage to find body parts of the dead said simply, "this is who we are. this is what we do."
                      this act of terrorism will not defeat new yorkers. they are heroes, every one. the world's grittiest people, they are what makes new york the world's greatest city. an attack on new york is an attack on the civilized world. although many of us are thousands of miles away, we weep with them. all of our hearts are broken.
                      today we are all new yorkers. let us honor their courage and their losses by refusing to let this defeat us. instead of giving in to fear or retaliating against the innocent, let us follow their lead: get to work, wear the flag, scatter roses on the hudson river and waterways beyond.



                      emily hancock 
                      editor








last
                                  updated: october, 2003
                                  

copyright 2002  moxie magazine all rights reservedrcn
interested in
            submitting your work? click here
questions or comments on the
            website? write to the webmaster@moxiemag.com

 
		




