



international women's group - home












log in























remember me




forgot password









 







home




join us




events




useful links




current board




impressum










join us today

become a member, join other women and girls in franconia. we look forward to welcoming you at an event soon!join us

welcome to the iwg

the “iwg“ offers women new to franconia, the hand of friendship, the expertise of long-term residents or seasoned expats, local knowledge, activities and social events. whether you are from overseas or from another part of germany, we’ll help make your time in franconia more enjoyable and fun.

 










upcoming events



europe/berlin
coffee morning in herzogenaurach!

19 feb 2025 11:00


brothaus café herzogenaurach, an d. schütt 11, 91074 herzogenaurach



europe/berlin
coffee morning nürnberg

28 feb 2025 11:00


café & bar celona finca, vordere schütt 4, 90403, nürnberg





see all events here
 
social networks












find us on facebook & instagram!enjoy open discussions about your life in franconia, your career and whatever else you might have in mind.see all our upcoming events and meet the ladies.see you there!
 


why iwg

expat in nuremberg...?lonely in herzogenaurach...?in erlangen, missing your girlfriends...?become a member of the iwg in franconia, germany! women of diverse origins united by friendship. we meet, have fun and support one-another.join us today!our diverse group is over 200 members strong, representing more than 40 countries. if you have an interest in meeting other women with international backgrounds and/or have recently relocated to this area, we look forward to welcoming you to our group!

our mission

our mission is to bring
together women with
international backgrounds
living in franconia. towards this purpose we organise a wide variety of events with english as our common language.read the explorerthe iwg online magazineread the explorer
webmaster@womensgroup.de



about our last events...

































































 










this is a good spot to place your secondary navigation gadget, like navigation links, or secondary menu.

call or fax us
office: +1 (111) 111-1111
fax: 111-111-1111


address:
2222 street, city,
suite 123b | state 0

 
menu
log in




home




join us




events




useful links




current board




impressum

























remember me


forgot password


















powered by wild apricot membership software












