


official hotel san luca in cortona | book now

































homehotelservicesroomssingle roomssmart roomsdeluxe roomsclassic roomscomfort roomssuperior roomstriple roomsfamily roomstuscany and surroundingshow to reach usgalleryoffersbook now 



                 en 



 
                        en                
 
                        it                






location




book




 call




























            arrival        







            departure        











            cancel/modify reservation        












 
 





 
 





 
 







welcome to
hotel san luca

hotel san luca is the ideal location for those who want to visit the town of cortona in a relaxing and peaceful atmosphere.the hotel is strategically located close to the historical centre, with a spectacular view of the valdichiana, lake trasimeno and monte amiata. 













 





rooms

our rooms are distinguished by comfort and style, combining classic accents with modern details. an enveloping combination of intimacy, familiarity and elegance. the emotion of feeling at home.explore our rooms 







superior rooms










comfort rooms










deluxe rooms












location

tuscany as you've never seen it before. enjoy the panorama of the valdichiana from our hotel and the gorgeous cortona, and take advantage of the strategic position to visit the most beautiful places in tuscany, and beyond… 













 







special offers









long stay offer - min 3 nights...

                                                for stays of more than 3 night...                                            











advanced booking - minimun 2 n...

                                                early booking - the offer is v...                                            











advanced booking - minimum 2 n...

                                                free cancellation early bookin...                                            











panoramic dinner 

                                                enjoy your stay at the hotel s...                                            











food & wine

                                                a gastronomic journey surround...                                            











e-bike tour

                                                the best way to discover the e...                                            











e-bike tour

                                                the best way to discover the e...                                            











e-bike tour

                                                the best way to discover the e...                                            







discover all
offers





 

hotel san luca cortona |
                piazza garibaldi, 1, 52044 cortona (ar)                
                p.iva 02301850513                
                tel.  +39 0575630460

                cell.  +39 338 3848170

                mail. info@sanlucacortona.com


contactscompany dataprivacy policycookie policygds 







website by blastness























