


marine life identification - fish, sea creatures, coral, algae, caribbean usvi





























snorkelstj.com
snorkel st. john, usvist. john snorkeling



home
id gallery

fish
creatures
corals
plants and algae
diseases and stresses
things that sting
turtles
all species list


about me
photography
cool stuff
log-blog















a caribbean marine life identification resource




news
03/15/24

 to see what's new, visit my log-blog page, or my  facebook page  







today's photo count: 10689 including 422 named and (some) un-named species.
this marine life identification site of fish, corals, crustaceans, mollusks and other marine life found in the waters of st. john, usvi. contains photos taken while snorkeling in the shallow waters around st. john.
to help you get the most from your island snorkeling, you will find within these pages information about snorkeling in the bays around the island and tips to help you achieve a rewarding experience. you will find the extensive marine life identification gallery an invaluable source of information about what you will see, if you look for it, in the waters around st. john.
the island of st. john is blessed with some of the most beautiful beaches in the world.  this place, with it's azure blue, tropical waters, white sand beaches and lots of sunshine is a terrific place to relax and get away from the stresses of life. while here, be sure to take advantage of the wonderful, underwater world that awaits you just off shore. it is truly a "different world" and exploring it is a unique and often missed opportunity. exploring it is easier than you think. just put on a mask and snorkel!
coral reefs occupy a tiny fraction of the oceans but they provide habitat for up to 1/3 of all marine species. they are used as feeding grounds, spawning grounds and protection for young fry. these complicated,  bio diverse systems are invaluable for the fishing industries, development of new medicines and are an economic resource to the tourism industry world-wide. they are also important as coastal barriers against otherwise damaging storm surges. when you take into account that the majority of people on the planet rely on the ocean for their food, it is imperative that action is taken to prevent the loss of the world's reefs.
did you know? of all the living things on this planet, 90% inhabit the ocean! 











 articles

beginner tips....


the calm, shallow bays of st. john are a perfect place to learn to snorkel. most of the frequented beaches are sand bottom with a gentle slope to deeper water. regardless of your swimming ability, it's very easy to learn to snorkel in this accommodating...
read more


a few do's and don'ts....


for your safety and the safety of our coral reefs there are several do's and don'ts you should be aware of. the first one is "if it's not sand, don't stand."  rocks can be slippery. together with water currents you can easily be caught off balance and fall against ...........
read more


get familiar.....


when entering a new environment it is more enjoyable if you have some idea what to look for, where to look for it and how to identify what you see. no other environment on earth immerses you in a world literally full of wildlife. but here, animals look like plants, ......
read more


tips for a safe snorkel....


although the chance of severe injury while snorkeling in the waters of st. john is slim, there are a few creatures that you should avoid coming into contact with. knowing how to identify these marine inhabitants could help avoid putting a damper on your day.....
read more















snorkelstj.com copyright 2021
please write to:snorkelstj dot com at gmail dot com  please respect the time and effort and expense to create this site. all text and photos are copyrighted unless clearly noted otherwise. no use is authorized without written permission.






