







home – setting the standard for board-certified veterinary dentistry.



































































info@avdc.org
 
   find a board certified veterinary dentist... click here



search for:



  
 
 










about the avdc®
diplomate resources
resident resources
technician resources
primary care practice resources
animal owner resources
media resources
contact the avdc®
 


select page


  
 



 



 













your pets are part of your family.you can take care of them by makingtheir dental health care a priority.
see what you can do













learn more











you pet’s oral health is important
regular dental check-ups can help yourpet live a longer, healthier life.
learn more









please consider visiting and supporting the foundation for veterinary dentistry
donate








find aveterinary dental specialist
locate a specialist













your pets are part of your family.you can take care of them by making their dental health care a priority.
see what you can do













learn more












you pet's oral health is importantregular dental checkups can help your pet live a longer healthier life.
learn more









please consider visiting and supporting the foundation for veterinary dentistry
donate









find aveterinary dental specialist
locate a specialist











what is a board certified veterinary dentist ™

learn more about veterinary dentistry & veterinary dental specialists.

learn more about veterinary dentistry



    find a board certified     veterinary dentisttm







vohc
 veterinary oral health council



leadership board of directors and committees



position
statements



avdc®
awards









important news & dates






important dates





january 9-10, 2025:  sa phase i exam
january 9-10, 2025:  eq phase i exam
january 15: annual report submission deadline for residents planning to credential that year
january 31: equine annual reports due
march 1: deadline for phase 2 exam registration for current year, examination security form and exam fee submission deadline. check examination documents sent to registered examinees for specific dates.
may 17, 2025: omfs exam
june 6-8, 2025:  eq phase 2 exam, rood and riddle equine hospital, lexington, ky
june 9-13 2025:  sa phase ii exam
july 15: credential applications due
 




 








 








dms login



quick links




contact






 username

password






about the avdc®
diplomate services
resident services
technician services
primary care practice resources
 



animal owner resources
media resources
leadership
position statements
 



info@avdc.org
103 e calderwood dr.suite 110meridian, id 83642

follow




















honorary member
non-veterinarians who have made major contributions to the advancement of veterinary dentistry.
peter emily, dds is the avdc’s only honorary member due to his contributions to the college’s formation in the early years.  dr. emily has sponsored numerous awards and established the peter emily international veterinary dental foundation.






			close			









life diplomate
diplomates in good standing who have reached the age of 65 and have been a member of the college for more than 10 years.  life diplomates do not have avdc voting privileges and do not pay an annual dues fee.
additional member benefits:

inclusion in the diplomate only listserv (opt-in) system.







			close			









charter diplomates
members of the organizing committee of the college.
the eight veterinarians were: gary beard, ben colmery, keith grove, colin harvey, sandy manfra, tom mulligan, don ross, chuck williams.






			close			









active diplomate
veterinarians who devote a significant part of their professional activities to research, teaching or the practice of veterinary dentistry and who have successfully completed the required training, credentials and examination processes and are in good standing with all membership privileges including voting. 
additional member benefits:

inclusion in the diplomate only listserv (opt-in) system.
inclusion in online specialist public and member referral searches.
inclusion in online avdc speaker bureau.
public listing founding fellow, avdc oral and maxillofacial surgery status.
public listing of zoo and wildlife certificate holder status.
active diplomate discounts for veterinary dental forum events and training.







			close			


















