

 






appalachian community technical assistance and training at west virginia university
















 




skip to main content






west virginia university 

                appalachian community technical assistance and training
              
















      open menu
    


home

legacy
national environmental services center (nesc)
national small flows clearinghouse (nsfc)
national drinking water clearinghouse (ndwc)
national environmental training center for small communities (netcsc)
national onsite demonstration program (nodp)
state onsite regulators alliance (sora)
appalachian community technical assistance and training program (actat)



drinking water
resources for operators
resources for local officials
educating the general public
tech briefs



wastewateronsite wastewater systems


actat
about actat
west virginia
kentucky
tennessee
contact actat



topics of interest
assessment of u.s. onsite system installations, 2015 through 2018
septicsmart
public information
covid-19 for wastewater workers



educationeducation


newspfas analytic tools

water worcs in appalachia
funding opportunities
contact us
wv water workforce survey

 
toggle search
 










search










search





                      would you like to search this site specifically, or all wvu websites?
                    


search this site



search wvu


















          
          assistance  solutions knowledge
        
picking up where the national environmental services center (nesc) left off, the appalachian community technical assistance and training (actat) program’s focus is sustainable water infrastructure. actat provides training and customized assistance to small, rural communities to resolve drinking water and wastewater problems while educating them on public health and environmental issues.







assistance
devoted to protecting the public health and environment of the nation's small communities
  by providing drinking water and wastewater informational and educational resources.








  appalachian community technical assistance and training (actat) program



  by focusing on each community’s context and needs, actat promotes community-driven
  actions to address community-specific concerns about operating and managing water
  and wastewater systems. our vision is to enhance economic development in small,
  rural communities of the region, by providing viable water infrastructure systems.

learn more about the appalachian community technical assistance and training (actat) program







technical assistance services center

  nesc programs are devoted to protecting the public health and environment of small
  communities and rural areas by connecting communities and individuals with resources
  to educate and provide safe drinking water and adequate wastewater services.

learn more about technical assistance services center












solutions
providing effective delivery of relevant and free direct technical assistance, educational
  materials, training programs, and partnering opportunities to small, rural communities.






drinking water treatment
water seems limitless and for the most part, it is taken for granted. however, water
  is essential for life. a potable (safe for drinking) water supply is perhaps the
  most vital service a community provides to its citizens. people depend on water
  for drinking, cooking, washing, carrying away wastes, and other domestic needs.
  in the u.s., drinking water supplies are among the safest in the world; however,
  this comes at a great cost and supplies are not always sustainable. sources of
  water used to supply drinking water comes from rivers, lakes, and groundwater.
  from the source to the tap, water goes through many steps to become safe to drink.
learn more about drinking water







wastewater treatment
ensuring proper wastewater treatment and disposal is as important for protecting
  community health as drinking water treatment, garbage collection, and immunization
  programs. untreated and inadequately treated wastewater can spread disease and
  contaminate drinking water sources when untreated wastewater reaches water used
  as a drinking water source, there can be significant health risks. to ensure safe
  drinking water, communities need both effective water and wastewater treatment.

learn more about wastewater treatment












knowledge
a job cannot be done correctly without the right tools, knowledge being the
  most important tool. 






actat
the appalachian community technical assistance and training (actat) program focuses
  on small communities in
  west virginia,
  kentucky, and
  tennessee by offering
  free, water infrastructure training and technical services.
learn more about actat







to make drinking water safer, wvu researcher investigates microbial communities living in pipes
emily garner, assistant professor at the west virginia university benjamin m. statler
  college of engineering and mineral resources, has launched a five-year study to
  learn more about biofilms. known as “cities of microbes,” biofilms are conglomerations
  of fungi, algae, bacteria and other single-celled organisms that cling to each
  other and to surfaces.
  

learn more about this research 
          
        














appalachian community technical assistance and training (actat)    west virginia university institute of sustainability and energy research    886 chestnut ridge road, ste 309     po box 6229
    morgantown wv 26505-6229









info@mail.nesc.wvu.edu

actat is funded by the rural utilities service, a rural development agency of the u.s. department of agriculture.






 



accreditations
web standards
privacy notice
questions or comments?


© 2025 west virginia university. wvu is an eeo/affirmative action employer — minority/female/disability/veteran.
          last updated on july 20, 2023.




a-z site index
campus map
wvu careers
wvu directory


give
handshake
wvu alert
wvu today
wvu portal


wvu on facebook
wvu on twitter
wvu on youtube
















