


























we are your urban league of portland | urban league of portland







      skip to main content
    
















utility


contact


donate




main navigation


who we are


programs


get involved


jobs


news













utility


contact


donate




main navigation


who we are


programs


get involved


jobs


news









we are your urban league of portland








empowering black communities in oregon and southwest washington since 1945



 

 







 

urban league of portland is one of oregon’s oldest civil rights and social service organizations, empowering african-americans and others to achieve equality in education, employment, health, economic security and quality of life.
we do this by investing in stable housing; workforce development; community health; education and well-being; for our youth, adults and seniors. our culturally specific programs and services, combined with our powerful advocacy and civic engagement, empower black communities to thrive across oregon and sw washington.




 
programs

 


 












advocacy & engagement

we are taking a stand for social justice by informing, engaging and organizing our community in order to achieve a more equitable and just place to live and work.






 


 












community health

we are creating healthier neighborhoods through education and navigation of available health care insurance choices, and building a network of trusted advocates who promote healthcare in their own communities.






 


 












housing assistance

we connect the most vulnerable in our community to stable housing resources and solutions.






 


 












senior services

we provide care services that help our elders remain independent, safe and active in their own homes and connected to vital wellness and preventative health care services.









 

 


 












workforce development

we are bridging the gap of employment through mentorship, job readiness and expanding professional growth as part of our steadfast commitment increasing diversity in the workplace.






 


 












youth & education

we are guiding young adults towards a brighter future through workforce preparation and digital literacy, and the exploration of career and higher education.









 
empowering communities. changing lives.

 


 












programs & services

our culturally specific programs connect black youth and families, young professionals, adults, and seniors with access to vital resources.


learn more




 


 












news

stay on top of the important conversations we are sharing with our community about our work.


get updates




 


 












events

we are your source for events that link you to valuable skill building opportunities and equip you with beneficial resources.


see what's happening




 


 












help create more black success stories

at the urban league we uplift our community which uplifts us all. help us create more black success stories by donating today. 












looking ahead
 
 
"we are excited to charge into the next decade fueled by the energy of our historic accomplishments. please join us as we inspire economic success for our black communities into the next decade."  
-nkenge harmon johnson | president and chief executive officer
 
 
join us today




 














sign upsubscribe to stay connected





who we are


board of directors


staff


young professionals




contact us


10 n russell st, portland, or 97227503-280-2600ulpdx@ulpdx.org  











 





facebookinstagramlinkedintwitter











