




microsoft advertising | end-to-end digital marketing solutions for advertisers and publishers | microsoft advertising






















































                       skip to main content       microsoft    advertising     advertising                                advertising                              home     get started   contact an expert   find a partner       solutions  ad products and formats ad products and formats   display   performance max   retail   search   video and ctv    technology and services technology and services   deal curation   demand-side platform (dsp)   gaming solutions   monetization         tools  planning planning   display data   keyword planner   search data   trending queries    productivity productivity   copilot   editor   import tools   microsoft advertising app    performance performance   audience targeting   automated bidding   conversion tracking         resources  discover discover   case studies   insights   marketing with purpose   webcasts    learn learn   certifications   free consultation   insider newsletter   learning lab    partners and agencies partners and agencies   agency center   partner portal    legal legal   agreements   policies        blog   support    more      sign up           all microsoft   global   microsoft security   azure   dynamics 365   microsoft 365   microsoft teams   windows 365    tech & innovation tech & innovation   microsoft cloud   ai   azure space   mixed reality   microsoft hololens   microsoft viva   quantum computing   sustainability    industries industries   education   automotive   financial services   government   healthcare   manufacturing   retail   all industries    partners partners   find a partner   become a partner   partner network   azure marketplace   appsource    resources resources   blog   microsoft advertising   developer center   documentation   events   licensing   microsoft learn   microsoft research     view sitemap          search search      no results     cancel    sign in               experience new growth possibilities with microsoft advertising today >        





















        discover what's possible
    
microsoft advertising is building a new world of advertising possibilities to empower growth for all.


get started
contact an expert




















powerful solutions for better results
exceed your growth potential and reach billions of people online. leverage microsoft’s new bing and edge, driven by the power of generative artificial intelligence (ai). expand horizons with our exclusive partnerships: netflix, ecosia, duckduckgo, and yahoo, and beyond on the open web. cut through and connect everywhere, anyhow with microsoft advertising.











search
display
video & ctv
retail
performance max
ad technology
gaming








        unleash the power of search
    
help drive sales with users actively searching for your products or services on bing, yahoo, duckduckgo, and other search engines within microsoft’s extensive network and key partnerships.


explore search ads























        engage with visual storytelling
    
tap into global audiences with display and native ads in brand-safe environments across microsoft start, msn, microsoft edge, outlook, microsoft 365, and microsoft casual games.


explore display ads























        combine the impact of video – with the ease and intent of search
    
engage your audience with compelling video content that highlights your brand's story and seamlessly connect with viewers across microsoft properties and a network of publisher partners. whether they're browsing the web, indulging in online videos, or enjoying their favorite series on popular streaming platforms like netflix, max, hulu, roku, and discovery+ your message will be front and center.


explore video and connected tv ads























        expand your brand’s reach
    
reach people ready to buy your products with ad placements in search engine results and retail sites.


explore retail ads






















        maximize your return on investment
    
create and manage your campaigns, optimize ads to reach the right audience at the right time, and drive performance to meet advertising goals—across the entire microsoft advertising network.


explore performance max





















        find new opportunities with microsoft’s advertising technology and services
    
microsoft advertising offers innovative programmatic offerings for both advertisers and publishers. reach new audiences with invest dsp. unlock the value of your inventory with microsoft monetize. create curated inventory packages with curate, and drive brand awareness and product sales with retail media.





















        microsoft gaming solutions
    
shaping the future of in-game advertising by offering opportunities across major gaming surfaces, enabling brands to reach players wherever they play.


explore gaming solutions



























        reach more relevant audiences, wherever, however
    
reach the right audience across their digital life through rich ad experiences, consumer intelligence and within our expansive network, including exclusive partnerships. with microsoft’s consumer experiences, advertisers can reach highly engaged, high-spend audiences.
















        experience the power of our brand-safe platforms
    
use our end-to-end technology to connect to potential customers across microsoft’s trusted and brand-safe environment. extend your reach further with premium publishers in our global marketplace, leveraging your data and ours to help maximize a high return.
















        capture your audience’s attention with richer experiences
    
microsoft is constantly pushing the boundaries of technology, such as integrating generative ai directly into our products. with our innovative tools, you can create captivating campaigns that capture attention, cut through the noise, and deliver exceptional results.






















        copilot in the microsoft advertising platform
    
copilot in the microsoft advertising platform is your ai companion for creating high-quality marketing easily and efficiently, guiding you through campaign creation and answering questions along the way.



explore copilot



















resources to help unlock your potential












webcasts & videos
















case studies
















training and certification
















marketing with purpose 























we’re transforming so you can grow
microsoft advertising has reimagined its advertising business to meet the evolving needs of the ecosystem. in our newly transformed ecosystem, we redefine how you connect with your audiences, wherever they may be, so you can engage at any touchpoint along their digital journey.


learn more 
































case study
how ixigo generated a remarkable 44% total conversions with microsoft’s dynamic search ads


learn more






















case study
green kpis for the win: how microsoft invest helps brands lowering carbon emissions


learn more






















case study
how darmarsklep.pl increased roas 865% with microsoft advertising


learn more



















previous



next



pause



play



slide 1
slide 2
slide 3














        unlock new growth possibilities with microsoft advertising
    

get started 
contact an expert




























chat with a microsoft advertising expert today

receive help with account signup, campaign creation. or general support.



chat now






questions? talk to an expert














change language



english


japanese


french


spanish


german







       what's new   surface pro   surface laptop   surface laptop studio 2   surface laptop go 3   microsoft copilot   ai in windows   explore microsoft products   windows 11 apps     microsoft store   account profile   download center   microsoft store support   returns   order tracking   certified refurbished   microsoft store promise   flexible payments     education   microsoft in education   devices for education   microsoft teams for education   microsoft 365 education   how to buy for your school   educator training and development   deals for students and parents   azure for students       business   microsoft cloud   microsoft security   dynamics 365   microsoft 365   microsoft power platform   microsoft teams   microsoft 365 copilot   small business     developer & it   azure   microsoft developer   documentation   microsoft learn   microsoft tech community   azure marketplace   appsource   visual studio     company   careers   about microsoft   company news   privacy at microsoft   investors   diversity and inclusion   accessibility   sustainability       english (united states)   your privacy choices opt-out icon      your privacy choices     your privacy choices opt-out icon      your privacy choices    consumer health privacy     sitemap   privacy & cookies   manage cookies   terms of use   trademarks   safety & eco   about our ads  © microsoft 2025       
















