

















































 industrial enclosures 






industrial enclosuresenclosure searchaluminumplasticsteel sheetcustomizedaccessories
facebooklinkedintwitteryoutubeyoutubeyoutubedeutschenglish




----------- enclosure search ---------- aluminum enclosures  plastic enclosures  steel sheet enclosures  customized enclosures  accessories ----------- company  contact ------------


home


industrial enclosures from wöhr®the variety of the standardswhether constructed from the beginning according to customer's specifications and in an individual design or manufactured and modified by a special inhouse-treatment of standard components:  
bespoken enclosure solutions are an important field of competence of the richard wöhr gmbh. beside the original core function, the protection of damaging or interfering influences, the requirements for their possible fields of application become more and more complex. the frontiers between modification of standard systems and individual design and construction are thereby rather fluent.
as a system integration supplier, who offers all essential production steps for development, manufacturing and sales inhouse under one roof, the richard wöhr gmbh supports his customers in realizing his ideas during all project phases. 
according to the modular conception, the customers can choose between a complete service package or particular manucfacturing steps. functionality and an optically attractive design, practical value and esthetics don't have to be mutually exclusive. 
on the following sites you can find our whole range of industrial enclosures, including aluminum enclosures, plastic enclosures,steel sheet enclosures and customized enclosures. for sample orders, please use the online order formular. 
we are looking forward to establishing contact with you.here directly to enclosure search >






wöhr®-search







enclosure – search and find!directly to enclosure search >contact addressrichard wöhr gmbhgräfenau 58-60d-75339 höfen/enz
telephone: +49 7081 9540-0faximile: +49 7081 9540-90richard@woehrgmbh.dewww.woehrgmbh.de 
show on google mapsshow on bing mapssample inquiryhere you can ask for a sample quickly and easily 
 
 our delivery servicemore information about our delivery service

quick access to product areas



enclosure construction


input systems


systems engineering


mechanics


surface technology








© richard wöhr gmbh 2025
 | company
 | imprint
 | privacy policy
 | contact
 | terms
 | wöhr gmbh



enclosures

www.industriegehaeuse.de/en
www.prioline.de/en
www.multiprof.de/en
www.solucomp.de/en



input systems

www.touchscreen-solutions.de/en
www.industrietastaturen.de/en
www.folientastaturen.de/en



system technics

www.eingabesysteme.de/en
www.open-frame-module.de/en



surface protection

www.industrielackierungen.de/en
www.medizinoberflaechen.de/en
www.emv-beschichtungen.de/en
www.esd-beschichtungen.de/en




mechanics

www.kundenspezifische-mechanik.de/en








open/close


            call us:
            +49 7081 9540-0


or we call you back:








arrange a video / web conference 


request callback
for information on the use of data entered here.





            the request was successfully sent,
            we call you back!
        




