



















movie tickets & movie times | fandango

























































































 

                            screen reader users:
                            to optimize your experience with your screen reading software,
                            please use our flixster.com website,
                            which has the same tickets as our fandango.com and movietickets.com websites.
                        




                        skip to main content
                    











go


































movies







theaters







fanstore







at home







movie news







sign in/join










gift cards
offers


                watch peacock
            






offers



go to previous offer






spice things up this valentine's day
buy 2 tickets, get 1 free for you me & her







collectors, assemble!
suit up & get the captain america collector pack







round up your movie for kids
help the boys & girls clubs of america







get a whole year of peacock for $29.99
limited time offer. terms apply.







the 2025 rotten tomatoes awards
honoring the best movies & tv





go to next offer






movie tickets and times





movies in theaters
see all movies




















go to previous films










captain america: brave new world (2025)











paddington in peru (2025)











dog man (2025)













heart eyes (2025)











becoming led zeppelin (2025)











captain america collector pack











attack on titan the movie: the last attack (2025)











love hurts (2025)











companion (2025)













you, me & her (2025)











one of them days (2025)











a complete unknown (2024)











flight risk (2025)











mufasa: the lion king (2024)











wicked (2024)







go to more films












coming soon to theaters
















go to previous films










last breath (2025)











the monkey (2025)











superboys of malegaon (2025)











the unbreakable boy (2025)











the chosen: last supper part 1











imagine dragons: live from the hollywood bowl (with the la film orchestra) (2025)











my dead friend zoe (2025)











mickey 17 (2025)











cleaner (2025)











black bag (2025)











novocaine (2025)











the day the earth blew up: a looney tunes movie (2024)











a minecraft movie (2025)











no address











disney's snow white (2025)







go to more films












watch at home
see all movies
















go to previous films










flight risk











red one











one of them days











moana 2











wolf man











nickel boys











better man











september 5











sonic the hedgehog 3











gladiator ii











wicked











den of thieves 2: pantera











suze











nosferatu











anora











babygirl











sing sing











werewolves











kraven the hunter











elevation











the substance











heretic







go to more films










features








go to previous featured item









the cast of 'captain america: brave new world'
anthony mackie, harrison ford, giancarlo esposito, danny ramirez, shira haas and director julius onah share mcu secrets











10 inspirational paddington quotes
celebrate the release of 'paddington in peru' with these words of wisdom











oscars 2025: where to watch the nominees
how to catch up on 'the brutalist,' 'wicked' and other oscar-nominated movies











all the big game trailers & movie spots
the football season is over, but the movie year is just beginning






go to next featured item









theaters near you



enter city, state, or zipcode






see more theaters






























offers
see all offers




save $15 on the undead 5-film collection image link




save $15 on the undead 5-film collection
buy a ticket to heart eyes, save $15 on the undead 5-film collection to watch at home.

buy tickets




spice things up this valentine's day! image link




spice things up this valentine's day!
buy 2 tickets, get 1 free - equal or lesser value up to $20 ticket price and fees. while supplies last.

get tickets




introducing fandango fanclub! image link




introducing fandango fanclub!
fanclub provides exclusive benefits that help you save money every time you go to the movies with monthly credits, fee-free tickets, and unique perks.

join now




tide movie ticket offer image link




tide movie ticket offer
buy 1 participating tide pods product and get a $12 fandango movie ticket*

learn more






new & coming soon






captain america: brave new world (2025)







paddington in peru (2025)







dog man (2025)







heart eyes (2025)







becoming led zeppelin (2025)







the monkey (2025)







a complete unknown (2024)







last breath (2025)








experience + explore

movies in theaters
movie actors and actresses
mobile
new for streaming
special offers
gift cards



editorial features

awards watch
indie movie guide
family guide
house of screams
movie news



videos

movie trailers
weekly ticket
mom's movie minute



photos

red carpet premieres
february celebrity birthdays
award show galleries






follow us

fandango on facebook
fandango on twitter
fandango on instagram
fandango on youtube



get fandango apps

fandango ios app
fandango android app









                            check gift card balance
                        



                            refunds & exchanges
                        



                            help
                        



                            my account
                        










                                about fandango
                            



                                careers
                            



                                link to us
                            



                                affiliate program
                            



                                fandango rewards
                            



                                site index
                            



                                ad choices
                            



                                privacy policy
                            








                                california notice
                            



                                terms and policies
                            



                                accessibility
                            





fandango affiliated companies:


                            fandango at home
                        



                            movieclips
                        



                            rotten tomatoes
                        



                            flixster.com
                        



                            movietickets.com
                        





                advertise with us
            




        

        © 2025 fandango |

        
            a division of nbcuniversal
        






limited time offer
close



spice things up this valentine's day!



                terms and conditions: limited time offer. while supplies last. there is a limited quantity of code redemptions allowed in this promotion. when you purchase two or more movie tickets in one order at fandango.com or via the fandango app to see you me and her at a participating fandango theater in the us, use the fandango promotional code buy2get1 (“code”) to get one additional ticket of equal or lesser value (up to $20 total ticket price and associated fees and charges) for the same showtime. code must be entered at checkout. code expires, and can no longer be used, on 2/18/25, or when you me and her is no longer in theaters, or when the limit of code redemptions has been reached, whichever comes first. only valid for purchase of movie tickets made at fandango.com or via the fandango app and cannot be redeemed directly at any theater box office. if lost or stolen, cannot be replaced. no cash value, except as required by law. void where prohibited. not valid with any other offer. offer valid in u.s. and d.c., excluding u.s. territories and where prohibited by law. one-time use only. not for resale; void if sold or exchanged. you may have to pay taxes additionally. if cost of the ticket (including associated fees and charges) obtained through the code is more than maximum value of the code, then you must pay the difference. any price difference between movie ticket obtained and maximum value of the code will not be refunded. excludes multiple admission tickets. limit 1 code per person. fandango loyalty solutions, llc is not a sponsor or co-sponsor of this offer. the redemption of the code is subject to fandango’s terms and policies at www.fandango.com/terms-and-policies. fandango and the fandango logo are registered trademarks of fandango media, llc.
            

                get tickets
            






special offer
close



suit up and get the captain america collector pack, featuring an exclusive collector's coin, limited-edition poster, and one movie ticket!



                captain america collector pack bundle is non-refundable. while supplies last. movie ticket is non-refundable and non-exchangeable. you must be 18 years of age or older to purchase a bundle. you must have, and be logged into, a fandango at home account to buy your bundle. the exclusive collectible coin and poster will begin shipping in the month of february. please use a physical address where the collectible coin and poster shipment can be delivered. once carrier confirms delivery, fandango is not responsible for lost or stolen deliveries. see full terms and conditions at https://www.fandangomovietickets.com/captainamericapack.
            

                learn more
            






round up your movie for kids
close



round up your movie ticket purchase to the nearest dollar and donate the balance to boys & girls clubs of america. funds raised through fandango’s round up will be donated to support kids and create special moviegoing adventures for club members and staff.  





                buy tickets
            






special offer
close



say no to putting on real pants and yes to a whole year of peacock for $29.99. stay in and watch movies, your favorite series, current nbc and bravo shows, live sports, and more. 



                limited time offer. after offer ends, plan auto-renews at the then-current retail price (plus tax) until you cancel. eligibility restrictions and terms apply.
            

                join now
            






the 2025 rotten tomatoes awards
close



honoring the best movies & tv





                learn more
            























