



 















 


science news learning - society for science












































skip to content
















































































science competitions 

scientific integrity: a core value 
regeneron science talent search 
regeneron international science and engineering fair 
thermo fisher scientific junior innovators challenge 
affiliated fair network 


journalism 

science news 
science news explores 
the jon c. graff, phd prize 


outreach & equity 

advocate program 
middle school research teachers conference 
high school research teachers conference 
science news learning 
research at home 
stem action grants 
stem research grants 


get involved 



about 

mission and history 
100 years of impact 
team 
board of trustees 
honorary board 
national leadership council 
annual report 
financial information 
jobs and internships 


press room 

blog 
press releases 


alumni 

alumni community 
sts alumni 
isef alumni 
middle school competition alumni 
alumni honors 
conversations with maya 
notable alumni 
white house photo gallery 
join the society alumni network 


store 
contact us 
donate 
search 
 




close the menu







site search



search




close the sitewide search














                science news learning
            
at science news learning, we’re dedicated to expanding student science literacy across the u.s. by supporting a community of nearly 6,000 middle and high schools and more than 17,000 educators with equitable access to science news media group’s award-winning print and online journalism, an expansive library of ready-to-use lesson plans, each designed to incorporate recent applications in stem research into core curricula, and stem literacy professional development opportunities.
regeneron and other sponsors are fully sponsoring the program for interested public schools, including 122 districts or geographic cohorts, which gives program access to nearly 6 million students. over 60% of our schools are title i eligible.
interested in the program? express interest in signing up your school. learn more about the program resources from this science news learning program brochure.















sign up your school

educators, become a part of the science news learning community by expressing interest in signing up your school










enroll your district

stem coordinators, enroll your district to receive specialized support for your unique district goals.










support the program

each year we have a waitlist of schools that need support to become enrolled in the program. commit to supporting student science literacy today.









                educator portal
            
is your school already enrolled in science news learning? educators, log in to this portal to access the journalism sites and hundreds of ready-to-use lesson plans. lesson plans help you integrate articles by core concepts while teaching science and engineering practices, data analysis and literacy.

                    explore the educator portal
                






                        explore the educator portal
                    





                science news learning ambassadors
            

the science news learning ambassadors are educators from across the country who have been inspiring their middle and high school science students with science news journalism for years! they are science news learning expert teachers who want to share their love of teaching science literacy using current, real-life examples with others throughout the school year. ambassadors partner with program staff to give meaningful feedback and develop new, creative lesson plans using science news learning resources and solutions for their own classrooms.


                    meet the ambassadors
                






                        meet the ambassadors
                    





				hear from science news learning teachers
			

hear how current science news learning teachers are using the program resources in their classrooms by reading our testimonials page!


					read our teacher testimonials
				




			professional learning
		







sign up for professional development

collaborate with program educators about classroom connections, build a resource in real time, and earn a pd certificate by attending a professional development session.










watch program webinars

learn more about the program by watching a webinar.










join the educator community

share ideas in our society educators facebook group and get notified about opportunities from all of the society’s science education programs.







from the society blog






october 11, 2024

regeneron scientists inspire next generation in science news learning classrooms








april 5, 2024

learn about the great american eclipse with society for science








september 27, 2023

science news learning ambassadors series: kehkashan khan







                            program sponsors
                    






			questions?
		



email us!



frequently asked questions





							champions for science education
					

			more ways the society supports science educators
		







advocate program

discover how we build stem access by helping mentors support underrepresented and low-income students to enter research projects in scientific or engineering competitions.










high school research teachers conference

each year the society brings 200 high school research teachers to washington, d.c. for a weekend of sharing best practices and collaboration.










middle school research teachers conference

each year the society brings 100 middle school research teachers to washington, d.c. for a weekend of sharing best practices and collaboration.










stem research grants

the society awards stem research grants to teachers across the nation to purchase equipment to assist their students in completing science research.










research at home

resources, advice, and stories of inspiration on completing research outside of a traditional laboratory environment.










stem action grants

stem action grants are given to innovative organizations and non-profits that promote stem education.

























































































facebook





twitter





instagram





flickr





youtube





linkedin





threads








				who we are
			




							- mission and history
						



							- team
						



							- annual report
						



							- financial information
						



							- jobs and internships
						



							- contact us
						






				competitions
			




							- affiliated fair network
						



							- thermo fisher scientific junior innovators challenge
						



							- regeneron isef
						



							- regeneron science talent search
						






				get involved
			




							- donate
						



							- participate
						



							- partner
						



							- volunteer
						






				outreach & equity
			




							- advocate program
						



							- middle school research teachers conference
						



							- high school research teachers conference
						



							- science news learning
						



							- stem action grants
						



							- stem research grants
						






				science news
			




							- subscribe
						



							- renew your subscription
						



							- gift subscription
						



							- update your account
						






				science news explores
			




							- subscribe
						



							- gift subscription
						





					celebrate
			



							- notable alumni
						



							- white house photo gallery
						



							- society centennial: 100 years of impact
						



							- science news: century of science
						



							- the society store
						






				© 2025 society for science & the public
				1719 n street, n.w., washington, d.c. 20036 |
				202.785.2255
				society for science & the public is a
				501(c)(3) nonprofit organization.
rights & permissions
				|
				privacy policy








 




























