














riding sun | www.ridingsun.blogspot.com




























riding sun















home
posts rss
comments rss
edit























some great advice on how to start your own business online! 

for more information please visit www.onlinejobhunter.info







the onion scoops the new york times




the onion, august 20, 2003:
i have an ipod — in my mind

i'm sure you've seen a lot of tech-savvy people smugly showing off that new hunk of entertainment hardware, the ipod personal stereo. well, i might not have the scratch to get one, but frankly, i don't want the white-corded wonder. i have my very own ipod — in my mind.

i hear those little things carry up to a month's worth of music. well, so does my mind. i can call up any song i've ever heard, any time i want. and i never have to load software or charge batteries. there are no firewire cords or docks to mess with. i just put my hands behind my head, lean back, and select a tune from the extensive music-library folder inside my brain.the new york times, july 12, 2005:
neuron network goes awry, and brain becomes an ipod

seven years ago reginald king was lying in a hospital bed recovering from bypass surgery when he first heard the music.

it began with a pop tune, and others followed. mr. king heard everything from cabaret songs to christmas carols. "i asked the nurses if they could hear the music, and they said no," said mr. king, a retired sales manager in cardiff, wales.

"i got so frustrated," he said. "they didn't know what i was talking about and said it must be something wrong with my head. and it's been like that ever since."
» read more...







0
comments



monday, august 8
posted by
sam
















older posts





subscribe to:
posts (atom)










friends

online job hunter
bolour
tommyblak
british job hunter
best skyrim race
jobow



archives





august (14)


july (67)


june (50)


may (72)


april (74)


march (70)


february (90)


january (78)


december (30)








pages



home






powered by blogger.




followers
















sponsored











riding sun © 2004-2012





