










explore senior living | good samaritan society 














































society
foundation





 
schedule a tour












 









society
foundation



pay bill


about


careers


contact us



(855) 466-3726







 




services
                    





senior living


long-term care


rehabilitation therapy


home-based services


caregiver support


referral partners




locations


resources


our stories






















 














schedule a tour












senior housing and services, rooted in god’s love

at the good samaritan society, you aren’t just a customer. we believe you’re someone who deserves to be treated with respect, dignity and compassion.


 





















live the life you want with the care you choose







senior living




                                        independent living
                                        






                                        senior apartments
                                        






                                        twin homes or duplexes
                                        






                                        assisted living
                                        






                                        memory care assisted living
                                        


















caregiver support





                                            adult day services
                                            






                                            child daycare
                                            






                                            respite care
                                            












home-based services





                                            home health
                                            






                                            home care
                                            






                                            telehealth
                                            






                                            hospice
                                            












long-term care





                                            memory care
                                            






                                            men's behavioral care
                                            






                                            huntington’s disease care
                                            












rehabilitation therapy





                                            inpatient rehabilitation
                                            






                                            outpatient rehabilitation
                                            






                                            occupational therapy
                                            






                                            physical therapy
                                            






                                            speech therapy
                                            















good samaritan society - founder's crossing


                learn more about our newest senior living continuum of care campus, located in sioux falls, south dakota. we are excited to welcome residents starting in 2026.
            


                take a peek
            





good samaritan stories


                                see all stories
                            








pattie fitzpatrick rediscovers her purpose through art
pattie fitzpatrick has been creating art for as long as she can remember. as a resident at good samaritan society – sioux falls village, she appreciates how it fills her days with purpose.


                                    read more
                                






at 85, veteran is cherished nursing home volunteer
good samaritan society enlists art harris four days a week to keep residents company.


                                    watch story
                                






rural society location is proud to offer rehab therapy to the community
                                    the rehab therapy team at good samaritan society – bloomfield feels fortunate to be able to offer physical, occupational and speech therapy to their rural nebraska community.
                                

                                    watch story
                                








connect with us


                sign up for the good samaritan society's newsletter to learn about our mission and how we're making a difference. stay up-to-date on health information, events, services, and more.
            


                subscribe
            








 




citrix login


pay my bill






employees


careers






release of information


legal and privacy of health information






become a vendor


senior companions

































the evangelical lutheran good samaritan society (the society) is an equal opportunity employer, including disability and status as a protected veteran, and complies with applicable federal, state, and local civil rights laws. the society does not exclude, deny benefits to, or otherwise discriminate against any individual on the basis of race, color, national origin, religion, disability, sex, or familial status in admission to, participation in, or receipt of the services and benefits under any of its programs and activities, and in staff and employee assignments to individuals, whether carried out by the society directly or through a contractor or any other entity with which the society arranges to carry out its programs and activities. all faiths or beliefs are welcome.
the designated person responsible for coordinating efforts to comply with section 504 and section 1557 requirements is discrimination reporting coordinator: 1557504coordinator@good-sam.com, 4800 w. 57th street, sioux falls, sd 57108; phone: (605) 362-3100. for telecommunications relay service, dial 711.
the evangelical lutheran good samaritan society is a 501(c)(3) public charity. your gifts are tax-deductible within irs limitations.
notice of nondiscrimination and accessibility requirements
© 2023 the evangelical lutheran good samaritan society. all rights reserved. 







