




 


idaho automobile dealers association, inc. - home



 





log in












 
save

"driving idaho!"
 




home




about iada



iada services & programs




endorsed services




president's letter




board of directors




iada staff




contact







events



board meetings




"driving idaho!" iada fall district meetings




annual convention



2022 convention gallery




2021 convention gallery










membership



dealership membership




associate membership




autopac/deac







sponsors



our sponsors




become a sponsor







resources



compliance timeline update




time dealer of the year



time dealer award nominee 2024




time dealer award nominee 2023




time dealer award nominee 2022







driving idaho's economy 2016








iada 2025 convention
august 24 - august 27, 2025
sun valley resort - sun valley, idaho
https://reservations.travelclick.com/73132?groupid=4519094
reservation phone number 800 786-8259



iada 2024 convention - coeur d' alene, idaho gallery






































































home




governor little signed our h689 into law on wednesday, march 26, 2024. this is a big winfor our franchised dealers, the franchise model, our industry partners, and for free
markets in idaho.
this is a culmination of two years of hard work…the passing of two separate franchise
bills that lay the foundation for our dealer's future success and the continuation of the
franchise model here in idaho. this is emphasized in the photo by the attendance of
dave, miles, and james edmark, representing three generations of franchised idaho
dealers.
this bill does not pass without the support of our board, our involved dealers, the
support of our legislators, and the support of our credit union partners. thank you all for
your hard work and support.thank you,jim

 







welcome!    

the iada has been working hard to develop a new communication strategy to keep our members up to date on all things affecting the automotive industry in idaho. as part of this strategy, a new look for the website with more communicative features.iada members are now able to login in to access "member's only" areas including our online member's directory.  we now have blogs where we can keep you up to date on current legislature issues as they happen.  forums are available to encourage discussion on certain subjects. meet our board members in the "about iada" section.in addition to these features, we still have the same information we have always provided.  find out about our product and services, our endorsed services, our upcoming events, and learn who our current sponsors are.we are excited to open up the conversation between our members, and look forward to hearing from you.

      subscribe for monthly reports                                       order forms & supplies 

idrr sign up sheet.pdf  please email to:     terria@idahoada.org 

 order iada-202 non-arb retail installment contract

order iada-303 arb retail installment contract
 

order iada-4 idaho credit application


iada = "driving idaho!"

become a part of the iada! every individual and every voice in any industry is important; but 
through the combined efforts of many individuals with many voices joined
 together in association, greater benefits are provided and far reaching
 changes are made. this is the idaho automobile dealers association!  read more>>









thank you to all our partners








iada diamond partners




























iada gold partners
 















iada silver partners




























 







iada 2024 convention event sponsors

























copyright © 2016 idaho automobile dealers association, inc. 223 n 6th st suite 100 boise, id 83702idaho automobile dealers association, inc. is a 501(c)6 non-profit organization.





powered by wild apricot membership software









