


rare sports films - vintage baseball videos sports auto racing football dvds sporting events
























							
								welcome to the website of rare sportsfilms, inc! this is your home for old-time sports on high quality dvd!  we specialize in baseball and auto racing, but are also experts in football, professional basketball and pro golf tournament films of years gone by! all of our material is vintage and original. our dvd's are unique, in that they have better color and picture clarity than anything you have ever seen before on video covering this period of sports! give our company a  try - you won't be disappointed. click here to find out more about rare sportsfilms and visit our what's new page for information about our newest titles.
								
								
sign up to receive our periodic newsletter.






















newsletter archive























 

baseball filmswe offer restored films of the bygone days of baseball now on high quality dvd!  for baseball dvd's, all with 100% original footage, please follow these links.
								
								
world series baseball films
other baseball films





 

football films
								we offer high quality dvd's of vintage football, all with 100% original footage!
							



 

auto racing films
								we offer high quality dvd's of vintage auto racing, all with 100% original footage!
							



 

other sports films
								we also offer high quality dvd's of other vintage sports films such as pro golf tournament films, pro basketball, and hockey.
							









rare sportsfilms, inc. is always looking to buy old, rare 16mm films on baseball, nfl pro football, nba and aba basketball, pro golf tournament films, films on vintage nascar racing and especially the indianapolis 500! - find out more.

we're proud of our outstanding service --- all orders are usually filled the same day received, so you get one week delivery!  we accept both mastercard and visa.

here's what sports fans are saying about videos purchased from "rare sportsfilms inc":


								"my first order arrived here last week and i've played the tapes over and over.  like you say, the color and quality are super.  i've bought others from video movie shops but they don't compare with yours!" - herb roque, perth amboy, new jersey

								"you can now add me to the list of people who are amazed at the quality of your tapes!  the color and quality of the 1965 world series is virtually perfect, certainly better than i would have thought possible after watching the typical videos available in the sports marketplace today!" - ross nerenberg, houston, texas

								"just a quick note to thank you for the fast service on my recent order.  the picture clarity was amazing and i intend to order many more in the future". - lee bentley, ashtabula, ohio
								












auto racing films | football films | baseball films | ohio state marching band | other sports | about us | what's new

1126 tennyson lane naperville, illinois 60540
					(630) 527-8890
doakewing@raresportsfilms.com











