




bajaj bikes and honda motorcycles exporter | afro asiatic exporters, mumbai

















 
   afro asiatic exporters 
sakinaka, mumbai, maharashtragst no. 27aaffa1417q1zb


introduction & profiles/our products/contact us








 we are one of the leading trader and a government of india recognised export house  of a wide range of optimum quality motorcycles & scooters, its spares & accessories.
honda dio scooter
honda sp 125
suzuki access 125 bs6
suzuki gixxer sf
yamaha fascino 125 fi bs6
yamaha r15 m
tvs king 4s three wheeler
piaggio ape city




 

call 0804605950250% response rate 
send e-mail




about afro asiatic exporters 


nature of businessretailertotal number of employees11 to 25 peoplegst registration date01-07-2017legal status of firmpartnershipannual turnover25 - 100 crimport export code (iec)03881*****gst no.27aaffa1417q1zbstarted our operation in the year 1983, we, "afro asiatic exporters" are one of the prominent exporter of a broad assortment of best in class motorcycles & scooters. the product range offered by us is inclusive of  hero scooters, honda scooters and many more. in order to ensure high standards of quality, the offered automobiles and spare parts are procured from trusted vendors of the industry. due to the low power consumption, high mileage and attractive ...read morestarted our operation in the year 1983, we, "afro asiatic exporters" are one of the prominent exporter of a broad assortment of best in class motorcycles & scooters. the product range offered by us is inclusive of  hero scooters, honda scooters and many more. in order to ensure high standards of quality, the offered automobiles and spare parts are procured from trusted vendors of the industry. due to the low power consumption, high mileage and attractive appearance, these automobiles offered by us are highly demanded in the market. we offer our patrons with multiple modes of payment such as cash, online and credit card, keeping their convenience and budget constraints in our mind. offered by us at reasonable prices, these automobiles and spare parts are highly appreciated among our patrons. our trading brands are bajaj, yamaha, honda, suzuki, tvs, hero, lml, and vespa.we have been able to meet the bulk orders within the assured time frame, owing to our rich vendor base and well-equipped warehousing unit. we are exporting our products all over world.know more


awards and achievements
government of india recognised export houseview moredistribution network
as a dealer we have an appreciable database of distributors who help us in expanding our business. our networking system helps us to grow in a very concrete manner. we have spread our wing to different geographical locations of the world and are well connected to them. we possess good communication systems that enable us to maintain good professional relations and thus help grow our business.view more



motorcycles & scooters
bajaj bikes bajaj pulsar 125cc bajaj pulsar ns 160 bike bajaj pulsar n250view more
honda motorcycles honda sp 125 honda hornet 2.o honda unicorn  bs6view more
tvs scooters tvs ntorq scooter tvs jupiter 110cc bs6 tvs jupiter classic 110cc bs6view more
tvs motorcycles tvs star city plus motorcycle tvs raider motorcycle tvs apache rr310 motorcycleview more
show all categories

product videos bajaj pulsar 125ccget best quote bajaj pulsar ns 160 bikeget best quote bajaj pulsar n250get best quote bajaj pulsar 200get best quote watch more videosx


 




tell us what are you looking for ?





















mr. ms. mrs. dr. 

thank youyour enquiry has been sent successfully.


kindly describe your requirement.





 your contact information:(not me)     


    






find ussudhir mehra (partner)  afro asiatic exportersb/206, sagar tech plaza, 2nd floor, andheri kurla road, andheri east, sakinaka, mumbai - 400072, maharashtra, indiacall response rate: 50% send smssend e-mailshare us: 

 corporate video






our company
introduction & profiles 
our products 
corporate video 
sitemap 
contact us  
 © afro asiatic exporters all rights reserved (terms of use)developed and managed by indiamart intermesh limited








