





home - vermont youth conservation corps






































































 








skip to content


 














join our email list
donate





search







what we do

what we do
featured projects
project map ↗


join

join us
positions
life on a vycc crew
apply – crew members
apply – crew leaders


support

support
give now
make a future gift
corporate & business support
volunteer


alumni

alumni resources with vycc
resources beyond vycc


about

mission, values & history
news
visit & shop
contact the team
board members
partners


 









 
roll up your sleeves.

vermont youth conservation corps has been cultivating leaders since 1985. our programs offer paid, outdoor service experiences for people ages 15 and up. corps members build skills in conservation, agriculture and leadership while improving the health of vermont’s water, forests, working lands and outdoor recreation infrastructure. vycc is a nonprofit organization with a mission to take action and build community by working and learning together with the land.


since 1985 


2,490,585
service hours

6,937
participants

$21,466,000
paid to participants
join us

learn more



take action. build community. care for the land. get paid.
are you 15 or older, looking for a job you’ll never forget? join vycc to work outdoors in summer (and spring/fall) positions. we can’t wait to meet you!


provide people with the resources they need to be safe and comfortable, and they will be driven by their own interests and motivation to learn. i’m shaping my ideas of leadership. this is my opportunity. i love it.– jing, she/her, conservation member & leader

support our work

learn more



create paid service experiences for young adults. support healthier forests and water across vermont. improve food access across northern vermont. and so much more. your generosity is what makes our work–and its impact–possible!




blog 



 optimistic outlook
this fall we asked corps members what they are hopeful about, and they had a lot to say.
read more


 health care share: new insights
a new report digs into this program’s impact – and why this work is core to our mission.
read more


 skills and service
our farming and conservation projects not only offer valuable training and skills for crews—they’re also acts of service.
read more




featured projects 











reducing erosionin highgate: a new rain garden, check dams, and 730 planted trees and shrubs reduce erosion into the missisquoi river.read morerestoring clayplain forestsalong lake champlain, forest health crews planted native trees and shrubs, and removed invasive species, to restore abandoned farmland and forests.watch videohealth care share: national award winner!health care share: national award winner!read moreslowing the flow of waterin cambridge, two crews improved water quality in a unique habitat.watch videonational life trail: national award winner!the 2014 “project of the year” award from the corps network goes to…read morefarm standvycc corps members built vycc’s charming roadside farm stand in 2020 and have run it every season since.read more
i joined vycc because i knew it would open up opportunities in the future, i got to work outside, and work with an organization trying to make a difference.– jack, he/him, conservation member & leader 


vycc on instagram 






marley jordan served as an americorps farm product


 





are you eager to get outdoors and make a differenc


 





check out seven days vt in print and online to rea






working outdoors feels good. corps members tell us


 





sometimes you get extra encouragement from a frien


 





working outdoors leads to many great outcomes. sop


 








 





there are many ways to get involved with vycc. isa


 





that's a wrap on 2024 program season! it's been a 


 





two opportunities to join vycc's food & farm progr


 





it’s so special to welcome the community into ou


 





a crew is improving remote sites that got washed o


 





just a little friday de-rig. have a great weekend!


 





members and leaders build incredible skills in the


 





please support these community-minded businesses a


 


 





 






1949 east main street, richmond, vt 05477

          phone: 802-434-3969 x200  /  
          email: info@vycc.org  /  
          team directory


apply  /  
          visit & shop  /  
          volunteer  /  
          partner  /   
          latest news & media inquiries













vycc is a 501c3 nonprofit organization.
ein: 03-0328834








© 2025 vermont youth conservation corps







sign up to our email list today!









email address *



first name *



last name *







* indicates required
        
































