












	nch corporation > about nch





























english (united states)
español (españa, alfabetización internacional)
deutsch (deutschland)
čeština (česká republika)
ελληνικά (ελλάδα)
dansk (danmark)
français (belgique)
français (france)
italiano (italia)
português (portugal)
română (românia)
eesti (eesti)
polski (polska)
türkçe (türkiye)
suomi (suomi)
magyar (magyarország)
slovenčina (slovenská republika)
norsk, nynorsk (noreg)
slovenski (slovenija)
svenska (sverige)
nederlands (nederland)













about nch
overview
products and solutions
philosophy
philosophy
sales philosophy
global ehs policies
human rights policy


leadership
history


brands & divisions
global presence
business directory
global directory


careers
contact us




























 
 cleaning & conserving water 

conserving energy 

providing maintenance & care 
 







 





.
.
.
.
.
.
.



 




















career development


nch history



nch has a strong commitment to diversity, which makes it a fun place to work. we are a truly global organization where people have found friendships with respected colleagues across continents.










with a variety of backgrounds, strengths, and passions, nch corporate associates help keep the business running. we have talented, team-oriented individuals who are motivated to get the job done. recognizing the value of the individual, nch supports and develops its associates to ensure that each individual has opportunities to grow. if you have a strong desire to join a company who will help  you reach your professional goals, a corporate career with nch may be right for you!


cleaning water, conserving energy and delivering maintenance solutions since 1919. national disinfectant company, the original incarnation of nch corporation, was founded in dallas, texas, by milton p. levy in 1919. levy's three sons, lester, milton jr., and irvin, started working in the company warehouse and shipping areas as teenagers. today, nch distributes to more than 50 countries with an extensive and varied product line, and our outlook for growth in the market remains strong. the leadership of the company remains in the hands of the levy family, descendants of the founder, milton p. levy, senior.
 




more          


more






























copyright © 2025 by nch corporation







disclosures | 
terms of use | 
privacy policy





 










