



benton ky dentist gentle dental care - dr sells orthodontics braces tmj tmd sedation cosmetic dentistry marshall county western purchase area paducah kentucky ky

























meet dr. prather
meet our team
patient testimonials
community involvement
smile gallery


video library
latest technology
sedation dentistry
laser dentistry
cosmetic dentistry
veneers
teeth whitening
dental implants
orthodontics
"invisible" braces
dentures
tmj / tmd
family dentistry


map and hours
payment and insurance
new patient forms
post treatment info
smile gallery






















      our caring staff will provide you with the highest quality care. our staff has been selected for their caring friendly attitudes as well as their highly qualified technical skills. we understand the needs of our patients and take great pride in our work. feel free to ask anyone for assistance. we are all here to serve you. 
our commitment to you 
our dental office is committed to your improved health. our main emphasis is on prevention. preventing disease is less costly and more rewarding than correcting problems once they occur. good health is no accident. it is the result of good habits, proper nutrition, and regular professional care. we offer the latest technology available in all aspects of dental care including: cosmetic dentistry, sedation dentistry, orthodontics, tmj /tmd treatment and laser dentistry.









discount wellness program
          (for patients without insurance)


only $264 per year for 
                established patients and 
                covers all cleanings, xrays 
                and exams for the year as 
                well as 15% off any
additional treatment!



            $385 for new patients the first year with the same coverage, then only $264 on the renewal.




 


sedation dentistry
orthodontics
latest technology


laser dentistry
tmj / tmd
dentures


cosmetic dentistry
restorative dentistry
dental implants




 




click here
              to view
              our services




dental
assisting
              school 




click here
              to view
              our video library




 
















home
about us
services
promotions
no cavity club
new patient info
contact us




© copyright 2000- dental 
    websmith, inc. and randon s. prather, d.m.d., p.s.c. all rights reserved.
disclaimer: the information provided within is intended to help you 
    better understand
    dental conditions and procedures. it is not meant to serve as delivery of 
    medical or dental
    care. if you have specific questions or concerns, contact your health care 
    provider.
privacy policy

 












