







homepage of voice of the watchman












































urgent!!!

if
							people have suddenly 
disappeared 
							from all over the world...








							in the event of the catching 
							away of the church (some call it the 
							rapture), and millions of people have  disappeared 
							all over the earth, and you have been



left behind,




							then click here 
and read a 
							special letter just for you!



						about a 
						season of pain and deliverance, 
						and an apology  from james coldiron to warriors of 
						god










click here to read the 
								warriors of god forums rules of posting
 






alien 
							abductions?
extraterrestrial aliens 
							or are they extradimensional fallen angels and 
							demons?  could abductions be demonic?  did 
							you know that there are documented cases of 
							abductions being stopped cold by the person pleading 
							the blood of jesus christ?






it works, and in fact i 
							personally know it to be true.  have you been a 
							victim of one of these?  
click here.
 



						 
click on these 
		titles to the study or message:




the tragedy or 
						blunder of predicting a date of jesus' return



		when will the antichrist 

		be revealed according 

		to scripture?





why must we pray?  
						



						the 10 virgins




7 things that god hates   
						

jude: the apostasy




		learning spiritual warfare
 




the sabbath today!
 
		







			using god's force



why must we pray, and what is prayer?
 


we are not appointed to wrath - 1 
	thessalonians 5 and the day of the lord
 






betrayal - when someone you 
					love kisses you in the dark (judas)




the 3 conditions of the last 
					days church


dead flies in the anointing


the venom of the pharisees




						the voice of the watchman
						and



		warriors of god
site and forums 
		are built and maintained by james dale coldiron a.k.a. 
		firestorm 
		(on the forums)
		james has been in fulltime ministry since 1989, and has served as an 
		evangelist, pastor, and teacher.    james, as others in 
		this last generation of this age, has been called as a "watchman" 
		crying out the call to repent for the lord is coming soon!
he is 
		currently involved in a verse by verse bible study/commentary project 
		called the 
		watchman bible commentary.  many of 
		the studies and teaching series are taken from this project begun in 
		1988 with the initial study of 
		daniel and revelation.

		if you want to leave a message for james, then send one to him 
		(firestorm005) via 


yuku's warriors of god, 
		or
		

email him at this address.



						or you can contact me on 

facebook








								america  turns 
								to the demonic:
happening
								 now!
 






								yes and amen!

win the 
								1st battleground of the "human mind" 

 










top of page



								 




click to find out 
								the fundamentals of what we believe at voice of 
								the watchman and warriors of god.

it is not me or any 
				person who has the answers, but we can tell you who the answer 
						is. 
				jesus christ is the answer.  the power of the holy spirit sets people free when they call 
				out on and believe upon jesus christ.  
						the word of god exposes even the lies of this deceptive age, and 
				brings hope to those who have been oppressed by the devil.
						 jesus christ is the 
				answer, and we shall minister 
				the word and glorify jesus christ.  

 
church, it 
				is time to step up in this 11th hour and be the church in jesus' 
				name. 

 click the earth logo to read more.



 
 
 
 
 

				  




 
 
 

revive us, o lord!

a call to 
				solemn assembly


a 
				bible study on calling for a 
				

solemn assembly and seeking the face of god for 
				true revival.  the land is sick with the 
				spiritual sickness of "sin".  
				only a visitation of the presence of god can heal the land.  
				a solemn assembly is called when 
				the people of god wake up and recognize their need to 
				repent and seek god's face not only for themselves, but 
				for their communities.  






 it is time for 
				the "american" church to awaken and repent, and seek the face of 
				god for a restoration revival.  it is time to 
				blow the shofar and call for a fast!

2 
				chronicles 7:14 " 14 if my people, which are called by my name, 
				shall humble themselves, and pray, and seek my face, and turn 
				from their wicked ways; then will i hear from heaven, and will 
				forgive their sin, and will heal their land. "

 the 
				textual outlines can be found here, and an audio segment for the 
				internet will be added as time allows in real audio format.

						 

 










top of page
 
		
 
 
		
 
		
 
		

							  
it's 
							what god says that counts, and not our opinions... 
							have you ever just wanted to shake some sense into 
							someone telling them, "hey buddy... it doesn't 
							matter what you say is right and wrong... and just 
							because you make fun of the "good" doesn't make it 
							evil... and just because you say that evil is a good 
							thing doesn't make it so... you "will" answer to 
							god for every thing you ever said or convinced 
							others to believe, and you cannot escape that." 
							wake up! god declares a "woe", which is a 
							calamity... a judgement... the wrath of god falling 
							on you if you twist what is good and evil and make a 
							stand on it:

							isaiah 5:20 (nkjv) " woe to those who call evil 
							good, and good evil; who put darkness for light, and 
							light for darkness; who put bitter for sweet, and 
							sweet for bitter! "

							it really does not count as much as a "flea or mite" 
							what you or i think is right or wrong from our 
							hearts... see, we aren't the one who judges 
							eternity. we aren't the one who has the actual 
							authority and power to say what is right and wrong. 
							god is! now, if you are rebellious and foolish 
							enough to deny god, then you won't agree with this 
							because you want to be your own "little" god 
							(emphasize little) and say for yourself what you 
							want to be right and wrong. the thing is, the 
							decisions that you make in this very short physical 
							existence will affect you "forever"... and that is a 
							long, long time to be eternally wrong and suffer 
							because of it. so, my opinion does not count... and 
							neither does yours when it comes to our immortal 
							souls. god's decision is the one that counts, and 
							it counts so much and he loved us and wanted us 
							saved so much that the eternal word of god became 
							flesh and died in our place for it. 

any 
							some reading these words right now will reject jesus 
							(the word of god made flesh out of god's pure love 
							for us) and decide you want the darkness of your sin 
							instead... and miss god's hope completely.

							we live in a very twisted society right now... the 
							last days last generation of this last age society. 
							these are the "perilous times" that should come 
							where people love pleasures more than love god and 
							have a form of godliness but deny the power thereof 
							(2 timothy 3:1-7). we live in a society that thumbs 
							its nose at god and what god declares is right and 
							wrong, and try to make our own rules... lying to 
							ourselves by telling ourselves (and others) that it 
							doesn't matter if we believe differently from what 
							the bible says. this is the age of the great 
							delusion, where god finally lets people go who 
							reject jesus and reject the truth and want their sin 
							more than god or eternal life, and lets them go 
							ahead and believe a lie and be damned.

							see... in the very same discourse that we think of 
							in john 3 between nicodemus and jesus where jesus 
							tells us that we "must" be born again (this is 
							salvation... being saved) and that god so loved the 
							world that he gave his only begotten son... that 
							whosoever would believe in him would have 
							everlasting life... in that same discourse we 
							are told 2 other things as well. first, the reason 
							that so many will wind up damned despite jesus and 
							the love of god is that they love the darkness more 
							than the light, jesus christ (john 3:18-21). 
							they love their stinking sin more than the love god 
							and the most amazing gift of love ever been given, 
							jesus christ and the forgiveness of our sin. 
the 
							other thing is that those who have not believed upon 
							jesus... who are not god's, already... listen... 
							"already" have the wrath of god upon them. it's like 
							blindly going along with this doom attached to them 
							and they prefer the darkness so that they can't see 
							it. so, as they numbly and blindly go along their 
							merry way with this corruption eating them alive 
							(sins and iniquities). they don't understand that 
							this very "sin" which gives pleasure for a short 
							time is the enemy of god and has the "wrath" of god 
							already upon it (judgement). if they continue to 
							refuse "god's way" which cost god dearly (his only 
							begotten son, the logos or word of god - jesus), 
							then they in their stubbornness are embracing the 
							very enemy of god (their sin) and in the end, there 
							is no escaping that wrath (judgement).

							john 3:36 (nkjv) " he who believes in the son has 
							everlasting life; and he who does not believe the 
							son shall not see life, but the wrath of god abides 
							on him."

							so, those of us who believe that jesus truly is the 
							son of god also believe the bible (the word of god), 
							and jesus is the actual logos <word> of god. to deny 
							the word of god is to deny jesus. jesus said that if 
							you deny me before me, i shall deny you before my 
							father... ouch... actually scary. jesus said that 
							the world hated him (hey, they crucified him), and 
							that we are not greater than he is and if they hated 
							him then they would hate us. so... if you love 
							jesus... and its real... then you will love god's 
							word and live it... and get your understanding of 
							"right and wrong" from god and not your own opinion 
							or your heart (which is deceitful above all things). 
							you have truth, and that truth will guide you home
							.

i thank god that 
						even in this time of falling away, there is still 
						revival and people who are still hungry for the truth of 
						god's word and the reality of the holy spirit  
						igniting that word of god.  in the 3rd world, there 
						is real revival that is sweeping through.  sadly, 
						in places where revivals have swept through in times 
						past such as the united states and canada, you see the 
						half of the church represented by the 5 foolish virgins 
						in jesus' parables of the 10 virgins (5 were wise and 5 
						were foolish, 5 were ready for the 7-year marriage 
						supper and will go, and 5 will be left behind because 
						they let their oil run out and their fire will go out).   
						he was not talking about the lost at all, but those in 
						the kingdom of heaven who were purified (all virgins), 
						and all heard the call to the lamb's marriage supper 
						(those lost in sin shall not - they have another destiny 
						for those 7 years).  so, which camp are you in 
						right now?  are you in the half that is wise and on 
						fire for jesus?  or, are you in the lukewarm (laodicea) 
						camp who thinks that they are just fine but are foolish 
						and worldly and will be left behind?



 
1 
						peter 5:2-10 "2 feed the flock of god which is 
						among you, taking the oversight thereof, not by 
						constraint, but willingly; not for filthy lucre, but of 
						a ready mind; 3 neither as being lords over god's 
						heritage, but being ensamples to the flock. 4 and 
						when the chief shepherd shall appear, ye shall receive
						a crown of glory that fadeth not away. 
   5 likewise, ye younger, submit yourselves unto the elder. yea, all 
						of you be subject one to another, and be clothed with 
						humility: for god resisteth the proud, and 
						giveth grace to the humble. 

   6 humble yourselves therefore under the mighty hand of god, that 
						he may exalt you in due time: 7 casting all your 
						care upon him; for he careth for you.

  8 be sober, be vigilant; because your adversary the devil, as a 
						roaring lion, walketh about, seeking whom he may devour: 
						9 whom resist stedfast in the faith, knowing that the 
						same afflictions are accomplished in your brethren that 
						are in the world. 

   10 but the god of all grace, who hath called us unto his 
						eternal glory by christ jesus, after that ye have 
						suffered a while, make you perfect, 
						stablish, strengthen, settle you. "
 
 




 
 










top of page 

























							will anyone hear the voice of the watchman?






						listing of watchman bible studies and sermons
older           
		these links under 
		construction          
		 newer                                                 
		






			webmaster's note:  this site is finally under construction 
			again.  the warriors of god forum 
			community shall be added to the website under our server so we keep 
			everything in-house and never have to trust an external host again 
			that can be bought out or go out of business.  this way, i have 
			the backups on every single post.  it is a lot of trouble, but 
			i think i can automate a lot of it, and i have an older computer 
			that can do a lot of this with the webhost that we use.  
i am thankful to god for 
			my life and the ministry that he has trusted to me and the ability 
			to serve him and others in his kingdom.  i have seen god move 
			in the midst of some very trying times the last few years, but move 
			god has and i am thankful.  we are seeing the biblical coming 
			together of the conditions what the bible described would be in the 
			last generation before jesus would come back.  i see the ways 
			that god has started opening doors, and now i just begin to see 
			where this online ministry could go in this last generation.  
			so, by faith, i shall do my best to be faithful and trust god to 
			strengthen me and do the parts that i cannot.  so, first the 
			indexing and setting the basics back up to
			year 2020 standards, 
			and then putting the 
new warriors of god 
			christian forum back on.  currently, i am 
			trying to redirect all hyperlinks of the warriors of god links to my 
			facebook, so if you get my facebook, then that is why.  please 
			be patient with me.  i am one person and there are a lot of 
			things going on with me.  i have made this a priority by 
			joining with the two weekly studies and the sermons that i will be 
			putting together anyway - putting them into .htm format is not too 
			difficult once i have a few pre-made templates which are up to date 
			and more simple than before.

when death
finally dies!

			1 corinthians 15:23-26 (nkjv) 23  but each one in his own order: 
			christ the firstfruits, afterward those who are christ's at 
			his coming. 24  then comes the end, when he delivers the 
			kingdom to god the father, when he puts an end to all rule and all 
			authority and 
			power. 25  for 
			he must reign till he has put all enemies under his feet. 
			26  the 
			last enemy that will be destroyed is death.


			_________________________________________________

the 
			order of the first resurrection of the righteous and the last days:

		& jesus christ is the firstfruits of the 
		first resurrection which rose again glorified 2,000+ years ago
		

		&
		then afterward (near future), all those who are christ’s (do you belong 
		to jesus?) at his coming  

		&
		then after that (and the events of the birth pains of israel – 
		tribulation), comes the end of the age  

		&
		he delivers the kingdom to god the father

		&
		he puts an end to all rule and all authority and power – both human and 
		dark spiritual powers as well

		&
		he must reign until he has put all enemies under his feet


		&
		there is 1,000 years in between armageddon and the last enemies overcome 
		including satan

		& the last enemy that will be destroyed is 
		death
it is literally 
		cast into the lake of fire last



			&
revelation 
			17:14 (nkjv)  these will 
			make war with the lamb, and the lamb will overcome them, for he is 
			lord of lords and king of kings; and those who are with him
			are called, chosen, and faithful."


			&
revelation 
			19:16 (nkjv)  and he has on
			his robe and on his thigh a name written: king of kings and 
			lord of lords. 


			&
psalm 
			110:1-2 (nkjv) 1  a psalm of 
			david. the lord said to my lord, "sit at my right hand, till i make 
			your enemies your footstool." 2  the lord shall send the rod of your 
			strength out of zion. rule in the midst of your enemies! 



			&
daniel 
			2:44 (nkjv)  and in the days 
			of these kings the god of heaven will set up a kingdom which 
			shall never be destroyed; and the kingdom shall not be 
			left to other people; it shall break in pieces and consume all these 
			kingdoms, and it shall stand forever.


			&
daniel 
			7:13-14 (nkjv) 13  "i was 
			watching in the night visions, and behold, one 
			like the son of man, coming with the clouds of heaven! he came to 
			the ancient of days, and they brought him near before him.
			
			14  then to him was given dominion and glory and a kingdom,
			that all peoples, nations, and languages should serve him.
			his dominion is an everlasting dominion, which shall 
			not pass away, and his kingdom the one which shall not be 
			destroyed. 


			&
daniel 
			7:27 (nkjv)  then the 
			kingdom and dominion, and the greatness of the kingdoms under the 
			whole heaven, shall be given to the people, the saints of the most 
			high. his kingdom is an everlasting kingdom, and all 
			dominions shall serve and obey him.' 

death is literally a spirit and an 
			enemy and shall be put to the 2nd death in the lake of 
			fire 
			– it is the last enemy and the last to 
			be put in the lake of fire before that outer place is sealed forever 
			from our created universe.


			& revelation 20:13-14 (kjv) 
13  and the sea gave up the dead which 
			were in it; and death and hell delivered up the dead which were in 
			them: and they were judged every man according to their works. 14 
			 and death and hell were cast into the lake of fire. 
			this is the second death.



 death is mentioned here specifically 
			because it is our personal enemy – because of sin. 
			sin which came because of adam’s fall has given death its 
			power over our lives,  and when the 
			work of grace is totally complete in christ,
			the resurrection will give us total 
			domination over death forever.


 «

here, it is 
			noted that jesus himself will in the end destroy death as an entity 
			forever in the lake of fire.


if you are a christian 
			believer, then you have been delivered out of satan’s dark kingdom 
			and are now part of the family of god – now a part of the kingdom of 
			god or kingdom of heaven on earth.  now, the kingdom of god is in 
			the hearts and spirits of the body of christ on earth – shared by 
			jesus’ church.


			& romans 14:17 (nkjv)
			 for the 
			kingdom of god is not eating and drinking, but righteousness and 
			peace and joy in the holy spirit.

 but when this happens 
			at the end of that age, the kingdom 
			will come in power with the 2nd coming of jesus christ! 
every enemy will be put under 
			his feet, and the last enemy shall be death!


			death finally dies - our last enemy 
			shall die in the lake of fire!








							there is biblical proof 
							that we are in the
							last generation of the
							last days, and that 
							this is the generation that will see the second 
							coming of jesus christ and the end of this age. 
							


							the church is told to watch and pray always and not 
							given a date of the catching away.
							people who set dates are in 
							opposition to scripture.  however, 
							god has given some very specific prophecies to judah 
							and israel which do include 
a very specific date which is within 
							our generation of when the last generation would 
							begin.  


are you interested?  we 
							are without doubt 
							at the "end" of the last generation of this age 
							according to god's word.  
							you need to learn this!



 
							

     a very good 
				friend of mine (pastor arnold martin of immanuel baptist 
				church in harlan, ky) shared a biblical truth with me 
				recently that showed me that i had a wrong idea about something 
				that i had believed about the last generation of these last days 
				for over 20 years.  see, i thought the last generation with 
				the fig tree blooming that jesus spoke of in matthew 24/luke 21 
				was connected with the 6-day war in 1967.  i actually 
				believed that this "last generation" which would not pass 
				away (matthew 24) before all these things came to pass started 
				in 1967.  i was wrong. 
				
      this last generation of this age started 
				according to a biblical prophecy on 
				another, earlier modern-day date.  
				we are extremely close to the end of this last generation of 
				this age that ends with the day of the lord (armageddon) and 
				begins with the second coming of jesus christ in glory and power 
				with the armies of heaven.  this study will add to the 
				growing evidence of the prophetic pieces of the last days coming 
				together and the warnings that god's watchmen are crying (to the 
				point that even those who are not born again know themselves 
				that something cataclysmic is coming), this biblical proof 
				that we are at the end of this predicted generation.  this 
				message will show through scripture that:

 

1.   
				god means what he 
				declares and will bring it to pass despite men’s ideas.

2.   
				one of the most 
				amazing prophetic predictions which stretches back in the ot has 
				come to pass in some of our living memories.

3. the "gap" between the 69th and 70th 
				week of years in daniel's 70 weeks prophecy in daniel 9 (the 
				70th week being the 7-year tribulation or the birth pangs of 
				israel as they as a nation turn to and believe upon the messiah, 
				jesus of nazareth is explained.  i always wondered why it 
				was separated, and daniel 9:24-27 puts a gap of years and years 
				between the 69th and 70th week of years (its in the text - needs 
				no extra [ahem] interpretation).  this prophecy through 
				ezekiel when you take into consideration what yahweh (jehovah 
				god) commanded and promised in the law of moses to israel 
				explains it completely.

4.   
				we are in (no doubt 
				at all) that last generation and in fact, at the end of the time 
				allotted before jesus will be back on planet earth and israel 
				will be redeemed as a nation.

 



				this will either cause you to get excited, or to dread as you 
				see the historical and prophetic reality 
				shown in hyper-accurate biblical predictions about both judah 
				and the northern tribes of israel depending on where you are 
				standing right now with god.


click here to read the entire study.  this 
				is a work in progress by the way.  comments and input are 
				greatly appreciated, but the more that i learn about this, 
				the more overwhelming that the evidence is that we are literally at the end of the age that jesus said would not pass away before 
				'all these things' had come to pass (he was discussing the 
				coming tribulation and its events such as the abomination of 
				desolation when he said this).




the salt of the earth:
                                   
being salt and light
part 1




matthew 5:13 (kjv)  

“ 13 ye are the salt of the earth: but if the salt have lost his 
				savour, wherewith shall it be salted? it is thenceforth good for 
				nothing, but to be cast out, and to be trodden under foot of 
				men. “



				 



luke 14:34-35 (kjv) “  

34 salt is good: but if the salt have lost his savour, 
				wherewith shall it be seasoned? 35 it is neither fit for the 
				land, nor yet for the dunghill; but  men cast it out. he 
				that hath ears to hear, let him hear. “
 




			salt preserves, and allows for there to be life. 


jesus 
			christ 
			is the 

light of 
			life 
			and he is the 

only 
			source 
			of 


			spiritual life 
			for the soul in sin.  he is our redeemer and redemption.  he is our 
			savior and deliverer.



			 




			we are in a spiritually dry and desert land.  
			in the desert, 

			it is vital that you have “salt” in your system 
			or the overly dry and hot climate will rob you of all water/fluids. 
			

			salt is the preserving substance that keeps us from drying out!



			 


mark 9:50 “ 
				salt is good: but if the salt have lost his saltness, 
				wherewith will ye season it? have salt in yourselves, and have 
				peace one with another. 
				“  -


				how will you “resalt” it?



			 



			natural 


			salt kills dangerous bacteria and microbes so that food is safe to 
			eat for a long time. 
			

			spiritual salt destroys the things that spiritually kill us…
			

			the little sins that we forget about many times are kept away by the 
			presence of god moving through jesus’ church.   

			jesus literally uses his church to fight against the hidden agents 
			of destruction in the world


			– those hidden agents of evil that people take for granted all too 
			often can corrupt a church that is full of the life of jesus christ 
			before they know what has happened.  

			demonic forces


			flee 
			from the presence of


			jesus christ


			in his 

			church


			when we are


			“salty”.



			 




			salt preserves and seasons.  
			this is the usual application of these scriptures, 



			although this is not the context of what jesus is saying here



			– we’ll explore the 2 main points that jesus emphasized in a bit. 
			

			salt also helps retain fluids in dry and arid climates.  it helps 
			you keep from drying out and dying.  

			salt is actually vital for life. 
			

			keep that one in mind!



			 




			jesus said,


			“you 
			are”
			


the salt of the earth.  
			salt is absolutely necessary to life and spiritual salt is 
			absolutely essential to spiritual life.  

			on the earth,


			we are the only source of spiritual salt for life – the body of 
			christ.  god uses his church.



			  




				understand that jesus’ church is the source of this “salt” of 
				the earth – vital mission!



			 




how does salt lose its saltiness since salt 
				itself is a very stable ionic compound?



			 



			the way that salt loses its saltiness is through “impurities” 
			in the rock salt.  
			the right kind of 

impurities 
			will cause it to evaporate leaving useless rocks behind with no 
			actual saltiness in it, 

			only fit to throw on the ground.  
			literally, without saltiness, we lose our value in life and our 
			lives become useless.  we are called out of darkness into god's 
			marvelous light to make a difference in is world.  we will, when we 
			walk as salt and light.



			 



compromise with sin will kill the church’s 
			saltiness!  
			it is the mixing with the world’s contaminants that brings a 
			weakening with the church.  the church becomes lukewarm and weak 
			with hidden sins corrupting it when they compromise what it is right 
			in god’s sight. 



			we lose our saltiness and our lights go dim or sometimes even go 
			out.



			 


matthew 5:13-16 
				“ 13 ye are the salt of the earth: but if the salt 
				have lost his savour, wherewith shall it be salted? it 
				is thenceforth good for nothing, but to be cast out, 
				and to be trodden under foot of men. 14 ye are the light of the 
				world. a city that is set on an hill cannot be hid. 15 neither 
				do men light a candle, and put it under a bushel, but on a 
				candlestick; and it giveth light unto all that are in the house. 
				16 let your light so shine before men, that they may see your 
				good works, and glorify your father which is in heaven. “



			 



			the idea of being “salt” and “the light” go together.  
			we are the salt of the earth and affect the world and are light 
			ourselves, shining with the light of life, jesus christ in our 
			lives.  

			when we get impurities, we can lose our saltiness. 
			

			the saltiness is the presence of god in our lives. 
			

			salt is only as good as it is pure.  
			if there are impurities in the salt, 

			it eventually becomes useless.



			 



			!!!!!it is vital that we remain salty and not contaminated by the 
			world!!!!!




				ephesians 5:” and have no fellowship with the unfruitful works 
				of darkness, but rather reprove them. “



				2 corinthians 6:17 “ wherefore come out from among them, and be 
				ye separate, saith the lord, and touch not the unclean thing; 
				and i will receive you, “

 



impurities interfere with the force within salt that 
			holds it together and causes it to break down.

 



				understand that there is a power or electromagnetic force that 
				holds salt together


			 


			salt is what is known as an ionic compound. 
			

			nacl or sodium chloride is a molecule that is electrically held 
			together between the positive force of the sodium and the negative 
			force of the chloride.  electrons from the sodium go into the orbit 
			of the chlorine atoms making the chloride more negative for having 
			the extra electron from the sodium.  


			there is an electrical “force” in these atoms that hold them 
			together. 
			

 

it requires that 
			electron flow or the 
power


			of ions to 
			keep these two atoms together in what we call salt.  

			there is unseen power holding it together and making salt.  you 
			don’t see it, but it is there working!

 



it requires the power and presence of god within our 
			lives for us to remain spiritually salty.  
			quite literally, just like natural salt, we require the power of god 
			in us to keep us effective as spiritual salt that jesus can use to 
			change the world around us!

 




				acts 1:8 “ but ye shall receive power, after that the holy ghost 
				is come upon you: and ye shall be witnesses unto me both in 
				jerusalem, and in all judaea, and in samaria, and unto the 
				uttermost part of the earth. “



				john 1:12 “ but as many as received him, to them gave he power 
				to become the sons of god, even to them that believe on his 
				name: “

 

those who have lost their 
			saltiness are those who are religious, 
			but have become impure and something has gotten in them that 
			interferes with the power of god.  


			sin is the problem. 
			repentance is the answer, 

			but those who continue religiously without repenting are spiritually 
			just like the natural salt which jesus was highlighting that has 
			lost its saltiness.  it goes from being useful to good for 
			nothing.

 

2 timothy 3:5 “ 
			having a form of godliness, but denying the power thereof: from 
			such turn away. “

 



			there is great danger in this: 
			

			how can you regain your saltiness if you lose it?  there is a severe 
			consequence of not being “fit” for the kingdom and being cast out.  
			jesus said that you are thrown out.  

			we will see more in a bit, but to lose all of your saltiness is to 
			lose your value and be unfruitful.



			 




				but jesus actually taught 2 important points here:  




				the first use for salt is that it makes people thirsty!!!  
				spiritual salt makes people thirsty for the spiritual rivers of 
				living waters that jesus christ brings us.  we do not ever have 
				to thirst again!  after this we will look at the amazing 
				point that jesus was making that we do not hear taught very 
				much.  it was however the central point that he was making.



			 
 

to first look at the importance of 
			making the world thirst for jesus christ's spiritual waters instead 
			of the death they are now taking in, and then 
to see the surprising central point 
			that jesus made in this, then 
			use one of the two links to go to the full message.
 



click here to read the remaining 
			message, 
                                                    
			or 
			
click here to read the entire message.






he 
				great delusion:  the 
				fight for your mind and soul in the end times.


				2 thessalonians 2:7-12 (kjv)

				"7 for the mystery of iniquity doth already work: only he who 
				now letteth will let, until he be taken out of the way. 8 and 
				then shall that wicked be revealed, whom the lord shall consume 
				with the spirit of his mouth, and shall destroy with the 
				brightness of his coming: 9 even him, whose coming is after 
				the working of satan with all power and signs and lying wonders, 
				10 and with all deceivableness of unrighteousness in them that 
				perish; because they received not the love of the truth, that 
				they might be saved. 11 and for this cause god shall send 
				them strong delusion, that they should believe a lie: 12 
				that they all might be damned who believed not the truth, but 
				had pleasure in unrighteousness."



				we are being set up. 
 there 
				has been an effort for some time now to "hide" what has been 
				happening in this last
				

generation 
				with such disinformation and call what it is by another name, 
				that it is doubtful that the ones 
				helping to spread the lie understand the true nature of what 
				they are actually dealing with.  the odd and bizarre have 
				become commonplace.  

the 
				sheer 
				amount of ufos and totally unexplained phenomena in the skies 
				(even after you discount the secret vehicles the usa and other 
				terrestrial governments are flying 

covertly 
				and those things which are natural such as temperature 
				inversions, etc.) 
have come 
				impossible to deny. 
				but 
				the nature of what they are have been camouflaged into seeming 
				like something else even though the bible predicted this delusion.  
				they have used movies and television to get us "used to" the 
				idea that "we are not alone" and that whoever "they are", that 
				they are visiting us in increasingly frequency which has become 
				so common that it is impossible for the powers that be to "deny" 
				the truth. 
 but 
				what is the truth... really?  
				what are abduction experiences, and why are more than 1 in 25 
				americans describing the same evil abduction experience?  
				why do they 
tell some 
				of them the exact same lie that satan told the woman in the 
				garden

and 
				new agers tell us today that we are all little gods, etc.? 
				
				4-6 % of the american population 
				are having or 
				have had the same experience.  

and why can a born-again 
				believer stop cold a so-called abduction experience by 

				"pleading the blood of jesus christ"?
 are 
				aliens 

afraid 
				of christians calling out on jesus? or maybe they aren't really 
				aliens at all?  maybe they are something else... something 
				spiritually darker and deceptive. 
 what 
				is the truth?  
why is it 
				that so many abduction researchers have feared releasing 
				this bit of information which has been known for some time?  
				only now are there some with braver hearts willing to explore 
				the truth that these are 

				extradimensional demonic entities 
				and not extraterrestrial, and i thank god for their courage and 
				hard research which they are now sharing.  
so, what is 
				the real truth about what is going on? 
				


 
				what does the bible say about things appearing in the skies 
				which will cause literal heart failure in some on earth?  
				what chilling prophetic warning did jesus gives us about what 
				would be occurring on the earth before his return which occurred 
				one other time before god brought a devastating flood to destroy 
				it?    

if you want 
				to explore the truth, press "go".







 
				
 
			




 
				
 
				
 
				
 
				

                            
				* special thanks to pastor arnold martin and immanuel baptist 
				church for above graphics.
				this website will continue to do what it has always done, 
				preach the gospel and teach the word of god.  we 
				will make biblical resources available to those who desire them 
				and can make use of them.  god's 
				watchmen are crying out the alarm of the hour. 





the great falling away
				 a 
				very needful bible study on "how people fall into apostasy"
				 
				 we 
				will look 
				at what apostasy is, 
				and according to 
				romans 1, 
				how a person falls away and becomes an apostate with a 
				reprobate mind.  
the bible 
				warns us that at the end of this age, 
there will 
				be a great falling away (apostasy).  
				we need to know the 

dangers 
				and the things the bible says leads people there.  
				 there 
				is a process of demonic seduction and self-deception that 
				destroys souls, and the results that the bible names might 
				surprise you when you consider our present society in this 
				generation.  when the antichrist comes, he will have many 
				followers already in the mind to follow him. 

				 click the button to go to the study.



				 







						jesuit astronomers in roman catholic church "preparing" 
						for appearance of "space savior" and a "superior new 
						gospel"? what?


understand that this is 
					not paranoid anti-catholic propaganda, but this is from the 
					very jesuits who have so compromised themselves that they 
					are confusing fallen angels with "another gospel which is 
					not a true gospel" for "aliens" who are our space brothers 
					bringing an alien messiah!  folks, you can't make this 
					stuff up... it is weird, but very tragically true.  
					most catholics will be shocked (rightly so) at what they are 
					being lined up to swallow - but like any bait, it is a trap, 
					and this one can cost you your soul and eternity.  
					there is within the ranks of the largest christian 
					institution a hidden agenda within those who have been 
					initiated in the jesuits.  they seem to have a problem 
					discerning what is of satan and what is of god.  


there 
are some things that the 
					jesuits have been doing in the past decades which began as 
					hints here and there, but now things are have heated up and 
					some are speaking so plainly, one gets the definite 
					impression that they 
					are in communication with or maybe even in league with 
					something extradimensional that is about to break through 
					openly into 
					this world.  the jesuits at mt. graham 
					international observatory (joint venture with the 
					university of arizona and the vatican's astronomers) has the 
					large binocular telescope, the lucifer 
					device (i am not making this up - infrared device to 
					take pictures the normal spectrum cannot see) and vatican 
					advanced technology telescope all make in impressive complex 
					on top of a mountain known to the western apache as "dzil 
					nchaa si an", or the "big seated mountain" and was 
					considered something of a gateway for the star gods to come 
					to earth.  the mountain has a definite occult pagan 
					background.  but it is what the 
					jesuits have been saying and suggesting that sounds like a 
					mix of something out of a left behind movie and a close 
					encounters-type movie.  but it is no movie.  
					the jesuits have seemingly always been involved in "hidden 
					agendas" throughout history.  there are connections 
					with jesuits to rosicrucian and the knight templars and 
					others esoteric mystical orders and societies.  they 
					seem to be the catholic arm of what you see moving through 
					many other societies and lodges throughout history with the 
					same shadowy figures using wealth and the love of the world 
					to seduce others into doing their will.  some of you 
					who can agree with me on jesuits are going to fall out with 
					me mentioning one of the following groups whose upper-level 
					leaders are also another arm of this same gnostic group 
					which has been in operations since the days of nimrod and 
					the tower of babel.  this shadow 
					power behind almost all secret societies from the illuminati to 
					hermetic magickal practitioners to certain high-level 
					leaders in the jesuit order and masonic orders (certainly 
					not the common uninitiated goyim mason-they have no clue as 
					to what they are really a part of, but the occult symbols 
					and the anti-biblical oaths should be a telling sign) is what you 
					see using the wealth of the world to 
					seduce nations and kings in the book of revelation which has 
					a name, babylon 
					the great whore.    
     
					the bible tells us that the spirit of antichrist (which 
					will empower the coming beast or antichrist) will lead
					people 
					away from god and when mankind turns from the truth of god 
					in a desire to rather believe a lie so that they can go 
					ahead and continue in the darkness of sin and iniquity.  
					god (in the end times) will give them what they want, and 
					what they want will ultimately be used to bring judgment on 
					them when they are destroyed by it.  
he will send "strong delusion" that they might be a 
					lie... the lie they actually wanted to believe instead of 
					the truth of the gospel.  there are warnings 
					given to us that the deception and false miracles and false 
					signs connected to the 2nd beast of revelation, the false 
					prophet would deceive even the very "elect" if possible.  
					something is coming that will be deceptive that even the 
					elect (the saved) will be caught up into this great apostasy
					if they are not very, very careful.

2 
					thessalonians 2:10-12 " 10 and with all unrighteous 
					deception among those who perish, because they did not 
					receive the love of the truth, that they might be saved. 11
and for this reason god will send them strong delusion, 
					that they should believe the lie, 

					12 that they all may be condemned who did not believe the 
					truth but had pleasure in unrighteousness. " - nkjv

1 
					timothy 4:1-3 (nkjv)" 1 

					now the spirit expressly says that in latter times some will 
					depart from the faith, giving heed to deceiving spirits and 
					doctrines of demons, 
					2 speaking lies in hypocrisy, having their own conscience 
					seared with a hot iron, 3 forbidding to marry, and 
					commanding to abstain from foods which god created to be 
					received with 
					thanksgiving by those who believe and know the truth. "
       
					demonic activity is increasing radically, and at the same 
					time ufo activity is increasing, and what is known as the 
					"abduction" activity is increasing as something is about to 
					break forth. 
 these are perilous times indeed.
					 but the so-called 'hidden truth' that the puppet 
					servants of satan  are claiming to expos will be this 
					delusion coming out into the light and being promoted 
					openly.  seducing spirits and 
					doctrines of demons are leading some of those who "have at 
					one time known the faith" to fall away or depart from the 
					faith.  you cannot fall away from what you do 
					not have.  this is a last days warning to us all, and in 
					the midst of it all it would seem that there are elements of 
					the church which are being corrupted and compromised.  it 
					has become a shocking thing the past decade or more 
					to see the jesuit astronomers at mt. graham outside of 
					tuscon arizona connected to cultish 
					ufo beliefs  blending the gospel with 
					an ancient lie 
					which sees its roots with the serpent in the garden 
					deceiving the woman.  it is the spirit of antichrist 
					revealed in a way that would have shocked our fathers, but 
					in this last generation sadly makes complete sense. 
 the 
					bible warns us that even if some kind of angel comes a 
					preaches to us another gospel, let him be accursed.
       
it 
					is interesting that the catholic church has its very first 
					jesuit pope.  never in history has there 
					been a jesuit who was elected pope.  i am not 
					personally accusing him (i don't know), but his order has a 
					notorious past and many are involved in the kind of symbolic 
					hidden mysticism that you would expect it to come from an 
					ancient alchemist or a modern-day rosicrucian rather than a 
					catholic.  in fact, there was a time when the 
					jesuits were a banned society within the roman catholic 
					church for their more unchristian practices and secret pagan 
					beliefs.  a. ralph emmerson's 
					"the unseen hand" is a good primer for the 
					conspiratorial view of history which is full of rich 
					documentation that includes within the structure of the 
					spirit of antichrist which has been in work through history, 
					the jesuits.  there are some who follow "the prophecy 
					of the popes" or who seem to think that someone in the 
					vatican is following that ancient prophecy (google it) that 
					believe that "this pope", pope francis is possibly the man 
					known in revelation as the false prophet.  it might be 
					that he might truly be the last pope before rome is burned 
					down (found in revelation 17 and 18 which is so complicated 
					i am not going to touch here) and jesus christ returns.  
					the st. malachy prophecy of the pope's says of this pope, "peter 
					the roman, who will pasture his sheep in many tribulations, 
					and when these things are finished, the city of seven hills 
					will be destroyed, and the dreadful judge will judge his 
					people. 
the end." 
					
       if you believe that they are true prophecies of god (or 
					maybe that someone in the vatican 
					has been trying to fulfill the prophecies) or not, one thing 
					is for certain:  they have been 
uncannily accurate in some very disturbing 
					ways.  the last pope, petrus 
					romanus or peter the roman is not specifically 
					said to help the antichrist, but he will be there pasturing 
					his sheep at the end throughout the tribulation.  it 
					says "his sheep", meaning 
					peter's and not necessarily the lord's.  it is 
					interesting in light of the what this last pope has done.  
					personally, i find it "disturbing" that ramon jose castellano renamed himself with the papal name
					pope francis after st. francis 
					of assisi when he became pope in 2013.  castellano was 
					born in  buenos aires, argentina from italian parents, 
					but named himself after st. francis whose real name was
					giovanni di pietro di bernardone, 
					but was nicknamed francesco (how he got francis), the 
					"frenchman".  he fought for assisi before god sent him 
					back there and he became a monk.  assisi is in the 
					direct center of italy by the way. 
					his true name included "peter" 
					or pietro.
					 roman of course points to italy... and the pope 
					is the bishop of rome and the sovereign of the vatican. 
					this pope could really be called peter 
					the roman.  when 
					you take into consideration the last couple of hundred years 
					of popes and how accurate the prophecy described them, it 
					gets disturbing.
       there is another book which i  would want to also 
					suggest reading if you want to understand what is going on.  
					i do not promote many books outside of the bible, but this 
					one is so well researched and explores these very issues to 
					a degree that i personally find a bit uncomfortable to see 
					it exposed in front of me that i believe it would help 
					anyone who really wants to understand the nature of the 
					deception that has come upon our generation. 
					you expose 
					deception with the truth.  i do not really 
					have permission by the authors to promote their book, but 
					since i am not quoting it but just encouraging you to buy it 
					as i did, i doubt that they would mind.  the authors
					christ putnam and thomas horn 
					have researched this last pope and what the catholic church 
					(under the guidance of the jesuits) are preparing for.  
					they truly believe that ets are visiting planet earth and 
					they are apparently closer to god than we are (that despite 
					the fact that they are putting humans through things that 
					once would have been recognized as demonic).  
there are those among them who believe 
					that there is coming an alien savior and that jesus was the 
					result of an alien impregnation (i 
					am not making this up).
 they are expecting ufos to come en masse and 
					bring a new spiritual awakening with a "superior gospel" 
					than the one that jesus gave to us!!
     this is the 
					prophetically predicted blasphemy of antichrist coming in a 
					way we did not expect!!  the book that putnam 
					and horn wrote is titled, "exo-vaticana", and has 
					an illustration of a ufo beaming a light over the vatican.  
					it is a sequel of a previous book of the authors named,
					"petrus romanus:  the final 
					pope is here" which i bought the digital ebook 
					version from b&n.  i would recommend going to tom 
					horn's raiders website and ordering 
exo-vaticana from them (the 
					600+ page paperback edition) because you get a free dvd full 
					of their research including interviews and pdf books 
					(including some out of print ones) backing up what they are 
					giving to us in the book.  apparently you don't get 
					that deal from amazon or b&n.  the thing that has 
					slowed my reading of the book is that i keep going to the 
					associated materials (including reading the other books on 
					the dvd) and going through them at points before going on in 
					the main book.  it is a scholarly expose of what is 
					going on and a glimpse of what is coming.
       in 1996, when i was a pastor in eastern kentucky, the 
					lord "encouraged" me to step out and give what is now being 
					given by teachers such as hal lindsey and chuck missler in a 
					time when it was considered "fringe" material.  
					every 2 or 3 years, the lord would have me go back to my 
					last days eschatological studies and it would grow in size.  
					that time, the lord helped me look honestly at some 
					seemingly unrelated things and see how they were actually 
					very related and painted a then-unlikely picture.  
					admittedly the raelian and scientology cults were in full 
					swing and the early website then of one of them (if i 
					remember right without checking my notes, i think it was the 
					rael one) talked about ufos beaming up those on a higher 
					spiritual plane "in a moment, in a twinkling of an eye" 
					leaving the rest on earth as a time of great tribulation 
					begins as the earth transcends to another spiritual level 
					helped by the alien brothers (gag). 
					it is not original, but steals and 
					perverts a very biblical doctrine of the catching away of 
					church at the 1st resurrection and gives et credit for it 
					instead of jesus christ!  it also explains away 
					that biblical event that many call "the rapture" and will 
					give credit to et instead of the lord.  
      i gave the 
					possibility that this interpretation was possible mentioning 
					these bizarre things in that 9 month study (on thursday 
					nights to the study group) and pointed out the scriptures 
					which showed the very real possibility that the false signs 
					(such as the false prophet calling fire out of heaven might 
					be coming out of a ufo) and the signs the in heaven and what 
					jesus was predicted when he said, "...as it was in the days 
					of noah", and surprisingly, it made sense to them.  today, 
					it is easy to teach because god is unveiling it as we get 
					closer and closer to the events.  plus, the 
					things that had just started to escalate in the mid 1990's 
					now has become hard to deal with they have increased so 
					geometrically.  look up... jesus 
					is coming soon... be ready and 
					work the harvest for the lord is going to appear in the 
					clouds and call those who are watching and praying up to be 
					with him... the dead in christ will rise first, then we 
					which are alive an remain will be caught up (harpazio) 
					together.  all of these 
					things tell me to work... pray and work and witness jesus 
					christ for the lord is about to call us up and out.










things 
						have become very strange indeed! 
 things 
						that the generation before would have scoffed at if you 
						had predicted that the current weirdness would occur is 
						now acceptable because there is a hidden force behind 
						our media from hollywood to the news which has been 
						producing the kind of propaganda to prepare us for the 
						great delusion.  now, religious leaders have been 
						corrupted to the point where it is going to take staying 
						in god's word with the power of the holy spirit in our 
						lives to keep from being deceived.  some things are 
						predicted to come upon the earth, and if you are not led 
						by the spirit of truth, then you will be deceived - 
						being deceived at this point can be eternally fatal... 
						in a continuing sense.  

						remember,


						where evil abounds, 

						grace does more abound!


						here is the decision that you must make, and there is no 
						more time to wait in making it. 
 you 
						can be part of the remnant who loves jesus christ and 
						worships the father in spirit and in truth and watch and 
						pray always so that you may be accounted worthy to 
						escape all these things (luke 
						21:33-36), 
						or... you can be lukewarm like one of the 5 foolish 
						virgins ~ remember in revelation 6 at the 5th seal that 
						there is a great number of christian martyrs who are 
						overcome by the forces unleashed in the world as the 
						restraining power of the body of christ (the church) is 
						caught up?  

						the third choice which most will make is to go 
						along with the 
						great delusion of the end of this age.  
						it seems now that fallen angels and demonic powers using 
						what the bible called "chariots" and "wheels" will 
						assist in this delusion which will put a spiritual 
						leader (the 
						false prophet) 
						and a political leader (the 
						beast or antichrist) 
						into power and most in the world shall follow them and 
						take their mark (more and more, looks like a biochip 
						which will do 'wondrous' things, and eternally separate 
						you from god as you become a reprobate) and be damned.  
						there is coming a 7-year run as the birth pains of the 
						nation of israel (bringing at its end the nation as a 
						whole into the faith of jesus the messiah) is going on 
						and the world is falling into judgment ending with the
						

						wrath of god 
						at the 

day of the lord 
						where jesus comes 

not as savior, 
						but as the 

lion of the tribe of judah 
						with the armies of heaven and this age ends 
						cataclysmically. 


the 
						question: 
 are 
						you ready?  
						are you working the harvest of souls for the lord jesus 
						getting as many as we can ready for the catching away of 
						the church and the end of the age?  

are you 'occupying'?  
						or are you asleep or compromised with sin and the world, 
						or busy in the marketplace with your own affairs while 
						others are being lost forever all around you? 
						

						are you ready and are you making a difference for jesus 
						christ?  it really is up to you what you want ~ 
						life or death.



						luke 21:34-36 (kjv) " 34 and take heed to yourselves, 
						lest at any time your hearts be overcharged with 
						surfeiting, and drunkenness, and cares of this life, and 
						so that day come upon you unawares. 35 for as a snare 
						shall it come on all them that dwell on the face of the 
						whole earth. 36 watch ye therefore, and pray always, 
						that ye may be accounted worthy to escape all these 
						things that shall come to pass, and to stand before the 
						son of man. "


						jesus christ is going to catch up (harpazio in greek) 
						the church, and we "are" in that last generation of the 
						age before the day of the lord ends it, and begins the 
						reign of the everlasting kingdom of jesus christ 
						~ are you ready?







				the 
				11th hour:  this 
				is not just some title of a 
				new adventure or sci-fi book you can buy on amazon.  this
				isn't the title of the most 
				recent boxoffice offering from
				hollywood. 
				this is
the time that jesus spoke of in 
				matthew 20 that would come just before the time in which the 
				church is able to work would come to an end in the 
				end times. 
 it is almost 
				time for those who are being obedient to jesus in spreading the 
				gospel and reaping this harvest of souls are going to be called 
				home and rewarded!  it is the last great thrust of god 
				through his church to save as many as is possible just before 
				the catching away of the church and the first resurrection! 
				it is the last revival of the true church!

				 

this revival will not 
				concentrate on getting wealthy or some feel-good experience that 
				does not really bring lasting change (let 
				the laodiceans of revelation 3 take care of that 
				one).  
this 
				revival is in two stages:  
     the first 
				stage is where the lord of the harvest wakes those of us 
				who belong to him who are distracted in the marketplace of the 
				world and not working the harvest - to come and harvest the 
				vineyard of the lord before darkness falls. 
				the church must repent and turn back to 
				jesus christ and reject the love of the world if they 
				want to be part of what god is doing and be ready when the 
				midnight cry is made to come to the marriage supper of the lamb.  
				jesus is about to call us out and up, and the time where the 
				church can no longer work the harvest (why we are here) will be 
				finished. 
     the 
second 
				stage is for the now 
				revived church to actively work in the last hour of the church's 
				time on earth working this harvest before we are called to the 
				marriage supper of the lamb and receive our reward.  the 
				reality is that this revival will come at the time of the 
				greatest onslaught of "spiritual 
				warfare" against the 
				church to distract and/or discourage us from fulfilling our call 
				from god.  in the midst of the storm of judgment which has 
				already begun to manifest, god is trying to awaken people to 
				their spiritual need for jesus and to understand that a much 
				more intense and final judgment is soon to come!
				 in this time of
storms 
erupting all over the earth with even
natural disasters of earthquakes
				and the
most bizarre weather since the 
				flood of noah along with
wars 
				and murders 
				and racial violence
and 
				financial collapse, we can redeem 
				the time in wisdom and reach out with the hope of jesus christ 
				to win as many as possible before the 12th hour falls.
 
but be aware that in 
				this time which god is waking up his church to work, we need 
				to...



prepare for
				persecution for the true church in 
				the usa who are truly born again!  prepare for "both" opposition 
				to the preaching of the gospel, and also some last days events
which are almost here that will 
				shake the faith of any who does not have a sound 
				foundation on jesus christ and his gospel.  
				 god is sending the great delusion for the last days 
				for those who loves sin and refuses to repent and turn to god's 
				son, jesus christ.  the great 
				delusion will prepare the way for the coming antichrist.  prepare 
				yourselves by prayer and repentance - and hear the cry of the 
				holy spirit to "go" and work 
				the harvest, for this last days 
				revival is already occurring on earth.  it 
				is the united states and canada and western europe who are being left behind in this 
				revival which is centering in on the 3rd world, and to those who 
				have been in such oppression for so long. 
matthew 20:1-16 speaks of that last 
				minute (or hour) attempt by the lord of the vineyard to go and 
				stir up those workers (who should have already been working the 
				harvest) in the marketplace (the world) who were not working to 
				come in that 11th hour to work the 
				harvest until the time to quit and receive your reward came.  
				the lord (who represents god) had gone out every 3 hours since 
				the harvest began (at the day of pentecost), 
				but the lord of the vineyard broke 
				his pattern at the hour just before the 12th hour.  he 
				reached out to his workers to awaken out of their sleep and work 
				on last revival - the harvest - before it was too late and over. 
				the 
				lord is calling even now!  are you listening? 
can you 
				hear the lord's call?  the spirit is calling to come and 
				work!
				luke 10:2 (nkjv) " then he said to them, "the harvest truly is 
				great, but the laborers are few; therefore pray the lord of the 
				harvest to send out laborers into his harvest. "

     in 
				nations like 
				argentina, there has been a tremendous move of god for a number 
				of years now.  more and more in the 1990's, you heard of 
				more nations in the 3rd world experiencing moves of god that 
				would have thousands saved at a time, and the holy spirit doing 
				wonderful things with hurting people. 
				this 11th hour revival had broken 
				out already, and even in places here and there in the usa, the flow of 
				the holy spirit started moving and people were being born again 
				and delivered.  the problem with the united states and 
				canada however, is that too many of us like our sin more than we 
				do god.   

and in the 
last decade, god has been 
				fulfilling his word in a way that has never been seen quite like 
				this before, although it was predicted.  in islamic 
				countries such as iran, there is a revival movement as thousands 
				of muslims are being saved.  old men are literally having 
				dreams and young men are literally having vision.  boys and 
				girls, men and women are coming to believe upon the lord jesus 
				christ as god's only begotten son and they are being radically 
				saved.  some are losing their lives, and all are being 
				persecuted.  i bought a book not too long ago which 
				chronicled some of these stories from barnes and noble called "iran: 
				desperate for god" by the 
				voice of the martyrs.  god is giving old men 
				dreams and young men visions, and male and female and young and 
				old alike are having jesus christ revealed to them as the true 
				and living god's only begotten son and they are believing and 
				being saved.  at the danger of losing their lives to a 
				rabid shiite muslim theocratic government, they are believing 
				and being born again.  then folks (those of us in the usa 
				who don't have time to witness our faith of christ... listen), 
				these people at further risk to their lives are becoming 
				witnesses for jesus christ and there is a quickly growing 
				christian revival which is occurring underground in iran. 
				the 11th hour harvest is being reaped.  
				are we doing our part?  can we hear the voice of our 
				lord calling us to work?  will we heed his voice, or will 
				we become those who are lukewarm 
				and have our part with the "5 foolish virgins" of matthew 25?  
				will we watch and pray so that we may be accounted worthy to 
				escape all the things jesus was predicting in luke 21?  or 
				will we be like laodicea and be spewed out of the mouth of jesus 
				for being "world-temperature" or
				lukewarm?  
which will it be, child of god?  will 
				your part be with the 5 wise virgins who were revived with the 
				oil of the spirit filling them?  
or will you be with the 5 foolish virgins 
				who were virgins and part of the kingdom according to jesus, but 
				yet were not ready and the door to the marriage supper was 
				closed to them?  which will 
				it be?



are 
				you ready?  are you awake?  
it always disturbed me the 
				way that jesus described the kingdom of heaven at the midnight 
				cry to come to the marriage supper (what 
				is also called the 
first 
				resurrection 
				and 
				catching away of the church).
				 see, 
				while the people who reject jesus and embrace the coming mark of 
				the beast shall drink of the cup on the lord's wrath (pure and 
				undiluted with any mercy at that time), the church will be in 
				the 3rd heaven having the marriage supper with jesus christ 
				enjoying a different cup of the lord.  
				but in matthew 25, jesus makes 2 points 
				that are disturbing!  one 
				is that only half of the virgins (who are a part of the kingdom, 
				folks... this is like the laodicean church who is lukewarm and 
				not ready) is foolish and do not have enough of the oil (holy 
				spirit anointing) for the lights of the lives to shine, and 
				their lamp goes out and they are left behind! 
 
     
but 
				there is  another sharp point in this whole scenario given 
				by jesus. 

				 all 
				of the church (virgins) are asleep!

 why? 
				why are even those 
				people in the church who are ready and on fire for jesus asleep 
				when he comes?  i know that there is the surprise point 
				about jesus coming as a thief in the night when you do not 
				expect him to.  but it still bothered me.  it bothered 
				me enough to seek god and pray about it.  i think i 
				understand now.  you might or might not agree with me.  
				its just my belief (i am not teaching doctrine here, just 
				sharing what i get out of it).  i truly believe that the 
				church is just plain tired when he calls us up!  preachers 
				of the last generation were naive thinking that everything would 
				be just wonderful and peaceful in the american and canadian 
				churches just before what we call the rapture (the catching away 
				in scripture) occurs.  there is a terrible storm already 
				beating on the land and we live in the predicted "perilous 
				times" already.  it was naive to think that there would be 
				no warning or hard times going into the great tribulation.  
				paul told us in 1 thessalonians 5 that would "know" the times 
				and seasons.  how do we know?  because it has become a 
				spiritual battle to live in this generation.  it requires 
				real faith and discipleship to walk in the spirit in these days.  
				those who liked to play games with god have already fallen by 
				the wayside.    
    the church is literally tired, and we all tend to sleep 
				sometimes.  but do not let that midnight cry take you 
				unawares.  watch and pray always and keep your love for 
				jesus "fervent", and you will be ready when he calls.
luke 
				21:34-36 " 34 and take heed to yourselves, lest at any time your 
				hearts be overcharged with surfeiting, and drunkenness, and 
				cares of this life, and so that day come upon you unawares. 
				35 for as a snare shall it come on all them that dwell on the 
				face of the whole earth. 
				36 watch ye therefore, and pray always, that ye may be accounted 
				worthy to escape all these things that shall come to pass, and 
				to stand before the son of man. "





				luke 21:25-26 (nkjv)" 25 and there will be signs in the sun, in 
				the moon, and in the stars; and on the earth distress of 
				nations, with perplexity, the sea and the waves roaring; 26
				

				men's hearts failing them from fear and the expectation of those 
				things which are coming on the earth, for the powers of 
				heaven will be shaken. 
				"


we
				are already beginning to see things that have not been since the 
				day of noah.  there are supernatural manifestations and 
				events that "are" occurring and 
				there are "sightings" of paranormal 
				entities and "signs" both in the 
				heavens and in the earth that have become so numerous that no 
				blanket on the news media or officials can disguise it any more. 
 evil 
				entities that had only revealed 
				themselves to a "few" are now revealing their presence openly as 
				we see very disturbing biblical prophecy come to pass before our 
				eyes.

  
 so 
				many things are "distractions" today which distract us from what 
				the enemy and his servants are setting in place secretly, and 
				yet right in front of us.  

     
				during this time, the church is to look up to the lord and not 
				despair in this time of darkness.  keep your eyes upon 
				jesus christ who is the source of that light of life that shines 
				through his church.  we are to be salt and light in this 
				dark world.  i don't care how dark it 
				gets, the light of life will always break the darkness and give 
				hope.  are we being salt?  are 
				we being light?  is our light shining, or have we covered 
				it with worldliness?  are we giving in to this age and 
				the world bit by bit, or have we put on the whole armor of god 
				and making a stand.  
				stand or fall, that is our choices.  the mayan calendar 
				has no power over the church. 
				god does.  we are his church and 
				the earth is actually the lord's.  it is in his hand to 
				bring the times and seasons.  it is 
				our place to trust him and obey and work the harvest of souls by 
				bringing to then the gospel of jesus christ before the 11th hour 
				is over.  



				father god, in jesus christ's name, open our eyes and empower 
				your church to be the church again.  revive us, o lord.  
				we repent of our sins.  we repent for our country.  we 
				repent and ask you to revive this land one more time before 
				jesus comes back.  forgive us, lord and empower your church 
				to work this harvest in these last days in jesus' name. 
				2 
					chronicles 7:14  " if my people who are called by 
					my name will humble themselves, and pray and seek my face, 
					and turn from their wicked ways, then i will hear from 
					heaven, and will forgive their sin and heal their land. " - 
					nkjv
 

 










			the gospel:  
			have you been born again?




 
 
 
 


			if you are not born again, it does not matter if you go to church or 
			not.  if you are not born again, it does not matter if you have 
			money or power or have been a "good person" in our way of looking of 
			things.  it does not matter who your spouse is or your parents 
			are.  in fact nothing will ever matter again if you die and 
			have not been born again, for jesus spoke of a place called hell... 
			a place that was so real and so terrible that he went to the cross 
			and took all of our sin upon himself so that we could avoid it and 
			have eternal life with him.  click on the graphic on the 
			left... have you been born again?


			click on either of the graphics to read more about it.  this 
			might be the most important thing you have ever read!  its not 
			if we merit salvation or our good outweigh our evil.  
			it's if you have been born again...
 
			
			 
copyright © 2020 by james dale coldiron and voice of
			the watchman
			feel free to forward or redistribute as long as
			original message text and this 
			copyright is in intact and
			unchanged.  
			for permission to change to/or use in another work, 
			please
			contact me at  
webmaster@voiceofthewatchman.org ... thank
			you.








 





